
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. What's Going on, man? Pleasure meet you doing man. Good to see you, baby. Papa, look at that ring. Yeah. Holy shit. Good to see you. Pleasure to meet you. The most fun follow on Twitter by far. Excuse me. X Thank you. Whatever they want to call it. You're the most fun. Thank you, man. You, you made my job easy. You know, All the entertainment you give me. How did you decide to start doing this? How did you, first of all, were you always this funny? I would like to think so, But like your social media president's, like, I forget, I think Tony Hinchcliffe told me about you.


Yeah. He's like, dude, you have to follow Antonio Brown. You must follow. He's the most must follow on the internet. I'm like, really? And then I go to your page and I'm fucking dying laughing. We're sharing it around the green room with the Comedy Star, like, ah. And then when I won Cracker of the Day, I was like, yes. Yes. Of year. Yes. Cracker of the Year. That's right. Yeah. I try to use X as a good platform to bring laughter making, you know, bringing humor back and comedy. Yeah. Making people feel good for Well, You can get wild. Yeah. I get a little wild sometimes. You can get wild on X. Yeah. You, You can get a little wild on X. But I try to Twitter They would've got rid of you a long ago. Yeah. You would've been canceled. Yeah. Probably would've got rid of Me Too, if Elon didn't buy Twitter.


Yeah. We, thanks Elon Musk giving us that platform to be able expressive, you know, to bring, bring comedy back, bringing entertainment fun. Yeah. Just Ridiculous shit. Yeah. Yeah. Have some fun again. Have some fun again. Yeah. What happened? Everyone tight. Everybody Tightened up tight for like five years. It was really tight. Yeah. Yeah. So how did, how did you come up with hashtag ct espn? Because that's my favorite. I feel like when I stopped playing football and I walked off the field, people was like, this guy's crazy. Like, he's retarded. You know what I'm saying? He's illiterate. So, You know, I was like, You know what, maybe I could, you know, rebrand C-T-S-P-N with, you know, giving people perspective of different challenges people face and Yeah.


Great individuals, how they overcome adversity and just kinda share in tune perspective of, you know, how people is getting through trauma now. No matter if you a football player, I mean, what it's like for you, you started damn uc. UFCU. Yeah. Yeah. UFC. Like You, the, the reality of head trauma is something that we're like as a society, we're just embracing over the last 10, 20 years. Yeah. Like, it wasn't for that concussion movie. I think that opened up a lot of people's eyes. Yeah. That Will Smith movie. Yes. And the story that doctor of him finding how many people have like significant brain trauma from football? Yes. So for me, I try to use it because this is a serious standpoint.


A lot of ex-players and players have actually has been diagnosed And, you know, passed away from ct. So for me, You know, on a serious point of, You know, bringing record awareness and bringing, you know, a reality standpoint of what athletes and people fighting or anyone in their daily, daily lives facing from head trauma of just people writing them off, you know, and encouraging therapy. Encouraging how do you get through tough situation and then making it funny. Right. You know what I'm saying? Right. 'cause I feel like nowadays if you do something crazy people like, oh yeah, that guy's crazy. So it's like, let's just show why they crazy and C-T-S-P-N and show, show the cause of the craziness.


You know what I mean? Yeah, Yeah. There, I mean there's a real Cause the craziness. Yes. And we're ignoring it as society. 'cause we love football, we love MA. Exactly. We love boxing. You know, we just kind of like Overlook it with the entertainment, keep Moving, keep Hitting. You know, I'm friends with a lot of dudes, so I get to see what they're like after fights, you know? Yeah. Like everybody watches the fight. The fight's amazing. And then, you know, you run into 'em after fights and have a conversation with 'em. Like, oh man, their whole head's swollen. Can't move their hands. You know, can't walk. Calves are blown out. Knees fucked up. I here this, there, there. Oh, it's a challenge.


It's a challenge, man. Yeah. It's a real challenge. And when you started playing football, nobody even thought about it. Yeah. 'cause you just, you know, you never think about the repercussions. You just think how I make a better life. Well, back Then, nobody even really knew that that was gonna happen to football players. It was kind of a thing that they thought about with boxers. Rarely people talked about football players who aren't doing so good. Yeah. So I feel like CTSP was brought back to recognize the awareness of high level people experiencing trauma and not being able to overcome that trauma. 'cause you know, life's changed on you in a second. You playing football, you know it's going to come to an end. And then what do you do next? Yeah. That's the hardest thing, right.


Like for pro athletes, you go from being a kid to All the sudden you are making millions of dollars. Yes. And you're young. Yes. And you're wild and you're not thinking it's gonna go away. And then all your friends are buying jewelry. Yeah. And all your friends are buying Mercedes-Benz and Bentleys and all this shit. And you're like, fuck. And I think the number was something like 85% of NFL players go bankrupt within X amount of years after retirement. Exactly. 'cause the lifestyle, you know, and making so much money and being able to transition in regardless of having a new career and not making that much money all at once like you used to. Yeah. And I think sometimes bank world could be used to protect assets in regardless of people coming after you too.


You know, you big target when you in position. Of course. Yeah. I mean, that is another problem with getting wealthy, is that You can become vulnerable to scoundrels And scavengers and Dirty hoes. Yeah. Dirty ho, dirt bad dirty Money grabbing like must be business like calculated hoes. Yeah. You know, ones that, it's not just like, well the relationship did work out. The lawyer told you You can get some money from him. Yeah. Maybe you should go for it. Yeah. Fuck him. No. It's like from the jump they're calculated. Nah, these ladies these days they gonna have, they gonna have a nigga baby 'cause they homeless. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta hit 'em in back to the streets where you belong, bitch.


You know what I'm saying? Did did you ever have situations where you thought, like girls were trying to like get over on you? I just feel like nowadays girls just want the bb, like the bb DD the biggest and better deal. Right. It's like, you know what I'm saying? Who want, That's built into human Nature. Yeah. It's like, yeah. Human nature. That's genetic. What's the next best thing? Yeah. So they, it's called hyper gamy. Yeah. It's like a natural state that women staying. Right. Well they, they look for like, if, if you're doing okay, but then all of a sudden she starts working for a billionaire and he gets divorced and he's real friendly to her. Next thing you know, she starts, she starts picturing that Closet, seeing the op. Right. She starts picturing that closet, seeing all those shoes and purses and Yeah.


All that jewelry. And she Started licking chops going to the movie theater. I, he's actually nicer to me than my boyfriend. Yes. And then they start justifying it and next thing you know, Old s going there, s going, she's going to the movie theater. It's hypergo me. Yeah. It's a, a natural state that some women, I mean obviously there's great women out there with character and morals and they don't do that, but it's a natural thing that women do. They try to find a better, better suitor, Bigger and better deal. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. When, when, you know, when you talk about CTE, when did you first start noticing the effects of football? I feel like to me, I always knew like the game was gonna come to an end.


And I feel like to me, I always played the game smart as a receiver. Not not putting myself in bad positions getting hit. But I did have a chance to, you know, rest in peace to Marius Thomas, one of the ex receivers who came in the NFL around the time I came in. I had a chance to see him experience, you know what I'm saying? Some of that CT trauma and intimacy. How did he pass From ct? Yeah, yeah. He passed from CTE. Yeah. When they studied his brain. Yeah. 'cause I don't want speak about the problem that he really had, but Yeah. You know, being a close friend to him, You know, we seen some of the experience that he was going through and playing for temper. My last year when we won the Super Bowl, I think it had a player of Vincent Jackson rest in peace also passed from CTE.


So for me, you know, it's, it's a real thing. It's a real thing. And not only just from the hits you take, but like you said, aftermath of your career or You know, having a moment in your career where some guys can't get over it or you know, you done seen fighters have a fight or it may not go the way that they wanted to go and it could possibly affect the outcome of how they look at it. And I feel like we all have traumas in our lives from all, no matter if you play sports or not. Yeah. So it just weighs an awareness of getting mental therapy and being able to, You know, work on yourself so You can have a better life. Yeah. That's a important point you brought up. Like the psychology of a, of an athlete. You have to learn how to like put losses behind you and failures behind you.


Yeah. And regain your confidence and then excel and move forward. Yeah. Right. You, you just gotta not let one moment overtake the overall moments of your career. Right. For some moments are big moments And you know, if you get cut as little things that happen in your career, just take it with a grain of salt and be able to cope with the situations you are in, you Know. Yeah. Did when did you, I mean you talk pretty openly about CTE, but when did you start feeling the effects of that? I feel like for me, pe I feel like for me, I don't really, I feel like I always was in tune And, you know, aware of my situation and where I'm at in life. You know, I've been pretty blessed in my regards of being a football player to be able to come from Central Michigan as a walk on to Central Michigan, leave three years, go to the distillers, being the second receiver pick and that year and then, you know, I always had a high belief in myself and never was deteriorated about the position or where I had to start from or where I was going.


So for me, I always had the Intuit trust and the belief in myself regarding any situation I've been in because you know, I came from Liberty City from nothing. So to me everything's a blessing. So I never let football or any position I ever was in in life deteriorated my perspective and my outlook or how I looked at. Did you feel the way your brain work changed at all though? No. I feel like the older you get playing sport, you realize deteriorate. You know what I'm saying? What the game entails on your body. I feel like in my twenties I was just ripping through, you know, dominating the game. Right, right. Then when you get 30, You know what I'm saying? Obviously it's a business, they're looking for younger players to excel at the game.


And then when you leave one of the best teams and put yourself in a position to, you know, to to do what's important for you other than important for the NFL. So You know what's gonna come with that. So to me, I always made a calculated decisions, You know what I mean? To put myself in the best position. IE like playing with Tom Brady, you know, going to the braces or leaving the Steelers or you know, I always try to just knew I wasn't gonna play for a long time. Just maximize the moment in the meantime playing. So when I'm done playing, I could live a healthy life. So you you play it smart. Gotta play Smart. Yeah. And as a receiver man, they're coming for you. Yeah. You gotta play smart. I mean that's a, that's target, numero uno. Yeah.


You know, way. Yeah. Do you encounter a lot of young guys are like, you know, I'm, I'm sure you run into like, and you definitely did while you were playing, young guys are coming in and you feel like compelled to let them know like, hey, this is, you got a short amount of time here. Yes. Nobody, nobody last the longest. Anybody that ever lasts is like Brady. Yeah. Like what's he now he's like, he's thinking about doing it again. Yeah. He's like, what is he, 43, 44 probably. Yeah. Quarterback's a little different, right? Yeah. A lot different. Right. Than a receiver. A lot different than a receiver. Yeah. And they, they have long careers, but you know, it's obviously for most people you hit, you start hitting your thirties. That's the same thing with fighters as well. When they pass 35, that's the cutoff.


35, you're always looking for decline. Exactly. And some of 'em hang in there strong. Like Alex Pereira, he's 37, he's hanging in there strong. Yeah. Killing everybody. But for most guys, 35, 36, that's the drop off. 37. Do you feel like compelled to talk to the young guys and like Absolutely. Cause it wasn it's a short window of opportunity. Yeah. And you gotta know like what are you set out to do? Right. You know what I mean? What are you came to do? You gotta have those in s and just, you know, it's a long game. Yeah. Yeah. Life Is a long game. Life is a long game. So I, yeah. Football's a chapter. Life's a long game. It could be the most fun chapter of your whole life. Exactly. But it's, it is not real life. Right.


Football is just what you do. It's really not who you is. But I feel like people will kind of get to know you from what you do based off, you know what I mean? Yeah, Of course. Yeah. Yeah. The other thing is that like some guys, they have a real problem when they stop playing because they don't know who they are anymore. They used to be a football player. Yeah. And now all of a sudden they're just a regular person who was a football player. And that's, and that's some part of the trauma as well. You know, you know some guys Right. It's not really in tune and knowing theyself in regard of who they is. And to me, I always knew football was gonna come to an end. We don't have unlimited health. And I go back to the trauma, which is understand who you are and making yourself happy. You know?


Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's interesting to see that some people can navigate it and they figure out how to do it and they get through life and then they move on to other things and they start doing commentary on ESPN or what have you and they're doing great. And then most people, that's not the case. Yeah. That's why I say I recommend people who get therapy And you know, any of your career have good people in your corner that, you know got your back that could still help you propel in life. And Did you get therapy when you were done? Yeah. Yeah. For sure. You gotta get therapy. Yeah. Yeah. What did you specifically go to talk to them about? Just how you feel. You know, mental clarity, you know, emotional feelings, you know, I feel like waking up and being a football player when you did it every day and you wake up with so much energy ready to put it out.


Right. Learning how to channel it. You know, learning how to deal with some relationships that maybe change now that you're not in a position and how to deal with that. Or You know, how to deal with people leveraging you. You know what I mean? For what you got now. And yeah. Just a lot of different things that just provide mental clarity and just because life's not about just being right. Just figuring out ways to just be more happy. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean? Did you have a plan when you stopped? Like did you know what you were gonna do? I didn't know what I was gonna do. Was it kind of just like happened, you know, I was making music with the distribution label with video. So as soon as I walked out the field, they released the music.


I ended up linking with Kanye West right after, after that I was doing Rolling Louds after that. You know what I'm saying? So for me, I was grateful, you know, as soon I walked off the field, music song dropped. How'd You link up with Kanye? Man? He was looking for me right when I walked off the field. Really? Yeah. They was calling me Justin Laboy, like calling me in New York like, yo, Kanye wanna to meet you. I end up flying to LA with to Meet Rich with Fashion Nova. And we met right in Craig's, randomly in Craig's. But he was looking for me in LA and after that end up hanging with him, making this album down to two and Wow.


Just getting an opportunity. So That's crazy. I'm blessed to be able to have that happen for me. You know? What is It like working with Kanye? 'cause I gotta imagine that Motherfucker A lot of genius meetings at eight o'clock, All the music. 8:00 AM or 8:00 PM 8:00 AM Really every day. Yeah. Really? All the engineers there, everyone on the team That's unusual. Rappers at 8:00 AM Nah, Kanye is really business guy who put in a lot of work. I know a lot of people see his rans and him going off, but he's really passionate about his work and He's a genius. Yeah. He's just scattered. He's all over the place. And sometimes he goes a little off, a little out, out off the reservation. I Feel like he think in a lot of forms of Yes.


So many areas he like to think so. You Don't make music like that consistently unless you got a very different mind. Nah, he's real pretty. That dude has a very different mind all of his shit. He doesn't have one bad album. He's real, his new album's not getting enough love. Nah. 'cause I feel like people wanna know where is he at? Where he at physically. He's killing it still. This music is killing it. Nice. This new shit is killing it. Yeah. I wish he didn't sell swastika t-shirts on his website, but yeah, That's, He does that to fuck with people. He does that to fuck with people. Yeah. He loves it. That's part of the fun of being, that's part Of the marketing. Yeah. Yeah. It's part of the fun of being Kanye. He's getting people talk about him. He puts an ad on the Super Bowl and you go to the website and he's selling swastika T-shirt.


It's like, what the fuck The hell is this? It's so crazy. But the music is undeniable over and over and over again. It's undeniable. Every album. He's not, he doesn't have one dud. They're all bangers. They're all bangers. All fire. Yeah. And the new one, gas after All the shit he's been through the new one is a banger. We play that shit in the green room All the time. Yeah. He's all gas. It's a banger. Yeah. He's all gas. All gas. No breaks. Yeah. But 8:00 AM meetings for rappers is very unusual. I mean, he's more than a rapper. I think he's just a creative genius. He make beats, he's in fashion shoes. Right, Of course. Yeah. Just creative, lucrative man. I feel like he's really passionate about Yeah.


The rap is just one extension of his creativity. You know, he can do whatever the fuck he wants. Yeah. I just wish he would stop selling swastika T-shirts. Yeah. He got, yeah, he got a coming down. I, I told him. I told him. Well tell him, I told him God is love him. Gotta calm it down. Yeah. I told him God is love man. You know, he's, he's a really in tune spirit with God. So I told him, man, God is love. Be loved. Well You know what I think, I think Kanye feels attacked and when he feels attacked he fires back. Yeah. And then, then you develop this antagonistic relationship with the media with, with some of your fans, You know, with All the people that are upset at you. You know, he feels, he feels like cornered and attacked and, and not appreciated.


And then he fires at people and starts saying wild shit and then puts masks on And does He just, just, He is a brilliant fucking guy. Yeah. He's amazing. When he Came to do the podcast, unfortunately at the time Jamie caught covid. Yeah. Like the early, early days. And Jamie couldn't be here. So we wound up doing it in my studio. But what he wanted to do was build a studio that looked like a womb. Nah, he loves a, he loves like settings and hot stuff. Looks shapes. Yeah. Designs. Designs. He's, yeah. He probably send a hundred image every day. Just different designs. Yeah. He should send me sketches and shit. Yeah. Sketch what? He's working on sketch. You should see his workout. Like he draws his own work. Like a whole comic comic book.


A comic book of his workouts. Yeah. His workout. Like he got, it's, it's retarded. He's just so, yeah. It is crazy. That's funny. Yeah. I mean that's how you become a guy that's that successful in so many different areas. He's Creative genius. You Have to be driven. You gotta be driven man. Yeah. You gotta, you gotta ex get on that bike and exercise that cardio. Like he's right. He got outta agility. He got that agility just up and on it. Yeah. But I feel like that kind of brain though is like a Ferrari engine. Yeah. Never saw like you gotta know how to handle that. Yeah. You gotta know how to handle that thing. You're gonna go into the woods, you can Spin Off the road and hit a fucking tree crash. And that's the problem with a guy like Kanye. It's just like his brain has more horsepower than the average brain.


And you know, he's on a road where everybody else is going 35 miles an hour and he's like, get the fuck outta my way. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, 'cause he is got that Ferrari engine. Yeah. But that engine you will spin out. You the tires won't hold. You will take crash you corner too fast. Yeah. You'll go sideways. Yeah. It's the crash out bucket right here. Crash once with helmet. Wanna crash out? Why'd you, why did you, why'd you choose a helmet? I feel like this is one of the lucrative helmets that they wear when they go to war. Lucrative. Yeah. Lucrative. You know this the crash out buckets. 'cause I feel like when you wear this helmet, you were already crashed out. It's like you committed to the crash out. Like Right, Right, right. You're all in.


All in. So I feel like we at war right now with the Democrats. I know. Isn't that crazy to say? I know, but yeah. It's crazy to say but I know exactly what you're saying. Exactly. I just can't believe people say it. And it's true. It's wildlife right now. What is ha like the Democrats are now the Republicans. Yes. It's wild. They're ones control speech. They didn't even clap for the little kid. No, that was bullshit. They Didn't clap for the little kid. They didn't clap for the lady who got fucked up by that volleyball player. That was a dude. Yeah. They didn't clap for Lake and Riley who got murdered by the illegal League. Right. Yeah. It was crazy. That's just, we're so divided. It's so I that's, you can't clap for a little kid who survived cancer.


What the fuck is wrong with you? Yeah. Where your heart out. But he's, he's on their side so you can't clap for this little kid. You gotta like, you're upset this little kid is watching you not clap at him. Yeah. It's crazy. That's crazy. That's a little child. Yeah. Hurting his heart. A child with cancer and you can, you can't, You can't put your shit aside to give that kid some love. That's crazy. Yeah. That's, That's, yeah. That's, we got, we have to stop the division in this country. And it's feel, I feel like people are digging in their trenches. They're, they're digging in deeper and deeper. Yeah. And really we should be encouraging the opposite. Yes. Most of what people are arguing about all day long in politics is not affecting your life. It's bullshit. It's all Bullshit. It's bullshit.


And, and you could get caught up in it and, and it could become your whole life and you will waste your life thinking about that stuff instead of thinking about stuff that you actually have control over. Exactly. Your family, your friends, Stuff that's important. Your life. Yeah. Stuff that's actually important. Which is what you should be thinking about most of the time. Yachty. But some people, they think about that and then thinking, yeah, well what are these motherfuckers doing behind the scenes? They're stealing my fucking taxes doing this and bringing in the illegals. And what are they doing with the trans kids? Nonstop. Yeah, it's nonstop man. That's why we gotta bring comedy and love back and the enjoyable laughs on X making people. Were you on Twitter before Elon bought It? Yeah, I was on there before.


Did you get in trouble at all? Would Never take you take it on the DL back then. Like a little lighter. Nah. Obviously back then I was represent the NFL or some, some stuff. I can't really talk on this. Speak. All right. You were represen in the NL Right now. Yeah. You gotta get the fuck outta. Yeah. Some of the shit you write is wild. Yeah. Yeah. You get wild. But it's funny. Yeah. That's like, that's what I go to Twitter for kind. Don't wanna be mad laugh. Yeah. We don't wanna scratch people. I wanted people to come to my ex page and fucking baw out your eyes. Yeah. So when you did the awards. Yes. Like who put that together? Me and my guy Jacob. We put it together. Genius.


Yeah. Genius. That was amazing. And everybody loved it. It was huge. I Love it. Yeah. I think it was bigger than the award show with the Oscars. I feel like we had a lot of numbers. You had a Lot of numbers on X man. Like a lot of people watched that. What was the final numbers on that? I think almost 200 million engagement. That is so crazy. Not on the X. Yeah. That's So great. But it's fun. People are, it's Fun. Starving For fun. They need excitement. Yeah. A little uncomfortable but a little cool. Yeah. 'cause we make the uncomfortability cool when It's like Dang. Also you're doing it all with a big smile. It's a happiness Man. Yeah. You're having a good time. Yeah, A good time. Making people feel good. Yeah. That's what we need more of. Are you gonna do more award shows? I need to. We need to do more. Especially if you a part of it.


If you gonna come support it, Of course I'll support. I look. I can a bunch of guys to come too. We Need to do a real experience, like a real show awards where we have it. I feel like you could do it every quarter. You can do like once a quarter, every month. Every Three weeks. Three months. Yeah. Why not get some sponsors. Let's go, let's go, let's go. You know, because like that's a legitimate show. Like fuck all these other award shows. Like I didn't watch the Oscars. There's so much politics. It's just not even fun. Yes, I know. They're talking about politics. Yeah. And Ukraine and this and GOs. And get back to just you making movies. Just make your fucking movies. Right. Just go right to the theaters and Keep it going. This is what we did. We worked real hard. Everybody Thank you everybody for all your hard work. Yay. We won. That's it. That's it.


That's all I wanna hear from you. That's All I want to hear. I'm not interested in someone who lies for a living 'cause that's what they do. They pretend to be somebody else for a living. Yeah. Tell me how I should view the world. Yeah. I like to go to other people for that. Please. Thank you. You're Welcome. Yeah. You're you fucking people are just, you're just actors. Just 'cause you're famous doesn't mean what you have to say is important. Exactly. Especially at a fucking award show. Imagine like taking your time and you're gonna use that award show to denounce politics. Politics and Yeah. Proclaim your platform. Like just ruin shit. Boring. Super war boring. Yours is fun. You can have a giant audience.


You could have musical performers. Like Yeah, I have A real show. Yeah Man. And People look forward to and feel happy about. Fuck Yeah. Fuck yeah. It Made people feel good for doing great things, man. Yes. And it's also like the fun thing about you doing something like that too is it lets other people know like, oh I could cut loose too. Yeah. Maybe You can be a little open. You know. Yeah. Maybe Little comedy. Any fun. Yeah. Maybe someone will pay attention to me. Yeah. Maybe I can crack some good jokes and have some fun. And that's Some good humor to bring people together. Yes. Yeah. Well that's one cool thing that I am seeing from a lot of former athletes. They're starting podcasts. Yeah. I like the podcast. Yeah. This world of space. Yeah. It's like, it's a good way for guys to just sit around and shoot the shit and and be expressive.


Look at Pat McAfee. I mean he's fucking killing. Killing. Yeah. He's Killing it. Yeah. Pat took it to a whole new level after. After the career killing. Exactly. Yeah. But that's like a great example of what's possible for a lot of former athletes. Yeah. Especially fun guys like you. Yeah. Have you thought about doing a podcast? I would love to. I start, I just started a little on C-T-S-P-N, but I think I did it. I feel like I don't want to be the guy that's just talking about. Yeah. I feel like sometimes you get a little watered down when you just Right. Talking too much. I feel like as a player I always was about action. I love to talk and be funny and creative, but sometimes it depends on, You know what, what's the seriousness and the purpose coming behind it. And what is, what's the mean name?


Oh believe me, I know I talk too much. I talk four or five days a week, sometimes hours. But your opinion is really good. Thank you much. I like seeing you give your opinion and you always, you always real, you are realist. It's not a lot of People That I Try to real Yeah. Keep it official or, or tell the truth how they feeling. So, you know, it's always amazing to be here with you on a Thank you experience here is real. Well I feel very fortunate that my job depends on me being real. Yeah. So like you don't have an option to not Real a lot people can't really pay that price. Like how do you come to a source with yourself where You can just be a hundred percent genuine about like how you feel, who you is. I Kind of always have been that way. Love that. I think that's my CTE. I love That. That's your trauma.


Just been your So I hit A lot when I was young, man. I got hit in the head a lot. And I think all my years of sparring and fighting I think rattled something loose. It rattled the give a fuck part loose. Whereas like I don't care as much if other people are mad at me. I love that as some people do that I don't care as much. I mean it doesn't, I don't like it. I don't like it if people are upset at me, it doesn't ruin my life like it does with some people. I can just like True yourself. Yeah. Whatever. Also, I think I have enough real world perspective to know what's actually important in this life. And it's not really necessarily other people's opinions. Especially the type of opinions of people that get upset All the time about everything.


Yeah. They're not valuable opinions. So even if they're making you out to be the worst person that's ever lived, like according to them, but they're idiots. Like you have to, you have to be able to have perspective. And Sally, if you feel a certain way and you don't tell people, if you think a certain way, you don't tell people you're doing a disservice to you, you're doing a disservice to them. Like nobody is. Nobody's benefiting from that. Nobody, no one's Benefiting you. Holding them back. Yeah. Keeping your true self or, so how do you handle criticism? You just, yeah. Handle it with the achievement. Right. I just don't say nothing. Right. Keep on going, let's keep going. Achieve more, right? Yeah.


This thing called life gonna keep on rolling. Keep, like, just ignore it. I mean if I, I'm my worst critic, so if I have a bad show, if I do something I don't like or wish I didn't do, I am upset at myself. Okay. More than other people are gonna be anyway. Now You a realist. Yeah. So I'm not interested in the opinions of people that are easily upset by almost anything. How Do you feel about crypto man? You got Phantom Wallet. How do you get your money in crypto? Well, Jamie and I have been talking about starting our own bullshit coin. No, that'd be dope. I'm Not doing it. Not bullshit Coin thought. I thought you were gonna do a pull it up Jamie coin. No, no, No. What about the butt coin you heard of but coin? No. What's butt Coin Dodge. Your new Dodge coin.


Hm. Do new read a shirt today at Dodge. Dodge Coin. I mean it's a bunch of coins. There's Like a million coins, right? Yeah. It's like a million coins. How many many coins are there? How many like meme coins over though? It's over. It's over. Yeah. What do you mean? The meme? Coin fell apart. It All fell apart Like last week. When? This week. Yeah Jamie. For real. Everything fell apart. Why did it fall apart? Because ever it's nonsense. This I hope we didn't ruin it by talking about it. Did. Could have. I don't know. I'm Thinking about ruined meme coin. I don't want, I don't know. I'm not making any portnoy kind of exposed it. It's all, it's it all. It's over. Because Portnoy was the only one that was looking at it going, am I going to jail?


Like is this, Is this Legal? Yeah. I feel like you should, I was thinking about lodging a coin myself. That's really legit. That you don't own you, you don't sell it, you don't rip it that way. If it tanked they make their money. I feel like you could go to focus XYZ at AB and check it out. Is that Yours? Yeah. Okay. So So you promise not to pump and dump? Yeah. No. Pump and dump. It is a undruggable. Like nobody could pump and dump it. Oh You can't pull the rug out. Yeah, you Can't pull the rug out. So that way really it just stay and grows. 'cause that's why I feel like that's what people get in trouble with all these coins just pumping down. Right? People don't want to be scammed the fucked over or manipulated. So I feel like you gotta have, for me to make one coin, I feel like we gotta make one that won't sell a tank on garble.


One that you could focus on. I think I'm gonna put it out now. It's on focus xyz slash ab. Check it out. There was this one coin that Hamza Chamiah, the UFC fighter released that was they, they were claiming that he did a pump and dump And it was like you ripped off your fans. I'm like, yeah, you can't Rip off your fans, You can't rip off your fans obviously. But also, I don't know if the people that are buying those coins are fans. I think they're gamblers. I think those people are just gamblers and they're just trying to figure out, okay, if I buy in now And you know they're making money, they probably got like their finger over the sell button waiting for it to get to a certain number and cash out. And cash out. It's like the casino at that point. Yeah, 100%.


But it's, it's more rigged than the casino because the casino, like the person playing it can't rig it. Yeah. But this, the person playing it is rigging it. Yeah. The person buying the coins can rig it. Like if you, especially if you get a famous guy like Hamza or someone else to tweet about it and make it a big deal and then the price goes up and then you just pick a peak. Peak number. Yeah. And when it hits that number, you're like, that's it. Yeah. You can't fuck people. All the people, no one's feeling good. Fuck without their no decision. But also, Who are these people? And why'd they think they were gonna make money on bullshit coins? Yeah. I don't get it. But what is, are we, you know what I'm saying?


Yeah. What is that? Do we, are we mad at the casino when someone blows all their money playing roulette? No. We're like, well that's what you signed up for. Like you could have won money. Like people win money on roulette. Yeah. They or they don't. But if you lose all your money in roulette, we're not mad at the casino. No. So why are we mad loses their money in meme coins. You know, it's like, what the fuck did you think was gonna happen? You took A gamble. Yeah. You, you're literally buying a coin that's like a little doggy face and you, you, You took your whole, You took your whole life savings and you gambled on a doggy face coin. That's what a fake money coin. Yeah. Explain that to me. Dumb ass of the day.


That's dumb ass of the day. Yeah. Really? It's like I and I, again, I feel terrible for anybody who got tricked into doing that shit. But I think most of those people are not getting tricked. They're like scamming. Yeah. They're trying to like figure, they're figure out. They're hustling. They're trying to figure out when to buy, when to sell. Figure A way to make it big. Yeah. But the weird thing is like a guy like Portnoy can tweet about a coin and then once he makes that post, the coin goes up and then he sells and he makes a million dollars. He is like, is that okay? Like is that legal? Well it turns out it is legal. Yes. That's totally legal to do. Yeah. But like, shouldn't there be some fucking regulations? 'cause you can't do that with a lot of things. Yeah. If you did that with the stock market, wouldn't you be in trouble if you did that with the stock market? Like if you tweeted about a stock and then that stock went up and then you sold right away.


Like if you like I'm bullish on this stock and then that stock goes up and then you sell right away. Is that a pump and dump? It is. Right? Yeah. No it's not. That's not how works. No. Is that totally legal? I don't, yeah. Yeah. It's legal Talk in the microphone bro. I have no idea why that wouldn't be illegal. But that's, you can't, that's not pumping. You're Not but it But you're promoting it. Right? That's not pumping. No pumping literally is you're putting money up. Okay. So you're putting money to elevate the price. It Has to be seen. There has to be something right to look at. Yeah. So So that's the question. So it all starts out with some real money. Yep. Right? Yeah. You gotta put something in on it. You can't just start off. You gotta have your money. How much money, How much ever You can put, How much does a coin like It all start?


It literally depends. That's it's over. I'm telling you this is over. It's not worth learning it now, But Jamie's funny. It's over. You know what that means? That means Jamie's stockpiling coins. No, I'm literals trying to bring down the, I'm trying to tell you. Don't you feel it? He's Trying get the ups. He's trying to bring down the price. If I was that says that's know how this game Works. I know. Literally The opposite of how it would work. If that's what I'm trying do You know, have to lie to us. We love you. Alright, I see. I seen you get high with Elon Musk on here. He hit the joint and it's like Allegedly He hit the Allegedly. Allegedly. Yeah. Allegedly. I like that He got trouble for that. I, because He has top secret clearance. Yeah, I figured he was. That Was, think about that. We can't show that on YouTube anymore. YouTube is, YouTube is not liking the smoke. Right. YouTube is taking some, some precautions Protecting people from themselves.


Base smokes man. 56. This stuff that it's Legal in 50 states. Yes. I Don't even wanna ask how I just trust you. Bay smokes. Bay smokes make illegal. How's it Illegal in 50 states? I'm gonna ask how Bay smokes. Right? Bay smokes. You gotta explain us how I know how it's legal. How bay smokes got the paperwork. He figured it out. Well it all should be legal. I think he got hemp. He sell hemp as well. Oh, okay. So that was the key about it. To be able to get the clearance of 50 states based smokes. I don't know how the DEA feels about that, but I feel like we're just a few years away from it being completely legal. I know Kamala was saying that she wanted to make it legal if she got into office. Yeah. That's the best thing she ever said. Do you want some coffee? Yeah. I hope Trump does it too.


Yeah, that'd be cool. I really do. 'cause it's stupid. Thank you brother. It's, I mean if you don't wanna smoke pot, don't smoke pot. If you don't wanna drink whiskey, don't drink whiskey. She had a choice. Yeah. Just give people choice. Don't and don't tell me it's all bad for you. Stop. You don't know. Yeah. You don't know. You obviously don't smoke weed. Shut your mouth. You dig. It's gonna make you lazy and ruin the children. No, no. You have lazy kids. You get kids high. They get paranoid. When they get paranoid. They work harder. Oh, I Gotta shit start getting, Yeah, you start picturing yourself old in your deathbed. Like, what did I do? You like, oh my God, I gotta get to Work. Gotta get you going. Sometimes a little paranoia is good for you. Yeah. You that I like It. Need that. I gonna put that fire in you to get, go get going.


Mm. Yeah. Comfort is the worst poison that a man can consume. Yeah. Don't seek comfort. No, no, no, no, no. Commit to be the difference. Yeah. You can enjoy comfort when you earn it. You know, long day's work. You want to come home, sit in front of the television, watch a little Netflix, have a good time. Have a nice meal at a restaurant. Yeah. Yeah. You earned that. But don't think that's what you want outta life. Yeah. I just want to retire and drink. Jordan Peterson talked about this. He said, what's your vision of retirement? I was like, is your vision of retirement sitting on the beach drinking margaritas? Like how long do you think you can do that for? Maybe a day. Yeah. Two days a week. Two weeks. Life is always Gone and then you're gonna be depressed.


Yeah. You have no purpose in life. Yeah. I think the problem really is that a lot of people don't have any purpose while they're working. Like a lot of people aren't fortunate to pursue a career in football and to be, you know, a podcaster or something. They enjoy, they're doing something that sucks. So they can't wait until they don't have to do the thing that sucks. And they think, oh, I could just be free just to lay around and do nothing. Like, man, you better find something to do. Life's always, you better go play golf. Life's always about being driven. The moment you think is you can stop and just not do nothing, then yeah, you going be stopped. You gotta keep Going. Exactly. Yeah. That's what I tell all my friends that start getting successful. Yeah. You know, people are like, oh you made it, You can relax now.


I go listen to me. There is no made it. That is made it when you're done. There's no, there's no made it made. It is not real. It is just life. Exactly. Made it. You're Living life. You're successful. Good. That means you have an obligation to work harder to keep it rolling. Yeah. Hold up. That's standard. You gotta stand it to it. You gotta keep Going. You gotta push it harder now. But there's no made it, there's no fucking no holding hands and walking out into the sunset. That, that's just a mentality for people who in that content, me just wanting to be content in regardless of everything's done. Right. You know? Yes. They want to get off work. Exactly. That's what it is. They wanna get off work, relax. They Wanna go do some on they own time. Yeah. Because Most people are not really living, they're just surviving.


Yeah. They're just, just Existing doing what they have to do. Yeah. And the only time they feel like they're living is they're hanging out with their friends. Yeah. Having fun. Relax. But you can't do that professionally. So you, you gotta find something. You gotta find something you enjoy as much as your hobbies. Figure out how to do that. You gotta live life. You know? I mean healthy. Yeah. Exercise what you eat. Yeah. You know What I mean? Yes. When you first started posting wild shit on Twitter, did, did anybody ever call you and go, Hey man, you gotta, Of course everyone, they was like, bro, what the fuck? They're like calling my phone like, bro, you idiot. You calling people crackers now. What the fuck is wrong with you? I'm like, bro, it's, it's an uncomfortable sense of humor for comedy, bro. Well, Cracker is the most benign of all insults.


That doesn't work at all. That's What I'm saying. It's like everyone love crackers. One's upset, crackers, Cheez-Its, yeah, No one's Upset. I just feel like when they first started, when I first started, they're like, what the hell is you doing? Yeah. Or faggot at day. They're like, whoa. Yeah. You know what I mean? But I was like, you know what, it's not meant to like, it's meant to bring people up to say like, yo, we could have a funny moment. Like for Fun. Yeah. Yeah. Fun. Yeah. Enjoy Yourself man. Enjoy yourself. Yeah. We, we need a lot more of that. Yeah. And but I think, You know, we were conditioned because of the way the old Twitter worked to be very careful of what you said. Cautious. Very cautious of what you said. And also there was real consequences.


Yeah. You wouldn't just get banned from Twitter. You might get banned from Facebook and everything else as well. And then get labeled a dangerous person. A hundred percent. I remember when one of my football friends Rashard Minha back in the days he tweeted, it was like 2012. He tweeted about like nine 11 when he was playing. And I remember right away they had like the feds calling his phone newspaper. It was, it was crazy. What Did he say? He just like, I don't think we should be celebrating the death. I think the death of Osama bin Lain, I think we was for the nine 11 attack I think in 2012. I think he must, we just killed him. America just had killed him.


So I feel like he tweeted something And it was like back, that's when, back when, when Twitter was like you was limiting with what You can say. That was a prime example of, you know. And did they attack him? Yeah. Attacked him all over the news. I think that was his last year with the distillers. Really? Literally they got rid of him because of a tweet. Yeah. God damn. What did he say? Did you find out what he said? James Rashad Minha said a nine 11 to Rashad Minha. Man that, that's my brother. Yeah. The, that was a dangerous time to say controversial shit. You'd lose your whole career and you couldn't get it back. Yeah. Yeah. It'll be Over. You couldn't get it back back then.


I mean, it was, wouldn't get it back. There was no, nobody rebounded from those days. Like there was people that had like big public personas and then they kind of got removed from the conversation and even when they got B brought back years later, they were so devastated by it Out of it. Yeah. So Yeah. Traumatized. They had CT by that time. Like legit. Yeah. Their trauma. Like you, you're legitimately worried. So what does he say? Men halls post day after Bin Laden news broke, said, what kind of person celebrates death? It's amazing how people can hate a man. They have never heard speak. We only heard one side. He also tweeted September 11 attacks. We never know what really happened. I just have a hard time believing a plane could take a skyscraper down demolition style.


The latter post is eventually removed by Mendel Hall's Twitter page. Wendy's offering was a different story. I appreciate those who've decided to read this letter. Attain a greater understanding of my recent Twitter posts. See, have gotten misconstrued. And I wanted to use this outlet as a way to clear up things that do not truthfully represent myself. What I stand for personally and any organization that I'm a part of. First I want people to understand I'm not in support of Bin Laden or against the USA. I understand how devastating nine 11 was to this country and to the people whose families were affected. Not just in the USA, but families all over the world who had relatives in the World Trade Center. My heart goes out to the troops who fight for our freedoms every day, not being certain if they will have the opportunity to return home. And the families who watch their loved ones bravely Gopuff to war.


Last year I was grateful enough to have the opportunity to travel overseas, to participate in football camp and put on for the children of US troops, sanctions in Germany. It was a special experience. These events had a significant impact in my life. Oh. Point out the celebrates death tweet. This controversial statement was something I said in response to the amount of joy I saw in the event of murder. I don't believe this is an issue of politics or American pride, but one of religion, morality, and human ethics. See that's the problem with tweets because you're writing something, it's 120 characters back then And it was in space. Space and it's just not, You know, a complicated issue. Like that thing like maybe we shouldn't be celebrating death.


Maybe we shouldn't be celebrating murder. Exactly. You know? You know, maybe we should, instead of like having joy and and cheering, maybe we should wonder how that guy got into the position he's in in the first place. Like what happened if you know the whole history of Osama bin Laden? It's kind of fucking crazy because he worked for us. He was the head of the mujahideen. Yeah. Yeah. And we trained them the CIA trained them to fight against the Soviets. Wow. And you know, we, we fucking armed those people. Supplied 'em, got 'em going and then they, you know, after a while they're like, fuck these people. They turn on America and instead of being our ally, they were our worst enemy. What you doing over there? Snapchat? What's going on? No, I was just texting Myself.


You don't Snapchat dude. No, I don't be Snapchat. No. The kids Snapchat. My, my kids don't even text. They just snap their friends Snapchat. They're in the middle of the movie theater or something. They'll just like take a weird face, send it to their friends. I'm like, what are you doing? This is a weird way to communicate Snapchat just got All the filters of the face. You can just make a cradle with the text. Kids Are just all in addicted to Snapchat. Yeah, I was just texting my son. You know another thing that's weird too is they all have a snap map so they know where they all are and See where you at All the time They're like, oh, she's with him. That fucking bitch. You know, You see, you see where all your friends are. Yeah. You like you got a map of all your friends that you let you holly Out with everyone else. Yeah. It's weird man. They're all little surveillance experts Standing on the map.


Yeah. They're all little narcs. They're all naing on each other. But the crazy thing is they give it up to each other. They all like, you have to, if you have friends, you have to let your friends know where you are on the snap map. That's right. And if you block it, like if you block Em temporarily, where, what is do they the hell you at? Where do you go? What is he up to You off the grid. He's off the grid. What did this motherfucker, what is he doing? The hell's going on? Yeah. Man. Kids today, they don't have any fucking privacy. Nah, nah. Everything is exposed. Everything's exposed. Yeah. What year were you born? 88. 1988. Okay. So by the time you were 20 years old, phones were just starting to arrive.


Right? Like 90, almost Pumping. Yeah. The psych You arrived. Flip phone next. Remember the sidekick? Yeah. Flip it over. I was so jealous. Like, wow, You got a keyboard. Need that. Yeah, it was amazing. That's Crazy. You got a little keyboard. That was, and then people's sidekicks were getting hacked. Remember Paris Hilton, some pussy photos got out I believe. Yeah. I mean she had design vagina. Maybe she just had a pretty one. Yeah, some girls are just born with a pretty one. It's crazy. But some girls do get designer vaginas, which is like, ladies, you don't have to do that. Yeah, you can. Don't do that. We don't care what it looks like. Yeah. Like I don't mind a little chaos down there. I don't mind a little Harry Potter. Yeah, You don't have to. You Don't have to.


I hit it with my wand still. You'd have to trim it up. Make it look like the perfect wanton. That's not necessary. If it's hairy, then that means it's not really being spanked a lot. I don't know if that's true. There's a lot of hairy ladies with loose morals. Damn. Yeah. I thought a hairy pussy is not a busy pussy. It depends on what she's doing with it. She might just let it a wild lady because nobody getting it. Maybe. Maybe She cleaned it off. That means she's getting ready to give it. But you imagine, I guess dudes do get dick operations. Right. 'cause they get circumcised. Yeah. That's a dick look Operation. I thought I'm, it must be a shortage of Dick. I heard how much pussy I'm getting. Well that's always the story is that 80% of the women are dating 20% of the men.


That's, that's the real story of life. That's ratio. Huh? That's the reality. 80% of the women are attracted to and are dating, or excuse me. Yeah. 80% of the women are attracted to and are dating 20% of the men always. Wow. So that's why there's so many incel in this worlds. Too many ratios. So many dudes just jerking off and playing video games. 'cause nobody wants 'em. Yes. And that's a self-fulfilling prophecy because if you keep jerking off and playing video games, pressure, you're never gonna succeed in life. Yeah. Pressure. So no one's ever gonna look at you like, Hmm. You never gonna get the opportunity. Yeah, exactly. Damn, I'm glad I'm not self Bored in this era. Yeah. You Is a terrifying era to navigate. For kids. It was really bad. Also the ability to just send a dick picture when you're 15.


That's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. You can just pop it Out. Yeah. That's not, yes. That's too much responsibility. Yeah. For a young man that's giving a young man a nuclear weapon. Like he's, he's, he can't handle that. Yeah. That's, That's It's too much movie. That's way too much. Yeah. Way too much. That's way too much. And then they all got porn now, which is, yeah. Even crazier. It's Too, too available nowadays. Too much at the finger at these kids. Yeah. Instantaneously. Not just porn, but murder man. Me and my friend Tom sra. Do you know Tom sra? I Heard of his name. He's hilarious. You need to do his show. He would, he would have you on. I know. Yeah. Your mom's house. It's a great podcast. It's a huge podcast. But he and I send each other every day.


The worst shit we could find on the internet. Wow. The worst shit that comes across, across my Instagram feed. I send it to Tom. It's every day. It's someone getting murdered. The worst shit outta the day. Some craziness on there. Right. It's always some shit like, wow. Oh, and it's not one time a day either. It's All day. It's Like multiple times a day where it's traumatizing each other. It's like, What the hell is this? Today was a dude who crashed his motorcycle right into a gas truck. This dude just rode his motorcycle. The the, the bike explodes. Catches on fire The tank explodes. The dude gets cooked. Damn. Yeah. He just went fried Turkey on the middle of the street. One day he's riding his motorcycle and joined Freedom. And then a second later, boom.


I've seen every horrible video that's on the internet. Every one of 'em. That's crazy. That's, that's fucking ludicrous. The internet is undefeated, but it is our shit. Like we run the internet. Yes. It's, it's, it's open. Yeah. That's the beautiful thing. Like you get these memes. I don't even know who's making them. And they're hilarious and they're just coming. Someone's texting them to you and Like, All the time I seen one, I was like, I can, I seen one today. I posted And it was like the wrestling guy has said no condoms. And then Elon Musk. I was like, I don't like calm Aida. So I could have put my name in shit. Yeah. Elon Musk goes, how many kids now that we know of?


Yeah. I ain't knew he was getting so much pussy. I thought Elon Musk was a calm guy. I wouldn't say he's calm. I mean, I think it's going back to like the Kanye Ferrari engine analogy. It's the same kind of thing. Yeah. It's just in a different realm. That's what he is with. Like rocket science and Yeah. Car design and Space. Satellites. Spaceship and the pussy. Exactly. Also like when you are literally the richest man in the world. Like How it just, just come to you. Right. What Are his dms like? His Dms just dm. Jumping out the gym. Huh? Bullet ofties. His Dms must be Full of Bitties. Huh? Back shots everywhere. Oh, everything. Everything. Squats And Yeah. His DM fingers and Yeah.


Sucking on bananas. It's like his, his dms must Be wild. He's got a movie theaters in his dm. There's girls Just thinking like, what's the move, what's the right thing to send him? You know Sean Kingston, my guy loves you. No, he's calling. Right. He never met Sean Kingston. He's calling me right now 'cause he loves you. Tell Him. So what's up? Yo, Sean. What's up Sean? What's up brother? What's going on my man? How you doing? I mean, I'm a huge fan man. We gotta do an interview man. That's my brother. You got up there man. Antonio Brown is my brother, man. He love you. All right man. Well cool. That sounds great. I love him Man. I would love to go up there. What's up? Hey Bizzo. What's up baby? We're here with Joe right now. We're live right now. You live right now, Sean?


Yeah. Shout out to Joe Rogan. The best motherfucking podcast. Can I curse? I Dunno if Yeah. You allowed. You're allowed. It's the best podcast. I go to sleep watching this. This man talk. So many. This man got knowledge of a man. Listen, Joe is The best. Thank you sir. Appreciate you man. Thank you very much. Thank you. Love Brother. Love you brother. After bro, brother call you out. The brother. Yeah, they, they're excited. Everyone's excited I'm here. Even Theo V told me to play some trick. Daddy. Oh, Okay. Everyone loves you Joe. Theo's the best. Theo's the man too. I love that Dude. Yeah, he's the best. He's so unique. Yeah, he's different. I don't know anybody like him. Be cool, Calm. Yeah. Got the the mullet going. He's fighting. Yeah. And just the way he talks, like he's so ridiculous. He funny. Yeah. He got the country.


Country Stuff. Theo and I went to dinner the other night and we're sitting at the, the table eating dinner for a hour and a half. We're just nonstop crying, laughing, just crying, laughing at the end of it. Like my sides hurt when we got out from the table. I was like, oh my God. That was so much fun. It was. So having friends like that is the best. 'cause like everywhere you go it's like you have personal show's. A good moment. Yeah. He's always entertaining. Yeah. We just always fucking around and having fun. What About Shane Gillis? He's the hell. He's the best. He's The Best, right? He's the best. He's hilarious. Yeah. We were just hanging out Tuesday night. Yeah. Yeah. Shane's awesome. He loves you too. Yeah. That's my heart, man. Yeah. All my comedian friends love you. They're all sharing your shit All the time. Yeah. I love those guy. Yeah. He was excited when he got Cracker of the year too. Yeah.


He's amazing. He's killing it too. He is. He's killing it. He's so funny, man. Yeah. And he's such a good guy. Like he's such a, so Genuine sweetheart. You see genuine. You can just see by I smile, prayer heart. A hundred percent. Yeah. Pure Heart guy. Just sweetheart of a guy. And you know, I'm just glad there's more people like that in the world, you know? Yeah. We need more people like that. Like him. Yeah. In the world. That's just, You know, pure doing what they love. Giving back comedy, making people light up. Yeah. Yeah. We need that. And, and spreading fun. Yeah. Again, back to the same thing that you do. Fun. Yeah. Fun. See there's people who enjoy theirself again, you know, this natural selves make the uncomfortable a little comfortable. A little fun. Yeah.


Yeah. Well, especially in today's era of everybody. We're getting past the days where everything was like tight and everybody was going crazy. And I think things are lightening up and thank thanks to Elon buying X. That had a huge impact because I think people realize that it wasn't just them that was thinking things had gone too far. It was most people, but they didn't have a way to express themselves. 'cause if they said it, they got attacked. Yeah. No one wanted to ruin what they built up for a couple seconds And what they said. You know? Exactly. I mean, it takes so long to bill your shit. Yeah. Like we just showed. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Exactly. You lose everything. Lose everything for one moment. Yeah. So you're sitting there, maybe you got a couple of drinks in you.


Yeah. And you're like, you know, I gotta fucking say something. Yeah. Like someone needs to be there to grab your hand. Like don't, yeah. Yo, calm that shit down. Don't, don't ruin everything. We built This. Don't do it. Don't Do it. Don't take yourself out the game. But I think now if you do that, people go, yeah, I'm glad you said that 'cause I was thinking the same thing. Yeah, exactly. Like now it's different 'cause people feel like they can express themselves. Yeah. Which is the real danger of censorship. Even if you don't agree with what someone is saying, you gotta let them say it. Because if you don't, someone's gonna limit what you say. And that's just the nature of free speech. Exactly. I feel like we all have the right to own opinion. No. No matter if it's right or wrong. It's your Opinion. Yes. We 100%. Yeah. Look, you don't have to go to your Twitter page, you don't have to go to my Twitter page.


You don't have to listen to this podcast. Your option. Your option. It's, It's your option. But you should have that option. Yes. And you should have the option to express yourself. You should also have the option to say things. And if you think that it was misconstrued, do what he did and lay it all out detail. This is how I really feel. This is my, my actual feelings. And I feel like if you read that, he should have been completely forgiven the idea that they traded him after that. Yeah. That's disgusting. Because that's also censorship. Because now you're encouraging other people to keep their mouth shut. Exactly. Showing 'em the rules of what is going, the aftermath of what's gonna come if you do that 100%. So it's grateful that we in better times and things getting better.


Yeah. People able to express they self more on, on the xap and thanks Elon Musk has given us, given us that good. You know? Yeah. I think we're Freedom of speech. I think the country's moving in a good direction. As long as we can avoid this fucking war. As long as we could avoid war and war with China and war with Russia and everybody else, if we could just avoid that, I think we're gonna be okay. We just gotta make it through with some weird shit. Yes. And UFOs. And UFOs you saw as UFOs. Yeah. Man, they're everywhere. I, I dunno what to think. Some days I think they're all, they're we're being visited and some things. Some days I think it's All the government. It's all bullshit. Yeah. It's all drones. Some tech, maybe some, What do you think it is?


Maybe, maybe we need to just call the men in black. See, See if they know. The men in black I think are real. I think that's government agents that come visit you after you've had some sort of an experience. Maybe. I think that's what it is. I mean, there's always been these stories of men in black coming to visit people after they've had encounters. Yeah. I mean, it makes sense if you're yapping about some shit. Especially if it's actually some government shit that they're working on. And then, you know, some two men in suits come up and when you see two men show up in a Cadillac in suits, you automatically assume they're serious people. Some serious suit. They get out with black suits, black ties, and they look at you and they tell you, Hey Antonio, we'd like to talk to you about your encounter.


And then you're like, oh shit, I'm in trouble. You know What these, And then they're, they're doing some hypnosis on you and some mind control shit, you know, and talk, bringing you in a room and then you leave. You don't know what the fuck happened. What happened. Antonio got visited by the men in black. That's what I think the men in black is. I think it's government agents, investigators. Well men agents, investigators coming through. You gotta be. Or if there's like a legitimate UFO sighting, like something legitimately that the government doesn't know what the fuck it is. I think then also they would send people who were authority figures what better authority figure than a man in a suit. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Random as fuck. Yeah. Will Smith men in black wearing a suit? I don't think they really can erase your memory.


I don't think they go boop. I just take mine memory. Don't think they can Do that. But I do think that they probably use mind control on you. They probably hypnotize you. They Probably Sure. Manipulate the way you think. Especially if you're under stress. Yeah. If you're nervous, like you think you could be in trouble. Yeah. Like something's going on. It gets you out. Yeah. I remember Tony Robbins kind of did that to me one time. He did it to you. Yeah. You know Tony, Rob, what did he do? He Did. That kind of hypno me a little bit. Really? Yeah. How did he do it? He gotta like, just sink some stuff in my spirit. Just like, yo ab, go win the Super Bowl. See yourself like this. Oh really? Yeah. Tony Robbins really amazing. I met him through Tom Brady. Oh really? Right in book All the time. Does does Tom Brady use 'em too?


Yeah. So it like, does like mind coaching for you? Yeah, I was, I put you right to sleep everything. Really? Yeah. So what, how does it explain it to me? Like lay it out. How does It go out? It's kind of like, you know what I mean? Close your eyes. You just steal a lot of stuff and just bringing in this kind of, putting in your spirit. You know Tony Robbins right there? Sure. The famous Bro. I've read his books. Yeah. He, he, when I was 21 years old in 1988, I was reading his book. That was amazing. When I was trying to like figure out how to make it in comedy. I got a, it was like a, A cassette thing. Yeah. Like you have a bunch of cassettes and there's like, each one has like work books that you're supposed to like fill out stuff and goals and all these different things.


It's, he's got like legit, nah, he's legit. Great information. Yeah. I went and seen him in Boca Raton maybe like 2020, right before I got with Tampa Bay. He was like, yo, you gonna win the Super Bowl, man, you going gonna make a big catch. See yourself. Really just lock it in my spirit. Just like, it's pretty cool, man. Shout out to Tony Robbins for doing That. I think there's something to that. Yeah. He got a real good manifestation and just Yeah. Downloading the program in your body just for just seeing yourself at that place. Like it was another level. I think that shit works. Nah, I think there's limitations to it. I don't think you can take like a sloppy accountant and say you're gonna beat Mike Tyson. Like, you know, you know what I'm saying?


Yeah. You can't just do that shit. You can, it don't work like that. It doesn't work like that. But, but I think if you are already talented and you are already in the game and you, you could, you could put some things in your mind and you can, you can make some things happen. Yeah. I think there's a little bit of something to that. Yeah. But it's not everything. It's like, that's why not everything. Did you ever see that movie The Secret? Of course. That's a nice book too. Yeah. Yeah. So The Secret I think, Think it's about some of those things, right? It's about one aspect of it, but they concentrate too much on the one aspect. Yeah. The one aspect is the visualization, which I think is an aspect, like imagining speaking it into being, that's one aspect.


Yes. But there's a lot of other shit Too. A lot of aspects. Yeah. There's talent, there's hard work. Yeah. There's good coaching. There's discipline. There's discipline. Discipline is probably the most important. Top point. Yeah. The most important As a football player. You must've felt like that. Right? Of course. Of course. Discipline is the way you emanate success. Yes. You go there on the road trips and you messing with girls and Get Not getting sleep. Yeah. Not getting sleep, not eating the right foods. Exactly. Yep. Yep. Not, not making your workouts and hitting those. Yep, yep. Yeah. Studying that film discipline the most important. It's So important for everything in life. Yeah. So like to think that the secret is the only thing, you just have to think around and visualize it. Like Uhuh, It's not the only thing.


No. It's, it's an aspect that I think is real. Yeah. But the problem is people put so much emphasis on it that it becomes bullshit. It becomes like woo woo. They, they don't think it's real, but it is. It is an aspect. You know, Mike Tyson used to get hypnotized. Gotta hypnotize yourself. I feel like it just make your vision a part of your spirit. Mm. Anytime you, You know, 'cause I feel like you can write stuff down. Write a affirmations. Affirmations. You can set goals, but to meditate on 'em and make 'em a part of your spirit, like Yeah. It's different. Yeah. To deeply think about them. Embed them in your consciousness. Yeah. Yeah. Make them make 'em a part of you. Yeah.


And then do All the work that's required Yourself and then do little things. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta do all that shit too as so that it can manifest Everything. Come together. Yeah. So that it can happen. Yeah. And even then it might not happen. Yeah. Like you might not have done it. Right. You maybe need more work. You gotta put it all together Again. Yeah. Maybe you need more discipline. Yeah. Maybe you need more hard work. Maybe you need better coaching. But it's, it's an aspect of success in life, you know? And I think with everything, with being a good parent, with being a good father, with being a good husband, with being a good friend, with being a good employee, a good boss. Like with everything, like everything you do, you have to like have a mindset of what you're trying to accomplish.


Absolutely. Yeah. A vision. And you gotta make it a party. Not just writing down. Yeah. Just making every aspect, every step. If you're gonna have successful part of you. How many times did you do that with Tony Robbins? I did it like three times. Yeah. Yeah. Well, So I did his house in Boca over time. Did The first time freak you out? 'cause the first time was probably the weirdest one. Right? The First time I was a little weird. But then when I, like, then when I went to sleep and woke up, I'm like, dang, I feel refreshed. Like I feel like, you know what I'm saying? I feel like Right. I got some new feelings in myself. 'cause I feel at that point I was going through stuff in the NFL and I was kind of like, was pissed off. 'cause I kind of knew like, man, these guys could just get you at your spot whenever you want.


But it, it was like, it was just like, I finally realized that, you know what, it's not even about me being right in a situation. It's about just being happy. Like what made me happy in a situation instead of just focusing on man, I'm right. Man. They did this. I was right. Right. Man, just let it go and be happy. Well, for a player, the best revenge is to be undeniable. Yes. Right. People could talk all that shit. Yeah. But when you're undeniable, they gotta give it up to you. They Gotta deal With it. They gotta give it up. That's the best revenge. Exactly. Always. And I think that's probably the case in everything in life. Yeah. Is to be undeniable. If you're undeniable, everybody's gotta shut the Fuck up. They Yeah. Yeah. They all gotta shut the fuck up.


And if they don't shut the fuck up, they look foolish. Yeah. Now they're like idiots. Yeah. Foolish. They're foolish like a fool. Yeah. Yeah. You just talker for no reason. Right. Because you know what happens. Exactly. You know, you's Just a hater right now. Oh, there's So many haters. Yeah. There's so many haters. You gotta love your ops. Yeah. I feel like haters make you, you know, go harder. They make you work harder. Yeah. They make, they do, they bring the best outta you. Oh yeah, they do. Haters are good. Fat shaming works. Yeah. All that stuff. Like haters like that. The, the, the anger. That jealousy mean shit like that motivates people. Yeah. It's always reciprocate. Never do Me Too much. You just don't want too much. Yeah. You know, it's like, like Overkill, but just a little ta bit. If You get a little bit of snake venom every day you get uni snake venom. Yeah. Yeah. But if you get a big dose, it'll fucking kill you.


Yeah. Take you out the game. Yeah. Don't be like reading all your hate all day long. Yeah. Yeah. That's not good for you either. But a little, a few haters Motivation to Lets you know you're on the right track. Yeah. Let you know you trajectory. Yeah. You want, you want a few haters. If you don't have haters, it means you're not doing good enough to get haters. Yeah. Yeah. I mean you, Everybody who's doing great gets haters. Some haters are hilarious though. Some haters are so dumb. It's like, you wonder if they have real people. Like for fighters it's my favorite. Like, oh, he's a pussy. Like what? What are you talking about? That man is literally a professional fighter and you're calling him a pussy. That's one of the craziest things I've ever heard. Every fighter thinks every, every other fighter's a pussy.


They do. Yeah. Like every sy They're bitches. Yeah. Well that's the thing about alpha males, they think they're the only one that's an alpha male. Yeah. They don't think there's someone out there Exactly like them. Like them. Exactly. And maybe a little faster, maybe a little stronger. Maybe Balls a little Bigger. Yeah. Maybe something little More testosterone. Yeah. Maybe a hands a little bigger. Jaws a little wider. See that little edge. A Little edge. Little edge That allows them to survive the firefight. Yeah. Yeah. How much UFC do you watch? I watch UFC every Saturday. Do You really? I love Bone Jones. I love fighting. I feel like if I wasn't a player, I probably would've gotten into some sort of fighting. Yeah. Yeah. Did You ever do any martial arts at all?


No. When I was little my mom signed me up for karate. Yeah. Do a little jujitsu. Oh cool. Okay. Yeah. But never like real got serious with it. Nah. A couple of Just might be a fun hobby for you. Yeah. I like training and working out with a grappling wrestling Jujitsu is what I meant. Because that way you don't get hit. Yeah. Like I stopped sparring when I was like 27. Yeah. Hits to the heads right. Is over. It's just you. They count. Yeah. Hits to the Heads. Add Up counts. They all count All those little, All those little, little dinks. Huh? All Those little, they all count bang. They all count. Yeah. It all like, Shit's gonna adding up. It all adds up to some weird brain shit where it doesn't quite work.


Right. But this weekend's a big one. Man, Pereira and Lia. That's A big, yeah. Pll been kicking ass too. He lost the last one though, right? He's ready to bounce Back. No, no. He won. Won. The last time he lost was against Israel. Sja. That was four Fights. Asya began his ass with a little bit. Right. He been fighting too much. He fight like back to back to back. Well he took a lot of time off. But You know, he lost to Ovv, who's very, very good. Yeah. And he lost to Dreas. Duy. He was the champion before that. But he was winning that fight. But he got caught and then he got strangled. You know? I mean, it's, it's hard to stay on top man. Yeah. It's hard to stay on top. And, and when he was in his prime, when he was dominating the division, he was the fucking man.


He was going Crazy. He, he's, it's not like he's lost his skills, man. It's just, this is a tough fucking sport. It's Tough sport, huh? It's a tough fucking sport. And the sport does not rest. The sport keeps Evolving. Not everybody's Coming. They, they, these guys coming up every year. They're better. Everybody's coming every year. They're more complete. There's no like one dimensional fighters anymore. They can all do everything. All these guys could just freaking bang out. They could do everything. The best guys today are all, they're all super multifaceted. They all can do everything. But then you have guys like, like Pereira, who's really a specialist's. A kickboxing specialist. Yeah. He's Fired. Do you ever watch him Kickbox? Nah, it's crazy.


I was a giant fan of his before he ever got to the UFCI was telling everybody about him. Like, if this guy gets to MMA, we got fucking problems. Shit Up. He got problems. That guy, he just has to touch you once Shit's going down. He's, He's so different than anybody else in the division. Like, he knocks everybody out. Everybody hits hard. They all hit hard but he Shit down. But that fucking Dude hits hard, hard, hard, hard. You know they have that punch machine. Oh yeah. You Can see the power. What's his power? 190. Oh shit. Francis Nu had like one 30. Oh yeah. He got punch power. He's Got more power than he's putting shit down than, that's crazy. I mean, I can't even believe, I wanna give Francis a second chance at it. I feel like he wasn't swinging hard enough.


If, if he, I feel like if he knows the RA got one night, right? He was going a Little hard. He's so much bigger. I mean, Francis is like two 70 natural, 270 pounds natural Fucking hog walking. Yeah. Just giant, massive, crazy. And if I feel like he could probably punch harder than, than he did. I feel like if he knew that Pereira was gonna break that record, give him a second crack At it. He probably go a little harder. He probably punch it a little more hip action. Yeah. A lot more. Yeah. Just fucking ar You know. But right now I think Pereira has the hardest. See if you can find that video. It's crazy to watch. 'cause he, he even does it with his right hand, which is not his power punch. And it still, His power Punches his left hook. His left hook is what he knocks out everybody with.


But it might be that his left hook is faster and it's a better weapon because it's in the front and his right hand is more powerful. But he just doesn't land it as often that way. Did you find it? It's crazy. Just you hear the thud. Put your headphones on real quick. Listen to this. Oh, I'm not There yet. Oh, you didn't get it yet? Okay. You got it. There was someone else talking about it There. It's okay. Here we go. Put him on Now. It's up there. What do you mean? It's x.com Full video retry. Yeah, it's not there. Oh, it disappeared. Yeah.


Somebody took, here it is. That's not, it's, That's not it. Just a picture. Oh. But the, the video's gotta be on there. I just, I Yeah, hold On. Gimme a second. Okay. Okay. Is that it? Yeah. Here it is. Okay. Gimme some volume. Oh. Oh My god. 1 91. Watch this. Check this out. Oh. Oh my gosh, Bro. Bro, that's so Right hook. You Have to understand how crazy that is. That's, that's an insane amount of power. The hardest I've ever Kicked it. You can hit that. You going Now? Yeah. The hardest I've ever kicked it with.


Legs kicks are way harder. The hardest I ever kicked. It was like 1 52 And he punching 1 70, 1 91 More than 1 91. 1 91 with a punch. It's insane. His Power's just, yeah, he's putting Shit down from God. It's, it's like a, it's a crazy gift. It's, it's different than everybody's power. Yeah. I never seen the kid he beat up the other guy. Sonja Ade Sonya. Yeah. He Pulled him down. Well he, he beat outta Sonja in the first fight. Ade Sonja knocked him out in the second fight in the UFC. And then they came back and beat Him. Right? No, they didn't fight again. The third one. One they never fought. A third time they fought before in kickboxing. They fought twice more twice before that in kickboxing.


One time Max Israel lost a decision that I think he should have won the second time. Pereira knocked him out. And then the third time Perra knocked him out in UFC. And then the fourth time Izzy knocked him out last. Yeah, That's when he did. That's when, when he did the fell with his son. Right. He acted like he fell with his son. Arrows out. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. He went crazy. He went crazy. Yeah. That was awesome. But that's a big fight this weekend. I'm, I'm pumped uncle. I is. Good man. That guy's really good. He's a fight night. How excited you get on Fight Night. Right? Very Excited. How old Have You ever been to One Live? I think I've been to one live in Florida. Bro. You should come this Weekend. Come on. Where is, is it Vegas? Come on, let's go. I'll hook it up. Come on. I'm going. I got tickets. I'm coming to Vegas Weekend.


Let's go. I got you hooked ups. I got you hooked up. That's it. Thanks Joe. Let's, I'll take care of it. I'll, I'll text U FFC as soon as we get outta here. Yeah, you'll love it. You'll love it. Live is like nothing else man. It's especially in Vegas. Oh, Vegas another Level. Oh yeah. I don't this think I've done a lot of USC and Vegas. The Vegas ones are always huge. And this is a big one. T-Mobile sold out. Oh shit. You know, world title fight, main event, light heavyweight title. I mean, and the Undercards banging. The undercards filled with fights like killer fights in the Undercard. There's like six or seven fights and I'm like, Ooh. Side to see down. Right. Oh yeah man. Yeah, Let's Go. Yeah. Fight Night in Vegas is amazing. And then they have slap fight.


Talk about C-T-E-S-P-N. Oh Yeah. The Slap fight is on Friday night. That should be on CT N. You should cover slap fight. I would love to cover stop fight. That is hilarious bro. They fighting on site. Yeah. This SmackDown Dudes are getting, That's the real SmackDown Knocked into another dimension with a slap. It's So crazy. Smack the Pakistani out. It's so crazy to watch. I just don't understand why people are signing up for that. Yeah. Smack him. Because the Thing about fighting is you are trying to not get hit. Yeah. Like if a punches are coming, you're trying to turn away. Trying hold up. You're trying to move, you're getting your head off center line.


If you're slapping, you're a hundred percent gonna get hit. Yeah. You just have to sit there and take it. Like You gotta keep that. Oh No. And every time full blast. Every time you're standing still. Yeah. He's just waiting on him to come. Yeah. That's hilarious. It's, it's so crazy. Dana White keeps trying to get me to come see it. I'm like, you gotta go see. I'll go's crazy. I'll go to one of these, but it's just so nuts. Nah, that smack is another level. Yeah. Yeah. Just get a smack slap knockout. I'm surprised like pro football players haven't signed up for that. Like after like some dudes just want to do something.


Yeah. Wild fellas that wanna do something Smack. Just go. Just go smack somebody. Yeah. Smack. The problem is that, that's crazy. I get what do you do you like flip a coin to see who gets to slap you First? You get the first slap Because that's somebody, that's the thing. Like somebody has to hit you first. That's a huge disadvantage. Yeah. Yeah. Because if you get slapped hard first Knocked out, you ain't gonna get the get back. Exactly. Yeah. I mean, I don't even know how it works. Like if, can you get really rocked and then they'll let you get slapped again? I feel like, Like if you get super rocked, like your legs give out now. You done barely get up. Are you done? If you go down, are you done? Yeah. You done. Yo you, what are the rules? Your slap ain't working for shit. Aren't You supposed to hold something in your hand?


30 seconds. You have 30 Seconds to shake back. That's A long time to recover. I mean, Something like that. Yeah. That's 30 seconds is a long time to recover. Yeah, that's, yeah. Oh, if you fall, there's like, yeah, there are rules but, oh, so if you get knocked down, it's over. Yeah. You smacked out What's next? Like when are we gonna have gladiator fights? Well, they already do that in other countries that people put on armor and fight with swords and shit. They kill Each other. They don't kill each other, but they beat the fuck out of each other with swords and shields and shit. One dude was beating this dude in the head with a shield. I was like, What going On? What are we doing? 60 seconds to Recover? You get a minute to recover like a timeout. See that's the good thing about MMA is that you don't get chances to recover.


So you don't get to get knocked out again. 'cause a lot of these times guys get dropped and then they get a standing aid count. Like in boxing that's particularly dangerous. You get a standing a count, they clean off your gloves. Are you okay? You're like, yeah, come forward. And then you, you're slowly getting your shit back together. But you're not back yet. You're still, Yeah, you're just fighting to get back. You still Out of it. You're still out of it. You're still walk and you're still like, you're ev You don't know what Exactly's going going on. He's just like, So what happened? And then more parts just boom, Boom. That kitchen sink hit you shit. Whereas in MMA, the fight would've already been stopped. Yeah. It'd been like, yeah, this guy is done. But then the other side of it is in boxing, guys go down, flash knocked down, get back up. They're okay.


They brush their gloves off and then they go back to fighting and they're all right. You know? Yeah. It's a Do you watch boxing At all? I love boxing. Did you see the Avante Davis Lamont Roach Fight? Yeah. That that was trash. Well I thought it was a good fight. You didn't think Great fight, but I just champion guy I taking a knee talking about greasing his hair. Yeah. That was crazy. I'm like, yo, how you just in middle of the fight, just go wipe your face. Also, here's the deal. If you take a knee, that's a, that's a, That's a knockdown. That's a knockdown. Subtract two, right? I didn't, You got hit with a jab. Yeah. You took a knee and Then you walked off. Exactly. That is a knockdown. Yeah. So I think they're reviewing that right now. Nah, that guy should have lost maybe. Well I feel like if they do review it and they do judge it as a knockdown, which was clearly a knockdown to everybody that show as a knockdown, you take a knee that's a knockdown.


If you walk off, I think they will probably give it to Lamont. This is a very interesting rule. They have a power slap that kind of talks about what you guys are just discussing. Okay. The promoter may, but is not obligated to incorporate the following rule For any event, for any specific category matches, such as title matches, a participant was the first defender in round one and did not elect such position. And B, there is a KO or TKO finish of such participant in round one. Then after the referee declares a finish, a clock of two minutes begins. During this time, the defender is given two minutes to recover and be examined by the supervising physician. If the supervising physician in consultation with the referee determines that the defender has established their fitness to continue and is without medical health risk for purposes of delivering one strike to the opposing participant within such two minute period and not receiving any further strikes as a defender, then the referee will announce the commencement of the redemption round and will instruct the striker to complete one permitted slap of their opponent.


If the return strike results in a KO or TKO finish of their opponent, the match is declared a draw. If the return strike has any other result, the match result stands. That's crazy. So You can get kd, you get finished, they give you two minutes to come back and if you can knock that guy out, then it's a draw. They Also haven't used the rule yet. So you go knock out for knockout cast. Boy, that rule looks like it's written by lawyers, doesn't it? Doesn't that rule look written by lawyers? So find out what's happening because I think they were gonna announce something today about Lamont Roach, Davante Davis decision on the knockdown. It was a very good fight though. Lamont Roach is very good. I was really impressed because Tank, he is nasty Tank is so fucking powerful.


He's so vicious. Like his, his one punch power at 1 35 is like nobody else is in the division. Like the, the way that he starches people is crazy. Exactly. He gets so much torque and power into his punches and he's so fast. He covers ground and bla his upper cuts. They're just fucking devastating. Yeah. So like for Lamont Roach, not just to survive, but you know, do Some damage. To do damage and put him On a knee, Basically bring it to a draw, which if they do change this because of that knee, it, it becomes a victory. That's, I want it, I think it should be a victory for him. And I think they should do a rematch.


A Hundred percent. It's everybody saw it. You can't get around what everybody saw. Look, it wasn't a legit knockdown. Like he hurt tank. Tank did have some shit in his eyes. But what are you doing? Putting shit in your hair when you have a world title fight that's crazy. And no one want to hear about it in the middle of a fight that no one cares if a fly fly by. Drop the ball bro. Right. Drop the damn ball. We don't care if a fly flew by your helmet or your eyes. Yeah. Nobody gives a fuck about that. Yeah. You, you can't be a championship fighter and taking a knee and putting on those type of performances. Also, What are they putting in his hair that when he's sweating is dripping into his eyes? Yeah. Like what is that shit? Yeah Bro, shave your head. That's no way. Right. Yeah, exactly. Shave you a Fucking head. Who cares?


I a pretty boy. You might go get this fight, get those fucking Braids outta there. You don't need those. Yeah, he's a good looking guy. He doesn't need all that crazy braids and shit. Yeah, it's, it makes it a rematch. Very exciting though. Yeah. And I think that's great for Avante because other than Shakur, who's the, the other, you know, major star. Yeah. And then L Chenko if he decides to fight again. But other than that there's not a lot of compelling Lot challenge the challenges out there For him. So now this Lamont Roach fight becomes like the most compelling fight in the division for him. That's be pretty cool. What, I don't know if this is the official response. This is wild. What is that? What This Is posted a, a day ago, I guess During the round in question, the following the commission's request for the replay video, there was a technical issue preventing the commission from receiving it within the allotted time to review.


Therefore the referee's in ring decision was relied upon and the fight continued. Yeah, I did see that. Oh, I thought that was what the rest decision, the instant replay. There was a technical issue when they went to the corner, like right after the knockdown. They tried to go to an instant replay and it wasn't available. And so they said, what do we do here? And the referee wanted to start the fight again. They let the referee start the fight again. I Thought this was saying they couldn't review this because of Yeah, I Have. Oh, you mean after? No, no, no. It was in the moment. Only in the moment. They sound Like they couldn't get a tape. So this No, you couldn't do that. That would be ridiculous. Well, we still can't find it. Sorry. That's it's, it's like Epstein's client list. Oh, okay. I'll find it. Looking for it. Trying to help guys. We're doing our best.


Yeah, no, they obviously everybody's seen it. We've all seen it online. I saw it during the fight. I didn't even know the fight was going on. My friend Jamar texted me, you watched this Davis fight? I'm like, oh shit, I forgot. And I caught it in the 12th round. Then I went back and watched the whole thing the next day. It was a amazing fight. Amazing fight was Amazing. It was a lot of energy. I feel like people all, I feel like people used to tank just knocking people out early in the round. So to see him go to the deep end, yeah. 12 rounds. Seeing that both of the guys was damaging each other and putting on the good fight was pretty, It was a very good Fight. The amazing fight. Very competitive fight for a guy who doesn't have competitive fights. Yes. Because CIA just steamrolls. He's undefeated. He's Knocking guys out. Steamrolls everybody.


And everybody's scared of him. Yeah. And Lamont was not scared of him. It's pretty easy. But they have fought in the amateurs before. I think they fought twice in the amateurs. But Lamont's a new star. That guy's super, super legit come up in the rank super legit and very skillful. Like the way, it wasn't just that like, you know, like Javonte didn't show up or Javonte wasn't at his best. No. Like Lamont. Lamont gave a fantastic fight. You know what I'm excited for, man, that's just how Terrance Crawford and Canelo, that's Oh that's gonna be a big one. That's The one's, That's a huge fight. That's the one, that's The one. A lot of people Think the Terrance is too small. He weighed, he weighed himself the other day. He was 185 pounds.


He just looked scrawny in the ring. He, he gets down down 1 40, 1 50, well One 50. He just won the 154 pound title. And you know, before that he fighting. He was fighting at Walter wait, which is 1 47. But it's not like he doesn't have time to like thicken up a little bit. And if he's walking around at 180 5, that means he probably cuts a considerable amount of weight to get down to 54. A hundred percent. But, and now, but I think he's getting thicker and he was deadlifting 450 pounds the other day. Like, you like Ds, I Think they're, they can fuck your back up. Them shit is trash bro. You do a deadlift, you just fucking your back up, You Can fuck your Back up. Yeah. Like it's no like, I don't know who made up do deadlifts. That's the worst shit you can ever power lifters do.


Like for what though? Like what is it? You never gonna do that motion and fight it And what is it supposed to make your back strong. It's supposed to make your overall chain strong. It's one of the best exercises to make your overall chain strong so Dry because you're picking up the bar, the, the bar off the ground like, and there's already gravity. Right. And a lot of stress on that lower back. Super stress on your lower back and knees. You got to the worst. You know Robert ob? Ob ob Robert Oberst, you know who he is? He's, he came in, he did the podcast once. He's a professional strong man. Like one of the biggest motherfuckers you ever see like a house just like this big, he's like, don't do dead Lifts. Never do dead lifts. It's gonna ruin your back, your knees, everything You hurt yourself.


Yeah. It's no position you gonna put yourself in fighting that gonna make you bend over like that. The, A lot of guys do 'em Though. It's the worst thing you can ever do. I've Heard people say that if you do 'em correctly, they could decompress your back. And I'm like, You could do a lot of more exercises for your back. But I'm like, explain how, explain how it can ever decompress Your back. You're back, you, you're pounding your back. You're picking up weights from the floor. No matter What you do as you're lifting, even if you're like fully extending and stretching your body forward. Yeah. It's nothing doing nothing. You're, you're training your back, you're Compressing your back when you have that enormous amount of weight. Yeah. There's no way You're not compressing your back. You Gotta compress your back. You What about lighter dead lifts? What about dead lifts? Just like for reps, I'm like dead lifts is trash man.


You want to leg exercise work your he screen glutes and dos cab races or something else. Do you Do Nordic curls? Do you ever do those? Nordic Curls is the best lift for your hip screens. Yeah. Oh yeah. The best. Yeah. Tremendous. For hamstrings. I just sl your hams right away. Yes. Yeah. You wanna work your leg and lower back. Do those Jack? The first time I did 'em I was like, what? I couldn't do one. Yeah. I was Like, this is crazy. I your hams screen right away. It's no cheat. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. No cheating. No cheating. All hamstrings, all hams. Such a great exercise just to develop strength around your knees too. Isolation. Yeah. Best isolation. Yeah. For him. So when you're in the NFL Yes. Like what is the strength and conditioning program like for a receiver? Like do they do, do they does, do they tailor your strength and conditioning routines depending upon what position you play?


Absolutely. Depending on So like for, for a guy like you, yes. You obviously have to stay fast. You Gotta be quick and twitchy. I feel like Twitchy And you gotta, yeah. Twitchy means you explosive to get out. Yeah. You gotta be, yeah. Elusive. You seeing your body movement. But you want to have a lot of strength too. Just enough. 'cause you're going to get hit pushed around in your shoulders and your legs and your glutes. So what kind of stuff did they have you do? So Me launches single launches explosive launches when you're driving up ham, screen curls, bench press, dumbbells, single arms, A lot of core rotations, you know what I mean? A lot of single leg calves, A lot of ankle work. Do they have, you do plys For sure. Plys, single leg jumps, two leg jumps, explosive, sideways, linear jumps.


And when they make a program for you, do they lay out like what the, the progress they're looking to achieve? Like how do they, how do they do like a program for a guy? Like you see The NFL usually they just really put, I mean it's, it's teammate up of 50 players, 60 players. So sometimes the weight room usually just have usually specific sheets that You know, guys follow with the training. But the more smarter you are, the more Intuit you are as a player individually. You know, you need to, for me the little things that may me the difference, like the working on little stuff like your arch, you may not think your arch is important muscle or how to work the arch. Arch of your foot. Yeah. Arch of your foot. Yeah. Really? Yeah.


You know, gripping the towels with your big toe, grabbing the towel, working the arch, making your big toe. Go over here 'cause your arch is, you know, super important. But being a receiver really Super important. I never thought about that. So you do like foot strengthening Exercises, strength, even your big toes. Explain You run in the game and your big toe just give out. Right. That happens to guys, right? Yeah. Turf Toe. Turf toe. Exactly. So it's like the little exercise that could emanate your feet from just being healthy. You know what I mean? Your arch, your big toe. 'cause that's the first thing that hit the ground. And guys don't really consider these things when they just wanna work the big me exercise muscles that you know. But it start from the ground up your feet and your arches and your big toe could be good and strong.


It's The first thing gonna hit. Nick. Nick Gerson's a a, a famous strength and conditioning guy in the MMA world. And that was what he told me. He said, foot strength is the number one flaw that a lot of people have. Exactly. 'cause they don't feel like that muscle or that need to be worked out. They think should. Yeah. You know, the big muscles. So it's all about the, the little stuff that emanate your success. Man, you a receiver, you know you're gonna have to get off the ball. You're gonna have to run and cut, stop. So the more important thing you can get rid of your feet, that's gonna be the first thing that hit the ground. So can you explain to me what you're doing with your toes and a towel? So let's say If it's a towel, like, you know when you run, you got the ball of your feet, right? The ball of your feet hit first. Right? And then you grip right ball of your feet, then you grip the Towel.


Right. Ball, feet hit then grip. So you working now arching you working on just the grip of your toes And do you, are you just holding the towel with your hands? Like how are you doing the towel? You put the towel On the ground. This is Oh, on the ground. Yeah. Just like that. Have you done this Jamie? Yeah. Do it All the time. You do it All the time. All day, right? Yeah. How come you never told me? Wow. Yeah, but this, This the best right there that work. Your arches of your feet. That little exercise right there, Joe. That make tremendous difference on your feet, bro. Wow. I'm gonna do that tomorrow. People know the differe. How many reps do you do? I Feel like you can go two minutes just burn out. I just do it. You just do it burn till you burn out. Yeah. You gonna feel a burn right away. Wow. And then does it suck to walk afterwards? No. I feel really good to walk.


You going to tell the difference between your feet right away. Wow. I jump rope. I feel like that's really good for your feet. Really good. Yeah. Yeah. But there's just the maintenance of your feet with just the low exercises. Yeah. That seems like a really smart one. Yeah. This is, this is physical therapy. One of the best exercises you can do to just What happens when you get too good at the towel. Do you move up to like a rug? Yeah. You go single leg now you go single leg. Oh, single leg on one leg grip. Oh yeah. Ooh. So like standing on one leg and grip. Yeah. And then so you're balancing and then gripping at the same time. Stacking. You stack it up. Ooh. And you take the balance. Ooh. To, you know what I mean? The grips to the balance. Oh, I like it. So now you active on it while gripping. All right. Ooh, I like it. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


It's all about your wheels, man. You know, when I just started incorporating into my workouts, like over the last few months that I never did before is rotational exercises. And I feel like an asshole. Right? I have a, a reoccurring thing that I got in my lower back that's like, I, I think it's really, it's a bunch of different things, but I think mostly it's tendonitis, it's mostly overuse. 'cause it would start to hurt and I would just ignore it and keep doing it. I got it from archery where it just started flaring up. 'cause it's like when I'm shooting the bow, the bow is 80 pounds to pull back and I do it 150 times a day. Damn. So that's like 150 rows. Yeah. With 80 pounds.


So that's a lot Of stress on Your back doing that All the time. My lower back and stabilizing it started to flare up and I'm an idiot. So I was like, don't be a pussy. Just, just put Power, just Keep going. Power through. Yeah. And in power through. And it got inflamed and it, and it's taken a few months for it to get better. But one of the best ways it got better was rotational exercises. You know, like with those, with those with the bar where you like Yeah. Twisted like that, those twi with cables. Like that's The best exercises. Oh, It's like, that's yeah. Movements. It, it, it works so well with athletics. Well for me with martial arts, it works so well and I'm like, why wasn't I doing that before?


Like I would just do linear stuff, like chin ups, pushups, dips, squat, squat squats, all that other basic shit. But when I started doing twisting things, I'm like, man, and then I feel like I have more power now with things. Arranging ability, right? Yes. I, I have more strength in my lower back. So for kicking, like it's everything in there is like that. The ability That whip right. That, that Ability to whip. And I'm like, why wasn't I doing this forever? Yeah. It's kind of crazy that it took me getting injured before I started doing it. That's how it always happened. You know? You know what my favorite one is? When you're sitting, like, I sit on a, a mat with my feet up in the air and then I take a 50 pound kettlebell and I keep and Rotate. Rotate. Sideways. Sideways. Rotate. Ooh. That's the one dude.


That's the one right there. That Is the one. Because when you do like, that is like, you just feel all that, you Feel all your rot rotaters. Yeah. And it warms everything up and it feel, it loosens it, it stretches it a little bit because when you get to here, you know, you're challenging your range of mobility. Yeah. And then you get to here and here And you know, it's like, and it's hard to do. So it's, your abs are firing, everything's working. Yeah. We gotta have everything activated. Man, you look good at your age. Thank You very much. Thank you. I try, I try. I'm trying to keep up, try to just keep it, keep it active, keep it going. Amazing. But all those different exercises are, are huge. And I, I ignored a lot of them. But that's the thing about getting injured. Sometimes you get injured and you go, okay, why did I get injured?


I need to do more preventative stuff. Yeah, yeah. Like you're doing with your feet. Yes. Like more of that. So when, when you do plyometric stuff, do they have, you do stuff on like balance balls and shit too? Of course. Balling, ball explosive launches. Maybe put a, the track, the track ladders. Oh yeah, yeah. You know, jumping over those is always a good one for player for explosion. Yes. You know what I mean? Yeah. Speed bands. When did, when did players start realizing that that's something to incorporate? Because I would imagine if you go back to the early days, they were probably doing regular weightlifting stuff. Right? Exactly. I feel like if you want to be explosive athlete, you gotta get an player if you want to be explosive.


Yeah. You know What I mean? Especially for if you are a wide receiver or a defensive bag, guys who gotta be athletic and jump high and, and attack the balls and do different stuff. You know, maybe like a old lineman may not be getting the balls so they might focus on lifting weights And you know what I mean? Being strong and combative. But You know what else I started adding to what You adding AB wheel to my feet? Oh no. When you do explosive pushups, so you explode up, you roll your abs forward on the wheel and then you come down and catch yourself and then explode up and roll the the wheel forward and then come down and catch yourself. You clap and catch yourself. I learned that from Arthur Bitter be the light heavyweight champion. His crazy dude from Chena. That's Explosive pushups.


Yeah, but with an ab wheel. He does it with an AB wheel. I was like, oh, that's next level. That's next level. There's like so many different things you could see like really elite, high level guys do. You're like, oh I get it, I get it, I get it. Just mobility drills and yeah, Hip exercises rotated in the hips is a big one. And what kind of shit do you do for that? You go single leg. I like to do the single leg and then be on one leg and then rotate your hip. Like if you was doing the full circle of your hip, but do it on one leg so you get the glute burning. Oh, so You're doing that on one any balancing too. Yeah. So you on one leg, just try to rotate this hip forward.


10 and backwards. 10. Yeah. On one leg, open the hips, always key. Laying on the ground, getting this leg to this leg, this, this leg to this arm. You know, laying on your stomach, rotating your back leg to your back. Mm. Stand open, you know, staying. I feel like the older we get, the tighter your muscles get. So yeah, just make sure you're stretching more than you, you know, you tighten 'em up. 'cause keeping your muscles long as you get older to keep muscles soft. Yeah. When I'm getting lazy, I don't stretch either. Gotta Stretch when I realize like, yeah, that's probably also how I get injured. Scratching. Would you ever fuck with yoga? Absolutely. Yoga is amazing. Yeah.


It, I love Yoga, man. Scratch you feel, you feel like once you do yoga, your body feel just better overall. Even once you're done right? You can feel the difference right away. Yeah. You feel like everything's working together too? Like All the connective areas are getting strengthened. All the balance and All the stuff that keeps your posture in line. Yeah. Health is wealth man. Anytime you, you know, you gotta make accountability to be able to, You know, take care of yourself, you know, that's what life's about, You know? Exercising, eating healthy. Yeah. Gimme A, a chance to live a good life. Do they coach in the NFL how to eat? What supplements to take? They tell you what to do? I mean they Can't. They will, but it's usually, you know, kind of up to you and yourself as a player.


You know, if you want to take care of yourself, they get in your blood work and got everything right in front of you. So for me, I usually take my blood test to know what my body digests, what food I need to put in intake, you know, what provide less inflammatory, what's good for me, what's not. So when they take your blood test, did they sit down with you and go over the results and talk to you about like what you need And What it's gotta be for you? Like you gotta take the initiative to go to them And you know what I mean? This is a business at the end of the day. Like you gotta do what's best for you yourself For sure. But I would imagine for them it would be beneficial to them to make their athletes perform at the very best they can. So give 'em as much information as they could. I would hope so. But using the NFL, they pay you money and it's Like you figured it out.


Yeah. It's on you now. Yeah. What about like saunas and cold plunge? All that shit. Sauna's the best everyday cold plunge sauna man. That's healthy living. Yeah. Sauna's the best. Flush out cold tub. Feeling brand new. Yeah, that's Pretty preeminent recovery right there. It's everything, right? Yeah. Like that's what you live for. The hot steam coat tub, man. That's the best feeling ever. So what's the next move right now for Antonio Brown? What are we gonna do? I feel like, you know, just keep, You know, being myself, giving back to the world. I feel like I wanna start a 7 0 7 team. Give some local kids in Miami, Tampa, some opportunities to travel, you know, place 7 0 7, flag football, obviously podcast.


Maybe do more on C-T-S-P-N, you know, just be happy and hopefully the Hall of Fame in 2027. Oh, Okay. Nice. You know, I'm me and Ben Berger in that class together. Nice. So That'll be a good opportunity. What do you do with, with kids where you're talking about flag football, what do you do? Yeah, flag football is a big thing right now where you take the kids different tournaments all over the world, allowing them to complete, giving them opportunities to live their dreams. Different age groups, you know what I mean? And You're involved in that. Yeah. Setting it up. Now we get our own team. Me and Kodak Black, one of my close friends from Miami probably started a volleyball league. Volleyball league for the woman and some flag football for the team.


Oh, That's great. Kids ate activities to help some kids achieve their goals and taking them different tournaments to be able to compete all over the the world. That's cool that you have that focus that you want to like help kids too. Yeah. Help them. You know. And also like when they see a guy like you who's done it, been there, done that, you know, been at the top, they could say, oh, it's po. He's a human. He's just like me, You know? And him talking to me and working with me. Maybe I can get something done done in this life. I got some new music coming out actually. Tomorrow's song called Click It with 41 Cal Rich Tata, Jen Carter.


Nice. So It's been a blessing man. It's just, you Know. Are you working with Kanye anymore or is that Yeah, I Work with him too. He is not. Yeah. I got some cool out coming as well too. The Album. Really? He Still working with him? Still working with him. That's the, when was the last time you saw him? I saw him in LA a couple weeks ago. He's a wild man. Yeah. He's excited. He just, When he showed up at the Grammy's with his wife naked. Yeah. He's like, look, turn around. Okay. Bye. Then he leaps. He doesn't even go to the Grammy's. Yeah, he, he just shows up, walks the red carpet. His wife takes his clothes off and he goes home. Yeah, he's Just out there. Okay, we good? Yeah, he's good man. We excited about, you know, he brought me in his chain, this red Donda sports. He Bought you that? Yeah.


Whoa. Donda Sports. The sports brand that he opened up. That's The GDP of a small island. Yeah. Look The size of that fucking thing. Yeah. So we gotta get Donda Sports back. You know, Kanye made me PTU president of the Donda Sports. Oh really? We, A lot of basketball team we used to have in la A lot of kids came outta, You know, and we planned on getting back to it and doing some other things creatively in the music space. So I'm excited for those announcements coming soon in 2025, so. Oh, that's cool. So what, what other, what sports are you getting involved with? Basketball has been a huge sports for Donna Sports had a couple players, you know, come out of Donna Sports.


So what is it, is he doing, is he managing them? Like what is, what's the Role? He had a whole prep school that was, you know, allowing the kids to go to school, down to sports. Giving the opportunity to play basketball, taking 'em, play different games. Oh, okay. Yeah, I mean we had Rob Dillingham used to be in the program. We play for the Minnesota Timberwolves now. Got drafted who went to Kentucky University. I mean, went to, I think he went to Duke University and came out and went, Oh, that's cool. Yeah, so, so he represents him, gives him advice. I Didn't even represent him. Just allow him to go to school and play basketball. Oh, just help him. Yeah, just help him to get to the next level. Not even representing him or not, But also like being under that umbrella is like notoriety helps.


Absolutely. Yeah. Getting him the exposure, the right opportunities to just go to the next level. So is this something Kanye's gonna expand to other sports as well? I mean, we was talking about it. I mean, he gay don't really know a lot about sports, You know, that's why he put me on a, you know, adjusting laboy in regardless of basketball and other sports athletes to just give 'em the opportunity to live out their dreams. That's really cool, man. That's very cool. It's, it's nice that you are interested in doing that, that you want to help young kids achieve their goal. That's true. Measure success. You know, I've been blessed in my life to, You know, live a beautiful life. Spirits in the NFL, you know, you know, that's our jobs as, You know, humans, You know, give other people the best experience And you know, give 'em a chance to do something they may not be able to do in their life.


So I'm grateful just to be in that position And, you know, to give back. That's a beautiful philosophy. It's a good way to look at life, you know, you're living your life, you're happy, you're also helping people be happy back. Yeah. Yeah. And cracking on people. Yeah. Couple jokes here and there, but You write all that shit yourself or do you have anybody help you Writing? I be writing it. You write all of it? Yeah. Oh My God, that's amazing. Yeah, I be writing it. Yeah. It's hilarious. Well, the response has been pretty amazing, right? They Love it. Smokes and jokes, man. It is funny. I mean, I imagine the idea of a ex-football player starting an award show and he gets 200 million views.


He has a blessing. I mean, very Much. Yeah, you Need to see. But it was also because you had like laid the groundwork of being funny All the time on Twitter and being that wild follow the people like to go check you out. Yeah. So when you do something like that award show, everybody's like, yeah, I can't Wait. Yeah. I, okay. I'm looking forward to it, bro. I was getting texts all day long, man. No, it Was a big Deal. So many people were sending me texts about it. Thank you for participating with us, man. That was awesome, man. Oh my pleasure was a big my Pleasure. Everybody was, everybody was Excited. Yeah. Joe on it. Let's go. Yeah, everybody was excited. Nah, because like I said, it's just, it's fun. It's a like a thing that wasn't around before and it's like a sign that everything's getting back to normal. That You can do fun kind shit like that.


Exactly. Again. Exactly. We gotta do more. Let's do it better this time. Let, yeah. Well I think now everybody is looking forward to the next one. Like now it's established, you know, when you have the second annual awards Now We rolling. Everybody's gonna be very excited about it because it's, it's, it's a necessary thing. We, we need more ridiculous shit in this world to take, take the burden off of a lot of people. Just the regular life you need. You need fun. Yeah. We need an Inc. Excitement. Yeah. It's valuable. It's not just silly, it's like valuable for people's mental health. Yeah. It's, it brings people joy and happiness. You can feel good. Yeah. Yeah. Like when, like memes, when my friends send me a funny meme and then I send it to them, we're all like, wow.


Should make you happy. Right. It's excitement. It makes you happy. Yeah, it makes me happy. It's funny. Too excited. It's like some of the biggest laughs of my day are memes, you know? And I don't Even hilarious even know Who's making them. I don't know who's, Who's, it's coming out. The blue just, they Just like, the universe is creating, I mean, it's obviously people are doing it, but I don't even know who they are. Sometimes you do sometimes a person, like, you know, you can give them credit. I'll give 'em credit, but sometimes like, I don't know where this came from. Random. Yeah. It's on 15 different Instagram pages. People just sending it to you. Like, all right. I just throw up my stories. Entertainment. Yeah. It's a fun time, man. It, it's a fun time. Best time. I'm, I'm glad you're a part of it. 'cause you know, having a guy like you out there, like having a good time, cracking jokes.


It opens up the door for other people to do the same. Absolutely. Keep it light. Have a good time. Enjoy yourself. I love it. All right. Anything else you wanna talk about before we wrap this up? I think we hit it All. We hit it all. I think so. Yeah. Beautiful. Tell everybody how they find you on X ab, AB 84 on x ab, on ig Antonio Brown to the World Hall of Fame 2027 Website, Antonio Brown dot com. Crash out buckets.com. CT espn.com. All right. That's it. All right, brother. Well, Thank you very much for being here. Thanks. Having continu success, it's amazing.


I'm a fan. I'm excited. I love you too. All right. Thank you. Bye everybody.