
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night all day. Yes, sir. Michael, Good to see you, my friend. Thank you. Thanks for having me. And really appreciate you showing me around. Wow. What a space you've, you've created, man. Thank You. Thank you. That's so cool. Keeps going. I was excited to show you a picture of my sauna, and then you show me you got a archery. It's so cool, man. Thank you. That's so cool. Thank you. It's fun. So we were just singing John Stewart's praises before this started, but I'm so happy he's back at The Daily Show. Yeah. And I'm so happy. He makes fun of everything and I'm so happy he still makes dick jokes. Yeah.


You know, it's fun. It's like The Daily Show seems like The Daily Show again. Like that guy's a very unique dude, very unique person. And one of the most important like pieces to like unify everybody, he's reasonable. Like, he gets the whole big picture. Like, let's stop being so fucking ridiculously tribal In the morning meeting. He'll come in and we're all sitting there at the writers and he just kind of shuts the door behind him and we start talking. But it's, it's, it's like a, it's like a conversation with a college professor, but he's in charge and it's beautiful. Mm. All sides. This, I disagree with that. What about this? And it's like, oh, wow. It's, it's really fun to be a part of.


And then someone will yell out a dick joke and then that joke will make it to the show too, you know? Yeah. It's like smart things and dump things. That's, that's beautiful. Well, He's never abandoned being a real comic. Correct. You know, which is what got him to the dance in the first place. So he's always, always has that, those instincts. And he's the very best at like, holding a line and like making something like even more preposterous just with a facial expression. Correct. Yeah. And pointing out like these fucking unbelievably ridiculous in your face hypocrisies that you see every day. From both sides. Yeah. From both sides. Have you, have you ever done standup with him? Oh, yeah. We've done stuff together, like back in the day. Yeah. I kind, I can't remember the last time I was supposed to do something with him at one of Dave's things that we, that he was doing outside, back in the day.


But I never wound up doing it. But I definitely did stand up with him in the clubs back in New York. And I knew him way, way back in the day was, he was on MTV. Yeah, I remember that. And I think, I remember one of his books was called Naked Pictures of Famous People, which, which was great. He's a solid guy. Yeah. Like, he's a solid guy. I don't know. Always agree with him, but I don't always agree with everybody. I don't even agree with Me. Isn't that good? Yeah. I mean, isn't isn't that the point of this? It's like you want a couple people to be mad sometimes. I also think we all as human beings need to be divorced from our ideas. Okay. Your ideas are not you, you are you. And ideas are things that you should consider. Right.


Ideas are something that you should, I mean, if it's gonna have some sort of real physical impact on your life and your family and your family's for people you care about. I understand. I understand why you get connected to things like that that Right. But for the most part, most of these I ideas don't affect you. A lot of them don't. And yet we're so ideologically captured that we fight for these ideas as if it's our very nature. Right. It's, you're, you're talking about your essence as a human being. And it's stupid. This reminds me of a time I left my joke book on a train in New York, and in the joke book I have, this book is important to me. Call me if you get this, you know?


And this guy texts me and he says, I have this joke book, And, you know, talk about your ideas. Yeah. The joke book is the most unfiltered, dumb idea ever. Oh, yeah. That's the beauty of it. Yeah. And I, I said, man, I'm sure he is reading it. Why? You know, you're gonna read it. You're gonna read a Stranger's joke book. And I connected with him, he was very kind. He gave it to me, but he kind of looked at me like, are are you a comedian type thing? And I said, yeah, but it's terrifying when that idea gets attached to you when it was just a fleeting idea. Right. Yeah. The the joke book idea is the best example of that. Right. Because most of what you write is shit. Oh my. Which took me, oh my God. Forever to figure out. I was like, God, I just write shit.


Yeah. And then every now and then a gem. Yeah. Like, ooh. And then you extract the gem. Yeah. But I've realized afterwards, you, it's basically like gold mining. Most of the time you're not finding gold, you're finding garbage. And you only get to gold by going through garbage. Yeah. Sometimes I'll do a show and it's terrible new joke show, but then the next day the thing happens and I think, oh, that's because, Yeah. I Was digging all day yesterday. Yeah. It's the muse. Right? The muse. Right. You have to show up and, and request the muse's love. I like that. Yeah. I mean, do you ever read Pressfield's War Of Art? No. It's Really, we have a stack of 'em out there. I'll give you a copy of it. It's a small book, easy read. Jay Larson comedian in LA recommended that book to me 10 years ago.


Mm. And I never tackled it. Yeah. It's really good. Yeah. I used to get, I used to have a stack of 'em in the studio where I'd give out to guests 'cause so many comics. I was like, this is what you need. What's the essence? I will read it. What's the also, You know what keeps freaking me out? There's a shooting star above my head. Yeah, there is. Yeah. Every now and then one will fly above Your head. Head. That's so cool. What's the essence? The, the, the war of art that makes it sound like it's a struggle to create art? Yeah. It's the struggle against resistance, which is procrastination. Right. Which is this thing that we all do before we actually write. Which is so weird because I love when I'm actually locked in and great ideas are coming. It's one of the best feelings in the world. Like, it's like somehow or another you're pulling these ideas out of nowhere.


Yeah. And then it's your job to take this seed and try to go plant it on stage and try to water it and try to out over the course of many months, it'll become a great bit. And they just only come if you sit there. They only come if you sit there. And what he is saying is that you have to treat it like you're a professional. Right. And you have to decide at 8:00 AM I will show up. Right. And I will be there for three hours. Right. I will shut my phone off. I will lock in. Yeah. This is what I do because I am a professional. Yeah. And you literally make a prayer to the muse. You, you offer yourself to the muse. You say, I'm here to work. I'm here to gather ideas, to be open. I'm here to be creative and be open.


And you treat it that way, whether or not the muse is real or not. Right. That's kind of Right. You can get hung up on that. But if you trade it like it's real, it works. I love, which is really crazy. I love, I love that. And I don't do that. And early in my comedy career, I would go to the coffee shop at this time and start typing, and I have all these bits. And I remember Tommy at the comedy store, he would say, every time I see you, you have new bits. And I would go, yeah. 'cause I'm go, and now what's crazy, life has gotten crazier. I don't make time for myself to do that, but I need to honor the muse man. Yeah. I like that. I, my move is when everyone's asleep in my house. Okay. 'cause I still, I get up pretty early for a comic.


Yeah. You know, I'm up by eight almost every day. Comics are un unreal with that. Right. But that means that I can go to bed at one and still get seven hours of sleep. Yeah. Yeah. So that's what I do. Okay. So when everybody in my house kind of goes to bed early, my kids go to school. Yeah. My wife goes to bed early. Yeah. So when everyone's asleep, it's just me and the dog. Yeah. You know, and either we're watching YouTube or I'm writing, and I, that's when I get my best work done asleep. You write by hand or asleep? You Type. No, I, I type. You type. Yeah. I feel like I can't write fast enough by hand. Yeah. I need, what I like about typing is that I don't have to look at the keys. I know how to type. So I can make a letter. I can make a word very quickly.


I can like, and I can like zone in to it. But what I really like is a keyboard that I can feel like I need travel in my keys. Yeah. You know? And these clickety, clickety, clickety, little MacBook key. Yeah. Those are bullshit. Okay. Which you want is a keyboard that you don't have to look at. Yeah. 'cause it's got like little divots. Okay. Where you finger sit. So I use a think pad. And ThinkPads have the best keyboards. They have travel. Each one has like, okay, a couple of millimeters of travel. So it's a clickety click, click. So my fingers know exactly where to go and I can just get into the zone. You're Zoning right now. Yeah. Yeah. But that's how I do it. Like the, I have like a whole thing. Right. Like the laptop that I write on, it's not connected. It has no apps.


It never goes anywhere. That's smart. Doesn't get email smart. Yeah, it does. I only allow myself to use the Bing search engine to find out if so what, what the, because most of the time if I'm writing about something like, you know, when was this discovered? What, what happened here? Yeah. Who figured that out? It's normal facts.


Daylight savings is coming. So we're about to lose an hour. And that means trying to speed up your morning. But if you drink AG one, maybe you're fine with it. It's that quick and easy to help your body feel great every day. Starting your day with Ag one can help you shake off the grogginess, get back into your rhythm, and even give you the boost you need to make the most of that extra hour of sunlight. Maybe even turning you into the morning person. You've always wanted to be AG one Rules. I drank it for a long time now. And seriously, it's as easy as I say every month. You just take one scoop, put it in some cold water, shake it up, and you're ready to go. Honestly, it tastes pretty good too. I'm not complaining. It's never too late to create a new healthy habit for 2025. So try AG one for yourself. It's easy to stay consistent with. And that's why I've been partnering with Ag one for so long. And Ag one is offering new customers a free gift. When you subscribe, you'll get a welcome kit, a bottle of D three K two, and five free travel packs in your first box. So make sure you check out drink ag one.com/ Joe Rogan. That's drink ag one.com/ Joe Rogan.


That's A trap for me. Frequently. I'll start typing. I was working on a bit recently that all of these amazing men, these explorers, these achievers, the idea was, 'cause I found out that Sir Edmund Hillary, the Mount Everest first man to climb Everest, he had like nine kids or something. And the idea of the joke was, I don't even think he likes climbing mountains. I don't even think he enjoys outdoors. It's that he's trying to get away from his family. So then I looked up Roger Banister, the guy who, who broke the four minute mile. He had like seven kids. I'm like, I don't even think he likes running, he's just trying to run away from his family. But I remember writing that bit and it's a funny bit. It's a great, there might've been an Elon thing there.


He has a lot of kids going to Mars, whatever there was, there's other stuff. But I would keep getting sidetracked by these Googles. Right. I'd start typing a bit. Now I'm on sermon Hillary's Wikipedia page. Now I'm click I'm and I'm gone. Yeah. And that's a track. Yeah, you can, That's tricky. It's procrastination. Yeah. It really is. And you can get locked in. So the discipline is to is to keep it stay on the bit Costa. Yeah. Yeah. I would play this stupid game with myself. It's like, I'll just go on YouTube real quick and see if I get inspired by anything Right before I write. And then I'm watching two hours of muscle car builds. Right, Right. Just compare fucking, oh, dude. It's wild. Watching people turn their Land cruiser into an off-road vehicle. Like, come on. I would do, I would do motorcycle handlebar, you know, I would, I would find my motorcycle and then there'd be like, that's, it is 20 different handlebar builds and stuff.


What kind Motorcycle did You drive? I have a, a Triumph Bonneville 2011. It's in a, it's in storage in Pennsylvania now. I take it out in the summer a lot. But where do drive in, in la? That's all. That was what I used All the time. You ride A motorcycle in la? I Did forever. Holy shit. Did You know, my wife doesn't really, You know, we have a family now. Yeah. But in pa I, I ride it a lot. And there it's deer, man. They're very, You know, that's the scary thing there. They get very close. They're not afraid of cars or motor vehicles at this point. Well, There's a time between like September-ish to like December-ish where they're retarded because they're horny, you know? Right. Once it starts getting warm out, they start deer getting goofy.


And then when you get cold, like around November, that's when it really kicks in. Like if you're in Pennsylvania or Iowa. Oh my God. I visited my friend John in Iowa, and I'm driving down the road and every 15 seconds you're slamming on your brakes. Yeah. Yeah. Because something's darting near the road. Yeah. They're all over the place. So they're horny and looking. Yes. Right. They're also getting chased. Right. So the bucks are chasing the females. Right. And the females are just running out into traffic. Right. And the bucks are falling 'em, which bang, Bang. I mean, this is like men at night. Oh yeah, yeah. Much nuts. Sixth Street where My Club Is. Same thing. Don't drive fast. That's why the road is closed in the weekends. They don't want people driving down sixth Street with all these horny idiots. I love that they closed that though.


That's good. I didn't know that. It is Great. Yeah. Yeah. But it, what scares me is like what happened in New Orleans where they, they have these roads where only people walk down and everyone knows it. And this psycho decides to kill a bunch of people. It's crazy that you have to think that way. But I mean, there should be some sort of retractable posts that they can pull up. Wasn't there for that one. And it didn't, it wasn't up. It wasn't up. Yeah. In New York, you know, it's a big concrete slab. I was in France last year and they had these huge flower pots with beautiful flowers in it. And I said, you know, this is, the New York version is a huge concrete slab that says NYPD on it.


And this is the French version, which was this enormous beautiful flower pot. I go, that's now, that's serving a function. And also beautiful. Yeah. Well, the French know how to do things right. They how do it, you know how to do it. Yeah. They, they party, they know how to party. Yeah. They drink a lot of wine. They stay thin somehow or another, which is odd. Like, I hope RFK Jr figures that out. It seems to be full butter. I Wanna know how the Italians are so Thin. Yeah. All the time. I go to Italy and Yeah. It what's also like the standard cliche, but it is true. You go there, you can eat the food and it doesn't affect you the same way. Yeah. So like, and we don't even think twice about it. We come back here and still order pizza and still feel like shit, if I eat a pizza here, I feel so bloated. I ate a pizza in Italy last summer and I I ate the whole pizza too.


Yeah. The whole margarita pizza. I ate the whole fucking thing and I was like, I just would just resign myself to like the thud of it. Hitting my digestive tract. Right. And like, feeling like I'm on drama. Me just like, yeah, I've resigned myself. I'm like, I'm eating pizza. Fucking, I'm this, what's gonna happen? Let's just do it. Nothing. Never came. Right. Never came. Ate a whole pizza. I was like this the rest of the day. I was like, this is crazy. I'm not even like brisket, sludgy brisket Crushes me. Ooh. Terry Black put you down, son. I mean, I mean, I had, I, I was in Houston, Steve by was at the other club. You wanna get lunch? Yeah, Of course. We go get brisket. I went back to a hotel. I slept for like three and a half hours. I mean, it is very Did you have sides though?


I don't, I don't remember. We were Doing, I did. I bet you had sides. You Think it was the sides that did? Yeah. I think it's mostly the starches And, you know, the, yeah. The carbs. It's mostly like macaroni salad. It's Fatty delicious meat. So good. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Terry Black's in town is my favorite. That's the spot. Okay. Oh my. They have a beef rib. That is the most preposterous thing. You pick the bone up and the rib slides off the bone. Yeah. I mean, and when you slice into it, it's just juicy. Fatty. Smoky. Why is the meat falling off the bone such an important, It's so tender. It means, means it's tenders been slow cooked Perfectly. Copy that. They have a thing where you want your brisket to fold, but not break.


Okay. So they take a slice of brisket and they put it over their hand and if it breaks off, you fucked up. You made your a mushy brisket, but you want it where it's just folding. Right. You know, like a thick cloth. There's there's a life metaphor there too. Brisket. You want it right out too. You want it like right after they slice it. You don't wanna wait on brisket. Yeah. Yeah. You want to eat it. Right. You don't want to eat it before it's Well, you wanna eat it while it's still warm. Look at that. See the fold. Oh, there's a, that guy's got his finger. Yeah. That's a, that's a perfectly cooked brisket right there, dude. I learned, oh, every time I'm here I learn. I remember the last time, dude, we, we were talking Italian billiards. I didn't even realize it was a different billiards. Oh, they have a bunch of different billiards. Yeah. But I mean, that's funny.


I never had any idea about that brisket. But, You know, it was all originally Germans That, that would do the brisket stuff. Germans who came over through Texas, like Fredericksburg is one of the hubs of it. It's all a bunch of Germans who came over here and they made smoked sausages. And so they came over here and the brisket became a thing because brisket was not a choice cut. It was a, a thing that they would throw away. Okay. Like, you wanted a steak 'cause you wanted a t-bone, you wanted, so they would take the brisket and they just figured out, like if you just slowly cook it, you render it down and break down All the toughness of it. And at the end you have this delicious tender smoked perfection That puts me to sleep.


But they Know how to do it here, man. Yeah. They, they make the best fucking brisket on earth right here. Terry Blacks. Franklin's la Barbecue. There's like a bunch of spots in town. Yeah. Yeah. What's it QB Barbecue. Is that the Egyptian joint that I went to with, with Action Bronson? That place was Insane. Oh man. Having a meal with him would be super fun. KB kg kg kg barbecue. So this gentleman came from Egypt and he was like a finance guy, I think in Egypt, just working a regular job. Came over here, fell in love with brisket, decided to just open up his own barbecue shop. And so this guy makes these incredible recipes with like Egyptian and, and Middle Eastern spices.


Jesus. But with Texas barbecue. Oh my God. It was so good. It was so good. Cool story. He's blowing up now and it's just super nice guy too. Yeah. Yeah. Just like, I love when someone does that, it's like, fuck this job. I'm, I'm, I'm doing, I want, well, you know what I wanna do? I, I wanna feed people. I wanna make brisket awesome brisket. I wanna make a food truck. And this guy, it becomes so popular so quickly that this guy has like a real business now. And he is got a restaurant. He's opening up a second one. I believe That was my favorite part of living in Los Angeles. It's easy to make fun of LA for good reason, but for the most part, a lot of people were betting on themselves. Right. And a talent they had. Yeah.


Not everyone's, but I do love that. I always appreciated that. Yeah. I like living in a place where people are definitely going for something. Yeah. And taking chances. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The problem with LA is it also becomes attached with what is the engine that gets you to where you want to go. And sometimes that engine is like pure narcissism. Yeah. Or fame. Yeah. If that's the goal. Fame, most of the time it's fame, Which fuels the narcissism. Yeah. Yeah. But I think a more interesting question is, how do we find the thing that we're meant to do that Egyptian finance man found that brisket is his calling. That's fascinating. In his thirties. In his thirties. Right. You know, with A career, right? Yeah. Right. With a career making money, having healthcare.


Yeah. Still decided to give it up. Living in Egypt, by the way. Yeah. It's not even close to Austin, Texas. And he comes here not to, he doesn't just decide to make barbecue. He decides to make barbecue in the home of barbecue. I mean, the place. Yeah. Yeah. He's like, fuck it. If you wanna learn Jiujitsu, go to Brazil. Yeah. He just, he went right to the heart of it all. I remember I was coaching tennis at University of Michigan. I was making 31,000 a year. And I go, I think I can make this in comedy if I'm gonna get paid like shit, let me at least do what I want. So, Of course, the first year I left, first year I did comedy. I made whatever, $6,000 or whatever. But I think often how much harder that would've been if I was making a hundred grand. Right. You know, it's, it's because I was poor.


Let's be poor and pick the thing I wanna be doing. Oh, A hundred percent. Yeah. But that's the thing about youth. Right. Youth is filled with, if you're 47 years old and you decide that you need to change careers Yeah. And you're gonna be a folk singer and you have a family, like, what are you talking about? Yeah. I mean, you have a Volvo, you have a fucking mortgage idiot. Like, you have to go to work. You have to go to work. If you're gonna make folk songs, you, you're gonna make 'em on the two hours you have for yourself on the weekend when everybody else is out of the house. You don't have any time for that. What, Is it true that Rodney Dangerfield found comedy so late like That? Well, Rodney Nuts did comedy and then quit, but kept writing and was selling aluminum siding. Right. That's what I remember that story.


And then He remade it when he was like 46. That's fucking awesome story. Yeah. How about Shimmel? Shimmel didn't even start until he was 36. Yeah. Which I thought was crazy. Yeah. I remember what I heard. 'cause it was a giant Shimmel fan. Okay. And then when I had heard that he started when he was 36, I was like, what? I didn't think you could do that. I thought you had to start when you were like 21. Yeah. Or you had no chance. I remember starting at 27 and wondering if it was too late. Right. Isn't that crazy? Exactly. Or maybe it was 25, I Forget. But I wish I started at 27. Yeah. 'cause when I was 21, I was such a moron. Right. I just had no opinions on anything. So all my jokes were basically about sex. I was like, sex and relationships. Where Were you at? Age 21?


Boston. Boston. Okay. You, that's right. You were in, I was gonna say, 'cause you were, at least in a good comedy scene, you could see good comedy, great comedy scene. Yes. Yeah. You've talked about that. Yeah. It was the best comedy scene. It was the best comedy scene because it was a comedy scene that had world class comedians that the rest of the country didn't know about. Right. So it was a cheat code. Right. It was like, you're in a gym and you're sparring with world class fighters, like world championship caliber fighters that the rest of the world hasn't seen yet. Right. And that emerges sometimes in fight gyms for sure. Like you, you have a bunch of like elite fighters and then all of a sudden there's three world champions in this gym. Like two years later. Yep. Yep. Like that's what it was like in Boston because there was these guys that were the Steve Sweeney's and the Don Gavins who were as good as anybody that's ever done comedy.


And no one knew who they were outside of Boston. Yep. And you get to see them every night just murdering Were was their drive to get out. No, it was to make money, stay there, do Coke and play golf. Yeah. Those guys Would Partying. Well, they probably figured, I mean, I remember the documentary about Boston Comedy where they said they would pay comics and coke. They were, It was a totally different kind of comedian. Yeah. There were these big football player looking men. Right. Who were rowdy, who partied All the time. Right. They were all heavy drinkers. Yeah. They all played golf. They were all animals. They would go on stage and obliterate. Right. When I say obliterate, I mean these guys would go on stage with a drink in their hand.


And they had a fucking act that was as hammered as a samurai sword. It was polished. And they would just fucking From the pause, they would take to the eyebrow rays, all that. Everything. And a lot of it was like local references, like local Boston stuff. And these, they would bury these out of town comedians. Yeah. I saw them bury Billy Crystal one night. Oh my God. Bury 'em. Bury Death. Death. Satan was nipping at his heels and dragging him down into the netherworld. It was horrible. He was in hell. I feel like when I started comedy, drinking was still big. It was big. Now I meet All the young comics and everybody's sober, or they're thinking more about All the different facets.


But when I started there wasn't YouTube yet. Right. Comics talk shit in the green room a lot. Terrible. Yep. I went and did yuck yucks in Vancouver recently. In the Green room, there's a sign up that says we don't harass people in the green room. We, and I'm like, this is different. This is different. You know? Well, Canada's just on another level. Canada's on, not with their wokeness. Canada's on another level. But I Remember come back to US, Canada, I, I remember come back driving down the road in Vancouver and there's all these people just lining up and I go, what's going on? And I said, oh, well, they're lining up for the bus that's about to come. And I'm like, no, that's, that is, that's Canadian.


I mean, like, they're so Polite. They're waiting. They know where the bus will be and they're lining up. That is not how it works in Brooklyn. And Then before they get on the bus, they give their land acknowledgement before they step on the Bus. Do you think that comedy with the Polish, the local, I mean, it feels like comedy's taken a different turn now. Now it's, if a bid is kind of working, we post it. It's up. It's not polished. Yeah. Well there's, and I miss some of that. Some of that I miss some of that. There's Some of that. But there's still guys, you know, like Louisie who don't do that. Yeah. And AEL doesn't do that. Yeah. Yeah. It's like I get for young guys coming up, it's a very good way to develop an audience. Like, there's guys that have a clip.


The clip goes viral on TikTok, all of a sudden they're selling out shows everywhere. Like a guy like Ralph Barbosa. Yep. It's a funny guy. Yep. Gets a funny bit. It gets put up. Bam. All of a sudden he's headlining all over the country. And it happened to him like that. He was opening for me in Dallas before any of that. And you know, you always watch the opener. And normally I watch the opener like this. Like, oh, this is just, is this, is this what I have to go up after? Why didn't I bring my own guy? You know, whatever. Right. And I'm sitting in the green room and I'm going, oh, that's a good bit. Oh, that's a fun, oh, crowd's going and I'm going this, this guy's got it. Yeah. And then six months later I was like watching his special. Right. Or it wasn't maybe a year later. But yeah, I mean that's that, that's a great example.


He's, he's a funny dude. Yeah. Yeah. It's a great example of what can be done with social media today. You know, and then there's these guys, There's a lot of bad ones too, like From Kill Tony, where they do one minute and a lot of these one minute clips get put into reels. And then these guys are getting huge responses for this. And now they're doing the Killers of Kill Tony, where they're selling out these huge places. So it's, it's amazing what can be done. But, But they don't have an act. They Don't, some of them do. Like Ari Maddy's 12 years in. Okay. You know, he was doing standup in Australia. I actually worked with him in Australia Okay. In like 2006. Okay. Dean, I think. Okay. Somewhere around then, 2015, somewhere around then.


So Ari's been at it for a long time. So he's really good. He's a really solid comic. So he's like headlining now because of this and like Right. But there's guys that are in it four or five years and they don't really have an act yet, but they have a couple of good jokes. But they'll figure it out. They'll figure it out. They'll figure it out. But you don't wanna figure all of it out on video in front of the whole world. That's What it is now. Yeah. I'm so thankful that as soon as I could, I posted my first set on the internet. But that, that was seven years in. It didn't even, you couldn't even do it. Right. Right, Right. I would've done it too soon. I mean, it still was too soon, but, But it's okay. Yeah. You know, look, you go back and watch my first episodes of this podcast, they were fucking terrible. Right. I encourage everybody go back and watch 'em, the dog shit.


You know, Nobody would watch. Where does one watch the first? Oh, I Bet they're on YouTube. They're on somewhere. They're on Everywhere. They're somewhere. It's everywhere. But like, when we first started doing it, I mean, there was no production value. It sucked. I was boring. You know, and then you figure out how to do it. It's like standup. It is. It's everything else. Go back and watch someone's first amateur fight. They, they terrible. It is. They make mistakes. It is very beautiful to watch people get better at stuff. Yeah. There's a, a female tennis player right now named Andre, Eva, I forget how to pronounce her first name, but I just watched her at Indian Wells and I saw her four years ago at the French Open. Everyone was saying, watching you wanna watch Andrea, Eva? And I'm like, this is a child that doesn't know how to play the sport.


Why are we talking about her? I watched her last week and absolute nightmare of a beast. You know, hitting the ball, the movement, her shape. And it was like, oh, every day she got better for four. And to see that was nuts. And I always go back and watch old, oh my God. Novak Djokovic's first Grand Slam when he's got like the worst haircut in the baggy shirt. And the backhand was looking different now to, it's just amazing to see how these athletes evolve. And I'm sure it's the same for fighters. And you mentioned it was Sure. Yeah. I love seeing that. Love Seeing that. Yeah. Well, tennis is like all things, right? It's you. Yes. When you really do it, then You can truly appreciate people who are great.


Yes. Like there's, there's so many things that are like, like in martial arts it's a big, like, especially when things go to the ground, a lot of times people don't understand how difficult a specific maneuver is. Yeah. Like how he did that. Yeah. How he baited him with the Yeah. And then it, you have to like, there's certain things I watch, I'm like, oh my God, does everybody appreciate this? Right. That was insane. That was, it's a insane Language. It's, yeah, it's a language. And if you don't speak the, I mean when, right. I don't speak MMA language, but that's where good commentators come in. You. Oh, they're excited for a reason. Yeah. That, that was something that we don't see very often. And that helps me. I assume that's how it works for tennis people that aren't, or for non tennis people when they're watching tennis. 'cause it's, oh, I'm sure. But I think only a person like you, who is a professional, could appreciate the technique involved.


Yeah. And like the changing of Djokovic's back string. Yep. Yep. All that. I mean, I, I pause it, I make my wife come into the living room and I say, watch this. And she'll watch and she'll goes, that, that was good. And I go, are you even seeing what he did? He did a short slice to pull 'em in. And then he went. And it's like, but it's a language that I speak and this is life, man. Picking these little things we have that we get passionate about Yes. Is just awesome. Yes. And as I've gotten older, I've, I used to shy away from tennis a little bit. It's an elite sport. It's got its own history. And now I'm just like, I fucking love it. I love that. I'm good at it. I love that. I know it. It's fun. The Wilkes pushed you away from tennis. No, no. The woke, it sounds like you did, it sounds like it was a little too elite.


It was a little too country club. Little too Desegregated. It definitely, it definitely, I, i is those things. No, I think what happens, it doesn't Have to Be, it doesn't have to be. And that's why Yeah. It's just Serena a sport. Serena and Venus were such a, a, a fun fuckup to the sport. Do you know the freeway Ricky Ross story? No. Freeway. Ricky Ross was a guy who, You know Rick Ross the rapper? Yes. He named himself after a famous cocaine dealer. Okay. In, in Los Angeles. Okay. Called Freeway Ricky Ross. Okay. Freeway. Ricky Ross was selling cocaine, unbeknownst to him for the ccia A Okay. To fund the Contras versus the Sandinistas. Okay. Yeah. So this is the cocaine cowboy type stuff, isn't it type Stuff. But this is about Oliver North.


Okay. This was all about funneling money into the, the, the war. Yeah. He was a tennis player, like an elite tennis player. That's hilarious. Couldn't even read. Couldn't read. Yes. And was this really good tennis player. Right. Who that was like what he, his hope for a scholarship. Right. And gets involved, starts selling cocaine, starts selling a lot of cocaine. I'm sure. Doesn't know how he's so successful because he is worked with the CIA. He's helping him Goes to jail, learns how to read when he's in jail, becomes a lawyer in jail. Gets himself off because they tried him on three strikes, but they did it for one incident. So they did it incorrectly. And so he gets outta jail. So incarceration educated him. Yeah. To the point where he got himself out.


But is there Origins or as a Tennis player? As a tennis player, He's a tennis player, like a really good tennis player. You know, Menendez brothers, excellent tennis players. One of 'em played at UCLA. Maybe not the best example. One guy's just, I'm talking about a guy from South Central LA who can't read. True. Just to say it's not an necessarily elite What you're saying have to be. It's just a sport. I agree. And all You need is a court. I mean, it seems pretty cheap. You need a flat surface, a tennis racket and a ball. Like let's go. The kids that were beating me when I was a pro played on a dirt court with a rope tie between two sticks. These, these South American and Russian player is, it was not a money sport.


It was not a sport of money. It was a sport of movement and com competition. And because there's no clock, You can have as much time as you want to figure out and beat down your opponent. So that gets a certain type of athlete, you know? Yeah. I think it was Jimmy Connors who said, I didn't lose. I just, I just ran out of time in that match. I would've, I would've figured it out. Right. But unfortunately, he beat me. Yeah. What happened with me, I was, I was, was trying to be a standup comic that I was trying to so badly that I was trying to remove the athletic stigma. Even now you sometimes say tennis and people kind of back up.


But as I got better at comedy and more confident in my abilities, I said, why am I shying away from the sport that I love? And that is such a foundational part of me. Isn't that weird that you felt like you had to move away from athletics in order to fit in in comedy? That's probably a, a more succinct way to say it. Yeah. And the new book that's out right now, Lucky Loser, is all about how I'm now embracing this tennis because it gave me All the skills to actually be good in comedy. Of course. Yeah. Yeah. Discipline. Realizing like the tennis player that you're talking about, that if you do put in the work over time, the results will pay off and you'll See it and you're alone. Yeah. Figure that shit out. Oh yeah. By yourself. Yep. You're alone and you're gonna have no teammates success and failure.


Yeah. When I was, when I was eight years old, I lost in the finals of the Ann Arbor Junior Open and I realized I was gonna lose. And I started crying on the court and my older brother runs on the court and holds me like a child. Oh, I'm, I'm crying. There's a picture of that in the book now as a parent, I'm going, who the fuck took that picture? Right. I'm just a kid crying and my brother's holding me. Is my parents taking that picture? They did it for the gram. For the gram, but man, as a comic. Holy shit. We've all felt like that. Yeah. Oh man. It's so personal When you, when you fail as a comic, so, well, It's important to learn how to lose at things. Yeah. Of everything. Yes. Like if you marry your high school sweetheart and you guys never broke up and that's the, like, you probably missed out.


I mean, congratulations on achieving the most difficult thing humanly possible. Staying together for that. Everybody admires, right? Yes. Yes. When you meet a couple and like I have two friends of mine that have actually been dating since they were like 16 years old. That's right. And now they're married with kids in their forties. Congratulations. But I think there's some value in getting your ass kicked. Yeah. I think there's some value in a girl saying no. Yeah. I don't even like you. Like no. Yeah. You don't like me. You know, I think it's Good. Getting dumped is good. I think all that's valuable. I think you have to learn. And I don't think you learn by winning All the time. And I don't think you learn if something's easy, which is why really handsome and really beautiful people are often ridiculous in the way they behave.


That's true. Because they have five ACEs. Right. And you know, and they didn't earn 'em. They were just born with five ACEs. Right. So How do you instill grit, toughness in a generation as a parent? I see my five yearold struggling. I oftentimes pop in, let me get that for you. You know, she's trying to little things, trying to do the buttons on her shirt. That's we, we gotta, You know, and I do it for her and I think I shouldn't do it for her. She should be struggling to do this. But this is a big issue right now. Right. The younger generation. You hear that word, grit. Yeah. How do we instill that? Well, sports is a great way to do it. It's a great way to do it. It doesn't work with everybody. 'cause some people play sports and they come out even er, you know? Yeah. They come out more aggressive or more competitive or more psychotic in their pursuits and it just like, it alienates everything else in their life.


Or It creates trauma for them. Not real tr you know, trauma but, or real trauma. Yeah. Yeah. Fucking head trauma if you're playing football. Yeah. Yeah. There's, I think difficult things are important for kids. Yeah. It doesn't necessarily have to be that. It could be art, it could be music. Yeah. It could be something. But I think there's something when you put your attention to something and realize you can get better at this thing and you find yourself in that thing and you find your potential in that thing that you focus on. It doesn't have to, it's not necessarily that it has to define you because oftentimes it does. Unfortunately. Yeah. When people are really good at a thing. True. Yeah. It becomes the whole essence of who they are as a person. Yeah. But it's a valuable tool for elevating your human potential. And it's also a way that you can quantify effort versus results.


And you can do that in sports and games. Yep. And in think chess and Yeah. And art and things that are difficult. Like you can say like, I am so much better playing guitar now because I've been playing three hours a day Yep. For six months. Yep. And look at, look what I can do now. Yep. So I know that there's a thing and it teaches you that if there's a thing that you really love and you focus on it, that thing, if someone does it for a living, why can't you? Yeah. Why can't you? Yeah. Why do I have to be in this fucking bullshit office in this cubicle with these stupid papers that I don't give a shit about, that I have to fill out for this company that I don't give a fuck about?


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Tax season is already stressful. You shouldn't have to worry about identity theft on top of everything else. And trust me, it's a big worry. Especially since during tax season, your sensitive info does a lot of traveling to places you can't control. It goes through payroll. Your accountant or your tax consultant and countless other data centers on its way to the IRS. Any of them can expose you to identity theft because they all have the info on your W2, just the ticket for criminals to steal your identity. It's no wonder last year the IRS reported tax fraud due to identity theft went up 20%. You need LifeLock. They monitor millions of data points per second and alert you to threats you could miss. If your identity is stolen. LifeLock's US based restoration specialists will fix it back by the million dollar protection package and restoration is guaranteed. Or your money back. Don't let identity thieves take you for a ride. Get LifeLock protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use the promo code Joe Rogan or go to lifelock.com/ Joe Rogan for 40% off terms apply.


I I agree with you. Some things we will improve upon faster based on our natural abilities. I loved the way DJs used to seamlessly transfer one song to the other, beat matching whatever that was called. I, I got two, I asked for two turntables for Christmas. I I obsessed over it. I fucking sucked at it. Dude. I can't, I couldn't do it. I I mean, I, I I, I tried so hard and then I'm thinking I pick up this tennis racket and it all kind of clicks very quickly. Well, If a good frame for tennis, first of all, Thank you. So you're, you're tall and long. Right. Which really helps you can reach stuff that other people can't reach.


Yeah. You think I don't you don't think I don't have a good frame for DJing? Yeah. Like you Have like a foot more space. Oh yeah. Look how much wider your arm. My arms are pretty long. And yours are like a foot more. Dude, If Pete Sans did this, the greatest server. Oh yeah. I mean his, I mean he is Don't they say that this is the same height? I Think so. I think they say that this is your height also is what it's Yeah. It's not really. I mean, that's your Wings spare. Well I always heard that people from here to here is your foot. I saw that. I'm pretty woman from here to here is your foot. This is But I mean Pete, Pete had like extra length. Yes. And people go, how did he get the pop on the serve? It's like, you know those torque? Yeah. Like Tommy Hearns with his punches. Yeah. Yeah. Tommy Hearns was so long and tall. Like Deontay Wilder's another example.


Okay. Those long tall guys, when you have this torque like you ever see Deontay Wilder? No. He's arguably the greatest one punch knockout artist. Jesus in the history of the heavyweight division, at one point in time he was like, what is Deontay hiss record? I think it's like 40. And he's had a few losses recently, but at one point in time he had like 39 knockouts out of 40 fights. Jesus. Which is Insane. And these are professional fighters. He is knocking out, it's Not me. And he's undersized for the heavyweight division. When he fought Tyson Fury, Tyson Fury is like two 60. He was 2 0 9.


2 0 9. He made It to 40 and oh 40 And Jesus. Oh. And 39 of those 40 were knockouts. Were knockouts. Look at everybody. Knockout. T-K-O-T-K-O-K-O. He knocked out everybody and he knocked, get the Lewis Ortiz fight, show him the Louis Ortiz fight. Forgive, Forgive this extremely ignorant question. When you say knockout, that means like flatline the guy's done. That's that's not like the ref calls it. That's, that's A TKO is the ref calls it Knockout is like, it's over like you got flatlined and these Are guys that know how to take hits. Elite Guys. Yeah. Well this guy, Louis Ortiz was on the Cuban Olympic team. Jesus. He's a fucking elite fighter. And he was really durable.


And Dion. So Deontay is, see he's the one with his back to us. Yeah. He's long and tall. Oh my God. He's not giant. He's not a big guy in comparison tennis player to a lot of these guys. But he, he catches him with a right hand and flattens him. I think this is the first time they fought Jamie. Oh, you want the second one? Yeah. The second one is the Koko with one punch. So he, he beat him up in the first fight too. But, or Ortiz is an elite boxer and Deontay is not the best boxer. Right. He's just a hitter. Gotta hitter. And he just, he's just waiting, waiting. Blam. Yeah. And he hits guys and they're like, what the fuck? Here it is. Watch this. Wow. That Yeah, It Just collapses. It didn't even seem like it was that hard of a hit.


And and This is an elite heavyweight. Yeah. Show it again. Show it again because it's so crazy. It's just one punch. It's just black. Wilder hurt all the Body. See while there's just weights, weights, weights. It's all waiting. It's not Boxing. Yeah. It's right waiting. He's just waiting. Waiting for his chance. Ortiz Trying to get that record. The Ring overhand left. Now why there needs to get back in the center as King k trudge forward. Unbelievable. Well you got that kind of power. That is so crazy. That's crazy. That's hard for us to, it's hard for me to even wrap my head around, see if They show it in the replay because he hits him on the forehead, which is so crazy.


Just before that. Watch this right there. Just before it, Jamie, let's gonna show this. Okay, here it is. Watch this. He hits him on the forehead, man. Not punching, waiting. So he's just waiting. He's just waiting. He's just pawing at him with his left hand and Oh my God. Look at that Bro. But it's all that torque and length and leverage and just God-given power like nobody Has. Geez. And the fucking slow motion bro. That is so crazy. The slow motion camera that Is so crazy. And look at the torque. Look how the wide shoulders and the timing and the speed and watch just straightens out right on his fucking nogging boom.


You know, and these, And the follow through with the shoulder. Oh my goodness. In these sports like mixed martial arts two, these sports aren't for me because one punch it's done. Oh yeah. Meaning, meaning I like watching that. Meaning I wouldn't have been a good athlete in that sport. Tennis. Why Do you think that? Well, like in tennis, what I love is if you're just bombing ACEs after the first set clean slate, we start all over again. Right. And in boxing you make one mistake like that. And it's done well Against that guy. Against that guy. But that's very unusual.


Most guys Can't do that. They can't do that. Most Guys can hit you pretty hard. He would take a hard hit. Yeah. But you could recover. That's crazy. That's crazy. That's cra That Deontay is like in a world of his own. And he, he's also in a world of his own again. 'cause he's not big. Like there's Daniel Dubois, who is the, he's, I forget which division he's a champion of right now, but he's a, a giant heavyweight who knocks everybody out. But he's 2 55, 2 60. Yeah. Built like a tank. Deontay iss. Literally literally 40 plus pounds lighter than that. And just one punch, blah. I liked how we watched a lot of that. And he hadn't even thrown a punch. He, he hit, he's not hitter wasting. He's a hitter. He's he's a hitter. He's there, he's there to kill You. He's not gonna outbox you and be slick.


Right. In fact, his movement is sometimes awkward. Yeah. He's criticized for having bad foot where his legs look like sticks. Yeah. He has the skinniest legs you've ever seen in your life. Like it's crazy. Yeah. Like you look at his legs, fuck you up. Like how Yeah. How, yeah. But the power this guy generates is outta this world. So his software during a fight is just constantly trying to find the open for one of these huge punches. Yep. That's, that's a whole time he he's doing He's not boxing you. Yeah. I mean he's boxing kind of, but he's really looking for the big one. And you know, if that big one's lands, it's 90 night for everybody. That's The only buddy who's able to survive it is Tyson Fury because he's a fucking animal. Right. And he rose from the dead in the 12th round of their fight where it looked like Deontay had knocked him out.


Cold Deontay even went like that at the end of it. Oh my God. Because he hit him with a right hand and then a left hook as he was going down and he went flat out on his back. And Tyson Fury rose like the undertaker and got right back and won the rest of the round. But that's just, 'cause he's, he's a, that's another very, very rare human being. Tyson Fury, just an animal. Jesus that just an animal. One of the greatest boxers of all time and one of the greatest heavyweights without a doubt of all time when You get hit like that, there's gotta be an enormous physical pain. Duh. But then there also is like, don't you get scared then after a big hit like that? Well, you get super confused. You get confused. 'cause, because I would get scared. You know, you gotta kind of shake off the cobwebs. Your ears are ringing.


Yeah. Your, your legs don't work right anymore when you get knocked down. I only got T KD once in a kickboxing fight. Okay. And ironically it didn't hurt. Okay. The punch that hit me just twisted my jaw. He hit me with a left hook and my legs just gave out like weep, like gone. It's the craziest feeling. It's like, it's, it's not like you got hurt. It's like your legs just shut off. Right. Like he, he clipped me with a left hook that I didn't see in an exchange. And when you get hit on the jaw, something happens in the jaw and I don't know what it is with the nerves behind your neck, but it just shuts everything off. Right. And you're conscious, which is weird, like, so it was completely conscious, but my legs, they disconnected. The just like disconnected and went down.


But they, they reconnected right away. And I got up and I was like, oh no, I'm in trouble. Right. Like they weren't working good. Like everything wasn't working good. And then I got dropped again. He hit me with an upper cut and dropped me and then the referee stopped the fight. But Oh shit. Totally conscious the whole time. But the feeling that you get when you get hit real hard is real weird. It's like nothing works right anymore. Yeah. And you gotta get on your bike and try to move around and get everything working again. And it might take 30 seconds Before and it that 30 seconds when he's also swarming, trained to kill you. Now in the UFC, it's way more accurate because when you get knocked down, they climb on top of you. Right. And beat your fucking brains in or strangle you. Right. Which is really what's supposed to happen. Right. The whole thing of letting someone get up but you're really doing is giving them a chance to get more damage.


That's true. Because they can recover. But not All the way, you know sometimes. Right, right, right. Sometimes the guy gets rocked early in a fight and you can tell for the whole rest of the fight they're still fucked up and they're, they're very defensive. So It's safer, in your opinion, the way UFC does it, where if you start wobbling, I'm immediately on you trying to kill you. And then it's like, as opposed to boxing where they would get you up and you can maybe, I don't think either one is safe. Right. Okay. I think it's an unsafe sport. It's as safe as we can make it. Right. We have laws when you can hit someone, you can't hit 'em in the back of the head. There's Yep. But it's not safe. Yeah. It's a very dangerous, very scary sport. Yeah. But I think realistically, when someone gets hurt and someone finishes 'em off on the ground, that's probably less damage than they would've taken if you gave them a standing a count.


Yeah. Dusted their gloves off, made them move forward and let them go back again and get really molly walled. Right. You know, 'cause a lot of times those are when the real bad Kos come from is when a guy's hurt and then he stands up. And The only thing I can even closely compare this to is being in a car accident. Yeah. And I let Show you one of the greatest examples of that. Alex Pereira, who was a two division glory world champion, pull up Alex Pereira KO's, Jason Wildness. So he, he's like the most destructive kickboxer in the history of the sport. Okay. And he went over to the UFC, became a two division UFC champion, just lost his title last weekend in a really close fight.


Great fight. But he hits this guy with a head kick and drops him. And you can tell this guy's fucked. Right. But they give him the standing 'cause he's in kickboxing, not an MMA. Okay. They give him the standing a count, dust his gloves off you. Okay. Come forward. And then he gets hit with a flying knee on the chin. Oh. And just sent into the shadow realm. Right. And it didn't, didn't need to happen this way. And this is what happens when you take a guy who's like really rocked and kind of fucked to watch this. So he catches him with a head kick. So he's, by the way, Jason Willis had beaten him twice before, so he drops him with the left hand. Okay. Okay. Is this The first fight? Yeah. I don't Know. Or is this the, the head kick?


I don't know. A full fight. I don't know if this is the one. I think this is the one when they went back and forth. I don't think this is the one where he s him. I think this is the one where he drops him 65 maybe. I guess that's later. Yeah. Try to find the later one. This is it. This is the one. 'cause I could tell by his haircut. So Pereira at this time was the champion, and he was getting revenge on willingness who had beaten him before and stopped him with low kicks in one of their fights. So he head kicks him, boom, Boom. So right now, Shit, he's fucked. And on MMA, he would follow up, beat him a couple times. That would be it. That'd be over it. But wilderness is like, they're giving him a chance to clear his Head and your, your coach to like, get up immediately, show that you're okay. Yes. Right. Yeah. And he's like, clean the blood, then watch this.


Boom. My god. Yeah. That's the kinda shit that happens when you're really already fucked. So he can hit you with this flying scissor knee right on the chin. What the fuck is that dude? And he's the most ferocious knockout artist. And he literally in the history of the sport, my, look at this, My on the chin. Oh my God. And that's forget, that's like legal and everything. Oh yeah. It's encouraged. It's Not just legal. That's celebrated. That's one of the greatest techniques in the history of the sport. And Alex Pereira, that's how he won his first UFC fight. He won with that. I see another nasty one. Pull up. Pereira Kao's MICUs. You wanna see another nasty one? This Is, so this is Pereira's first entrance into the UFC.


And I'm a giant fan of kickboxing. So I watch Muay Hai, I watch Dutch Kickboxing, I watch Glory, I watch everything I can about kickboxing. And I knew this guy was really special, so I was completely hyping him up in the, in this first UFC fight. I'm like, just watch. Yeah. And he, he came through in flying colors and he came through with that flying knee. And it's, it's so nuts the amount of power this guy can generate and to with punches and with kicks. But with a flying knee, you have so much torque. You're literally throwing your body weight up into the air. So how Do you avoid a flying knee? Just step outta the way. So it's, it's in the second round, Jamie.


So it's right after this, like right at the beginning of the second round. Yeah. So they start the second round and he's like, fuck this dude, I'm just going to catch 'em coming in and flat line them. This is bruising. Watch this. I mean, this is nutty. See if the production truck can isolate that. Here it is. But it's a nasty wealth on his left cheek, John I was speaking to with All the clinch and the grab. Oh My God. How God Is that? That is so fast. He's such a fucking animal. He's such a monster dude. He's such a monster. So how would you even, how you can't block that. You just try to get outta the way of it.


Well, you Have to get the fuck out the way of that. You don't wanna block that because if you're well, you, you certainly should block it rather than take it on the chin. But once he's in the air like that, if that catches your arms, it could break your forearm. I mean, the amount of power that's involved in that particular technique is fucking extraordinary because it's a natural move movement of your hips. Thank you. It's a thing that you do your whole life running and jumping. Yeah. You're, you're doing so you can explode. Yeah. Very quickly. And you're hitting someone with your knee, which is the most immobile part. Yes. Yes. Like if you want to hit someone with a joint, it's elbows and knees, but the knees preferable. But aren't you putting yourself in a vulnerable position to throw a flying knee?


Yeah. You gotta wait till a guy's fucked. Right. Okay. And that's what he does. Right? He waits till you're fucked because If, 'cause you are jumping in the air Yes. Exposing yourself. So what I would do is I would, I would move outta the way Joe, and then I would pop him. I would pop Him. But some guys are just really good. Like John Jones, when he won the light heavyweight title, one of the craziest things that John did, he's 22 years old and he's fighting Maurizio Shogun Hua, who is a legend. He was a light heavyweight champion. He was a legend of this organization called Pride in Japan, where they sold out like 90,000 seat arenas. I mean, he's a, like a real legend of the sport. And John opens with a flying knee, opens first move flying knee, catches him knee, and then just beats the shit out of him and wins the title and becomes the youngest ever UFC champion.


That's a great name. The flying Watch. This is the beginning of the fight. No show gun is, like I said. Yeah. He's a fucking legend and a knockout artist. And John starts right away, boom bang, flying knee to open up the fight and just put on a clinic. Put on a clinic and won the title at 22 years of age. That's a ballsy move to start with that. He's a ballsy motherfucker. Yeah. Yeah. That's a big swing right outta the gate. Yeah. To flying knee. That's a crazy Move. But some guys can pull it off and it helps being tall. Like Alex is very tall. Yeah. John's tall. So it's, it's hard to hit their chin, but you know, it doesn't always work. Like sometimes guys do it and they get knocked out cold. How does your fucking kneecap not break too?


It doesn't. No. Your kneecap versus chin. I'll take kneecap all day long. Okay. All right. Especially when your knee's bent and you're hitting 'em with this part right here. You can hit that pretty hard on things. You'd be surprised. I have so much respect for these athletes and I'm also, I can't be far enough away from it. Just once The go wrong. I wanna show you the flying ne go wrong. Pull up Fedor Emelianenko versus Oh, Andre Aki. I'm Sorry. You wanna see a flying Nico Ron? Yeah. Andre Arlovski fed Emelianenko. So this is Andre Aki was actually winning this fight and he actually was kind of tuning Fedor up and he was hitting him with some big shots and he got a little crazy and he lept in with a flying knee and got flatlined.


Well that's what I'm, that's This Is what you would do. That's what I was thinking. This is what I would do. Yeah. No, but I was thinking this is a vulnerable position. You don't wanna be in the air. True. So he's fighting the guy with the bald head. Yeah. That's fed Orko, who's a legend. So watch Arloski, he catch him with the kick. He's, Phil Cocky tries to flying Nate. Boom. Oh shit. Flatlined. But he's fighting in Fedor. That's literally Okay. The greatest heavyweight of all time. This, if not one of the greatest. Like there's the argument that he's the greatest. So he catches him on the chin as he's leaping in. Right. Like perfect punch. So the guy with the beard thought He thought he was vulnerable. Yeah. He was beating his ass a little bit and, And he made a mistake and He tried to come in cocky with a flying knee and he got clipped on The jaw.


Oh my God. And as soon as he gets hit, you just see the, his flying knee, knee just drop. Also, You gotta think where Fedor threw that punch. 'cause Fedor knew he was going in the air. This is like the reeds this guy's able to get. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He sees our ky make a motion like bend at the knees. Okay, here we go. Like he's gonna launch himself. And so if you look at where he punches him, he punches him so high up in the air so he knew where his head was gonna be. Look at that. Look how high is See it, he's ducked down and he's way up in the air and he catches him perfectly on the chin. Yeah. Like that is just an understanding of positioning and where a guy's gonna be and where what the timing of your punches. This is reminding me of the way Roger Federer would notice his opponent would quarter of an inch open up his grip on the run and Roger would know forehand slices coming, I'll sneak in and pop.


And now it's much different sport obviously. Really, but it's reading just the grip. Yeah. Dude, if you just, typically he does it like this and this time he's doing it tiny boom. They go, wow. What's, what's so different about tennis obviously is then you just volleyball for a winner. It's 15 love. You don't Get head kicked. You don't get fucking knocked out. I mean, this is why this, this shit fascinates me, but I don't know. But it's, The consequences are so great. The consequences are so great that people look at it as a barbaric, horrific thing. Yeah. Which is valid. Yeah. I understand why pacifists and people are very peaceful, don't want to have anything to do with violence. Yeah, I get it. Yeah. But what it is to me is the ultimate problem solving. Yeah. It's it's problem solving.


Yeah. You have a person in front of you that is doing all of these things to try to throw you off. They're fainting you, they're moving, they're switching stances. Yep. They're shooting in for take downs that they don't want so they can catch you with a punch on the way in. There's so many variables you have to think about. So it's just like high level problem solving with dire physical consequences. Yeah. I love sport because it, it teaches life lessons with very low stakes. Mm. But in this, that's high stakes, these sports, there's high stakes. Yeah. And that's very interesting for me because I would much rather my kid play soccer or tennis, learn some important lessons with low stakes. But this type of thing that is serious stakes, Man, it is serious stakes.


I think kids, especially boys, should all learn how to fight so that they don't ever fight. That's what I Think. I, I as a 45-year-old grown man, I wish I would've learned how to fight. Yeah. And I think it's probably not too late. It's not too late. You know, you got a gym over here. Yeah. I was telling you, you can get into juujitsu, you'd be great at it. You have jiji, you limbs, you're athletic. So Yeah. That's, that's what I, shoulds Limbs are huge in jujitsu, juujitsu because there's certain things that you'll be able to catch that other people can't catch with shorter limbs. Like a darce choke. So a dar is, so say if you come to grab me and you have your head here and your arm wraps around me like this, I can shove my arm under like this Gopuff the side of your neck and clamp it like this.


And now I've got you in a wicked choke, no shit. It's called the dars choke shit. The dar choke. You will be way better at that than me because you have an extra six inches that you can seal this thing up. Okay. So your, your hand will go further than mine. You'll be able to grab it deeper. Get I can, dude, I'm writing down dars choke. Yeah. And what I'll do tonight on my YouTube is I'll watch some DARS jokes. Yes. And I, And then you do it the other way. It's an anaconda. So you either go, oh shit, armpit this way, it's a dars. Or you go head this way, armpit that way it's an anaconda. And with the anaconda you roll like an anaconda and you squeeze 'em deeper into The choke. And I just squeeze until the referee says, says it's over. Yes. And your long legs, you could wrap around their body to secure them in place.


You could grab a hold of one of their legs so they can't turn away from you. Yeah. You can turn into 'em and fucking keep the squeeze on. And the dude, you'd Be Wicked at it. And in a competition that happens until the ref calls it. Or do I go, oh, the person taps out. Most of the time they tap out. Most of the time you tap out cause it wasn You know, it's over. You know, it's over. You're, if you're a psycho, you go to sleep. And there are a lot of psychos that just let people choke 'em unconscious. That just, that happens All the time. Guys just say, fuck it, I'm gonna get choked unconscious. And they just go Out. And then the refer will the referend rep refer stops you? Hopefully. Hopefully, Hopefully. But sometimes the referees miss it. And sometimes someone's out for like seconds. Ah, fuck. While someone's still fucking squeezing the shit outta their neck. And then the referee finally figures it out versus like, like in the shadow realm.


I do absolutely love that. In the, in these sports there's this extreme violence, high stakes, but then also a simple tap Yes. Is a mutual agreement. A hundred percent. That's fucking awesome. And If you don't stop when someone taps, you'll get kicked outta the sport. Yeah. There's a guy named Humar Paul Harris, who was one of the scariest motherfuckers to ever fight because he was a leg lock specialist. Okay. And what he would do is rip your knees apart. And he wouldn't, he wouldn't let go when you tapped. And he got kicked outta the UFC for it. Wow. Because he did it to so many people. Yeah. He was known for not letting go. Right. And he would, these guys would be screaming in agony and slapping and Tapping. Slap him him out and he Would be still twisting.


Wow. And he was built like a human pit bull. Right. He was like five seven, a hundred eighty five pounds of solid muscle. And he would just dive on your legs and roll into these positions and rip your knees apart. Like with a heel hook. A heel hook is so terrible because your knee has a lot of strength going forward and backwards, but it has almost none going side to side. So they isolate the top of it with their legs. They wrap the heel into the crook of their elbow, and then they wrench that motherfucker apart. It's literally twisting your knee apart and it's terrifying. Oh my God. And he cripples people like you were fucked. He'll tear your ACL, your MCL, your meniscus.


You're gonna go a whole year before you can fight again. You're gonna have to get surgery to reconstruct your knee. And then your knee's never gonna be the same. 'cause your meniscus is shot now. And maybe some of your cartilage. So this is him. I, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. So this is, I This is a fight that he had against David Avalon. And this is fucked because they stop the motion and they put him back into the same position. And when they put him back into the same position, he, he doesn't let go. So he, he holds onto the heel hook and just wrenches the fucking shit out. Like this right here. Ah, he let go there. He let go there because I think they were like chastising him to make sure, like, look at that. Oh, look At what he does. I I I don't wanna look really? And look At the build on this guy. Paul Howards was a fucking specimen and he's Trying to turn the knee sideways.


He's ripping this shit apart right here, man. He's pulling it backwards. It's backwards and at a slight angle. I mean, this is horrific. And look at the build on Paul Harris. Imagine the fucking force the size of this guy's legs, the size of his torso and perfect technique. And he's just ripping his fucking knee apart. That's a nasty knee bar right there. That's so horrible to watch. But in, in MMA, he wound up getting kicked outta the UFC because I think it was Mike Pierce. See if you can find the Mike Pierce fight. It might not have been Pierce that I I of these fights. I Love, I love that the tap Generally speaking. Yeah, it does, Of course. But in this case, the Mike Pierce one, he's screaming and tapping and Paul Harris is terrible.


Still ripping it apart. I mean, then my, one of my favorite parts of tennis is how they'll battle for five and a half hours and then they calmly walked it. So Here it is. Look, He's tapping, He's watch. So he gets it. He's tear, he's tapping and he won't let go. Won't, he's still in the referees on him. He's still yanked on it. So those, That Extra second will just, that's a big rip your shit apart. So he taps immediately. See, none of this has to happen. Right. He was tapping immediately. I feel like the ref was on that. I know. But it's like Paul Harris doesn't give a fuck. Yeah. He's out for blood. I mean, he had like a crazy childhood. He grew up on a farm with like no food. Like it's a really, like he's he's feral. Yeah, he's feral. Which, and he's super technical, which Would serve you, I'm sure.


Oh yeah. Yeah. Well, until you get kicked outta the sport, You know, unfortunately Got it's, it's incredibly violent, but also systematic in its understanding of the human body. Oh yeah. We're gonna know that The knee doesn't go this way. No. It's Really, really Technical. All sports are like this actually. Yeah. I think all sports at the highest levels. Yeah. They have to be like that. Yeah. Because you only get so far with genetics and so far with natural speed and endurance. Yeah. There's certain aspects of it that require a careful considered study. And wouldn't you, if you know your opponent is a guy that likes to do the, the, the, the, wouldn't you then in your training work on Yes.


Defending that And also like making sure your knee can withstand more of that than normal. You know, you're not gonna be able to do that. You can do that. There's only so much, There's no special knee to knee pill you can take. You gotta tap when you get into those positions. And then you gotta make sure that you don't get into those positions, which is the most important thing. The tapping must be so humbling as a fighter, because you've trained so hard, you wanna win so badly, and yet you have to do this thing. You have to press the eject button. Well Hopefully you will tap because guys haven't tapped and they've gotten their arms broken in half. Right. And I've seen quite a few of those, including legends. Like Frank Meer one time he tapped too Much pride. You mean to tap? Yeah. Yeah. Because he fought Antonio Noguera, who was another legend, who was former heavyweight champion of pride.


And he caught him in a Kimora and snapped his upper arm and we watched his arm crack and then go limp and you could see like where it was cracked up here, like Oh. Oh. It was Horrific. That's terrible. So hard to Watch when you're commentating. Are you present moment completely? Oh yeah. Yeah. Like a hundred percent. You're just, you, you're not locked. You're not thinking like, it's not like these baseball commentators were like, I got a story I'll tell later in this. No, no. 'cause you, you, it is that new. Yeah. Great. New great. Especially not while the actual fight is going on. Yeah. The actual fight is life and death. You know, you, you have to be locked in. But Daniel Cormier, my co so there's like two color commentators, me and Daniel coordinator and there's John Annick, who's the play Byplay guy.


Me and Daniel fuck around a lot. Yeah. We, we joke around a lot about stuff Yeah. During the, because he's like a fun guy. Yeah. But when things are serious, we're serious. Yeah. You you have to be like, you know, this is like, you're representing these people's hard work. You're trying to like put words to I I I love that. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. You have to be very serious about it Because the stakes are so high. Yeah. And it's wild though that people might know you if they're just being introduced to you as the commentator for that. Yeah. And maybe don't know the other stuff. And Well, it's Confusing for sure. But it's also like, it's one of the things that I'm most impressed with by what you do is, as someone that has this passion for tennis, I'm like, it's so cool how you dive into a completely different world.


Yeah. And we just can't apologize for it. You can't wonder what other people think about it. Right. You just have to be yourself. Right. And I grew up a martial artist. Right. Martial arts is a Right. An enormous part of my life. Yeah. It's an enormous part of like, how I became who I am. Yeah. So for me, like commentating on martial arts is Normal. Right. You're not a comedian who then No. Switched over to martial arts 'cause it served you. It's, it's your foundation of who you are. And you also happen to be a comedian and podcast host. Yeah. But like, I'm not interested in being funny. Yeah. You know, I'm just trying to do that. Like, I've done commentary on professional pool too. Whoa. 'cause I play pool. Yeah. Like, and I play pretty good. Yeah. And so I, I really understand with the game and I know what's going on. So I've done commentary on that too.


It's the same thing. It's What's your favorite pool movie? Billy movie? The Hustler. The Hustler. Okay. The only Answer to that question is The Hustler. I thought the Color of money had a, had a run. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. Okay. It's Okay. All right. The Color of Money is good. Yeah. It's a good tournament movie. It's a good mo but it's, you know, there's some things in it and because Paul Newman was in it, you know, it kind of gave it some validity. Yeah. 'cause it was the same Walter Tevis novel as The Hustler. Yeah. The Color of Money was, it was very different. The book was very different though. Okay. But yeah, the Color of Money was great because it got a lot of people playing Pool again. But The Hustler is just an amazing film. Okay. Like the, the actual film itself is amazing. It's like Piper l is incredible in it.


It's, it's just, it's George C. Scott is in it. Jackie Gleason plays Minnesota Fats. Right. Minnesota, who's by, by the way. Jackie Gleason was a real pool player. He's probably the only guy that's ever played a pool player in a movie that really could play. My brother once got a book for Christmas called How to Hustle Your Friends At Pool. And it was in our, it was in our basement. We had a pool table. But I just, it was one of those things same that I worked at it, I can never get it right. And eventually other things came more naturally to me. But it is fun. Pool Is something if you really wanna play Right, you have to get coached. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. It's just like tennis. Yeah. I'm sure it's like there you can develop some bad habits and bad fundamentals that you'll never, you're never gonna pass.


Yeah. A certain level of play. Yeah. You know, but I think it's like everything. I think it's like chess. It's like tennis. It's like, You know, Schultz was in here the other day and he's into the sport Paddle. Have you, have you seen Paddle? Is this P-A-D-E-L? Yes. Padell. Yeah. This is the, Oh, is it Padell? Well, I've heard Padell. It depends on how you want, how pretentious you wanna. Perfect. Of course. Or if you're Spanish or Spanish. Oh, did they say Padel? That's where it's from. Yeah. Oh, well why, why don't we call it Padell then? That's 'cause Schultz said that's what they did. He paddle like hes from fucking like a New Yorker. Yeah. So, you know, tennis has had this, this great historical run on elite racket sports. And then pickleball has been this counter response to tennis, silly ball, loud noise.


Don't really have to move much. And pickleball has been taking off. I don't know if you've played or if you've seen It. Kid Rock plays every day. Okay, perfect. That's, that's, He gets up at eight in the morning and plays pickleball with his Trainer. That is, that is exactly my point. Okay. I was in Scottsdale, Arizona recently. I did an hour of pickleball. The community there, had music going, cracking beers Costa come over play with us. Very, Very Fun. Very fun. I then go over to the other side and play tennis, which is my sport. And no joke, this older couple says you're talking too loudly on the courts. Right. It's this beautiful dichotomy of these two sports. I don't know if pickle ball's a sport, but Padel comes along and seems to be this middle ground.


Yeah. What I don't like about pickleball is you get to the, what they call the kitchen line and you can't move anymore. You're frozen. You so you just stand there frozen and you just, you knock the ball around. I like a sport. I want 360 degree movement. I don't want to be, yeah. I don't want the, I don't want the dimensions of the court to restrict my movement or the rules of the game. Padel seems to be both. It's tennis but it's in this box. And they sometimes run outside of the box. Yeah. They run outside The, it's fucking insane. And I've actually never played. But the points never end because you're on this, this I, I just see people blow. I mean look at their A S Going outside the Box. I know. That's nuts. That is nuts.


So it almost seems gimmicky to me. That's funny that Andrew plays. But I would like to play this and look, I, you know, also one of the best things that happened for racket sports is hd TV Dude when you used to with you when you were a kid watching 10, watching Jimmy Connor's jump M you never even see the fucking ball. Right, right, right. It's the same colors as the court. Right. And this shit now is unbelievable To watch. Yeah. You see how fast. Yeah. That's like what they've done with hockey where they highlight the puck. I love that shit. That's a game changer at first. People now I know what's going on. At first people made fun of it and I was like, I need, yeah. And in hockey with the substitutions on the fly, I never know who, who the fuck's on the ice. Yeah. I love that though. I love that they do that. That's so cool. I've Been watching professional lacrosse lately. Oh sure.


Once I realized they could beat the fuck out of each other. I didn't know that they could fight like they do hockey. I didn't know they could Fight. They fight and they wear shoes, which is crazy. 'cause now you're bare knuckle boxing in the middle of a game. What does the shoes have to do with it? What do you mean a grip? Oh you mean like, like a cleage shoe? Yeah. Right. Well The difference between running around on ice skates, you're sliding around. The fighting is like, yeah, they're fighting but they're kind of compromised 'cause they can't really like, you know, good skaters can kind of hold, it's not like having grip with your shoes. Right. And being able to really, yeah. You can really hurt people. Yeah. So they're beating the shit out of each other. I'm like, wow. Lacrosse. Lacrosse always kind of had the like douchey rich kid sport. But it is incredibly, this is, yeah. With this, this, They stopped doing this in the nineties.


Yeah. I was gonna say they stopped doing this. Yeah. I don't watch hockey, but I like this. My favorite. My favorite was, Let me put a circle around it. It flew, when it flies around, It got a lot of pushback. But I always don't. Sorry, I was double checking. I don't think they Do. I might show it sometimes in a highlight, But That's funny. I always avoided winter sports. When I was a kid. I didn't learn how to ski until I was in my forties. And I never learned how to ice skate because I was fighting All the time. So I didn't wanna do anything that would've hurt myself doing it. Right. So I like, and everybody was like, we're gonna go skiing. I was like, Uhuh. Yeah. Get the fuck outta here. Like I need these, this, it was like super important to Yeah. This got everybody excited though A few weeks ago though. What did they do? USA Canada fight or a game? There was nine fights and or three Fights for Nine seconds.


They just started squaring Off. Yeah. Why we upset at Canada. Is it, this is stupid. Is This over tariffs? Yes. A hundred percent. They booed us over tariffs. They're also trying to get, I mean it worked. They got a ton of attention. So everyone was Who's red and who's blue? Well Canada's red. There You go. Who's running this exchange? Red, White and Blues America. One dude keeps his helmet on. That's ridiculous. That helmet's a problem. Yeah. They punch through. I do love when you hear their microphones during a fight and they fight and then they go like, you ready to be done? Yeah. I'm ready to be done. I love that. You know, it's like I I, I was at the comic strip in Edmonton years ago when Canada played us in the gold medal game. Someone sent me the country's water usage during that game and at every period end the water usage would go up 'cause everyone went would go to the bathroom.


Right. And it was like the whole fucking country went to the bathroom at the same time and Canada won. And I think it was an overtime, I was the only American there. But man, do they love a good winter sport up there. And we gotta become friends with Canada again. We have to like Yeah. You know I'm down. This is so ridiculous. Love Canada. I can't believe that there's like anti-American and anti Canadian sentiment going on. It's the dumbest. Is There anti Canada? There it is. That's nuts. Look at the water conception is there. That's crazy. Right? When the passes go, I love on this pod. If I say something, I gotta be ready for you guys to fact check my Ass. Jamie's ready. Is there anti Canadian sentiment? Yeah. There's a lot of idiots that now think that there Are fucking enemy.


Okay. That why we subsidizing Canada. Right. Welcome. They don't have their own Military. Well they don't. So let's just like deal with it as it is. I, you know, Trudeau is out, right? He's already leaving and I feel like yeah, they got a new guy who's just as bad. Bad, same thing. But they got a new party. 150 people voted. Now they have a new shit. Oh shit. New guy running the country. But they, their whole election system is so different. They don't have like a specific time when they have elections and so they Can call an election and I think it happens within three weeks. Oh Shit. The whole thing is so crazy. And so I don't know what's happening with their politics, but I just want America and Canada to get along. Yeah. I think it's ridiculous. Yeah. It's a good, as someone who's from Ann Arbor, Michigan, you know, and I don't really think they should be our 51st state there.


I said it that You said it, it's on record. It Would be fun if it happened. It would be fun. I think Greenland's more accessible. Yeah, you could probably buy that. Yeah. If you want a 51st state, it's Greenland. Plus if global warming is real 'cause of All the digging and oil and all that shit, you know, it'd be good to have a cold spot to eventually warm up. I I just read this crazy book called Power Metals by Vince Bier possibly. We had him on the show, daily show. And it's all about like minerals and metals And what we need for our batteries and cobalt mining in Africa. And I went down to all this YouTube shit with like, oh yeah. The child, you know, labor and all. But very, I was very ignorant to how much we need and use metals.


Oh yeah. Nickel, copper, you know, wild batteries, EVs, everything. And so then when the news came out that Trump wanted Greenland, I was like, oh, this is starting to make more sense to me now. There's a lot of stuff up there. There's A lot also a lot of stuff in the sky. If they can mine asteroids, if they can successfully figure it out, how mine a they can get a lot of precious minerals. Let's fucking do that From a Yeah. Well there's a, that's that's a few decades away, but they'll figure it out eventually. They, they've been able to get samples from asteroids and they, they know like what the composites are And you know, there's asteroids out there that are filled with trillions of dollars in minerals. That is fucking nuts. I know. It's nuts. Yeah. And they can figure it out. They will, they'll, they'll eventually figure it out.


But I had sidharth Cara on. Okay. Who has done, he's done some pretty brilliant and brave investigative work on the cobalt mines. And you know, he took video of these, I'll have to check that. These what they call artisanal mines. It's essentially Yes. Slaves digging this stuff out of the ground with their babies on their back. Yeah. This is from Sedars book. Yeah. I mean this is fucking crazy. And they're digging the cobalt out of the ground with like, literally with sticks. Everybody's breathing it in. It's all toxic. These women have babies on their back. Yeah. The babies are breathing it in. And then there's these pools, right. That you, that you put the water and its toxic water and the pools are different colors and we don't know where this goes.


And the water seeps in. And is this also I can get the new iPhone 14 max or whatever the fuck it Is. A hundred percent. That's exactly what it is. And that's terrible. It's the only way we're getting that stuff. Right. It's most of the cobalt's coming from that area. And it's, it's also then you go to the actual construction of the phone itself and you see those factories, those foxcon factories where they have nets around them to keep people from jumping off, off the roofs. Jumping off, off. And you realize these people are working in these horrific conditions. Yeah. So that you can get an iPhone that cost 1399. Yeah. Instead of 1599 or whatever the fuck it would be if it was made in America with people paid a working wage and healthcare and Yeah. All the stuff that you're supposed to get if you're gonna be working. So why, especially if a company like Apple that's worth more than any corporation ever, like Apple's.


Right. Insanely profitable. So we, we did this piece at The Daily Show once about the sugar cane agriculture in the central Florida. They over fertilize, it gets, makes more sugar faster. All of the fertilization goes down to Lake Okeechobee, then goes out to the oceans where the algae blooms, the manatees die, dah, dah, dah. And I'm just going, I think most people would pay an extra 25 cents a year for this not to happen to spend more on sugar. Why? Yeah. Why are we doing this? Why I, I would pay more to have my iPhone be made in America by American hands. Yeah, We've talked about that. But the problem is the infrastructure that's required to be able to build phones here is a decade away.


Right. It takes a long time to build the kind of factories that can have like the tolerances of these chips and Right. They've been doing it in China forever. So it, most of It's fucking wild. I mean, I was, I I was loading my kids in the car, put my phone on top of my car 'cause I didn't have an extra hand. Forget it's there driving through Pennsylvania. We, yeah. And it's gone. I hear it's BBB all over the highway. It's bouncing. I stop, I finally find my phone in the woods and nine one one is on the phone. Whoa. We we recognize that there was a crash. Are you okay doing Holy shit? And I'm like, how the fuck what? Holy shit that that's in this thing. Yeah. That's pretty wild. It's wild. And It was also watching everything you do and listening to all your true conversations and recommending Google searches.


Yeah. Why, why don't you buy this Michael? Hey Michael, maybe you'd be interested in buying this. It seems like you were interested, but we're talking about vacation homes in Hawaii. Look Michael, What about when you've already bought it? That always is weird. Yeah. It's weird when it's like you're in the algorithm. I'm in the algorithm. Yeah. You get sucked into the algorithm. You know, it's, it's an interesting world that we live in with all that stuff. 'cause it's like you're constantly getting inundated. That's one of the things that I really enjoy about podcasts is the one time for three hours a day where I don't look at my phone. Yeah. I don't have any texts coming in i's on do not disturb. I don't care. I mean that could arguably be why maybe you have this supernatural memory and brain power because you more than anybody probably in the world, maybe United States are actually away from this for, for four hours.


Just talking. That could be interesting. That's, did I just crack something? That's something. There maybe something to that. But I think it's just the sheer volume of people that I've talked to. Yeah. It's like you're getting information, But you're retaining a lot of that. I've always been good at that for some reason. Yeah. You know, I mean you just referenced the guest. You had this previous book. Yeah. Are you retaining, are you you doing a trick or anything to retain that? No. You're just locked in and engaged. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I buy, I take supplements from memory too though. Yeah. You know, I take Alpha Brain, which is a, I saw it. It's called a nootropic. Yeah. Saw. I saw it out there. You Can grab some I didn't take, I didn't want be too No. Get in there too sharp for for the pot. Have the thing that of Ven vending machine, you get free Alpha Brain, you just press the button.


You don't have money. How many pods do you get Free Alpha Brain on? That's pretty sick. Any one You want. Yeah. That's cool. It's, but that stuff's legit. It really works. And it really does. We, that was from my company on it. And when we first made it, a lot of people were saying, oh, this is snake oil. This is bullshit. I had already had experience with Nootropics because there's a company called Neuro One. And Bill Romanowski, the football player developed it because he was having memory problems after All the, you know, hits. And I was on a radio show in San Francisco and one of the guys was working out with Bill Romanowski and he started taking this neuro one. He's like, dude, it's like, I'm so much more focused. It's really great.


I'm like, okay, I'm gonna try this. And I was like, oh, this is legit. Like, I feel like my mind feels clearer. Like I, I feel like I have more thought energy. If that makes any sense. Yeah. So then we started experimenting with different ones. And there's a bunch I like, one of 'em is this company Neuro, these are mints, neuro mints. But they make neuro gum, which I'm a big fan of. I chew it All the time. It's gum has like a little bit of caffeine, a little bit of thine in it. What's the, the goal just to kind of keep the brain energy high? Yes. Yeah. You want to provide your brain with the nutrients your brain needs to produce human neurotransmitters. All right. I'm gonna take this maybe, maybe we'll do like a before after That, You know, is mine.


I usually take two. Okay. I wanna take the mints, But They're legit. This is, so this is one Neuro Gums, another one. True Brain is another one that I've tried. That's really good. It's like little packets you drink. I've found, I just assumed it was like kids and age and getting older that I'll lose my train of thought more often than I ever have before. Oh yeah. And I, yeah. I hate it. Writing, writing a joke. It's not fun. It's not fun. And, and everything I read says like, keep exercising, get blood flow in your body. This maybe sauna helps. Sleep's a big one. Sleep. So isn't it crazy how much an athlete, the best athletes treat sleep? Oh yeah. I mean, Pete like steroids used to travel with duct tape.


So when he get to the hotel, he would tape the curtain to the window so no excess light would get in because he wanted like full darkness. A float tank situation. Yeah. And I'm like, you know at that level when you're playing for one in the world, like all that little stuff. Yep. Yeah. And that's wild. Meanwhile you get my house, I lay down, we shut off the lights. Sonos has a light, the wifi thing has a light, the clock has, it's so much extra excess light all around. Yep. Yeah. It's not Good. Maybe that's why I can't remember the joke I'm about to tell. Sleep Is a big problem. Yeah. You know, you really need to get a solid seven, eight hours of sleep every night. And if you don't, you're gonna feel it. One of the best supplements for mitigating the effects of sleep deprivation is actually creatine.


Okay. Creatine is actually, my Buddy just started taking it. I don't, I don't know. I take it every day. I took it in college. The strength team coach made me take it and it bothered my stomach. Well there's Different forms of creatine. I take it in gummy form, which doesn't seem to bother me at all. I've had people that take it like liquid, they pour it into water and they get diarrhea. I haven't had that happen. But it's also like, there's different kinds of creatine. Yeah. You want really good creatine. Like you want a reputable company that makes creatine monohydrate. And then this is another thing called HMB that people mix with creatine, but creatine besides being a muscle builder. 'cause it really does enhance your recovery and helps you build muscle.


It also is a nootropic, it also helps brain function because it, which makes sense because if your body works better, your brain works better. Yeah. You know, and it, it makes you retain more water. You can, you have more water in your body, which is obviously also a good thing. Yep. And especially for an athlete and especially for someone who wants to think, like, one of the worst ways to think is if you're dehydrated. If you're dehydrated and tired, like you're fucked. You're working on like 50% brain capacity. Well you, I love watching sports. You know, the end. You see these silly mistakes always. Why? Why would they do that? That's, you know, why'd the ball go through his legs? Why did he choose to serve to that side? Why did he throw the fast ball down the middle? Because they're fucking dehydrated and tired.


Yeah. And it is crazy how that affects brain function. Oh sure. And that's why I love the couch fan. Oh my God. Why did he throw that? It's like with a beer in your hand, you're literally big belly. You're Literally drinking a beer. This Guy's, this guy's a pussy. This Guy's a pussy. If I was getting that money, I'd fight Mike Tyson. Exactly. I'd come out swinging. Yeah. The couch fan is their best. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, like in fights, you see it All the time when people are exhausted, they make terrible decisions. They shoot for take downs, they get caught in guillotine, chokes 'cause they're exposed. They're just, they're exhausted and they just take a chance and they don't have the energy to complete the technique correctly. Yep. Yeah. Oh Dude. I mean, my parenting with a full night's sleep versus like had an early flight had to fly.


I mean, it's crazy. Yeah. Everything is, You know, I mean I'm like, I'd like to think a kind patient parent on a good night's sleep. But like when I get home after a road gig or whatever, even coming up this Sunday, I have an early flight. I'm gonna get to Brooklyn. I know it's gonna be 1:00 PM and the wife's gonna hand me the kids and go your turn. Right. And I'm gonna be like, dude, the patience is gonna be, it's gonna be tough. Yeah. Well you're gonna be exhausted from the flight. Yep. You know what I, I found helps a lot from flights is if you can work out immediately after Right. When you land. Okay. Like right when you land, just, Just get into it. Just get Something going. Yeah. Even if it's 20 minutes, do a bunch of pushups and sit up and chin ups. Yeah. Just get, get it going. Just reset the clock.


'cause when you exert yourself like hard, you have a hard, You know, 20 minutes, half hour of working out, it resets you and you're like, okay, I'm back. Yep. I'm Okay. I'm very excited about this weekend because my former assistant coach at Illinois where I played tennis is the head coach here at Texas. Oh. At ut? And at ut. Nice. So he, he's won an NCAA championship. His name is Bruce Burke. He's an excellent coach, but he's like, dude, come hit with us. Oh wow. So I'm gonna be training with the Texas team and they're beasts. These guys are, you know, it's, so that's, that's exciting for me. That's cool. That's super fun to get to do that. And then performing mothership, dude never even stepped foot in this place. Oh, I'm excited for you to go.


And It's selling out so fast. I mean, you've created it. Last time I was here it was like still an idea. Yeah. Adam t was around. But now, I mean, it's just amazing man. It's, you've built something amazing. Yeah. It, it's as good. It's better than we have ever hoped. We never hoped it was gonna be what it is now. It's, it's perfect. Was The comedy store a foundational thought with this? Oh yeah. Yeah. For sure. Mitzi's Room is obviously testament to her. Yeah. And I never met Mitzi. I never fucking met her. That's crazy. That's her, that Painting's her. Let me ask something that's crude. Okay. Was she, was she a hot She was hot. She hot when she was young. Yeah.


Okay. When she looked like that. Right. She's hot because I see, like, I go to the La Jolla comedy store and I see All the pictures of her and I'm like, I think Mitzi was hot. Yeah. You know, but I didn't ever, she was hot When she was young. I didn't meet her then I met her in 94. You know, she was already Yeah. Quite a bit older. And she started suffering the beginnings of her neurological condition. Right. Like she would have a little bit of shakes, but she was there. Yeah. And you know, you could have conversations with her and she, she helped me a lot and And she also helped foster an environment of creativity. Yeah. And of co collaboration and of, you know, there was, it was of a home. Yeah. For a lot of, you know, road comics.


Like there was this thing that you knew that you would Go home and on Tuesday and Wednesday nights Yep. We would be at the store having the time of our lives. Yep. On Tuesday and Wednesday nights we would be working on new jokes. Yeah. We would be doing sets, we'd be laughing together. Yeah. Everybody's cracking jokes in the parking lot. It was so much fun. And it was that home environment that we wanted to recreate as much as possible. That's Awesome. And to make it as comic friendly, as public. Like what if you ever wanted in a club that they didn't have. Okay, let's get that. Yeah. Like what, how do you want it this to be, how do you want to get to the stage? What do you think we do the best? And I asked everybody and Louis CK gave me some of the best advice. Amazing. Like Louis told me to lower the ceilings. Yep. I shorten the stage in the smaller room. He told me like to deaden the sound as much as possible.


Everybody wants that echo because it makes it sound like people are killing more. You want clear sound. Right. He's dead right on everything. Wow. 'cause he has a production mind. You know, he doesn't just have a mind of a comic. He also has a mind of like, what's the best way to set things up for a film or for, you know, set the environment. Yep. You feel and notice all that stuff on stage as performing recently ceiling's tall crowd is full. Yeah. But where's the laughs going? Am I killing? I feel like I'm doing well, but I'm not hearing it. Yeah. Now I'm in my head a little bit. Right. That's changed my order. Now I'm, now I'm doing the bit that I know is gonna kill instead of just letting things real and it's like all of that matters.


Yeah. All of that matters. High Ceilings is a big Thing. It's a problem. You wanna Be locked in. I want everybody to be locked in The Comedy store, the way you just described that was, was really became my clubhouse. Yeah. And then I was a little bit, I got past there when you were gone for a little while and I remember when you came back changed. Changed dramatically. But LA was really, really tough for me initially upon moving there. And then all of a sudden you get into a place like that, there's a place to drink, there's a place to talk shit. There's Yeah. A place to Oh my god. Even just parking. Yeah. Right. Park here and then just hang. Yeah. You know, it was, it changed the game. It changed the game for me.


So it Changed the game for all of us. Yeah. And having a, like the improv was always a great club to perform at. Of course I always perform there. Of course. Laugh actor's, fun. But there's something about the store. Yeah. I was like, that was home base. And so the idea of doing something like that in Texas, Ron White was the first guy to open my eyes to it because Ron had moved here before the pandemic. And Ron's like, it's in the middle of the country. I don't have to fucking fly for six hours. It's like the place is great Food's nice people are cool. I'm like, fuck could I live in Texas? I, because I always wanted to get outta la. Yeah. Because I felt like, especially when my kids were young, I was like, I've been through this with my older daughter. I was like, I don't think LA's a good place for children. Okay. I don't think it's a good place for young people. Okay. I think it's just filled with too many like bizarre ambitions.


Yeah. And, and creeps and Yeah. And it just like, people are devalued because there's so many of them. Yeah. It's too, it's too overwhelming. Yeah. So I'd always thought about getting out and then the pandemic hit and then Ron White was the one who talked me into opening up the club. Like we were doing local shows at the Vulcan and we had talked about maybe opening up a club, like maybe we should buy a club here. And then Ron White got off stage. He hadn't been on stage in like seven or eight months and he murdered. He got a standing ovation when he got on stage and turned out he had, he was playing it off. He had practiced all day. He'd gone over his notes and he's just fucking professional. Right. Just murdered. And then he grabs me by the shoulders. He goes, whatever the fuck we have to do, we're going to keep doing this. You can open up that goddamn club.


I was like, okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Always a great hang. Oh, he's the best. I mean, at the comedy store, he didn't know me and he would just hang. And he's the best. He's the elder statesman of the Austin comedy scene. Okay, got it. He's the best. Yeah. And he's such a good guy and he's always around. And so like with Ron's like, so we had Ron, we had Tony Hinchcliffe and then Tom Segura moved here and Christina pki. Yeah. And then the floodgates opened. Tim Dillon, everybody started coming. It's a tidal Wave dude then. And then Shane Gillis moved here and he brought the whole Philly crew and there's all these killers. It's like, Duncan moved here. It's like, it just became so fun. It became so fun and all these things had to happen for it to take place like that. Yeah. The comedy store had to lose guys like Adam.


Like they had fire everybody. Yeah. So these people were all unemployed. Yeah. So I hire 'em. Yeah. And I brought 'em over here when there wasn't even a club yet. I was like, I'll pay you now. You can start getting paid now, you'll, you'll health benefits, All the jazz. Just enjoy the city. Right. Just have a good time. In a year or so, I'll call on you. And so then we started working I mean, I've been texting Adam for a long time and I was like, is is something happening? You know? Yes, something is happening, but we don't know when, but not to come back and excited to walk through it. So Yeah. A lot of people dismissed it. It's all gonna happen. Yeah. But it was gonna happen. I had, you know, well, you just, When you, you're an outsider looking at your plate, there's a lot on it. Yeah. You know, so, Yeah. But this was important. Yeah. Yeah. It was also, if I'm not gonna do it, who's gonna do it?


You know, it's one of those things where if you have an opportunity to do something very unusual and you don't do it well, then what is, nobody ever do anything unusual. Yeah. Just fucking Do it. Everyone just always either goes to New York or LA and that's it forever. Yeah. Yeah. And It was also, we had so many people like Brian Simpson, he moved out here early. Derek Post and Asama, they all moved out here early. We had so many killers that were already here. Yeah. We're like this. We were already doing shows, sold out shows at the Vulcan. Yeah. Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday nights kill. Tony was there on Mondays. We were already doing weekend shows. It was like, it was a no brainer. Yeah. We knew we could do it. That's sick. You know? But it was, it was a little scary. A little scary. Dump a bunch of money, buy a building. Oh shit. Re renovate the whole thing for a year and a half.


The, The decisions alone, all, you know, there's a lot of decisions, You know, a lot of Decisions. Doorknobs, carpets, lights, ceiling, drywall. Like We had a really good architect that helped too. Shout out to Richard, Richard Wise. But at the end of the day, really what it was all about was a lot of great timing. Great opportunity and great timing. Yeah. And then doing it the right way from the beginning. Yeah. Make it as comedy friendly as possible and just, just make an environment where people like, like to be there. Yeah. Yeah. Nice friendly people. Everybody's having fun. Yeah. Everybody's like real supportive and I love that. Yeah. It's great. And comics, to their credit, I think naturally are non-conformist. And I love that they'll jump at a new opportunity.


Yeah. They're not like all tied, so, You know. Yeah. Joe's open a club, we'll go, boom. Done. And people moved here. It's like nuts to hear. I can't believe how often I was texting with Adam. He said, who, who do you want to be opening for you this weekend? I said, send me some names. Send me All the names. I'm like, this feels like, these feels like all comedy Store names. Yeah. Everybody's, these are All in Austin All the time. Holtzman lives here now. He's here All the time. That's crazy. He was fucking killing the other night. Now Holtman has a crowd here now. Yeah. Yeah. So instead of Holtzman going up at two o'clock in the morning in the main room when there was no one there and the comics sit in the back of the room and laugh. Yeah. Now he's got sold out shows. Wow. Yeah. And people come to see Holtzman. Yeah.


And he's doing different material like every night now. That's great. It's amazing. Yeah. He's got a crowd now and he can make money in town. Right. Which is huge. And he doesn't have to travel. He doesn't have to do the road. And he is doing the road a little bit too now. Right. Which is unique for Brian too. It's really funny 'cause he puts up these videos of people getting offended. He does. I haven't seen, Okay. Yeah. On his Instagram, it's people getting offended and screaming at him and walking out of his show. 'cause they don't get it. Yeah. They don't. Yeah. But once you see him a couple of times and you get what he's doing, then w we have what we have in Austin now where people, they, you know, when Holman it out is there, it sells out. They're coming to see Holtzman. It's Fun. There's nothing more beautiful than a person talking into a microphone causing a reaction to a group.


Yeah. It's beautiful. It's nuts. It shows how powerful words and energy and communication can be. Yeah. It's like you, you let that person make you that mad and he didn't, this person didn't touch you or hit you. Yeah. That's Wild. Right. That is wild To think that that, that we have that ability, especially With Holman. 'cause he lets you in on it every now and then. Right. What he's doing. Right. And then he comes back to it. It's like you, he's, he does this very beautiful dance of like letting you in on it. Yeah. And then going right back to the fucking guy. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Well, it's fucking great. I'm looking forward to performing there. So That's sweet. You're Gonna have a good time, man. That's great. Great. Did you bring people to open with you?


Or you got local people? I think we got local. I'm not a hundred percent sure, but I didn't bring people with me. But we have a lot Of good local people. Well's the thing, it's like Yeah. Could bring somebody, or you're in a community where there's great comedy. Yeah. So I'd much rather do that. Yeah. It's, and it's, you'll have a great hang. The green room is really great. Okay. It's a great hang. We have Mae West couch in there. Okay. That Peter Shore gave me. It's Mitzi's. She had it in her house. And so we had it reupholstered. Oh, that's hilarious. So in the green room, this beautiful pink couch that's Maye West Couch. Okay. Amazing. Yeah. So the bones of it are Maye West. Right. Couch. That's great. Yeah. And so we have Rodney Dangerfield's handwritten notes on the wall Okay.


From his last Nicho special. So it's All the different bits that he wanted to hit and All the different things that he wanted to talk about. And then Patrick Beda gave me one of Lenny Bruce's microphones. Holy shit. So we have Lenny Bruce's microphone framed on the wall above the monitors. I feel like Lenny Bruce not enough comics. Understand the, the road he paved for everybody else. Yeah. You know, it's like, it's, it's, it's known that he did that. But He's the Og. That was, he was the og. He's the og. That's, that's, that's what I'm trying to say. He was the First guy to go to jail. He was gonna jail. He fucking arrested him a Bunch of times. That is insane.


For stuff, For words is nothing today. It would even get you kicked off TikTok. But we still had the First Amendment at that time. Yep. So that's what's so interesting to me. Yeah. The interpretation of, or the enforcement of has. That's wild. Well, this is The Role that same constitution. Yeah. Same constitution. Well, this is the role that comedy plays in free speech. Because we are really one of the only countries that has the kind of free speech that we have. The declaration, when we, when we have the first amendment that's, it's talks very specifically the very first one about our ability to express ourselves. Yeah. How important that is. Yeah. But if you're a comedian and you can't do that.


Like if someone's deciding what you get. Yeah. Well that sets the boundaries for everything else. If he didn't do that, if he wasn't doing that in the fifties and the sixties Yeah. And getting arrested. Yeah. Like, who knows where free speech would be today. What Was he arrested on? Profanity. You Could be arrested on profanity. Yeah. Yeah. He was arrested on profanity charges. Yeah. They had profanity laws back then. Where in public places you, you couldn't have, And you know, different places in different, different districts had different regulations. But, You know, he was, I'm sure in San Francisco where he started, probably could do whatever he wanted. And then it, You know, as you travel and you start, and then it became more and more popular.


Obscenity. Obscenity. This reminds me of Profanity. Obscenity. So here it is in Oh, so he is, is he was arrested at the jazz workshop in San Francisco, which is even crazier in 1961. He used the word cocker. He used the word cocksucker and said that two is a preposition. Cu is a verb that the sexual context of cu was so common that it bo no weight. And that if someone hearing it became upset, he probably can't come. Although a jury acquitted him. Other law enforcement agencies began monitoring his appearances resulting in frequent arrests under obscenity charges. Yeah. But Joe see there, although a jury acquitted him, I'm just wondering, like, was he actually breaking a law or they just hassling him by arresting him?


Because he can't, Dude, they arrested him for saying schmuck. I mean, go back to that Real quick. But I'm saying there's no, what, what do you charge somebody with? Well, this was, this was the obscenity charges. Like they said, if you go back to that Wikipedia page, look at that. This is crazy. He said later, Sherman block later became the county sheriff. The charge this time was that the community used the word schmuck and insulting Yiddish word. That was also considered a term for penis. Oh my gosh. The Hollywood charges were later dismissed. Right. So this was in Philadelphia and then Los Angeles, and then West Hollywood. In West Hollywood. He was arrested. Imagine the place where the Comedy store resides right now.


He was arrested just 10 years before Richard Pryor was performing live in the Sunset Strip. I mean, what about the, the one in Philly is legit. The Gabe, What's that? Jamie? The Gabe drug possession. Yeah. He did a lot of drugs. Yeah. Well, that's a fact. I Lot, I would do a lot of drugs if I got arrested every time I said schmuck. So Live in the sunset trip I think was 81 or 82. Is that correct? What year was live in the sunset trip? 'cause I was in high school. I remember that 66. I have that poster, that Lenny Bruce poster. There's a lot of Lenny Bruce Love out in that premium, which is so cool. Yeah. I have a lot of Lenny Bruce stuff out there. I look. He was the guy. And it's hard when you listen to his stuff today because most of it, yeah. It's kind of trite.


Like we've, we've heard All the premises before. It's because he's, he broke the ground. You have to remember, people were so innocent in 1961. Yeah. The culture was so different that what he was saying was groundbreaking. I fell into that trap, you know, I was like, I'm, I'm not really digging it. Right. I'm not a joint. But it's like, you have to really think about where we were then. Sure. If you listen to Shakespeare talk, you probably, this guy's a retard. What the fuck are he what? Vow Dust. Not like shut up. But if it's like, in the context of 1961, what he was doing was, it was akin to a lot of things that were to come, like the anti-war movement, the civil rights movement, all these things were bubbling up about this freedom of exploring ideas and expressing yourself.


But in comedy, it had just been two Jews walking to a bar. Yeah. You know, it had been jokes. He set up punchline, the Italian says to the Polish guy. Right. It would've been a lot of that stuff. And so he came along and is like, why do we have these words that are forbidden? Why do we have this? Yeah. Why is that? Why can't people be in love this way? Why can't that happen? And it was like, people were like, Jesus. Like why can't we? And like he changed the way people thought about life, not just about comedy. And then I think Richard Pryor came along Yeah. And made it way better. Yeah. Made it funnier. But also what fascinates me so much about that with Lenny Bruce is it, it way was the, it's the same first amendment that we have right. Today. Yeah. It's the same. Yeah.


And those words have not changed, but society has, or its interpretation has or its enforcement has That's wild. Yeah. That's wild. I Did the enforcement is the, the thing. Right. And then the concept of obscenity charges. Obscenity charges are very subjective. Right. Who's to decide what's obscene? To me, schmuck is not obscene. No. It's kind of cute. If my, you know, if someone calls you a schmuck Right. It's probably a friend of yours. Right. You know, Hey, you fucking schmuck. Like, ah, it's not a, I mean, No, I don't. If you get Arrested for schmuck. That's crazy. What is this, Jamie? This is Where the obscenity law came from a court Case. Well, this is 73 though. This is what I typed in. Where did the obscenity laws in San Francisco? No, I understand. But this is 73 because You know, he was 61.


So what does it say there? The ruling. Go scroll up at the top a little bit. It says, a landmark decision of the US Supreme Court clarifying the legal definition of obscenity as material that lacks serious literary, artistic, political, or scientific value. Geez. The ruling was the origin of three part judicial test for determining obscene media content that could be banned by government authorities, which is now known as the Miller test. So here's the thing you think about. This Is actually quite relevant right now. It's coming up a lot. Oh, is it Miller test? Yes. For what? First Amendment stuff I just heard. Heard something about it. That's interesting. Yeah, It is interesting because this, the thing about this is, this is probably all in response to All the anti-war activists and all of the, the whole hippie freedom of speech, flower child movement.


I did a piece for The Daily Show after Biden won. And this woman in New Jersey had up 10, 15 flags. Fuck Biden. Fuck Joe Biden. Fuck Joe Biden flags was in a cer was was on a path to a school. And a lot of parents said, take down the flag. She said, it's my first amendment. Right. Got all messy court. The city made her take it down. She refused. NAACP popped in to defend her saying it was her right. As a Biden was a political figure. But then it became an obscenity. It was a very interesting piece. And I spoke to her and she was very outspoken.


And I, my whole take was like, Hey, just maybe let's say legally you can put those flags up, but it's just kind of shitty. Right. And she was like, fuck you. I'm gonna put my flags up. But interesting when obscenity mixes in with school kid. What is that now? Right. Right. Especially Public figure. Public figure. If it says, fuck Tony or fuck Michael, that's different than, fuck Joe Biden, the sitting president of the United States. Right. All fascinating. Yeah, It is. It's also, it's like, you know, what do you wanna see in your neighborhood? Like, do you, do you really, I don't like people putting those fucking stupid signs on their lawns. My parents were diehard liberals. Okay. They were living in Florida at the time, and this is during 2000, 2016.


And my mom was complaining every time I put my Hillary Clinton sign, someone takes it down like you're in Florida. Like, why are you putting Hillary Clinton signs on your lawn? Yeah. But to my mom, it might as well be like she was supporting the Miami Dolphins. Yeah. You know, that was her team. Her team was a Democrats. Yeah. She Grew up Well, I was just gonna say, I don't like when a kid is wearing a Dolphins hat or a Yankees hat. 'cause I'm like, we as adults have put that on the kid. The kid's just a fan of the sport though. It's possible. But that dad probably made, made 'em do it. But maybe, Maybe the kid just likes this. Dad doesn't bother me at all. There's nothing wrong with supporting teams, but there's a real problem when it's how the whole country's run. And you're thinking about it like a team, right?


Like that's, that's kind of ridiculous. Yeah, I agree. And people that put those fucking signs in their lawn, like settle down. Yeah. Just why, why, why you doing? Like, it's just like, you're like, nah, never fucking, this is good, I think. Yeah, right in the yard, right in the front of your house. We're the poet. Like those people that like, science is settled. This is this love is love. Black Lives matter. Like, okay, who Was they? Who was the Supreme Court? Justice with the flags, got in the whole fucking neighborhood, fight with the flags, had the, had the white flag with the green pine tree on it. And that was, what is that flag? And it was Christian nationalism or had ties to it, whatever. But I'm saying this, A white flag with a green pine tree is Christian nationalism.


What wasn't it? I don't know. I don't know about this. Do You know what I'm talking about this? No. What was this? Do you remember it? Jamie? I'm looking It up. It's Alito. I think Samuel Alito. It was, I thought it was maybe Robert's. But his wife, he, and then he's, and then there it is that An appealed to heaven. So that flag was flying. And You can see there, the Boston Globe. That's his New Jersey. The one right underneath that. Jamie, that's his New Jersey house, beach house. And that got put up. But this was all because neighbors started fighting about their signs. What is That An appeal to heaven? What does that mean? I, I don't know. What's that flag supposed to represent Jamie? Huh? Gimme a second.


But interesting that our Supreme Court Justice got involved in one of these sign fights. Right. And then they called him out on it and he said, it's my wife. It's just fucking hilarious. Right. It's wife, my wife. My wife Did it. My wife's a Christian Nationalist. Yeah. Is that a Christian nationalist thing? What a call to heaven. I don't know what that, that I, we will find out. I I've never even heard of it until just now. They Took it down from in front of San Francisco City Hall. Probably part of the same issue. But what does it mean? It has to do with the colonies? It said what? Revolutionary War. Okay. The flag was originally used during the American Revolutionary War flown by George Washington's cruisers and is associated with the early quest for American Independence.


It's since been adopted by a different group. One that doesn't represent the city's values. So we made the decision to swap it with an American flag. Well, first of all, you probably should have the American flag there anyway. You shouldn't have to have swap it. How about have American flag everywhere You motherfuckers America. Yeah. But January 6th. January 6th, 2022 videos and photos show that some supporters of former President Donald Trump waving the appeal to heaven flag. Oh, they ruined it. Just like the, it's possible. Yeah. Nazis ruined the swastika swastika, Which was the Buddhist flag flag out All those right there. Where is it? Oh yeah. From Appeal to Heaven. So what is it? So it's because it's Trump supporters now. Is that why? That's why, I Don't know why it must be Alito put it up.


But I remember it being something to do with, like, the homeowners associations all were mad at each other and they put the flag up. He threw His wife right under the bus. Look at this. My wife is fond of flying flags. I am not. I love Alito Rope. My wife was solely responsible for having flagpoles put up at our residence and our vacation home. And has flown a wide variety of flags over the air. How many Palestine flags you fly? How many wide variety you got a lot of Ukraine flags. Got a lot of flag flying into your house. It's funny. What kind of flags you got? What you got? It just makes me laugh that look, this is the petty shit that like Yeah. Normal Americans get in. You're, you're Yeah. Supreme Court Justice. Just get out of it. But Yeah, I don't know about that flag. I've, this is the first time I've ever seen that. Yeah. But it's, it's the thing that people do.


They don't wanna let You know what they support And what they don't. And Yeah. Yeah. We love telling people what we believe. It's, And it's very important that we feel like we have beliefs and it's when we start sharing 'em that, Well, you find other people don't agree, You find out other people might not agree with you. And this gets back to grit and toughness. And, Well, this also gets back to the importance of your show, The Daily Show. 'cause The Daily Show, especially under the tutelage of John Stewart when he's running the helm, it's, it's so balanced at pointing out ridiculous shit all over the place. Which I think is so important. That's the, that's the, that's the goal. That's the aim.


So smart. And when we do it right, I love it. And you know, it's, it is every day. So sometimes you do it right and you're thankful, you pat yourself on the back. But guess what? There's a show tomorrow. Yeah. And I think we benefit, man. So many. I'll take, when I host so many questions, I'll take questions from the audience. And so many people go like, Michael, how do you hold yourself to journalistic integrity when you and I go, what? I'm a fucking comedian. This is on Comedy Central. I'm not, I'm a journalist. The fact that you just because you see us as informative, which I'm thankful for. And the fact that you come to us for information, which I'm thankful for, but I'm, it's A little terrifying though.


Right. Don't ever Forget lady. Yeah. I am not a journalist. Yeah. I'm not in, you know, the war zone. I'm a clown. Yes. My job is to put all this shit into a comedy machine and crank out some type of sausage and feed it to you. But it's nuts that Comedy Central Daily Show is considered journalism. Yeah. Or people will stop me on the subway and go like, Thank you for what you're doing. And I'm going, I I'm trying to just make you laugh. Is that what you mean? It's not what they mean though. They mean like Fighting the Good fight. Fighting the fight, decompressing the, and fascists. Right. And also also comedy, as we've talked about, is one of the only places that can challenge and speak to power truthfully.


Yeah. And comedy also can make you consider something. So like, if you have an opinion and you go out there and state your opinion Yep. Eloquently, like I could be there. Well, I disagree. I have a different opinion. Yep. But if you go out there with that opinion, you make me laugh. Yep. With something I don't even necessarily agree with. Dude, that's the best. And Then you can go, oh, this, he's got fucking point. I I, he's got a fucking point. I mean, that is the magic trick. Yes. The Magic trick. That's the magic trick of comedy. And that's, and The Daily Show does that. Great. But I remember one time sitting with my wife at the Comedy store. Tiger Woods had just like, you know, all of that shit came out, the cheating, the voicemails. I mean, he was like, You know, maybe arguably one of the more promiscuous husbands of all time.


And bur goes up and he starts defending Tiger. Right. And I'm watching, I'm feeling my wife's energy. Like, I'm like, bill, don't do this dude. Damn. Now like you're defending this guy who is in the heat of All the hatred. And as I watch the joke, I feel her relax now at the end she's laughing and I'm like, you just did the fucking magic trick, dude. Yeah. You did the trick. He's one of the best at it. You took the level of difficulty at its highest. Yeah. We were, all of us were against you. You did it. And that's, that's the shit that's this close to magic as there is, Man. Yeah. Well, it's a beautiful thing. Yeah. If you can turn a controversial subject into something hilarious.


Yeah. You know, it at least puts people's guard down for a second. Yeah. I think they'll see through it if they feel like it's just, you're truly trying to trick 'em into a message. If your real goal is to entertain and laugh that Yeah. That's, you know, I, I heard, I was researching sauna stuff a lot. 'cause I was building this sauna last summer and I read that in Finnish culture, a lot of the politicians won't even start negotiating or talking until they're like, fucking scorched in the sauna. And I thought that was really interesting. Really? Because comedy, you know, I don't know how truthful it's, but I know I, there there is a lot of pictures of, of it's a good Move. I, I just, Y'all suffer together.


Right. And it's like, and then you come back to being a human Comedy kind of does that too. It's like, if we're all laughing, we at least have that in common if we're all sweating and, and having a hard time with this moment. Right. We're human. I love that. I think that's pretty, it's a human moment. It's a human moment. I mean, You're literally dying. You're dying in there and you can't stay There forever. Yeah. You got about 20 minutes. Yeah. And then you gotta get the fuck, fuck out. And you're like, whoa. Yeah. And now you can all be human together. There's something really That's a good move. It's something really nuts to me about that. The dry heat of a sauna that I don't understand completely. But it really fixes a lot of shit in me. You know, Another good thing about the having the politicians go in the sauna. What? We can kill off a lot of the old Ones. You can just, yeah. Mitch McConnell gonna make It there.


There's no fucking way. You know, If you Want, there used to be a World Sauna Championships and then a guy died. Oh yeah. Yeah. That would, Well they Kept pouring water on it if you can, On the rocks. On the Rocks. Like they were pouring like a liter of water on every, I don't know what the time boat I heard that. I was like, oh my god. And it was like 200 plus degrees. And What's your, what's your sauna? How, like how would you advise me to get the most outta my sauna? 20 minutes. Yeah. 20 minutes is good And cool off and come back in. You can, If you like. I don't necessarily do that All the time. I'll do like one day a week I go cold plunge sauna, cold plunge sauna. I go back and forth. Yep. Yep. Usually I start with sauna.


I always end with cold plunge. If I do three cycles, whatever it is, you end with cold Plunge because you want your body to fight to to to warm it back up. Warm back up. Yeah. Yeah. So you're just shocking the shit outta your system. But the finished studies that have showed, the more people do it, the more effective it is in terms of what they studied was they, they found that when people over the course of 20 years use the sauna four times a week, they had a 40% decrease in all cause mortality, craze, everything. Strokes, cancer, heart attack, everything. Because your body is becoming far more resilient. And you're also developing all these heat shock proteins. Yeah. And eliminating inflammation, clearing out your system. And then you're rehydrating afterwards. Very, very Good.


And you're also not on the phone. Yes. You're also not on the phone. Although I do have a Bluetooth speaker in there. Okay. You can get some Bluetooth speakers. That's, there's, I got one called not a Brick. It's a really good one. You can take the heat of a sauna. I was gonna say. Yeah. And so I listen to like, books on tape when I'm stretching and sweating my brains out. I was in my sauna all by myself and it's very quiet. I'm in the woods in Pennsylvania and this fucking buck just walks right in front. Wow. And it was just me and him. I don't know if you saw her or smelt or whatever, but it was like crazy. Oh, that's cool. Just to watch. You know what that's like. What's it called? I'm not a hunter. What's it called when you just kind of go to watch and see where they're gonna be?


Is that called something? Yeah. Observation. Yeah, sure. Nature. It was like, Yeah, just opening your eyes. But that's, it was wild to see that. Yeah. It's, isn't it very cool. Very, very cool. Wildlife is wild. And especially if you don't expect it, like you're sitting in the sauna and the deer's right there. What's going on here? Grateful about The government doing it there. They apparently drink alcohol in the sauna. That seems Like that's not a great idea. They get drunk before they go. I, I know that. I like that Too. Love em. I love a drink in there. A long drink. Iconic finished gin, mixed drink. That's basically a Tom Collins and A can, But way better because it's being zipped in a sauna with newfound sauna friends. That's cool. That is cool. That's a great move. Yeah. Like something that makes you more human. You suffer together.


Yeah. You're, and you, you, you also are. Yeah. You're focusing on a thing that isn't this result that we need or want. Yeah. This shit will probably take All the Congress people and make 'em run a tough Mudder together. You know, go through the mud, fucking climb ropes and shit. Go over obstacle courses. That'd be great. I've actually found my wife and I, when we do a sauna, you know, there's always stuff you gotta talk about with the family. Logistics. There's always things to argue about. But we'll go in there and we supposed start sweating and then it's kind of just like, eases the tone Yeah. Eases the conversation. Yeah. Which is helpful. Yeah. No One's real loud in the sauna. Yeah. And you just chill. Yeah. Yeah. Chill. Both suffering together. Yeah. Just suffering. Yeah. Yeah. That's interesting. Yeah. I, I think it's, it should be a part of everybody's life.


And there's, by the way, if you can't afford it, they, they make a sauna blanket that is one of our sponsors. It's really good. I've used that thing before. It's great. You just climb inside this fucking blanket and you can bring it on the road with you And it's sweat and you sweat it off. It doesn't weigh that much. Yeah. You carry it and it'll heat you the fuck up and it'll give you the heat shock proteins. I like a dry sauna better. Yeah. I like being in a sauna. Yeah. But if, if you wanna like travel or if you wanna Yeah. Yep. If you don't have the resources or a place for it, those things are great.


Yeah. Hot baths are great too. Hot baths after workouts supposed to increase muscle. It's tough to find sauna though, in a lot of American cities. Yeah. When I go on the road, I'm always trying to find, cold tubs are more frequent now. Really. They're more frequent now. But it's hard To, you know, a way to do the cold plunges. You do it before you work out. That's The real most. Oh no. Shit. Yeah. That really increases testosterone too. And also it increases your work output. 'cause your muscles are like pre Chilled I would think. It would be, it would be easy to get injured after. No, you just warm Up. You just warm Up, you warm up. So I go through a series of things that I do that are like pretty low intensity.


I do 20 kettlebell swings, and then I do 20 pushups, then I do 20 body weight squats. And I do a cycle of five that gets you one. So I do a hundred swings, a hundred pushups, a hundred body weight squats. And by the time of that, that's like probably 15 minutes. By the time that's over, I'm sweaty, I'm ready to go. And then I go into everything else. Dude, I wanna show you this picture. I know that you know this lake house. I have Nice New Year's Eve. I don't want to kill our time with this, but when do you get to show Joe Rogan this pick? So let me find it. This is New Year's Eve, dude. Cut a hole in the lake. Oh wow. With an axe. And I'm just in, he just plunged in there, the lake to try to do three minutes.


That's a safe safety rope. Which I don't know if that could even even help me if I fucking pass out, but That's nice. Doing a cold plunge in nature. Yeah. Not just a tub. Love the tub two. But man, I fucking love it. I was in, I feel amazing after that, Utah. And they had a, a creek running through a glacial cre creek. Freezing cold. Yeah. I climbed in that, that bitch in my underwear and got up to my neck. That's, that's good Stuff. That was fun. It's nice. It's like something about doing it in nature too. It's like you're even more connected to everything. Oh, totally. Yeah. Yeah. Very cool. Just getting That cold water and breathe. I get like a weird, a weird high after for sure. Oh, for Sure. It lasts for hours. Yeah. It increases your dopamine by 200%.


And it lasts for hours. So why is it that healthier than doing a drug that increases your dopamine? Well, because it's Natural. Natural. Yeah. It's natural. Okay. And also it, like, it gives you something in terms of mental resilience, it gives you like an exercise. That exercise, right. Correct. Yeah. Is it's very difficult. Hard. Especially for the first minute. It's hard. First minute your body's like, let's get the fuck outta here. And he keeps talking to you and you're like, shut up bitch. Yeah. And then after a minute that calms down and you can breathe clean, you, you start getting those rhythmic breaths in and out and just keep your shit together for three minutes. And then when you get out you're like, ah, That's what you do typically. Three Minutes. Yeah. So it's like one, there's the feeling like I did it, which feels great.


Like I didn't bitch out. I actually did the three minutes. But then there's just like this euphoric feeling good as your body. Just your norepinephrine, your dopamine, everything elevates. You just feel wonderful. Patience Too. My patience is killer. Yes. Kids. I'm smiling more. Oh, that's fine. You can draw on the wall. Oh, yeah, yeah. Whatever. Because It's like that part of your brain got exhausted. The part of your brain that's dealing with like, real adversity. So like little kids', adversity is nothing. It's not, you're not freezing to death. They're just like, yeah, it's my crayon. Right. You like, come on guys. That's right. Right. Let's get along. I, I, it's, it's been a super benefit to me. The problem living in New York is I don't get to cold plunge as much as I want to, but, well, They have stuff that You can do.


Like, you know, you could do it in your tub if You can get ice, ice, do the ice. And they also have these coolers that You can plug in and you could do, like, if you have like one of those big Yeti coolers Yep. You can climb in that and you'll put a hose in there and a cooler and it'll bring that down to like 40 degrees and you can just get in. That'd be a lot like a Yeti cooler. Yep. Yeah. I bet. I bet you could do it at a bathtub too. I bet they, they figured out how to attach an engine. Set something. Yep. They have one. Yeah, they do. Yeah. Oh wow. Jamie knows it. So how does it work? So I'll show you. But there's just like a little motor thing you attach just like The, so that's perfect. Like if you just have a bathtub, you're golden can actually do that. You know, if you live in an apartment that has a tub Yeah. You, you have a coal punch now.


Or if you don't have that, get yourself a Yeti cooler. Yeti makes some giant ass coolers, like from people hunt caribou and Shit. I just typed in bathtub, cold Plunges. Yeah. There it is. Two, that's another one. So you just have this thing, it plugs in, it cools everything off and you climb it. How cold did that, does that motherfucker get 39 degrees? Perfect. It's crazy. That never Buy ice again. Two year warranty. We're, We're such comfort zones as humans. Now that we have to pay $800 to cool our water to get into it. Yeah. It's a bit of an issue. Yeah. Yeah. We're pussies. We're Pussies now. We, We've made life very easy. Which is wonderful. It's better than being hard. That's, I don't wanna live in the fucking cloud either days. That's right. That's what the point was, was to make it easy. Yeah. You have to and sugar and fat readily available at all times.


Yes. You don't have to Carry a sword with you everywhere. That's Dude, I love going to the Natural History Museum in New York and look going to the armor. Jesus Christ. It's like what these motherfuckers had to wear and use and carry. Did you ever see That? To defend themselves is nuts From, I think it's Waterloo, one of the, one of the battles, one of one of the French soldiers got hit with a cannonball in the chest and they have the armor that has the hole in the chest, like in the cannonball out the back exploding outward. Look at that dude. Look at that. Yeah. That's from, it's like the Battle of Waterloo. That guy got hit with a cannon ball In the chest.


And I bet you his armor salesman was like, I'm gonna upsell this guy on. And he's like, no, I don't want the upsell. And that's, he should, he should have Mhu. I'm telling you, this arm no can And ball. Oh that is went right through 'em. That is a great reminder of what society and life used to be like. God damn man. Look at that one on the, the other one, Jamie. All the same one. No, but the one to the left where you see the exit right to the left of that. Yeah. Right there. You see the exit exit hole. Jesus Christ. Boom. Blew right through this guy's body. His armor his chest out the back. That's crazy. The size of a fucking softball. Oh, oh, oh, that's fucked up. Yeah, it's pretty fucked up.


That's super fucked up. That was life back then. Yeah. It's better. And that's a guy that could have had an armor that's probably a, a high high ranking person. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. He got, he got hit, he got fucked up. That's a wrap, son. But you gotta think that those people would've much rather live today with all this comfort. Oh my god. Yeah. The problem is you just can't rely on it too much. You can't live for comfort. That's stupid. You got to have voluntary discomfort. Yeah. That'll help you get through this life. That's a good way to put it. That those people would pick today. For sure. Fuck. You know? Yeah. You know, I went, you know, I, I remember like, I went to the Museum of Medical Oddities Ooh.


In Philadelphia. And they were doing a whole thing on dysentery And it was like, oh, most people in the Civil War died of that. Yeah. They didn't die of, of like wounds. And it was like wild that Of course if you were a soldier today, you don't, you don't die of dysentery. That's insane. Right. But they would put the kitchen near the, the toilet And it was like, I mean, fuck. And what kind of water are you drinking? Water. All that shit. So there's No iodine tablets back then. Yeah. No Steri pens to Yeah. Clean your water. Fuck. What's, what's the one I used? I I did the Appalachian Trail last year. Not all. It was just a few days. And I forget the thing I would filter the water with.


It was great. Man. There's such cool stuff like that now. Oh yeah. There's great stuff. I mean, millions of those things. Yeah. There's a lot of stuff that'll filter water and make it drinkable. And there's all these cool Appalachian trail communities that leave stuff for people along the trail. Oh, that's cool. So it's like, I remember I was just like dying. I'm like, no more snacks, blood sugar's dropping. I have water, but it's just like I'm in it. I'm doing the difficult thing. And then you get to this cool, and it's like from this Appalachian Trail Club and it's just like gummy bears in there. Oh, nice. Jesus Christ, man. Nice. That's cool. That's cool that they have that set up. Yeah. Well that's a weird thing to choose to do, to go for a long walk That doesn't on Trail field, serial killers that, I mean, there, There are some famous murders that have happened on the Appalachian Trail.


Yeah. But I, I felt very safe. I did you. Yeah. I mean I've, I love the idea. I was alone. I love the idea of finding a place to sleep that's in the middle of nowhere. I love that shit. Dude. I'd be super nervous. Something about the woods. Really? The woods Are dangerous at night. Here's What's, here's what's crazy about the Appalachian Trail, at least where I was in Jersey most of the time I had cell service. Oh wow. So I'm like in my tent Instagram text and I'm like, no, That is kind of Crazy. But You know what, you know what started that for me was during COID. My wife got me this week with Jordan Jonas and the Survival, you know, he, Jordan Jonas won, won a along, been on the podcast.


Yeah. Been on the podcast. He's been on The podcast For Yeah, that's Right. Right. One lost shot a moose with a bow arrow, John Bon, and I think he killed a, a Wolverine with his With a hatchet. Yeah. With a hatchet Stealing his meat. So my wife bought me a week with the Survival camp with him and a bunch of other people. And it was just like, one of the things that, one of the conclusions I, and we came to while we were up in the Bitterroot Mountains of Idaho was at least once a year, we all need to be doing something where we are embedded with nature. And this might sound silly to somebody who goes hunting or someone who's already doing this, but if you're living a city life Yeah. Going to the park is not really experiencing nature. Well It is a little, it's A tiny bit.


It's it's nature. I mean it's contained nature, but it's real nature. You see squirrels and birds, it's good for you. There's ticks for you to sit under a tree. Hell yeah. It's ticks. There are ticks are Ticks, man. Ticks are wild Fleas ticks. Your dog's gonna get fleas. Yeah. Ticks are a bitch. Especially on the East coast because of Lyme disease. Yeah. Which turns out was manmade. What turns out, there's a lot of real evidence that Lyme disease was, it was weaponized and that it leaked out of a lab and it came out of a lab called Plum Island. Oh shit. Which was close to Lyme, Connecticut. And RFK Junior firmly believes that this was a weapons program. And what they were gonna do is develop these fleas and ticks with a disease that spreads rapidly, wipes out the medical system of a community.


So you could dump them from a plane. Everybody gets infected, overwhelms their medical system and then they're more vulnerable if you wanna attack them. That just doesn't seem very thought through though. Well, there's some less thought through ones. There's one that they were developing at one point in time. I don't know where they got with it, but there was talk of them developing a bomb that they would detonate over cities that would blind everybody. Holy shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Imagine that. Imagine you, you detonate that and then you have 300,000 blind people. Isn't it amazing what we can do in a positive light and also what we can do in a negative light? Oh, we're Scary and we're scary in our ability to justify these things.


Yeah. You know, that's what's really crazy. Yeah. We're scary in our ability to, to decide that these people are the other. So we should bomb them into oblivion and like Yeah, we're winning. Like, oh my God. Like what are you talking about? You don't even know those people. The Other is a, is a effective strategy. Well It's a built in to our, our to our, our tribal, A tribal brains is, is that right? Yeah. Just We had Darryl Cooper on the podcast yesterday who's, he runs a podcast called Martyr Made. And one of the things he talked about was oxytocin. And he was like, it's really interesting 'cause oxytocin makes you really deeply love your family and your community. And this is what women get when they have children.


Men get, and when you're in love and this, but it also makes you very hostile to outsiders. Crazy. It's like, it protects the, the people that are you love and that are vulnerable, but it makes you very protective Right. Of the outside. So like you, you are less likely to trust strangers, less likely to trust other people. And it probably served an enormously benefit. It was probably very beneficial In the caveman days. Yeah. You had to have it. Yeah. You had to have it. Yeah. There was no friendly people coming over with spears. You know, they found you and you had women and food. Like you are fucked. Right. And that was most of our evolutionary existence.


So most of the time from leaving the savannas And, you know, experimenting with different foods Yeah. And becoming human beings. We were fighting And that's gotta be undone as long as it took to make that which is years very long time. Yeah. That's being undone. Yeah. Yeah. Well, slowly but surely. And with, if we all give in to our God ai, we'll be fine. We all just need to submit to the chip and become a part of the hive mind. And everyone's gonna read each other's minds. There'll be no more secrets and there'll be no more, no more violence. They Really want us to do ai. Oh yeah. I mean everybody Does. It is like, It's inevitable Man. I know. But even, even I write an email now and it's like, you want us to polish this thing?


And it's like, I don't even want you anywhere near me. Right. I know. Well, you know, Samsung, they're, they were the first to wheel out AI with their Galaxy S 24 Ultra. Okay. I have, I have two phones. I have an iPhone and I have a Galaxy phone. And what I really like about the Galaxy phone is if I use Samsung's browser, I can go on websites and it gives me a summary. So instead of like reading this long winded blah, blah, blah, tell me what you figured out. Right. And then I can get a summary and then I get into, oh, they realized that Earth is actually blah blah, blah, blah, blah. Right. Oh, okay, cool. It's like quicker. Right, right. And then it also does a lot of things. It transcribes things, it translates things in other languages.


Translates it directly into your ear if you have the Galaxy earbuds. Crazy. Pretty fucking crazy. That's crazy. Yeah. It's wild shit, man. And this is just the beginning of this stuff. Yeah. I mean, essentially when you have chat GBT or Grok on your phone, you have access to the most insane amount of answering power that a human being's ever experienced. Yeah. We could ask it questions about what was the reason why Columbus blah. Yeah. And then it'll give you a fucking historical detailed 5,000 word essay on what went down. And you're like, this is nuts. But it's only as good as the food it's been fed. Correct. Right, Right. Well that's why Google had a abandoned theirs Because it kept me.


Oh yeah. Was that the like, show me a Nazi or whatever. Yeah. And it was like a beautiful black woman or something. Yeah. Native American woman. Nazi. It was a Chinese lady Nazi. We covered that on the show. That was a trip. But that Was just a good example of wokeness and ideology interfering with information. Like that's crazy. Right. Nazis look like German men make 'em look like German men. You fucking idiots. Yeah. This is dumb. But this like, But that won't, they won't say bye bye. They'll just come back with a newer version that doesn't do that. Well they did. It certainly did. Did I mean, Google Gemini is one of the search engines. I mean, if you have an Android phone and you press that button Yeah. And you ask Google a question, it's Google Gemini. Yeah. So they've fixed that. They've fixed that.


But It's also like, how much did you fix it? Did you get it out? Hundred Percentm saying, is this objective information, if I, if I wanna ask a question about a controversial subject, will you give me the real data? Yeah. Or will you give me some whitewashed bullshit version of it that's supposed to be acceptable today? Like, I wanna know what's going on. My Wikipedia page has said that I'm Greek for as long as I'm alive. Greek women show up to my show. These beautiful Greek women, they like you. They have dessert. Ah, Greek people. It's never, no one's ever fucking checked. I'm not Greek. And, but Costas is such a Greek Game. I know. Exactly. It makes perfect sense. It's, it fits with the ideology or the idea that, you know.


Yeah. And somebody wrote an article once that I was Greek. No. You know, it was like a blog that showed a picture of me and no one checked. And it's just, it's just kept spiraling. And it's like really funny for me after the show, these beautiful Greek people come up and they say, we're so happy. And I, and they say, where are your parents from? And all this shit. And I go, we're fucking Ukrainian. I don't want 'em to tell you, you know, thanks, thanks for the dessert. But Do they get a sour puss? Huh? Do they get a sour pus? Like, you're not Greek? Or they'll be like, no. Or what's funny is they'll go like, no he is, you know, like, like you are one of us. But the internet isn't always right, everybody, it's not. It's, it's not, it's lots of times it's wrong. Well The internet is filled with purposeful misinformation today too.


Yeah. Especially if you get on social media. Holy shit man. There's so much of what social media is, is bots and pe I don't think people even really truly understand it. You know, we've covered it many times before. Right. But there was an FBI, former FBI agent who examined Twitter interactions and he, he estimated as much as 80% of it is Boxed. It's fake bullshit. This Is like when Elon was buying it and they were trying to say it was 5%. Right. 'cause there's no way it's 5%. Because if you're an out-of-state actor, if you're a state actor from another country, you're from China, Russia and you're involved in misinformation campaigns, you're gonna be well sourced. You're gonna be well resourced. Yeah. You're gonna probably have thousands and millions of accounts. Who knows you're gonna carpet bomb any sort of controversial subject with all sorts of propaganda.


Of course they're gonna do that. Of course. And right now that's totally doable. Until you all submit to ai. Once you put the chip in your brain, then deception will be impossible. We'll eliminate one of the biggest problems in society. You just have to take the leap of faith and there'll be like an infomercial. Yeah. The leap Of faith. Yep. And then you see the guy sitting there, Dude, it's always like the, the image of ai, it's always like a door is opening and it's bright light and I know come to Jesus. Yeah. It's tricky because it's inevitable. They, they can't not do it because China's gonna do it. The power that AI is gonna have overpopulations and with Yeah. The distribution of information is gonna be unprecedented.


Also, you're never gonna know what's real and what's not in terms of like news stories. 'cause they'll be able to concoct fake news stories That'll be indistinguishable. Yeah. It'll look just like a real plane crash. It'll look like a real missile hit something. It'll look like things and it won't have ever happened. And you won't be able to know. And it's gonna get weird. It's gonna get real weird. You, we've already seen AI versions of Obama talking, saying things. He never said this AI versions of Trump giving speeches. He never gave this AI versions of me having a podcast with Steve Jobs. And this was a while ago. Shit. Yeah. One those deep fakes. I mean the, the, there's like the funny one of Trump rubbing Elon's feet. Yeah.


But it's like, those are like, so obviously a joke. But it's, it's, they're good though. They had the Biden voice calling people and, and Well there's a lot of AI ladies now that are on Instagram. Oh shit. Then you look at the images, you're like, oh, this isn't a real person. Right. They have the same smile in every picture. Yeah. And they're all in different places. And, and people are like, you know, contacting 'em and DMing them and they're probably responding and Yep. Probably telling you about their grandma's sick and Needs money. Right, right. Got some money. Yeah. It's not as clear as like, oh they have three breasts. This is, this is fake. Yeah. Is this the ai? Oh this is a guy about the webcam. Oh shit. Wow. This is crazy. Look at the eyes. You know, it kind of reminds me of like the, my kids watch these shows and the eyes are always so big 'cause the kids pay attention to that.


That is weird. She is. She is pretty. She's beautiful. It's a dude. It's a dude on OnlyFans. So that dude will have like beautiful tits and Yeah. And be able to show you the, Which is sucks because then everybody's jerking off to that. And then Is That better than exploitation? I think it is. It's better than exploitation. Yes. Yeah. So There You go. It's better than Real women doing it. But he's not gonna think his wife is as beautiful because he's been jerking, You know, but Yes. Right. Yeah. There's those problems, but Yes, But you're right. That's better than exploitation. You Both have to put the headgear on that. We both, she's having sex with Brad Pitt. Yeah, Exactly. We having sex with Angelina Jolie. This account is that it's 1.7 million followers And it's totally fake lady. I think so. Oh look, you see her feet. She posts tweets that are, you know, talking shit jokes, games and stuff.


But then there's a bunch of pictures of this like fake person. Wow. Yeah. It's weird. It is weird, man. And it's gonna get weirder. And you are gonna have AI presidential candidates, AI's gonna tell you that we can solve All the world's problems if we just eliminate human interaction and just let this brilliant AI govern everything and do it in a much more equitable manner. I, yeah, I, I'm fearful that I don't even know the language to help my kids figure this shit out. Right. 'cause the language won isn't even really spoken. It's not Even spoken yet. I mean, I love to, I love to advocate for media literacy, push for that teaching all of us what a, what a more reputable website is, or a news source, but that just feels cute compared to what's coming, what the language of, of an AI president who offers all solutions.


I I don't even, I don't know how to combat that. Not Just that, but an AI that's attached to quantum computing. Yeah. So once they figure out a way to actually program quantum computing to run ai, you're gonna have a God, It's fucked up dude. You are. You're gonna have a God. Yeah. I mean, yeah. Mark Andreessen, and I've said this before, I apologize. Yeah. But Mark Andreessen had a quote about an equation that quantum computing was able to solve. That if you took the entire universe every molecule. Every atom in the universe and you con convert, converted that into a supercomputer. The entire universe would die of heat death Right.


Before it could solve this problem. And quantum computing solved it in minutes. Wow. And the only thing that makes sense to them is that quantum computing is somehow or another tapping into the multiverse. And it's solving this equation. Right. Using multiple universes and the information available in multiple universes simultaneously. What I know it's hard to even like track. Yeah. And this is just the version of it that we have in 2025. Right. That we have right now. And so this is an actual thing that's happened. And so most people aren't even aware what quantum computing means. So once this becomes not just one of these, but hundreds of these and then they're scalable and they're attached to nuclear reactors.


Yeah. Which is what they're proposing. Yeah. They're gonna have their own nuclear reactors. Multiple nuclear, nuclear reactors as power sources because these things require insane amounts of power to run. Then the quantum computing, once it becomes sentient, is gonna develop a much better version of itself. Of course. And that's gonna scale up and it's gonna like, But you know what, we're always gonna need plumbing, carpentry. That's why all this shit feels so intimidating. 'cause I, I can never wrap my head around that. But maybe we should be learning real skills and traits. Well, That would be nice. For people. For people. But people are gonna be obsolete. Right. You know, that's really what's happening is we're, we're giving birth to a, a, a digital life form that's far superior and doesn't have All the requirements that we have.


Right. And also doesn't have All the flaws that we have. Yeah. Doesn't have greed and anger and All the stupid things that we have. Doesn't get tired. Yeah. Lose patience. Doesn't be jealous. Doesn't have lust, doesn't have jealousy. And envy isn't, you know, depressed. I think we're far away from that. Yeah. Probably a couple weeks. Yeah. Probably more. The thing is, once it happens, it's gonna be so fast. Yeah. It's gonna be so hard to track. If you think like the industrial revolution, like comparatively, if you, if you look at like the history of the human race, you go from stone age people to bronze age. You go through All the different wars, All the different cr and then in the last 200 years, everything changes radically.


Right. Radically in the last 20 years, information changes radically. This is gonna be like 20 seconds. This is gonna be like one day. Right. It's all, it's up. It's up and running and it's completely in control of everything. It's completely in control of power. Right. Completely in control of information. Completely in control of transportation, water Distribution. Yeah. Every car you have on the road today that's, You know, within the last 15, 20 years has computers in It. Yeah. Yeah. Our, our car got totally dismantled because a rat ate a wire.


Oh yeah. That happens. That Yeah. Fed to the computer. Yeah. Everything mechanical was, was, was great. But it's like, oh this shit can't even come close to running without the, the screen and the software. Yeah. You know, it's like, I remember I almost bought a 1968 Dodge Dart and I lived in la I lifted up the hood as if I had any clue what I was looking at. But there's just like an engine and a hose. Yep. It's so fucking Radiator. Perfect. Engine carburetor. Exactly. A Carburetor. It's crazy. Yeah. And now literally the mechanic goes, let me show you the wire. And he shows me the wire. It's all bitten with these little tiny rat teeth. 'cause they make the wire outta soy. And then he takes me to the back to this enormous dumpster and it's just filled with these little electronic wires of everybody in New York that had rats eat, eating their shit.


Wow. Isn't that crazy? That's crazy. They make 'em out of Soy. I don't know why they would do that, but maybe because we subsidize soybean farmers. Probably. Probably. How Weird that the rats know that it's food Or that they figured it out that it's food. Yeah. Or it doesn't, isn't really food, but it smells like food. And they bite into it and they realize this shit sucks. There's an electrical wire. They can eat everything though. They eat each other. I had a, a rat problem in my house once when I lived in Encino and Oh shit. I set a rat trap in my garage. Oh shit. And I killed this big fat rat and I was tired. I was like, I don't feel like cleaning this fucking rat right now. I'm gonna go to sleep. And I heard the snap and I went out there. He's a big fucker. He was a big, The rat traps fucker are no Joke.


So I got up in the morning and went out to clean the rat trap and he was gone. Oh. The only thing that was left was his tail. They had eaten everything. It was like some skin and hair, but his entire body, the rats consumed. They ate their buddy. They Ate their buddy. Yeah. That is fucked up. It was fucked up. And it made me realize like, oh God. Oh God. Like this is the reality of what this is. These aren't just rodents. These are fucking cannibals. It's like that when that rugby team crashed in the mountains and they were like, should we start eating each other? And their religion comes into play and they talk about it and they vote about it, but the rats are just like, fucking eat it. Yeah. They just go right to it. Go right to it. They didn't even wait a day. Dude. The rats in New York City have just, oh yeah.


Covid opened the door because everything was shut. All the trash was out. They were everywhere. They went everywhere. And then they still are running. They're still running shit. And it's not a, it's, it's not enjoyable. Have you seen the documentary on Netflix? I Don't know. Rats? No. Oh God. It talks about how many rats there are in New York City. Yeah. It says eight eight per person or some shit. Something crazy like that. Like the biomass is similar, like the humans in rats. Like the amount of humans there are. Yeah. The, the weight of the humans is very similar to the roughly Oh Oh shit. The amount of rats there. There's fucking millions of 'em underground. They, they live in these little Oh yeah. Tunnels And Yeah. And they just fucking feed off our garbage. I mean, I remember before Covid, I would stand on the subway platform and my, at my train stop.


And I would watch the rats on the, on the tracks. And then the train would come and they would scurry. 'cause they'd feel the train coming. Now they just step off like an inch and the train goes right past them. But they're close. Like, they've just got like more confidence and like more intelligence. More bold. More bold, more intelligence. Like they, well probably The food ran dry during covid, so they had to get like a little hyper aggressive. I don't know what, I don't know what went, but it's, yeah, it's, and they're eating your car. Such creeps. I parked in New York once to get gas. This is in the nineties before cell phones. And I went to a payphone to make a phone call. And I was watching the rats while my car was filling up with gas, jumping on the wheel, climbing into the wheel.


Well, Just trying to figure shit Out. Just jumping all over the outside of my car. I was like, what the fuck? Yeah. That's Crazy. And that's the Nineties. That's the nineties. It's Like, wait, how many of what, how many did they have then? And they've probably exponentially expanded. So What are they just so good at reproducing? They're just that good at it, huh? Well, They're really clever too. One of the things they show in this documentary is when they put poison in these like areas where these rats are Yeah. They send some young stupid rat to go test it and they sit back and watch. That's fucked up. And this young stupid rat eats it and you watch. And I go, oh yeah, all right. Then they go eat that rat that died. Right? Yeah. They're clever little Fuckers. I remember. I, I thought that's how coyotes hunted.


Like, 'cause I've golf, we used to golf in Griffith Park in la and you would see one coyote and I learned like the, the pack would send out one. Yeah, go look. Check it out. Come wait. Do it to get, get Dogs. That's how they get dogs. And the dog will run and then a bunch of other ones will pile onto 'em. Yeah. That's Fucked up. There's This horror movie. Sorry, I I Actually put That on screen on accident before Rats Night of Terror 1984. It like, So fucking goofy. Oh yeah. It was a goofy ass shit. She looks hilarious. It's the cold of her mouth. Oh, it's clowning outta her mouth. God, this is a good one. My god. He, he, he rats Night of terror. Yeah. They've always been a fucking terrifying animal man. They've always been a terrify. Actually, roaches freak me out more, but rats I at least can sympathize with and understand that they're like living beings with, you know, families and shit.


But roaches though, I don't know man. That's just the way they fucking are so quiet. You don't even know they're there. Well, That's just, that's a thing about cities. They're just infested by all these parasites that live off of the city, you know? And essentially rats, you know, if the city didn't exist, there was no way there would be that many rats in an area. Yeah. They only exist in a place that doesn't have anything that eats them. They don't, you know, they've tunneled under so they protect themselves from raptors. So there's no birds that fly down and snatch 'em up. There's no, there are coyotes in New York City, but there's not nearly enough to deal with the amount of fucking rats that are there. It's gross. Did you ever see that movie? Dark Days? About the people that lived in the subway tunnels?


Oh yeah. That's a fucking wild movie. It's like Vegas, right? It was in New York, I believe. Oh, right, right, right. But some of these motherfuckers were like running an extension cord like 500 feet or Yeah, they had like opened wires up. Oh dude. And spliced into things like, And it's like, you know, yeah. They have Generators down there Watching TV and shit. Bizarre man. I mean, what a fuck. What keeps you going? You know, there's like wealthy people that are committing suicide. Yeah, Exactly. And these motherfuckers are like grinding. I mean, this is like In the tunnels, Man. This is deep in the tunnels. And you know, anyone, anyone who's lived in New York City, you, you look down those tunnels and you go, what's down there man? Right. And every now then kids go, let's go look.


Oh, that's the only part of the trailer. This show. That's fascinating. There's Good monster movies that takes place in tunnels too. Yeah. 'cause that's always like, you wonder what's down there. You know, it'd be a good, wasn't that like, the strain wasn't that part of the vampire all lore that they lived, they lived in the tunnels. Oh, I don't know. But tunnels are creepy, man. Oh yeah. When you cross into complete darkness, this cities Are creepy. You stack all those people on top of each other like that. And everybody's just walking down the street together and going down alleyways And, you know, and then the cities today are so much safer than they ever were in the past. Yeah. You know, like, who the fuck wanted to live in the cities in like 17 hundreds, Dude. And like the, the, there was just like a trough for sewage. And then like people would die at the plague and they would just throw 'em in the street.


I know. It's, I, I never Do you live in the city now? I live in Brooklyn now. Yeah. So it's kind of like city. Well, no, it is the city, but it's not like Manhattan on, on top of each other. But Do you live in hipster Brooklyn? I live this hipster Brooklyn. I Live in Bedstuy Brooklyn, which is becoming Hipsters or Die. Yeah. It's becoming hipster Brooklyn. That was my Mike Tyson grew up. That's right. They gentrified the shit outta that place, huh? Yeah. I mean it's on its way. It's on it, it's on its way. And it's not full hipster, But other hipsters anymore. Well, I was just reading something like that about like, the people that dress like, you know, they were like a, a like a postal employee from the 17 hundreds.


I always, my definition of a hipster was always like dad's money dressed like they don't have money. Oh, okay. But what's aster? There's that too. But there's also the hipsters that would dress with like curly mustaches Yeah. And bow ties. Yeah. Those guys. Yeah. So that's not Bed-Stuy yet. That, that's Williamsburg That's kind Of died off though. Hasn't that look kind of died off? Yeah, it has. Right? It's Died off. I would say what's more common is the in is the gender androgyny dressing. Oh yeah. You know, that's, that's A good move. You can get a lot of pussy that way. That's a, that's a big Brooklyn. That's a big Brooklyn move. But Yeah. Yeah, it's a great, I mean, it's great for comedy.


Oh yeah, man. Walking around Brooklyn. Oh yeah. The shit you see, you know, last January our front door was broken, didn't lock All the way. It was broken for 18 hours. Okay. No one knows it's broken. Just, just our buildings. Only three apartments. Somebody checks the door. It's not locked. They go up to our hallway, they steal all my family's winter coats, including mine. Okay. This is the heart of January. So we were, as a family, we wake up, let's go to the park, let's do whatever. We open the door where we kept our, our coats in the hallway, everything's gone. So it's like, holy shit, it's the middle of January. All our shit's gone. I call the detective, the cops come, whatever.


He's like, these motherfuckers walk up and down the street every night checking for every door just to see if something is broken. A year and a half later I've been looking for this one coat that I love, this scotch and soda multi color pattern coat. I love it. I'm just looking online for my coat. Right. Someone's gotta sell my coat. So I find it on Poshmark the coat. I don't know if it's my coat, but it's the exact same coat, which you can't find at the, at Scotch. And so anymore I buy it, it comes from my neighborhood, from a woman she sends, sends it to me, I put it on, my wife is like, that is your coat. A hundred percent. That's your coats. True. So I fucking bought my coat back from the person that stole it most likely.


But do you know who the lady is? I don't. I I did a Google search and nothing really came up And it was just like, how hard do I want to fight this? At least you got your Coat back. I got my coat back. It looks Good. That's just like the price you pay for living in Brooklyn. Yeah. And like, it's winter and I feel part of me is like, holy shit, someone had to steal our coats. Right. That sucks. Right. I've never even like, right. I, I never even thought about not having a coat To steal coats. I Have a coat, I have multiple coats. So there's a part of me that was just like, come ask, I'll give you a fucking coat. But, And the part of you was like, oh fuck, you're selling 'em online. Fuck yeah. Fuck you. That's my coat. Exactly. They're making a profit. It's like, that's the difference between like the heartfelt, You know, compassionate view.


Like, oh, these poor people, they have to steal coats. Then you're like, oh, actually they're selling it so they get fucking heroin money. Yeah. Well if that, that's the case. That sucks. Yeah, it does suck. Yeah, it does suck. It does suck. Yeah. It's a weird thing about living in large communities of people like that. There's just too many variables. Yeah. A lot of variables that are not good. And Like one person affects so many. Sure. The one guy on my street that doesn't do a good job with the trash, it gets knocked over, the wind blows it, the rest of the street picks it up. That's the shit that as you get older, the city starts to fuck fuck you up. Yeah. I don't wanna pick his trash up anymore. Yeah. I'm, this is my time is all I have.


I'll pick up my family's trash and my trash. I don't wanna pick up that Guy's trash. The one guy who doesn't clean his dog poo. Right, right. Yeah. Right. That's just sense. And you know it, the little tiny poos, you're like, motherfucker, I know that's your dog. I see that little dog. He's, he's sneaky bitch. Pick up the dog. Poop up that up, bro. People don't like carrying around those bags of Turds. No, I mean it's disgusting. It's pretty gross. It's gross. But It's also like, come on. Yeah. You can't just leave shit. No. You know what the weird thing to me is the smokers. 'cause smokers have no problem littering. That's the weirdest Thing. Somehow that got through the litter loophole. Right. With people that are pretty conscientious. Like they would never throw a soda can on the ground. Yeah. But they'll throw that cigarette on the ground. Step on it. Yeah. And like, what are you doing?


Oh, someone's gonna clean that. Like what? I hope those are biodegradable. The filters No. Right. No. No. Okay. Oh, I doubt it. Yeah. I'm giving 'em too much credit. I mean, maybe in like a hundred thousand years. How long does it take for a cigarette filter to biodegrade? That's a, that's, let's take a guess. Let's take a, I was thinking of not the best reason for it, but if you just throw it in the trash, you could start a fire if you didn't put it outright. So that could be No, you step on it man. You throw it in trash Up on the All the time. I'm just telling you, if you just, people are dumb. So this is a dumb thing where we're talking about They're doing it where there's no trash anywhere near them. They're throwing it down in alleyways. They used do in a lot of the comedy store All the time. Comics do it. I'm like, come on man. Come on dudes. Don't do that. I bet you it's, I bet you it's 200 years for a fil fil filter to dive.


Yeah. I would say At least if it's like styrofoam or some shit, it's like, yeah, it's A fucking fiberglass or some shit. By the way, is that even better for you? 18 months to 10 years? 18 months to 10 years? That's Pretty Vague. Yep. Depends which one they're using. That's ai. You know what I mean? Oh, it depends on which one. I'm sure they don't all use the same, like American spirits probably have like hemp or something like that. Yeah, those fucking Yeah. Hippie smokes. Oh, Hold on. Now it's cellulose. Huh? Wait, what? I don't know. This is where we're getting into this weird spot of ai. I was gonna bring that up. Google AI stuff fucks up All the time. Look on the screen. Like it says 18 months to 10 years here, Right? Oh yeah. I go Right here. Are cigarettes biodegradable? No, they're not biodegradable.


They're made of plastic called cellulose acetate, which can take up to 10 years to break down also leach toxic chemicals into the environment. No, But it does break down. Yeah. It's not biodegradable So it breaks down. Yeah, it's not, or I don't, it's poison. It, it Just breaks into smaller toxic pieces. Yeah. It breaks into poison also. If you're smoking a filter and the filter's got toxic chemical. Yeah, exactly. Degrading, you're heating it up. Photo degradable. That seems like a nice fun term. They found photo Degradable. Oh. But not biodegradable. What does that mean? Trap residues from smoking, including arsenic, cadmium, and to loon to Oh, who knows? To, this is The issue with ai. I, I try not to even, but it's, it's contradicting itself.


And I was reading a thing where a professor was talking about the, the issues that he's having grading papers and accusing people of using ai. Yeah. And then it's like, it's just opened up this whole door. Yeah. That they don't know exactly how to deal with because you could get AI and write something and then you could write something similar. You just kinda like twist it around a little bit like a joke thief would do. And then you're basically using AI to write your papers. But I think AI will sell that professor a AI detection software. Yeah. But if you do a good job of spinning the words around Yeah. Just move it around around. Especially if you're dealing with like historical facts or something That's true. Like AI is going to lay it out for you. Right. You have to do zero research and if it's like, you know, you just print it in that order slightly differently.


I guess the bigger question is, d does writing the term paper serve a value at this point? If AI can just do it. Right. You know, I spent a lot of time learning cursive. Meaning what the fuck is that? It's useless. The thing is, I don't, It's like if you're a student though, if you're really trying to get the most outta your education, it's like what are you trying to do? Are you trying to get good grades? Are you really trying to get educated? If you're trying to get educated, don't cheat. Yeah. Actually figure it out. Yeah. Actually absorb the information and learn. But if you're not really into that subject and that's not really your thing and you really want to get a degree in this, but you have to take a course in that like, eh Yeah. Yeah. And you could like spend an hour working on something instead of 16 hours.


Yeah. Or if you wanna be a skateboarder and you're, you gotta half pipe outside. Do have ai do the turn paper and go fucking Yeah. You don't Have to That fucking giant 1400 page book. Well, this is good. This is also a bigger question about like our education and public schools and like, you're Gonna be in the matrix, you don't need education. Yeah. They're gonna plaque it in, press a button and you're gonna be like, Joe is fully, I no kung fu. That's what it's gonna be. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I, I really firmly believe that. I also believe it's gonna be genetic engineering, so people are gonna be unrecognizable. I think whatever we have coming over the next a hundred years is gonna make the last a hundred years look like a joke. Right. The change of 1925 to, you know.


Yeah. 2025 is pretty extraordinary. It's gonna be nothing compared to the change that we experienced by 21, 25. Do you think humans will always elevate themselves and speak to a crowd for laughs? That might be the only thing we have left Because we, they've always said it's prostitution and comedy and, and comedy in comedy where the, you know, the court jester and the, and the prostitute. I just curious if we think in the future that'll remain as well. I hope so. I Hope so. Yeah. It would suck. Well, definitely memes. Memes will probably get better. That's a good form of comedy. That's true. There'll be some kind of comedy. There's always gonna be human folly. Yeah. As long as there's humans and how, I don't know how long that's gonna last.


Right. That's the real concern that we, we might be obsolete and we might be giving birth to this obsolete thing, willingly signing up for ai. So if we become obsolete, then that means the machines will have to also figure out how to provide energy to itself. Yeah. That'll be easy. But that'll be easy. They'll learn, they'll just plug this into this. They'll Do it way better Than us. Just mine the thing. And then burn the thing and then, right. Yeah. They'll probably harness some shit we didn't even think about. Right. It'll be far more efficient. Right. No carbon footprint, don't have to worry about things breaking down anymore, And then we'll just slowly die off or whatever. Then they'll Put up a shield system to protect us from asteroids. They'll figure that out. Right. Yeah. What's that movie with where Ster Stallone lives in the bot in the basement of the earth or whatever.


Judge. Dread. Yeah. Maybe it's judge dread and like, I, I am the law, but I feel like it's all these people who refuse the advancement of technology. Right. It's gonna be some of that. Yeah. There's gonna be a lot of people living in the Amazon. Yeah. Still eating monkeys. Yeah. But the, the, the rest, the rest of the electrified world is gonna be very strange. Yeah. Yeah. But hopefully we'll still crack jokes Michael. That would be great. Hopefully. All right. Should we wrap this up? Your book? Tell everybody my book is Called Do you have a copy? I, dude, there it is. Thank you. Lucky Loser. The publisher's gonna kill me. I said I was gonna present it to you on the show. Whoopsies. We got a photo of it doesn't matter. Adventures in Tennis and Comedy. Yeah. Lucky Loser.


Get me a copy and I'll put it out there in the bookshelf. Put a lot of books out there. We should have sent you one. If you don't, I'll get you one. Yeah. So the book starts when my brother gave me a tennis racket for Christmas when I was four. Nice. And my dream was to be a professional tennis player and we did it, but only to 864 in the world. That's the, that's my highest world ranking. Should have Turned into a chick. He could have dominated That. That's, that's the point of the book. But it, it, it's, the story is how I went from pro tennis to comedy and it's fascinating and silly and a lot of failure. Talking a lot about the struggles of being alone in both of those professions.


Tennis, you're alone. Problem solving. Yeah. By self and comedy. You're alone in problem solving. And Well, You're a great comic. You're a very funny guy. Thank, you've always, you've been very cool to hang out with. Thanks. And I'm really excited that you're at the club this weekend. Are there any tickets available? I got an email yesterday from my management that all shows are sold out, So if anybody wants to go, the best case thing is you go and wait at the front and sometimes people don't show up, which does happen, especially South by Southwest. It's crazy Parking and, but I'm psyched, I'm psyched to see you at the club. I'm, I'm coming this weekend. I'll come hang out. And Dude, Thank you. That would be awesome. My pleasure. Thanks for having me. And congrats on, on the club and all that's happening. I appreciate That.


Thank you. And congrats on everything. Thank you. On The Daily Show.