
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night all day, Brother. Good to see you. Thank you, Joe. Always Good to see you, my man. It's always good seeing you, man. I, I, I always say like, you know, you give the best hugs, like the UFC the other night when I saw you Yeah. And you came up. You just wrap it up. I love, I love it. I'm a hug guy too. Yeah. I think it shows your emotion. I love a real hug. Yeah. A real hug where someone loves you. Yeah. You know, You know I love you, so I give you a love hug. I I know you love me. I know you love me. We've been friends for a long time, brother.


I know. We really have. It's, it's, it's nice like having friends that you've been friends with for just decades. You know, I always say I've, I've said this to before, but I always say, you're like, I'd never had a brother growing up. And you're, you've always been pretty honest with me, the way a big brother would be. And you've always come from a place of love. I remember the whole reason my whole, I was doing nothing and fucking nothing. I'm sitting in the backstage of the store with you and you said, you looked at you, you looked just, you go, Tommy's doing theaters. And I said, okay. And you, you need, you need to be doing theaters. I was like, okay. And you are like, you need a Netflix special, you need to get one. I was like, alright Joe, how am I supposed to do that? And you go be undeniable and you just walked away.


And I fucking was like, that's the kind of mentorship you look for in a friend. That's what, who you wanna be around, surround yourself with great white sharks and people think you're a great white shark. Well, You were always really fun and really funny, but you were always doing these travel channel shows. Yeah. And this is what drove me crazy. I remember the day, we've talked about it before, but I remember the day I was in the comedy store and I was calling you from the main room and you were on a motorcycle in Vietnam and I think you were drunk. And I was drunk and hot. Two things. You're not supposed to be on a motorcycle, no helmet and flip flops. Which by the way, it's a fun way to catch somebody when you call someone and you're gonna go on stage in like 20 minutes.


I'm just checking in on you, see what's going on. And you're on a fucking motorcycle in Vietnam. I'm laughing. But then I was like, dude, you really need to dedicate yourself to standup. Like, this is a trap. It's a velvet prison. Yeah. These TV shows are a velvet prison. And when you're on the travel channel, you're not even getting, well, you're making great money. Right. But you're not getting, I can retire now. Money. No, there's no fuck you money. It's, I can live. Well, money, you know, it's a great job. But it's one of those jobs where you, at a certain point in time, you gotta go, okay, I have to jump ship. Like, you know, I can't keep doing this. Like this is, this is gonna fuck up everything else I'm doing. It's Hard to pull that trigger too, because like, I like with kids in a family and a house.


Yep, yep, yep. And you go, okay, it's not great money, but it's good money. Yeah. And the road was not great money. And I remember you saying you need a Netflix special. Yeah, I remember you saying that to me on that motorcycle. I'm sitting, I, I pulled, I had headsets in, I, I was listening to the Doors Mag Magic Caravan, Spanish Caravan. And I was flying, I was high. There were oxen on either side of me. The sun was setting. And you were like, dude, this is who you are. Fuck that travel channel bullshit. Get away from it. You need to focus on standup in your podcast. Yeah. And I was like, yeah. And you're like, you're the fucking machine. If you don't talk about this on stage, then you're not doing yourself. You're doing yourself a disservice. Well there's certain people that like, you know, their full potential because when they're with you, they're completely relaxed And you know, everyone's just having a great time and you get to see them at their best.


And when you're crying, laughing, just hanging out, talking to a guy, you're like, this guy's got it. He's just gotta figure out how to get rid of All the other shit in his life and focus on that. 'cause you were always so fucking funny. And I was like, how is this guy doing these shows where he's letting people hurt him and all this, like, when you were doing Hurt Burn, I was like, what are you doing? Don't get hurt. And then I just, that I also, I'd gone through it with Fear Factor. Like Fear Factor was a great job, don't get me wrong. Very happy that I got it. It was wonderful. It gave me Fuck you money. It gave me the ability to do whatever I want after that. Yeah. But it was a thing where I was like, this is not what I want to do. What I want to do is what I always do.


Just to stand up, have fun. You know, if, if I, I was, I was doing the UFC back then too, so I was like, do the UFC commentary things I love doing. That's what I wanna be doing. I don't wanna be doing just a job. Jobs are great, don't get me wrong. Thankful I got it all. But at a certain point in time, if you want to reach your full potential, you have to realize like, this is holding me back. And sometimes people don't wanna tell you that because it's a job and it's a great gig. And I've had people, I've had people tell me like, don't leave Fear Factor. I'm like, what the fuck are you talking about? I have to leave. I'm like, I have to leave. I gotta go. You know? I remember, I remember those times. I remember people saying, 'cause I knew you were, I knew you as Joe the standup. And, and I, and I remember people saying he does comedy. And I was like, no, that's what he does.


Like, he's not an actor, he is not a host, he's a comedian. But that's un understandable. Right. Like my, my standup I'd only done like by then, I'd only done like a couple things that were out that were available. And I was on the hugest show in television. Fear Factor was fucking gigantic. It was massive. It was nuts. It was massive. Monday nights. Yeah. It was a fun job. You Know, it's a big show when 20 years later you can remember the night it was on. But this is what's important. Even though it was the number one show in the country, I still have that feeling like, I don't wanna really be doing this. Yeah. I'm happy to do it. It's, I I'm very thankful that I got the job. I, I worked with some amazing people. It was a lot of fun. We had a great crew. Really fun time.


But I didn't wanna do it. I wanted to do this, this is what I, I didn't know I wanted to do this 'cause this wasn't a thing, you know? But once I figured it out, I was like, oh, this is what I wanna do. I wanted this in standup and the UFC, which is like, to me, it's not even a job. It's like a vacation. It's cra it's crazy. Watching you operate in the UFC and seeing that mechanism and to think Yeah. When you started that, like how long, how far that, that path with the UFC's been for you? Oh, for me it was 97. I know. But walking in through the other day and I was like, oh, this has been Joe's life for fucking 26 years. Well, you know, if you want, if you're a person who's a martial artist and you're a fan of martial arts, if you get a job to do that, like if you get a job to talk about martial arts and to express your love for it and your appreciation for the athletes, appreciation for the fighters And what they have to go through to get to where they're at and the, the magnitude of their accomplishments.


And to put words to that, like, to do that, to be able to do that for a living, that's an honor. That's how I feel about it. Oh yeah. It's like, it's an honor. It's an honor. And I, I feel like I do a good job at it. And so, and I like doing it and I'm super passionate about it. And I don't do it because it's a job. I do it because I love it. Like, I don't need to do it. I could ac quit a long time ago. It does. Like, I could just watch it. Like, we're doing a Fight Companion this weekend. It's gonna be fun. Yeah. We're gonna hang out. What are you doing on Saturday? I don't know. Oh, I'm in Vegas. Are you really? I have two shows in Vegas this weekend. Oh, nice. At Resorts World Theater. Nice. Oh, I should say my special lucky is streaming right now on Netflix. Netflix Right now is right now. I said lucky. I say lucky 'cause I, I, I am the luckiest fucking guy in the world.


I really am. When you think about, like, do you think about like finding the friends I did later in life? You know, like at like 37 or 38 when I started meeting all you guys and hanging out with you guys and then, and then, You know, being and being, getting, getting into comedy at the time I did, like, we got into comedy when no one, it wasn't a job. It was like, right. It was weird. It was like joining the fucking circus. It Was, It was. And I got only got into comedy because I got discovered by Rolling Stone Magazine as the number one party animal in the country. I mean, what are the fucking odds of my life tracking out? So I I, that's why I named it lucky. Well, We're all very lucky. That's absolutely sure. No, no dispute. We're all very lucky. If you're listening to this, you're very lucky.


'cause You can fucking hear How about that. Yeah. If you're watching it, you're very lucky. You can see, you're very lucky that you can afford a phone. You're very lucky. Like most of the world lives in utter poverty. And that's the unfortunate reality of all these people. Virtue signaling about the 1% like bitch, you are in the 1%. There's someone digging, you're in the 1% of the world. Blood diamonds and Sarah Leone right now smoking Brown, brown and he's 11. Okay. If you make $34,000 in America, you are in the 1% of the world. How about that? Wow. Yep. That's real. My, my father-in-law still isn't in that 1%.


Hey, life's not good for everybody. Life's not Good for everybody. Some people don't get lucky at all.


I've been trying to wrap my mind around the idea of quantum computing. It's exciting, but complex and difficult to understand. What I do know is that quantum computers can process exponentially more data than the ones you and I use every day. Quantum computers also put a new strain on the world of digital privacy and cybersecurity. They may one day crack encryption algorithms that we currently consider secure. That's why Express VPN upgraded their encryption to use ml KEM, the strongest available protection from post quantum threats with Express VPN, all your online activity is rerouted through secure encrypted servers. Even though all your data is still being handled by your internet provider or whoever the provider is for the random public wifi network you're on, none of these third parties will be able to read your data or hijack your connection for malicious intent. And with post quantum protection Express, VPN is essentially future proofing your privacy. Just one of many reasons why Express VPN is the absolute best VPN out there. So if you want to get the highest standards of post quantum protection from your VPN service, tap the banner or go to express vpn.com/rogan and now listeners can get four extra months for free. That's express vpn.com/rogan. And if you're watching on YouTube, you can get your four free months by scanning the QR code on screen or by clicking the link in the description.


It's, I always think lucky is a, a perspective. You Work hard, dude, you, you, you're not just lucky. You work hard, you work real hard. You're, you're always touring, you're always doing things, you're always putting together new shit. You're always working, you're always hustling. Like it's not just luck, it's luck. Plus, you know, you love to party, but you also have a great work ethic. And that's very, very important, man. It's like, you can't just be lucky. Lucky's huge. You gotta get lucky. But also if you work really hard, you tend to get luckier. Especially if you're smart and if you're willing to take risks. Like for you, the Travel channel, think that was a risk. Yeah. Like you had to, you gotta listen to your friends and you gotta go, you know what, they're fucking right.


Everybody else is cooking right now. And my standup's kind of stalled out because I'm doing this TV show. And again, it's coming from someone who was there. I, and, and I'm telling you that if you're, you're making millions and you still feel that way, versus if you're making thousands and you still feel that way, you gotta trust me. There's another way to get through this. And the the other way we found we got, you know, we were right. Yeah. Look, we fucking saw light at the end of the tunnel. We were like, this is the way to go. And we were right. I remember you telling all of us, you guys need a podcast. And I remember saying to Tom, he's out of his mind. Why don't we just do his Yeah, No. Everybody thought I was out of my mind for even doing mine. Like, people mocked me openly. Like Howard Stern famously mocked all people that were doing podcasts.


You, you're wast your time. I remember that. But in his mind that was correct. 'cause he didn't, he didn't have this. He wasn't an internet kid. You know, I'm not an internet kid, but you know, I, I used to build my own computers in the nineties. I used to go to Fry's Electronics Whoa. And get motherboards and hard drives and Yeah. And my friend Andrew used to help me over the phone. I'd call him, he's a like a Wizard Tech guy. And so like, I had bought all these like, high end gaming computers and upgraded the video cards. And I was on all these like, crazy websites. We'd send each other like, You know, that was the two girls One Cups days.


Like, so I was pretty plugged in. What was the guy, Mr. Smiles or something? Mr. Hands. Mr. Hands. Okay, keep going. So there was, I was pretty plugged into the idea that the internet was something that people were finding stuff that just wasn't available anywhere else. I got all these like crazy lectures, these Allen Watts lectures that I downloaded. I'm like, this is nuts. That was back when you had to download stuff and then you had to upload it to an AirPod, remember your AirPods with the wheel? Oh yeah. Those were the shit. Oh, I remember that. Click Click. Yeah. The little wheel that was spun around. I love that thing. And so I would download all these Terrance McKenna lectures and all these Timothy Leary, all these like, fascinating conversations that I would download onto.


And then I started thinking about it and then I was like, well there's podcasts, so people just like start. Well let's just start doing one of those. We just started doing it and I was like, nobody was listening to them. It was like Adam Corolla had a big one because Adam had just left terrestrial radio. He was the morning guy that replaced Howard Stern when Howard Stern went to xm. Right. Yeah. So he's, he's on, or Sirius, whatever it was. So it's both now, right? They're they're combined. Yeah. Serious. So he's on morning radio all over the country. But morning radio is like super stagnant. And they had a LA morning radio station where it was all morning, excuse me, talk radio station where it was all talk radio. So it was Tom Ku, it was him, it was, there was a few other people.


I can't remember. Ricky Rock Rockman had a show. Yeah, Phil Henry I think had a show. Yeah. You remember he Had a different show? Oh yeah. Phil Henry was the AM guy. He Was I that, that was the greatest, one of the greatest Goddamn Shows In the world. He's one of the greatest shows of all time. And he's a super nice guy. I met him once in Montreal. So for people who don't know Phil Henry, he's the caller and he's the answerer. He does different voices. I mean genius. And he, he gets people so angry 'cause the callers will say the dumbest fucking shit. And then you'll have actual people calling in to argue with the caller who's all Phil Hendry. Yeah. I remember sitting next to my dad's bed, my dad's in his underwear and he's got his alarm clock and we're listening to it.


My dad's just like this. And my dad goes, buddy, he's both of them. I was like, what? He goes, this is all him. Yeah. And you're just like, whoa. I mean, it was so ahead of its time, so Ahead of its time. And once you were in on the joke, it was amazing. Oh, it was amazing. If I was coming out from the store, I'd always, I use Phil Henry or Art Bell. Yeah, that's what I listened to God the old days. So Art Bell was my favorite because he, who was Art Bell? Art Bell was coast to coast with Art Bell from the Kingdom of Nye. He was broadcasting from a fucking bunker in the middle of the, the Nevada desert he was in. He like had like this crazy radio tower outside of his house in the Nevada desert. And he would have, he would take calls from time travelers, werewolves, people that are coming from another dimension.


Like he was the nuttiest fucking show for real. Like one of my greatest career accomplishments that like made me the most happy was I got on the Art Bell show. And I got on it like way later when he was on the internet. It wasn't even on radio anywhere, but for me it was like, I got on the Art Bell show. Yes. It was just like, I just loved that show. It was so fun. 'cause I'd be driving out. That's that looks, that was his house. So look at, if you see like what his house looked like, it's like his house is in the middle of nowhere in the fucking desert. I mean the middle of of nowhere. There's nothing around his house. And his house is all fenced in like chain link fence and shit. It looks like, so, it looks so psychotic.


Like perfect for a guy that is broadcasting. He's got like this compound in the fucking desert, dude. God. Yeah. It was amazing dude. Those, and he would broadcast right from there. 'cause radio, if you have a tower and you have a station, You can broadcast the whole country. The country can carry it. So the whole country was carrying coast to coast with our bell. And this wild motherfuckers out in the middle of nowhere in the desert in like a compound God talking to aliens. They were doing, They were doing what we're doing now way before our, before The curve. Oh yes. Well we all, all we have today to Howard Stern and Art Bell for sure.


'cause you know, we are com kind of like a combination of Howard Stern and Art Bell. Yeah. And, and if it wasn't for the, it wasn't for, he's the, the guy that got arrested or didn't get arrested, but he got fined heavily by the Bush administration. This is back when the Republicans were the ones that were trying to censor people, which you should always realize. That's crazy. That you gotta to say that this fucking stupid game that people play back and forth with, You know who loves war? Who hates war. Yeah. Who, who loves censorship. Who hates censorship. It's a political beach ball that they tossed around at a concert to keep people occupied. These motherfuckers switched sides. Right? Yeah. That should tell you enough. Alone by yourself, by by itself. Right there. That they fucking switched sides.


But he was getting attacked for obscenity. So he would put like whatever they would do. And they were, they were they fined What was the total amount that Howard Stern was fined? So this has to be, you got a neurotic guy as it is, right? Who's also the, the most pioneering radio guy of all time. Right. He's the guy that changed radio from DJs playing records to just talking And, and talking in your authentic voice. Yeah. And not, Hey, welcome back Talking in your authentic voice and having wild shit on the radio. 2.5 million, $2, 2.5 million between 1990 and 2004. So they fucked with him for 14 years.


14 years. And that's not paid by the station that's paid by him. Find owners of radio station licenses that carried the Howard Stern Show a total of 2.5 million for content and considered to be indecent and decent. So All the stuff that we do on podcast right now, we would 100% have been fined. 100%. I would've been off the air a long time ago. It was real censorship, but it was just done under the guise of, you know, broadcast. Like, the idea is like if you're gonna broadcast something on a major network like N-B-C-C-B-S, they have rules to language And what you're allowed to show, which is kind of crazy. Like why do you have those rules?


Like why do those rules exist to keep obscenity from television And like maybe that was a good idea in 1950. Yeah. When people didn't know any better. But now that we know better, like why do you have rules like that? I can't believe that radio still has those rules. And I, the rules hardcore are slippery. You can say dickhead, you Can't say cunt, But you can't say suck my dick. You can't say any, anything you wanna say. Like sometimes cunts the right word. Cunts my, one of my favorite words. Every now and then, it's the right word when used correctly. But like, if you can't say it, then you can't fully express yourself. And if you don't like people fully expressing themselves because you don't like certain sounds, I suggest you grow the fuck up.


That's a ridiculous way to think if, if I can say cock, but I can't say cock sucker if I could say Dick like, dick like Dick Cheney, but I can't say suck a dick. Yeah. Like what are we doing? You you, it's the same sound. You're making the same sound. I can say pussy cat, pussy cat's fine. You know, you can't say n word breakfast, You know what I'm saying? Yeah, You can, you gotta look both ways. You gotta be black, but you, You know what I'm saying? Like, you, you, if you wanna say certain words that are forbidden words, sometimes they're Okay. So it's the sound is sometimes okay. It, It even gets trickier. Like there was a video I was cutting to promote my tour or whatever and it's me on a boat or, but the special and it's me on a, a boat and there's this, there's this page I'm really obsessed with.


It's, it's fat N word season Joe is so addictive 'cause it's, and it's just, it's all ai and I think they're promoting a crypto coin Of course. And I was like, and I didn't like the edit, so I go, Hey, put Fat n word summer play that song. And it's fucking so much funnier Joe with it's so much funnier with me shirtless on a boat. But these guys are great. But I I, my wife saw it, she was like, that's offensive. I was like, no. I Was like, she's right. Yeah. And then I sent it to Tommy, I go, is this racist? And he was like, sent it to the wrong guy. All, all Tom sends me a videos of, of fat black chicks on rope swings.


Our whole thread is just anytime a chick Takes An L off a Cliff, God that's, I gotta get on that threat because the one me and Tommy are on is horrible. What's that one? It's all murder. Oh Yeah, That's Murder. This brain. The other murder murder and, and car accidents today was a car accident. It was guy escaping the cops and the guy flips this van multiple times, gets thrown into traffic and then run over by cars and it's just splatter fest. I can't watch those. I was telling, I was telling someone my d my niece had my phone and she's like, for three and, and you know, you forget what your algorithm looks like. And it was, And it was Fat Mware summer song came on and she's like Uncle Bert.


And then the next video was a chick pissing on blast out Steve's head. And I was like, oh, maybe you shouldn't use my phone to, to relax with Yeah. My kids know better. Don't Work on My algorithm is fucked, Dude. Yeah. My algorithm's not good. It is Fucked. It is. My YouTube algorithm's great. Oh my YouTube a's all history. A lot of my YouTube algorithm lately has been like watching people build things I love like cabinet makers and carpenters or there's this one guy who makes these specialized desks that have like secret drawers and shit. Hold on. I follow that guy. Yeah. Where you put your hand here. I think There's a few of those guys. And A magnet comes up and a wall comes Out and he waves it. Yeah. Fuck. Those desks are badass. Yeah. He wave the wand and the keyboard rolls out.


Like Yeah, it's pretty dope. There's a bunch of those guys that make these like super ingenious, like homemade artisan desks. Yeah. That or if you get me a chick with no bra doing survival techniques in the woods. Oh Yeah. That's fucking, I'm in, that's a cell. I've watched so many of those just rock, rock card nipples. That's Hot chicks have found their way into basically all walks of life as influencers. You know, there's like hot chick hunters, there's hot chick juu, jitsu's juujitsu girls. There's hot chick CrossFitters, There's definitely hot chip golfers, you Know that. Oh, a lot Of that. I Ray ran into Paige spear in at the Super Bowl and I was like, and I was like, I had to be real because I'm a golfer.


I was like, I follow you for your swing. You have a great swing. Right. But then you know what's crazy about Paige? She can't snap her fingers or whistle. Oh, how'd you find that out? Because We were playing a game like weird things about us and she was like, I can't, I can't snap my fingers. And I watched her and she went like this. She was like, and I go and she goes, I can't whistle. And she starts going, how Could you not snap your fingers? I have No idea. She's the Most fo golfer Joe. Damn. And she's not professional. Tiger Woods only has 3.5 million followers and she's got four and she's not a professional. Yeah. If you're hot, you could, you could do a lot in this world. And You can also whistle and snap.


You don't have to snap. No you don't snap. That's not important. Do you care? Yes. Yeah, She's super hot, but she does have a great swing. I bet she does. Jesus Christ. And if she's not wearing a bra, it's so good. Look at that watch. Well just watch one. This seems pornographic almost. It kind. She's Oh, There we go. Well, yeah, I wonder why she's got so many followers. She's gonna golf. Yeah. Yeah. It's got a good swing. Damn. I don't even know if I saw any movement. Yeah, I think, I swear to God if I had tit You wanna talk about Lucky? Yeah. That's the Willy Wonka golden ticket. Being a a, a super hot woman, like all you have to do is be nice and doors just open up everywhere. Like duh duh, she's here.


If you're that hot anywhere you go, like red carpets get rolled out, roses get thrown at your feet. She was walking down the a radio row at Super Bowl and with Cam Hayward and both of us are like, just stop talking. But also creepers creepers launch themselves at you. Oh, you are never invisible. Guys are fucking with you All the time. Overconfident guys are hitting on you All the time and then getting really mean when you reject them. That's the thing that chicks have to deal with. They have to deal with like angry guys that like are angry that they get rejected and they start insulting them and yelling at them and like, that's scary shit, man. Yeah. That's scary Shit. Yeah. Think about all our friends, all our female comedians that have stalkers. I mean the, the like it's, oh yeah.


It's so you work your ass off as a comic, you happen to be pretty, you start killing it and then All the fucking psychos come outta the woodwork And you don't have any money. So, You know, probably live in a place that's easy to get to. That's crazy. Yeah. I don't, I don't, yeah, It's dangerous. There's a lot of fucking, well we need better mental healthcare in this fucking country and there's a lot of people out there that are out of their fucking mind. And if no one's paying in, paying attention to them or checking in on 'em, like imagine you're your average guy who loses his fucking mind and you're a 40-year-old guy who works at a gas station and you've been working out at that gas station for 20 years and no one's paying attention and you're just slowly losing your fucking mind.


And you know, you think Jared Lato is Satan and that, you know, you've, you've decided that like someone's sending you code on television and, and then you lock onto some female comedian and like, that's your target. That's who you're, It's gotta feel nice though. What? To be the lunatic? No. Just to have something The fuck is wrong with You. Have something to focus on. Don't Encourage this. Have something to focus on. But play video games guys. Yeah. Get, get involved in Call of Duty. Okay. You don't have to fucking go talk people. Find something productive. Play online. Chess. You fucking psycho. You don't have to go stalk People. I always had that, that brain that, you know, I'd see something like a new addiction come up, like cutting.


And I'd go, I wonder what that does. Like I was always looking for something like that, you know? Yeah. Like, like a, I could never do eating disorder. That was too tough for me, but hey, how about when we were at dinner with that guy and, and I said to him, I ran marathons. And he went, you do. That was funny. And he was, I wasn't trying to be rude. That was funny. That was funny. And he was definitely trying to be rude. He was being funny. He fucking, we were shit was fucking That's Taylor. Taylor Sheridan. He was awesome, dude. Yeah. I like how you call him that guy. Well I Didn't wanna blow his spot up. Yeah, that's all right. He, Dude, he, lemme tell you something, I I'm gonna give props to Taylor Sheridan. I haven't said this to anyone. I try to keep those moments that, you know, you have with those guys private because I was a little bit of a party snitch for a while.


But like, he's a, he's a great American storyteller. He really is. When he says, when he tells you anything about his life or what he's doing or breaking a, he wouldn't, he doesn't even call it breaking a horse. I see. He calls it a different term. But I'm sitting there going like, this is, I mean, and this is gonna be slanderous a little bit, You know, considering difference of time of where they were. But like, it's like having dinner with Ernest Hemingway. He's created some of the greatest content out there out Yellowstone. You can't compare him to Ernest Hemingway. 'cause Ernest Hemingway is dead and a legend. Yeah. Yeah. That's the problem. Okay. But he's amazing. Yeah, but Amazing. Do you Ever see that Hell or High water? You ever see that film? No. What's that? Oh my god. It's one of his films. Oh, That's Tailless film. Yeah.


It's fucking great. It pull up hell or High water This fucking movie dude, this fucking movie is incredible. Jeff Bridges is in it. Yeah, I've seen this. It's about bank robs these criminals in a small town. It's fucking good dude. I think, what's his name's in this? Oh shit. We have a friend in this. Who's Your friend? No, me and you. I think it's our friend. I don't know who it is though. I forget. Okay. Jay, Jamie. Go to the cast. Who's in that? God, Ben Foster's so fucking Good. That guy's so good. You know what that guy was in that's super underrated.


One of his performances. 'cause it's such a wacky movie. 30 days of Night. Did you ever see 30 days of Night? No. What's 30 Days of Night? 30 Days of Night is the second best vampire movie of all time really. First, best Vampire movie of all time is the most recent nos. Ferrato, that's the best vampire movie Of all time. The one that just came out. The one that just came out. Okay. No Ferrato. Okay. The best vampire movie of all time. Is it streaming yet? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, I can't Wait. It's on Apple. But this was 30 Days of Night was a movie where Ben Foster played like a vampire familiar. And these vampires would go to, they went to Alaska in the middle of the winter where it's, oh shit, it's dark for 30 days.


So they could be out for 30 days. And they're fucking terrifying vampires. They're really fun. It's a really, and Ben Foster plays the Vampire Familiar. You know, so the familiar is like, that's him in there. What's a familiar, A familiar is a human that the vampires use to get close to humans and they promise the human that one day he'll have eternal life and he'll be one of them. So the Vampire goes and, and sets up people for the va. The Vampire Familiar sets people up to be killed by the vampires. Oh, Shut up. Yeah. I gotta watch this dude. He was great in in the, the, what was the movie where, where they kidnapped the kid.


Justin Timberlake was in it. Raw Dog, not Raw Dog Bad Foster's a beast, but He's awesome. He's a beast. 3, 3 11 till Zuma or whatever. I didn't see that one. Yuma, oh my God. He is, What is it? Cha three tend to Yuma three tend to Yuma. I didn't see that. He was great in the, the Justin Timberlake movie. It was called like Top Dog or something. Alpha Dog. Alpha Dog. And he was just awesome. And he had a very small role. He played the guy's older brother And it was just like, he's just, he just owns a screen. Yeah, He's a beast. He's, there's certain people that like, when they act you just go, god damn, like It's so good. I'm not one of them. So good. So good. So it makes a movie so much better.


It makes a, so you're just getting dragged into it. I think Jonah Ray is probably the best co comic actor out there. What has he been in Jonah Ray? Everything. When he was in War Dogs and he goes to buy drugs from the black guys. Oh, I didn't see that either. And he goes, there's too much to see. Bert Kreischer. Oh, I, man, I'm, I'm telling you, I am just starting now to just download stuff and get off Instagram and if I'm going to bed, just turn on a documentary, I mean, and start Watching it. What does that, I mean by just starting now to get off Instagram, Jonah Hill. I'm trying Jonah Hill. Jonah Hill you mean? Yeah. What did I say? Jonah Ray, Jesus Christ. Okay. That's why you confused me. Sorry. Jonah Ray also. No, Jonah Hill's awesome. Jonah Hill's fucking amazing. He's great. Jonah Hill is amazing.


He was in, and then in war dogs, he goes up and buys black guy money weed from the back guys. And he is like, how much? He guy 120 bucks and he gives him the 120 bucks and then he is turn and keeps talking to himself and he is like, he's like, Hey, he's got a voice. What are we doing here? Hi guys. And they're like, get the fuck out. And he's like, oh, okay, okay. And he goes to the back of his trunk and pulls out a machine gun and goes, he goes, okay, you listen to me now. He's just awesome dude. Wow. Awesome man. I fucking love that guy. But yeah, there's Too many movies to be paying attention to these days. When I was a kid, if you said you didn't know, you never saw Apocalypse Now what the fuck? You know, it's like once VHS tapes came out, you're supposed to have seen the big ones. Yeah. You didn't see The Godfather, you didn't see Star Wars.


Yeah. Are you outta your fucking mind. But today it's like they never stopped making movies. No, they've never stopped. They make new ones every year. You can't keep up. There's no Way. And All the ones that were up for Oscars, I saw none of those. Well they all involved chaos, but it's Like They all involved the end of civilization. If you wanna win an Oscar, you have to be Trans Lives matter All the way. Like what do you, what do you do to win an Oscar today? Like you have to have something that's got some meaning to it other than just being a good movie, right? Yeah. Like there's, there's gotta be some social justice aspect to it. Wasn't there like some thing where they were talking about God damnit, I can't remember what the article was about, but it was about requirements for a film to win an Oscar today.


What they believe to be requirements. So I don't like awards. Do you know what it is? I'm looking, there was something that they were, it was just representation And inclusion Standards. That's it. Like that, that's it. That's It's, that's not the, that's not the only way to tell a story. That's not, because if you do that, you don't get show gun. Okay. Yeah. Oh, You don't get show guns. You gotta you gotta have an all Japanese cast. You wanna get show gun, you know, you can't, you can't have a fully diverse, you know, 50 50 split of whatever. Everybody, you can't. No. You, you, you have to tell a specific kind of a movie. You know, if you're gonna make a movie about the Congo, you can't have white people play Native Congolese people.


You can't have that. So it's like, some stories are not diverse. It doesn't make make them less valid. It doesn't mean you're racist. It just means that some stories take place in Norway and they involve vikings. Okay. This is like just a part of human history. You know, some places, some stories take place in Egypt and they evolve Africans. Okay. Yeah. It's like there's plenty of room for every kind of fucking story. But if you only want like a specific type of story to win an Academy Award, you don't get the Godfather


daylight savings is coming. So we're about to lose an hour and that means trying to speed up your morning. But if you drink AG one, maybe you're fine with it. It's that quick and easy to help your body feel great every day. Starting your day with Ag one can help you shake off the grogginess, get back into your rhythm and even give you the boost you need to make the most of that extra hour of sunlight. Maybe even turning you into the morning person. You've always wanted to be AG One Rules. I drank it for a long time now. And seriously, it's as easy as I say every month. You just take one scoop, put it in some cold water, shake it up and you're ready to go. Honestly, it tastes pretty good too. I'm not complaining. It's never too late to create a new healthy habit for 2025. So try AG one for yourself. It's easy to stay consistent with and that's why I've been partnering with Ag one for so long. And Ag G one is offering new customers a free gift. When you subscribe, you'll get a welcome kit, a bottle of D three K two, and five free travel packs in your first box. So make sure you check out drink ag one.com/ Joe Rogan. That's drink ag one.com/ Joe Rogan.


You don't get that movie. You don't get Jaws, You Gotta get all Italians. You want the Godfather War? Think about, think about who were the Oscar winners when we were kids? Yeah. We're all fucking banger movies that everyone saw. Right? That everyone saw Best Picture One Best Picture. Because it was best picture. Not because it was the best picture about a a trans social worker that got got abducted and put into Exactly, exactly. Yeah. They got distorted. They get distorted with what the job is. The job is just to purely entertain people and with a great piece of work. That's all it is. That's the whole job. And that could be Pulp Fiction, You know? You know, there's no message in Pulp Fiction. There's none. Just like, it's Fucking chaos. And it's amazing. The message we took away was that white guys can see the N word I guess.


Like Guy we were like, All right Tarantino, as long as you have a gun in your hand, you can do it. But the whole movie just madness. But it's amazing. It's, you can't deny how great it is. Like that's supposed to be what the best movie is. Yeah. It's not supposed to be. So I don't even know if that won Best film. Did it win best film? No. Did Pulp Fiction win Best Picture? No, but I think he won Best Director. Best. Maybe not that. That one. It should have won Best Picture. Him and Roger Avery together were fucking Who Fuck won Best Picture Gangsters. That was a really good year. Oh that's right. We actually talked about that on the podcast. It Was actually Unforgiven that year. But I'm gonna make sure Unforn Forgiven was a fucking great Movie. Fucking great movie.


God, that was Clin Eastwood going back and cleaning up all's old westerns. That's what that movie was. I was like, let me show you what it was probably really like. Yeah. What was really like not not this, you know, fucking you. Everybody's looking at you sideways. Wha Wha wha No the the reality was that character that he played that old assassin. What Year do you think movies stopped being great movies and started being like, what year did we switch? I think people are still making great movies But they're not winning Oscars. Well, I think, who cares? I really do. I think the Once Will Smith slapped Chris Rock, the Oscars to me were like, what?


You know, I'm done, I'm done. Like you guys. And then they all applauded him and gave him a standing ovation afterwards when he won an Oscar. Like, I'm done. Forrest Fuck Airs. Gumps Gump. Forrest Gump was a banger. Look, Look at the every Hang on I saw movie on there. Shank Redemption. Oh my god. Every movie on there. Quiz Show. Quiz show was great. I Never saw Four Weddings in a funeral. I thought it was great though, Dude. It made you want to date a fucking British chick. Wow. I made you want to have a rich friend live in a castle, get drunk. Damn. Watch a friend die and fucking okay, Look at all these. But that makes sense that that was best film. But what a amazing year. Shawshank Pulp Fiction quiz Quiz show was fucking great.


Yeah, by the way that was a, that was a real thing. Yeah. Yeah. They really fucking rigged a quiz show. That's why there's like, there's all sorts of rules if you're running a game show. 'cause I was on a game show Fear Factor. It was my best way to get people away from me. If they asked me how do we get on Fear Factor? I go, if you want to get on, you can't even talk to me. 'cause if you talk to me then I'll have previously known you then it could be seen that I helped you get on the show. So I can't talk to you. That's great. It's a great workaround. It was great. And it was true. Yeah. Sorry to have they had someone, did they have someone like really judging the hou the like horse sperm going like, we gotta judging it like, like a, like a, an official officiating it because it was prize money, meaning like the quiz, quiz show was all about them breaking the rules.


Right. And you had to have someone, a standards and practice guy on your team making sure the game was fair for everyone. Correct. Yeah. I I think there was something like that. I think I, I guess the network just did that. I think we kind of ran the idea or they ran the ideas by the network and the network decided, you know, whether or not this was fair or what, what have you. But everything was always fair. Like that show was, you know, nobody got knowledge of the stunt before they got there. We blindfolded everybody. They were traveling around in advance. They would be blindfolds sometimes they'd cover their ears so they couldn't even hear and then they would take their blindfolds off and then right there and then they would find out what they had to do. So right there and then they find out they gotta get covered in snakes or something like that.


And we knew that someone had a fierce snakes. 'cause you fill out a form And you know, if you got a fierce snakes, guess what? You might wind up on the snake episode. You know, it was a fucking crazy show. But You know, it was all fair. But that quiz show they, you know, they figured it out like the mob figured out the fucking lottery. You know, Whitey Bulger won the lottery twice. Did he really? Yeah. You know how bold you have to be to be a gangster in South Boston and not just win the lottery once but win the lottery twice. Like see if You can find that. How does, wait, how, how do you rig the numbers that big? That's Crazy. I just get away with it.


You can, You can kind of get away with stuff before the internet. Before the internet. You can get away with things like that. Yeah. Where You can kind of rig the lottery a couple times and everybody's like white Do he won again? What the fuck? Oh that's great. When I was a kid and I was living in Boston, I used to teach one of his hitmen, I taught one of his hit men TaeKwonDo. How what? What's it like teaching a hitman? Do they It was weird. Are they good students? Yeah, He was very, very disciplined. Yeah. He was like a known, he was a known guy in the the South Boston Irish mob and he wanted to learn how to fight lottery winner had been one of Bulger's brilliant schemes to launder his drug extortion loan sharking money back in the summer.


Which makes sense, right? What better way to, why do I, why do you have a Cadillac? Well I won the fucking lottery. Yeah. Oh, we're clear. So you can have all your shit. So Bowl millions lottery ticket had been purchased at the South Boston Liquor Mart by Michael Linsky, who was the brother of a Bulger underling named Patrick Linsky. The FBI learned that once Whitey heard about the jackpot, he ordered the real winner to sign the ticket over with Whitey and two associates paying $2.3 million in cash for 50% of the winnings. Bulger himself paid L Linsky 700,000. All the Linsky lost money in the deal. He really had no choice. He came down to selling the ticket or risking his life.


Kevin Weeks, whose name also appeared in the winning lottery. The winning ticket later claimed that Linsky purchased a large batch of tickets to hand out his Christmas gifts and promised to split any winnings with Bulger in weeks. But week story makes little sense. The so-called Christmas gifts were purchased during the dog days of summer. So they did it, the scams set up a 20 year legitimate income stream for Whitey, where he earned $119,000 each year. Oh wow. Yeah. That's brilliant. Yeah. So that's what he did. He found out that somebody won it. He's totally tuned into the neighborhood. Find that guy, fuck him over, take his ticket. Look I won the lottery And you have no choice. It's just like you have no choice.


It's like when the guy hit Gotti's grandson with the car. Right? Yeah. You're dead. Yeah. You gotta die now. Yeah, You're dead. Yeah. You, if you lived in that that time, like in the 1980s when I used to teach this guy TaeKwonDo, like you would always hear about hits. I knew a guy who got arrested. I don't know if he did it. He was the guy that I was friends with. His name was Richie. I was friends with him before he went to jail. And then I was kind of friends with him when he got outta jail before I realized that he was like very dangerous. Now he was a completely different person. So he went away to jail. He was a little older than me.


I was 18, so he was probably 20 or 21. And he went to jail on some, some kind of gun charge or drug charge. So he comes out of jail a few years later and he's an animal, I mean an animal. He's way bigger. He's, he's put on like 30 pounds of muscle and he's seen way too much. He was telling me stories about fights that he used to get into in the jail where he'd beat some guy half to death with a broom handle. And that you had, you're fighting for your life in there. It's like every day you're fighting for. And he knew how to fight. He was, you know, I trained with him. That's where I knew him. I knew him from TaeKwonDo and he was just telling me about fights.


And he would get in jail. He's like, you have to fight. There's nothing you can do. It's constant. You're, you're constantly on edge. I'm like, fuck man. And so I'd known this guy before jail than I known him after jail. And he was just way more dangerous after jail. He was doing a lot of coke. He would train and when you would train with him, it was a fight. I mean it was a fight. It wasn't, you were fighting for your life. You know. I broke his whole face once I hit him with a wheel kick in that. 'cause we were fighting man. I mean we were fighting. We were, and there was no one there by the way. It was my gym. So it was just me and him like literally fighting. He would just attack you. Like it wasn't like a technical sparring thing.


And back then I felt like I was a pussy if I didn't spar with anybody who wanted spar. Like you wanna spar? Okay, let's spar. So you s sparred with everybody and some people you s sparred with some people they, you were like, let's just not hurt each other. Yeah. And then other people you knew you were fighting you, you were Jesus A bomb guys get knocked out All the time. I saw dozens of guys get knocked out in the gym All the time. I did a lot of it. It was scary. It was scary. You would be super nervous before class. You'd be super, You'd have that. And you're doing class every day. That's happening every day. All the time. I would be all, All the time. I have anxiety. I have anxiety getting on planes. You're Sparring three or four days a week.


Yeah. You're sparring three or four days a week. If you're smart, you have to, you have to stay sharp, you have to broke This guy's face, Broke his face and he, he wanted to keep training. He was still coming after me. I was like, dude, you gotta look in the mirror. Look in the mirror. And his whole face had shifted. I go shifted. I hit him with a wheel kick in the cheek. He went out, his eyes rolled back in his head, he collapses down to his butt. And then he tried to get back up slowly he gets back up and he is like, I'm good, I'm good, I'm good. And then like 30 seconds later he wants to keep sparring. And I'm like, you gotta stop. But he was just a monster. Like a savage. Like a savage person. He was, he was a kid when I knew him. Like a normal kid.


Like What's up Richie? And then three or four years later, whatever it was when he got out, he was a monster. So Was there any hint of the old Richie where you could go, Hey man, what's going on? No, he was just gone. No, he was gone. The old, well I didn't know the old Richie that well now I'm thinking timeline. So this was pre me doing standup. So I probably met him first when I was like 16. And then I met him again when I was 21. It was somewhere around that 2021. 'cause that's when I stopped fighting. And it was like right around the same time where I knew Richie with our stop fighting. So he got arrested. There was a guy who was murdered and they broke every bone in his body with a hammer.


And they kept injecting him with cocaine to keep him alive. Yeah. Holy fuck. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They, they, they identified the body. I forget how they identified the body, but I'm pretty sure they chopped his hands and his head off and they found this guy and he got arrested for that. And he got away. He got off. I don't think they charged him, I don't think he actually did it, but he definitely knew people who did it. He was involved with the same kind of people. And this was like one of the guys that I worked out with. But he wasn't the hitman. The hitman was way more stoic. Really. Older. Yeah, he was older. He was in his thirties. And the, the hitman was, Would he come in with like hitman problems?


Like alright, say I'm in a Restaurant. He asked me once, how would I kill a guy? Really? He said, if you're gonna hit a guy and you were trying gonna kill him, where would you hit him? And I said, probably the neck. And he said, yeah, I think so. And that was the conversation. That was the end of the conversation. Jesus. I don't even know why I picked the neck. 'cause the neck actually could take a pretty good beating. Necks are pretty tough. Not mine. Your head is way weaker than your neck. This is really weak. Like this little spot right here, your temple. This little tiny thin little layer of bone there that protects your brain. It's not big at all. When Was the last time you got punched? Oh, it's been a long time. I haven't sparred at all since like 2007 or oh eight. Like sparring? Yeah, kickboxing. Sparring.


Yeah. It's too, even little sparring wears on you. You you carry that for your whole life. Just thuds, little thuds. Even ones that aren't that hard. Just a jab, just thud that you carry those, like those are real. Yeah. That's brain damage. Those, those little times they get dinged in the gym. That's real. That's brain damage. That's brain damage. And like I told you, like when I was a kid, we did a lot of brain damage. It was a sparring was Horrible. Just me. I've had, I've had I think eight concussions and I'm just, I'm just a kid. I, I didn't even spar. I'm just talking like basketball camp one time football. I playing football for the hurt.


Burt shit. I got knocked unconscious. Like I've probably had eight concussions, I'm guessing, you know. Oh, I've, I've had a lot. My last one was just a couple years ago skiing. Last time skiing. You Were, I talked, I just talked to you the other day when you were skiing. And I, I thought you didn't ski 'cause of your knees. Well, my knee did get, I did fracture one of the bones in the top of my tibia. Now. Which one's the Yeah. Tibia and then the fibula is the little one. Right. Fibia is in the Yeah. Shin. Right. I crack, I cracked the, the, the tibia, which that healed. But the real problem was the head. My head. I fell on my head.


I, my, my skis went up in the air and I hit the ground head first. Yeah. And It was a helmet. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. For sure. Yeah. But it was a bang. Like I got rocked and I was like, oh shit. Like that was a big one. And then the rest of the day I was like, dizzy. I wasn't, I'm like, balance was all bad. It was not good. It was not good. And then I was like, I'm done with this skiing thing. 'cause I always worried about my knees. 'cause I still, I, you know, I still love doing martial arts and if I'm not doing it, I don't feel good. Like, I like to hit the back. I like to have my joints work perfectly. I like to have my skills still there. I like to do it. It's fun to do. So anything that takes that away from me, like skiing, just for a thrill.


Like we Oh, oh. And once you get hurt, once you break, I was, we did a, a, a concrete sled competition in Calgary or in Edmonton. Concrete Sled. Concrete sled. It's an engineering team and they have to figure out a way to build a concrete sled that makes it down a mountain with All the team members on it and stops within the right area. Oh my God. And dude, people get fucked up. I mean, fucked up and Concrete sled must be so heavy. I, you can find a picture of it. Type in University of Edmonton, concrete sled. I, I think it's, that's what it's called. And right before, right before, I mean, This is why people keep themselves occupied when they're so fucking bored.


'cause it's 38 degrees below zero outside. Yeah. Yeah. And dude, that's the coldest I've ever been. My fingers, bro. Everything's rough. Yeah. You See those concrete sled? There's one there where the guys get fucked up so bad. I don't wanna see it. It's so stupid. But the, the guy, the team that went right, right before me, they flipped, flipped rag dolled yard sailed everywhere. If These people tried bow hunting, they would quit this. They'd quit all this. They wouldn't be doing any of this. This is ridiculous. You could fucking die. Oh, a guy before me broke his femur. Ow. And I remember the guy, the kid, little stoner with the walkie that tells us, all right, you guys are next. He goes, what's that broken femur? And he looks at me, he goes, broken femur is a game changer. And I was like, I gotta go next.


Like, what the fuck? Like, that was terrifying. But yeah, Jesus. I don't, I that, I think about that sometimes because just having my elbow surgery, I gained so much weight from just having one arm. 'cause I couldn't do, I couldn't get on the treadmill. I couldn't do anything that I go, any injury is like, I don't want any injury. Yeah. And injuries are not good. And this is coming from a person who's had a bunch of surgeries out of a bu I've had three knee surgeries, had my nose operated on. Oh, let me tell you my game changer. Mouth tape. You were talking about this Game changer. Game changer. I know people say this and I know it's like one of those fucking fitness influencer things where people are selling something.


I got no skin in the game. Okay. I'm not selling nothing. I don't have anything for sale. I use a company called Hostage Tape. I'm sure there's other ones that are great, but the hostage tape makes me laugh. It's, you take this tape and you put it over your mouth when you sleep. Now I have sleep apnea. So I wear a mouthpiece and my mouthpiece has a tongue depressor. So the mouthpiece is fitted to my lower, my lower jaw. And the tongue depressor keeps my tongue from falling back on my throat. So I, I don't block my airway. 'cause I have a big tongue. Yeah. And I have a fat neck. So it's like the air hole. It gets clogged up by the tongue. So the tongue depressor works. And then I put the tape over my mouth. So I'm not using my mouth at all.


Thank God I got my nose fixed in like 15 years ago or something like that. Best decision I ever made in my life. Best decision I've ever made. Really? One of the best, You know. Is that the one where you had to like pull shit outta your nose? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. They, yeah, it was, I was on the road with Tommy and I would show him the boogers and he would like, like almost vomit because the boogers were insane. So once you get your nose operated on, yeah. Like, I had probably 12 nose breaks, maybe more by the time I got my nose operated on. Holy shit. So the inside of it was all calcified, like All the inside just like cauliflower ear.


That was the inside of my nose. Like it was all just clogged. I, I spoke like my nose was stuffed. This was how my voice was. Wait, Hold on. Is this because I hear, I, I listened to a version of your voice when you were younger. Yeah. And it sounds totally different. It's almost sounds Like what's also getting older, your voice definitely deeper. So that's me with the Wait, that's you. Yeah. When I got the nose plugs. So that's after the operation, so Oh my god. That's it. Right? How big your nose is. Well, it's all swollen Right there. I know. Anyway, so you, if you have a deviated septum, I can't recommend it enough. It's such a huge thing to do. It opens up your nose and you get like 10% more cardio.


My juujitsu changed totally. Like my, my gas and juujitsu was way better. I was like, this is crazy. Why didn't I do this a long time ago? From breathing through your nose and not your mouth? No. 'cause you breathe through both. Oh. So you have more airs coming in. This is how you tell if you have a deviated septum, put a mirror underneath or put, take your phone and do a video and then breathe through your nose. And if it closes like my mine shuts. Yeah. And that's, they showed that to me. Yeah. You have a deviated cept For for sure. I have a good dude. You know what happens to me when I sleep? Yeah. My fucking gole swells Up. Yeah. You were telling me it's The fucking worst. Yeah. We were trying to decide what, where the tonsils were. And you were explaining the tonsils are actually on the side and your wife was calling it a gole. She See the redneck.


She's this little, she was this gole guy swallow up Little thing, whatever the word is, the technical Word. It's a uvula. It's, it's uveitis. So I put the mouthpiece in and then I Tape up my mouth. I I get no uvitis if I had mouth tape in. Yeah. So this is the thing. I don't snore at all anymore. Zero snoring. Like I'm silent when I sleep. No, no sleep mask apnea. No, no, no, no. I don't, don't have anything. I don't believe in this. No. But I woke up the first day I did it. I was like, holy shit, I feel so much better. Like instantaneously noticed a difference. Like I was like 30% more rested, something like that. Like, I just like a significant number where I could like feel it. I was like, whoa. And I've been doing it that way for like a week now.


So if I put, if I put those nose strips on, because I can breathe through my nose if I have a, you Should get your nose operated on No fucking way. Yeah. Dude. I have a hernia. I'm not Big deal. Gonna get done. It's big deal. You should get that done too. No. Yeah, you should. That's the worst. Your, Your guts are gonna poke outta your stomach. That's what it is. They Already do. Ju That's Gross. No, man. Your guts Guts not fat. No, No. They do. Joe, do they poke out right now? Yeah. Oh, lemme see. No. Show me If I go, Can you make it poke out? No, but if I go like, where you can kind of see this. Where's the hernia? It's called, it's like a fin. Oh, it's, oh, it's bad if I do a sit up. Like I'll show you for real. And you'll, you'll see it. Okay. I'm watching Bert do a sit up. Ladies and gentlemen. Do you see this?


Oh, that's scary dude. I know that. So that's a rip in the center of your stomach. I remember when it happened, happened. Oh dude. How long ago? Probably 12 years ago. Oh my God. Man. I was doing a Tough Mudder and oh God. I had to pull myself up one of those half pipes. And so I ran and I grabbed it and I pulled and I pulled and I felt a tear. And I was like, whoa, this is just, and I was like, God, man, that fucking hurt. What, what happened? And I was like, eh, I'm fine. And then like two, I wanna say like two weeks later I'm laying in bed with my wife and I kind of lean up and I see it and I go, oh fuck, what's this? And then, and then a bunch of dads get it.


Like some dudes get it when they just gain a lot of weight. That's another way to get it. But like, I've never been that fat. But Tommy, I think, I think Tommy might have had one. Mm. Or Eddie Bravo had two. Yeah, he's, he had one on All Sides elective. Oh. He had to get it. Eddie had to get it fixed. My problem is, I, I'd get it fixed, but then I'm afraid of the aftermath of the surgery, of 13 weeks of recovery of me not working out. I'm gonna go fucking haywire. You Don't have to go haywire. That's nonsense. You should get it fixed. You should get it fixed and get your nose fixed too. Just, I just get it fixed. I just fight the bullet. Why don't, don't live with a compromised body. Like they know how to fix those things. You should get it fixed. Yeah. Like the nose things giant. Breathe outta your nose, you change your fucking life.


I couldn't do yoga class. They would, the instructor, he would get mad at me. He'd like, you have to breathe outta your nose. I'm like, I don't have a nose. It doesn't work. Like it doesn't work. My, my nose. I had like one quarter of one nostril. That was the only thing that was open for Oh, for real. Yeah. My right side was Completely close. So it wasn't just deviated, it was just, Well, what happened? Luke Rockhold, former UFC champion had a post that he did about his nose recently where they were like going through his nose with one of those cameras. Yeah. And so you could see like what's in there. It's the same thing. It says his is completely clogged up. Like you hear Justin gci talk, his nose is totally clogged up. Like there's a lot of the, and Justin actually got his nose fixed and then he fought Max Holloway.


And I think that might have put it back again. Oh my God. Yeah. How long, what's the nose surgery? What's the I was doing juujitsu six weeks later. Okay. You're Joe. I'm Burt. Yeah, but I mean, six weeks later I was fine. I didn't take any pain pills. No, I wasn't, I mean, I was fine to roll. Yeah. But I was fine. Fine. The next day. Yeah. I had to have those stupid fucking things in my nose for a while. I forget how long that lasted. But then when they pulled those out, I was good to go. But the doctor, I remember this, the doctor gave me two pain pill prescriptions. He was insistent on giving me these pain pill prescriptions. And I was like, okay. I go, but it doesn't hurt now, so is it gonna hurt more later?


And he's like, it might, I go, but it might not. Right. Like he goes, but you should have these, like, he wanted to write me these pain pill prescriptions. I was like, this is kind of creeping me out, man. Yeah. Because I had already known a bunch of people that had pill problems back then, but it was just weird that he wanted to write me two of 'em. And I told him, I go, listen, I just had knee surgery a couple months ago. And I go, and I didn't, it wasn't even a couple years ago, rather. And I didn't take any pain medication. I go, I don't like it. I just did it. I just had the surgery and then just dealt with the pain. I'd rather deal with the pain than that feeling. I don't like that feeling. You know, I, I got ACL surgery like way back in the day and they gave me like vicodins or one of those type of things.


Percocets or Vicodins, I forget what it was, but I remember feeling so stupid. I was like, well, this is not for me. Like whatever this is, I'd rather be in pain than have my fucking brain just filled with like cotton. It just felt like it was just like clogged up. Like I couldn't, it wouldn't work, right. Like, blah. It was terrible Tommy. And I liked that. But my doctor, he just wanted me to take these Pills. I think it's that. I, you know, you talk, you were talking to me about statins for a while and you were saying that, I don't know, you were saying, or whatever I read was that it, the, these companies are getting, these doctors are getting paid out to, to get people on statins. The the companies are saying, You know, get people on statins, we'll pay you out.


You know, and I think doctors Get a variety of rewards. I'm finding out they get a variety of rewards dependent upon how many people in their practice get vaccinated. And if they lose a certain percentage, if they like have less than a certain percentage, then they don't get payouts. It's, there's some weird shit that's involved in medicine that's financial incentives that don't necessarily align up with, you know, your best health. And I think that doctors profit off of providing people with pain pills, especially when you have a legitimate reason to want to take pain pills. But I really don't think you should take 'em. At least I don't take, I just don't.


I think if you have something horrible wrong with you and you're in agony all day, I totally understand. But for a regular thing, like, you hurt your back a little bit. You're so now you're on Oxycontin. Like, That's what happened to me. You know, I got pretty much addicted to them because I fell off that waterfall. Did They fucking get everybody, bro? Did they get you? They Get everybody. It's, it's, I I can tell you the moment it happened was we had to go to dinner with my wife's friends and I didn't want to go and we weren't drinking. And I remember thinking, I wonder if I double up on my pain pills that'll get me through tonight. Whoa. And I did. And man, it was an enjoyable fucking night. And I smoked a little weed and I was fucking perfect. Yep. And the next morning I woke up and Leanne found out we were going camping that weekend.


And I reached over to get my pills because the first thing I did in bed, grab a pill, pop a pill, lay there for a while, whenever my pills were gone. And Leanne was at the foot of the bed, she goes, you're done, big boy. And I was like, whoa. I go, hold on, this is like negotiating, like junkie negotiating. I go, hold on baby, we're going camping. Like we're gonna be, we're gonna be sleeping on the hard ground. She goes, Nope. She goes, go get as much weed as you want. Drink as much as you want. Get through the pain that way. These things are fucking poison. They're scary. They're scary because you don't even realize what you look like to other people. We went, we went to Hawaii with a family one time and, and we went to the luau. I wasn't, I wasn't drinking Hawaii that trip for whatever reason. And I, but I was bummed at the luau.


'cause I was like, everyone's getting like, you know, these ma hai and I'm drinking water. And I was, and I looked and this mom was clearly on oxy's. And you watched her nod out at the table. Whoa. And there's man, when you see something like that and you're not drinking, you're like, thank God I'm not fucking drinking. I remember watching her nod out and her, her whole family sees it. And you're like, and she's like, What dude is, what percentage of this country is hooked on Oxys right now? It's gotta be a, like a scary percentage. I bet. It's What do you think is more oxys or Xanax? Xanax is like, Xanax is totally plausible. Take a Xanax, you're gonna be fine. My, my cardiologist, Dr.


Caan, shout out to Dr. GaN, he's a big fan of yours. But he told me, he said, I said something about Xanax and he goes, Hey man, I'm your doctor. Don't ever fucking take those things. I was like, really? He goes, this is the leading cause of dementia. Do not take fucking Xanax. Xanax Is the leading cause. Cause So he told me, he said, he was like, by the way, I apologize, Dr. Ganan give you a shout out. And he's like, that's not my exact words, Bert. God dammit. Yeah. You might have fucked that up. We might wanna delete that. No, he said, he said, your brain, it turns your brain to mush. Well, it's definitely not good for your brain. And it's one, one of the most dangerous drugs to get off. Oh, they won't, they won't admit you to rehab if you, if you're on benzos, right? Like I, we took a friend to rehab one time, and if one question they ask, have you taken a benzo in the last 24 hours?


And he was like, yeah. And they're like, Nope. Can't take you. They don't wanna deal with it. There's, it is so dangerous to get off benzos. Yeah. It's one of the, there's only a few things that people die if they get addicted to. And then they, you cut 'em off. One of 'em is alcohol, You know? Really? Yeah. Yeah. If you like, I think You have to drink. You have to drink like when you wake up. Oh yeah. You, you have to be a complete drunk. And somehow or another your body shifts into surviving drinking alcohol All the time. You're killing yourself for sure. But your body relies on it. I forget what the mechanism is, but there's an actual mechanism that like, there's some sort of a shift when your body's got so much alcohol and then when you get off alcohol entirely, You can die. Oh, you have a stroke.


I don't know what the cause of death is, but I know that benzos is another drug that does that when you get off of it, that You can, you can die. Like, it's one of those things that if you just cold Turkey benzos, if you're, if you're popping Xanax all day long and you're like, I'm done. Like you can die. It's crazy. What, how, how clean life is when you're not partying. Oh Yeah. Like you haven't drank in two weeks. It's like amazing how the sky looks different. The trees look different. Well, You have more energy. So much. The gym is night and day different. Oh yeah. Like I work out every day regardless. Ran five miles today, drank last night on the plane five miles today. And now I feel clean. But then I go, if I don't drink tonight, I doubt I probably will know what we talking about, who we lying to, Joe.


But if I, but like the next day I feel like a million bucks, you get me in the gym and I want to be on the treadmill and I'm gonna get excited for fucking those, those sissy squats You do? Yeah. I love those bitches. I got the b the the board. Oh yes. Get a fucking slant board. Squats, Sl board squats. Get a 45 fucking weight in my arms. Yeah. Do 15 of those bitches. Those are great. And You feel it and you're like that last one you went to, my favorite squat to do is what's the one where you, you, you lean back and you squat when you're tilted back, Squat, lean back. It's called bad form. Like, No, no, no, no, no, no, No. It's called back injury waiting to happen. Lean back and squat. That sounds crazy. Like A landmine squat or something where you have the, the pole, you have the Oh, okay.


Yeah. Landmine. Yeah. And, and you and you get deep into that bitch. Oh yeah. Yeah. Those are great. Those are great for like rotational force too. Whoa. Oh yeah. Oh, You know Viking shit. You know what I'm saying? I'm always impressed when a man can program his own workout. Oh really? I can't. Yeah, because I can't pro like if you PI Think you don't do your own Workouts. No, I have a guy pro pro programming for me. Okay. So he Comes to my house and trains me every day. Really? So, Yeah. Wow. Yeah. So you don't work out on your own at all? If I work out on my own, I run. Okay. So you must like that Right. Where you get alone time. You must like that. I Love, I love getting on the treadmill by myself and just fucking going. Yeah.


Alone time's big. So that's what I like the most about, like, work out by myself. Like I can figure out what to do. I know what to do. Yeah. So I just program my own shit. Yeah. I think that's impressive. I tell you what the, there's So much shit to do The game changer for me and working out. And I think that, you know, I I I never understood like guys like Cam or David Goggins and, and then they pushed themselves so hard and when we did that bench press competition, I realized most of the time when everyone works, that regular person works out, they just wanna get through it and be done with it. Right. They're like, I know I cheated a little bit, but fuck it, I was 12. Yeah. But when you're training for something, and this must be like this with mixed martial artists and with, with all those motherfuckers, you're, you're training your body for an actual event Right.


To protect yourself from other men. Yeah. And I was like, and when I had a goal in mind, I was like, oh, this is different. Like, I'm doing everything he's telling me to do and I'm doing it the right way and I'm doing it to, to like failure because I'm trained. If I know that if I do that, then when I get to the day where I do the bench, I can then complete the mission I'm set out to do. Right. And That's, You got a goal, I think more goal oriented workout. Like if they said like, dude, just so you know, a wolf's coming to your house in two weeks. Right. You know, we need to work out. Get ready for that wolf. Right. You'd work out so hard, right. For that fucking wolf. Yeah. I'd be like, fuck Yeah Dude. I tell you about my friend in Colorado, they, they let wolves loose near his land.


No. Yeah, they just let wolves loose in Colorado. They let a bunch loose in one part of the state and then they let a bunch more loose. He said it was five. I don't know if that's accurate, but that's what he was told. And for What purpose? Just they decided to repopulate the state with wolves. And they're getting wolves from like British Columbia. He's a big ass fucking Canadian. Wolves are coming in fucking the elk up. And this is outside of Aspen. So these are like all these really wealthy people. Holy shit. And they let wolves loose on their property. And by the way, there's livestock there. These people have cattle. They have, they have all sorts of, so, so far the wolves and his area have an attack cattle because there's an abundance of elk up there.


It's a very, it's a big elk corridor where the elk migrate. And I took a picture and posted it up on Instagram of a elk leg that he found just like within two weeks of them being released, they had already started killing elk on, on his property. So a wolf took out an elk and left the leg, left the leg bone just laying in the snow. Wait, How many wolves did they let go? Five he thinks is what he told me. But don't wol, did they release him as a pack? I don't know if they will pack up. I don't know if they knew each other before. I don't know what the fucking neighborhood did They grow Up together. They took from, yeah.


So that's what we found. Oh shit. So that's an elk leg that's just been stripped down the lower leg, no meat on it, just the hoof and some, some fur and shit's laying in a bunch of, just a bunch of disturbed areas. It was all fucked up. But you could tell some shit went down. God. So we found that piece there. They, they had dragged that from somewhere else, but there was a carcass up there too. So they, they basically, You know, can kill, they, they could probably kill one or two elk a day and they probably will do that now. And so the elk population will rapidly diminish the elk.


Have no idea. They've never evolved around wolves. These elks, they're, these elk are in like, who knows how many generations with no wolves. So the United States had wolves all throughout the west. And then they eradicated them because they fucking kill everything. 'cause they kill livestock, they kill horses, they pack up, they get big, they get big packs. And then the, they devastate livestock, sheep herders cattle. So they all murdered All the wolves. So now these people, these greenies, these little cutie pies decided to bring back the most intelligent telepathic apex predator that operates in packs. And you decided to let 'em loose near a ski town.


Like congratulations. Why the Fuck? Because because they're cute. Because these are people that grew up in cities and they don't understand, it's called ballot box biology. It's a bunch of people who grew up in the city. They don't know what the fuck they're doing. And they don't know what a wolf really is. They just think, wow, life's amazing. And then so you've let loose apex predators in an area where nothing is prepared for them. They don't, these animals don't know to look for wolves. They've never experienced a wolf before. They don't have a natural instinct to run away when they see the wolves. Jesus. They don't know what the fuck is going on. And then you and you can tell Got cattle, You can, you can't tell wolves what to kill either. Of Course not. Well, here's even better.


The first ones they got. So they had a mandate to get these. They, the Colorado voted, they voted it to release wolves. And so the governor had to get it done within a certain period of time. And so they got wolves from Oregon that had been killing cattle. So these wolves, they captured them because they had been killing cattle. And then they released them in Colorado where they wait for it Started Killing cattle. Oh shit. Duh. So wolves are awesome. But they were making their way into Colorado by themselves. They were already coming down from Wyoming. There's wolves in Montana, Wyoming, Idaho. And they were making their way down naturally.


But these idiots decided to accelerate the process and introduce this completely new element outside of a fucking ski town that's gonna kill people's dogs For sure. If they get to a healthy population, you're never gonna be able to let your dog go outside. Yeah, it's over. Cats dead. Everybody dead. They're like 10 times worse than coyotes. You remember coyotes just, They're giant coyotes gives Some coyotes, jump fences. Oh yeah. And you're like, there's no protecting my chickens from fucking coyotes. I saw a coyote jump a fence with one of my chickens in its mouth. Jumped a six foot high wrought iron fence like it was nothing bound. Touched the top of the fence with its feet with a chicken in its mouth and right over the top. I was like, whoa. I was so delusional. Yeah.


I thought like, oh, this fence is this big. They can't get over that dude. One jump, one jump, one jump. Feet. Feet to the top other feet to the top. Over the top with a chicken in his mouth. All my neighbors have red lights on their fences. That's the only thing that stops coyotes. They say, oh, They won't jump over a red light. I have no fucking idea. But they all have like a, it looks like a red bicycle light on every panel of their fence. They're Little monsters. What state? They're wolves too, by the way. They are coyotes are wolves. Yeah, they're small wolves. I remember, you know, it's funny, the little things you remember. I remember you talking about the coyotes honey dicking your dog one time. Oh yeah, Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I I always think that's the funniest phrase honey dicking. Yeah. They try to honey dick your dog. So they, what they do is they, one coyote, I've told this story before, but I'll say it quick.


I went to this pet store that I used to go to and one of the guys that worked in the pet store, yeah. He was a veterinarian. And he brought in someone had brought in this pit bull that was covered in cuts. Like his whole body was like hundreds of stitches. And he is like, what happened? He goes like, I don't know. He got out. And then, you know, when, when I came home, he was outside the fence and this is what he looked like. So this guy, they stitched the dog up and then he follows a blood trail into the woods outside of his house where he finds nine dead coyotes. Oh shit. So they, they honey dicked a, you know, a giant pit bull, like one of them super jacked muscular pit bulls with a fucking fire hydrant head, the Kind that are on the front of rap albums.


Terrifying pit bull. And this pit bull just killed everyone. They, they fucked with the john wick of pit bulls and he just, God, he just killed them all. Killed All the coyotes. They were all just, he said it looked like Vietnam. He said they were just torn apart. 'cause once the dog killed them, he's not gonna stop. He's gonna start shaking him. Yeah. You know, picking especially a pit bull like that, that's in a blood rage that just killed fight for its life. Oh. Like he was probably so happy. Like, so happy to do this. 'cause pit bulls just wanna fight All the Time. I've been wanting to do this every Fucking day. He was, I wake up, he was pumped. It was the guy as a jiujitsu black belt and a drunk grab. And I was like, Thank you, Thank you.


I've been practicing for this my whole life. But you imagine the scene, you imagine the scene. Just walk a scene. Just dead coyotes just ripped apart, just throats torn open guts hanging out, legs broken. 'cause this dog, if a dog like that bites a a coyote's leg, that leg iss broken. That's a shattered leg. That leg doesn't work anymore. The poundage, that pit bulls bite is fucking wild Prop. You know what a wolf is? It's like five times stronger. Are You shitting me? Yeah. That's how, that's how crazy these retards are. That let loose these apex telepathic super predators into a ski town filled with super rich people.


And the super rich people right now, they're finding out about this. They're freaking the fuck out. I bet they are. Oh Yeah. All my, my buddy who lives out there, all his neighbors, they're all trying to figure out what they can do. You know, they're all collared too. So there's an app and you can get on the app and find out where the monsters are. Yeah. You wanna get Scared? Yeah. I wanna get, I gotta get that app. I gotta get that app. How about you're walking, how about you're walking and then you get an alert. You see the fucking app is showing you they're behind you shut the all, all five of 'em behind you and you're with your family. But maybe you voted on that because you think wolves are amazing. That's little Red Riding hood, bro. That's, You can track These wolves on an app.


Three pick. You can Track 'em on an app. That's kind of cool. That's kind of cool to know where the monsters are. But they, they Do that with sharks. Great white sharks. But these people in the neighborhood are all tracking these wolves. So they're all freaking out because these wolves are like circling their homes, circling their property. Fuck wolves. Some of 'em have gone right through fields with cattle and not done anything about it. Yeah. They don't even understand why they haven't attacked any cattle yet. But these are ones that are outside of Aspen. So the ones that they brought in from Oregon, that's not outside of Aspen, that's a different spot. Those are the ones that were, they were depredation tags. They were, they were already killing wildlife or they were killing cattle. What state do you think has the most predators?


Like Australia has the most predators in the world. In the country. In the, in our country? Yeah. I would say Alaska for sure. Florida. Oh yeah. That's a good call. Florida's fucking, no, Florida for sure. Florida now. Cause you brought in reptiles. Yeah, a hundred percent. Florida has more pythons in it in the Everglades than All the rest of the world. Yeah. Do you see those kids that go in? You see those kids that dive in and grab 'em? Yeah. I had Python, Python cowboy on the show. He brought me up. Don't we have a Python head laying around here somewhere? Something. Oh, look at that. Look at that. Yeah. Apex ter Florida is jacked. No one even comes close to Florida. No one's even close. Wait, oh wait, Wait, wait, wait, wait. What's Maine? Maine.


What Does Maine, It's not Maine. What is it? New Hampshire. Not Vermont. Vermont. What is that? This One, right, that's got, Right. Okay. So the the one with the boot. Well this is not good guys. The, the boot is Massachusetts, right? Or no, that's New York. Yeah. Hold on. We're so stupid. You know who could draw the whole map by, by hand? Al Franken. Vermont's. Vermont. Vermont. Okay. Yeah. It's Massachusetts, The one were in Vermont with the hook. Okay, so Vermont predators. Yeah. What predators are in Vermont? That must be like wolverines and shit. Oh, red and gray. Foxes, coyotes, black Bears, fishers bobcats and red and gray foxes with wolves.


And links also present. Although the later or rare ladder. Good god. Interesting. I remember I, I black Bears, I said the other day on Instagram I was, I had my hose all wrapped up and I was like, I don't know if this is from, because I'm from Florida, but I never put my hand into a hose bucket without kicking it. A couple times When you say I got my hose all wrapped up, I thought, yeah, you ladies making money. My hose doesn't make any money. My Wrapped up. They're making that money. I got my hose wrapped up. Yeah. Do you, have you ever had rattlesnake on your property out here? Yes. You have? Yeah. Out here. We've had one, one of my neighbors had a couple coral snakes in her garage.


Those are scary. Coral Snakes are the ones that look like Red and black. But it's beautiful. Black and yellow killer. Fellow red. And What Is that? Red, white and blue? I America. He's cool. I don't know what the, the but my old house in California, there was a bunch of 'em. Your Old house was in the, in the wilderness. Yeah, I was, I was in a place where there was a Lot of wildlife. Red touches, yellow kill a fellow. Red touches black venom lack. What Does That mean? There's no venom. Oh. To help identify venomous coral snakes. Oh, I see. Because I think we had, so some coral snakes are not venomous. No, It's a, it's a, oh Yeah, that's what it looked like. It's No, it's a king snake. A scarlet king snake is harmless.


Coral snakes are deadly. Okay. So And so we had both in Florida. I think. So you never got near either of them. But that, go back to that image. Jamie. The one on the top red touch is yellow. Kill a fellow. That's it. So that's the one that'll kill it. Red touch is black, scarlet king snake, harmless. Interesting. I'm not gonna roll the dice on that. I would not remember this. I would fuck that up. I'd be like, that looks like it'll fucking for sure kill you. Red touches black. Step back What? Yellow? Yellow black And yellow red touches yellow killer fellow. That's the one. That's all you have to remember. Red touches yellow killer Fellows. Black and yellow. Black and yellow. That's red touches yellow. Fuck that creature. So my friend, she had two of them in her, in her garage.


Yeah. Not good. Not good. But my old house, my remember Do you remember, did you ever meet Frank? You never met Frank, your pre I used to have this pit bull named Frank Sinatra. And Frank would, I only knew Johnny Frank Killed everything. Everything that got in that yard was dead. Really? Yeah. He was a psycho. And he would kill rattlesnakes All the time. So he'd get bit All the time. So fucking, I Was like, wait, how did he not get bit? He got bit Every time. So I'd have, I have to keep bringing him to the fucking vet. I brought him to the vet like at least three times. And one time I had to bring him twice because he got to the, he had been stumped. He had been bit by rattlesnakes so many times that he had developed some sort of an immunity.


So I brought him the first time and we're all, we were at the vet, he was super friendly. He was the sweetest dog. Loved everybody. But like vicious with snakes and lizards. Yeah. Lizards are like his video game. He would like jump on the walls to try to get the lizards that were crawl, crawling the walls. He would leap, fucking leap into the air, try to get these lizards. So I brought him to the vet and the vet's like, I don't see a puncture mark. And he's not swelling. So I wouldn't worry about it. And I'm like, wow, how the fuck did you kill that snake and not get bit? And then I brought him back to the house and then his fucking face, his face immediately swell back up again. So then I had to bring him back to the vet. And the vet's, like, he's been stung. He's been bit so many times that he probably has some sort of a, an immunity.


Jesus. Yeah. It's a coral snake too. That doesn't go by the Rhyme. Oh, that is so beautiful. That is one of the most venomous snakes in the world. God, I would assume that would fuck you up. It kills king cobras. Apparently it kills king co lookout. That's a Malaysian That is beautiful. It is blue coral somewhere. There's some idiot in Florida in the death metal band that wants this. And he's gonna have it in his house until he can't feed it anymore. It's like little fella gotta let you go. And he's gonna let it loose and it's gonna go in the fucking Everglades. And then you're gonna have a half a million of them there. The, You know, slash had poisonous snakes in his house. Of course he did look at him. And then there and then there was an earthquake. Oh great. I read that. I think I read that in one of their books or I talked to slash once about it. They got out and I think they got out and they had to send someone in the house to, I can't remember exactly, but he, there was an earthquake and he had like a cobra.


Oh God. Yeah. There's, I, I don't understand. I mean, I understand wanting to have a snake but poisonous snakes. I can't wrap my head around. No, No. You can never touch it. You can never play with it. Fuck all snakes. How about that? Fuck, how About all that? I went through Throughs. The reason why we wear clothes, a snake tricked eve into eating that fucking apple. And now we're ruined. All right. Now we have to have Jesus come save us snakes. You definitely look like you would've gone through a lizard phase though. No. Well I, listen, I had one idea that was the dumbest idea. The guy On cops, a snake guy. What is going on? The cop doesn't, he's got snakes. He the fuck I Was, oh, This is the wrong cop to pull a Snake out with.


Hey. Yeah, you're right. I'll stand right here. No, now wait a minute. You don't understand how many there are. Dude, you see all them snakes right there? Yeah. You see them snakes right there? Yeah. They my babies. I care more about them snakes than I do a human life just like that man. Okay. Them snakes me more. Look At you. It's already out the door. He is like, huh. Sure thing buddy. So I had this one idea. Once I had this house that was like, it had like a center courtyard and I was gonna seal off the center courtyard and get a crocodile monitor, Badass fucking monitor And, and feed it rabbits and have like a wild kingdom in the center of my house.


I love it. So I was gonna set up trees 'cause it had like open air. So I was like, I'm gonna set up a canopy, trap it in there like a greenhouse, make it nice and warm. So it's this environment. Put trees up everywhere and then just let shit loose and watch. Yeah. Then I was like, that's so fucked up. I was like, and then I started thinking like, what's wrong with you? I was like, if I started thinking about me going, I like, I didn't like me. Like imagine taking someone, one of your friends over your house and you have a a, a murder sanctuary in the center of centerpiece of your home. Oh. The atrium of your home is just like, you watch animals just get slaughtered. They have no chance of escape. Unlike the wild. Oh, in the wild. The rabbit can get away. Dude, we used to Do that a fair fight. Our, in our fraternity, my buddy Mason had a, a big python and they'd buy rats and they'd put money on it and they'd put 'em in the corners and put the python in the center.


And they have the benches from our, our cafeteria lined up. It'd be in a square and we'd bet on which one he'd eat first. And it was crazy. Rats would go right up to the snake's face and touch the snake's face. Snake, snake wouldn't even fucking touch it. And then all of a sudden just, you'd see 'em coil up. Yeah. They just make their move Outta a Savannah monitor. I had a, I had a iguana Savannah monitor ain't mice. And then the monitor, the iguana, just nothing. They just, That's that those, those rats that they fed, that snake or those mice, they fed that snake. Those things are just red bred in captivity. They have no fear.


They don't know, they don't know what's gonna hurt 'em and what's not gonna hurt 'em. Nothing hurt die. Yeah. Nothing's ever hurt them. Everything's just fed them. Yeah. And then all of a sudden serpent, My dog caught a squirrel. My dog, I have two bull mastiffs mac. The big one has been, I mean his, he's wanted to catch a squirrel the same way I've wanted to have anal sex with my wife. Like he wants it every fucking day. And then he caught a squirrel. And I think it'll be the same as if I had anal sex with my wife. It was way messier than he thought. He thought it was gonna be a fun game and he broke it in half and was throwing it and then it wasn't moving. And he'd move it. And I was like, oh buddy, you should have never got what you wanted. He was like, this isn't fun anymore. I looked at him, he is just like, ah, what the fuck?


I guess I'll eat grass now. Yeah. Clean his mouth out. Ugh. Squirrel guts. My, my tubal mastiffs caught the, what's the possum? Oh yeah. Who was killing our chickens? Possums Killed chickens. Possum killed our chickens. No shit. Three chickens. Like I'm almost saying like back to back to back. Oh, Of Course they do. They look like predators. Yeah. I mean they have a predator mouth. And my two bull mastiffs caught a possum and they tortured this thing. I'm talking Al-Qaeda beheading video. Oh. In our while we were out to dinner and we got home and furniture was moved around and this fucking possum was soaking wet. I mean, they have must have thrown this thing around the room.


And it was just in the corner playing dead. It was still alive. Yeah. And the dogs were just fucking ragdoll in it. How is It still alive? I, I don't know. We had to Well we had to catch it in the pocket. Your mastiff is fucking huge. Yeah. They were just toying with it. I think they were just fucking throwing 'em around. They had 'em cornered in the back. We had to dead a bucket. And you can't kill possums in the county of la It's illegal to kill a possum. That's hilarious. I know. That's so funny. You know, you can kill coyotes? No. In la. Oh Yeah. Are you being serious? Yeah, because we have a den of coyotes that come back through our backyard at times. Coyotes Are like rats. Dude, that's how look I have. I don't think they're like rats. Lemme just be real clear.


I think they're cool. But I wanted to kill one. I wanted to kill 'em when they killed all my chickens. Dude, I have, they killed all my fucking chickens. I Have a hoit bow with a 69 pound tension that would light a fucking coyo. I've been one to hunt something. Yeah. I just, yeah. Don't shoot your neighbors. Dude. California laws allows for the killing of fur bearing mammal that is injuring property at any time. And in any manner, any manner. However, animal cruelty laws prohibit maliciously and intentionally maiming, mutilating, torturing, wounding, or killing an animal. There I go. I just wait a minute. Prohibit intentionally killing an animal. So how can you have a law that allows for killing a forbearing mammal that is injuring property at any time in any manner, but also have a law that prohibits intentionally killing an animal?


It's gotta be doing injuring property. It says maliciously. So you'd be angry. Wait, hold on. Am I saying the word possum wrong? A possums? No, I say it O possum I think is the right way to say it. It's like a, It's like a, did you know it's, it's barrow Burrow. It's not barrel uhuh. It's real barrow. Interesting. Yeah. Makes it illegal to intentionally and maliciously kill an animal. But intentionally and maliciously are different things. Like if you're killing an animal to protect your dog, the, the key, oh, here it is. The key difference lies in the intent and manner of killing, killing an possum that is causing damage to property is one thing, but torturing or inflicting unnecessary suffering is a different manner.


Okay. Yeah. That makes sense. So I, I Think my dog's broke the law. A guy was convicted and sentenced for torturing an a possum to death, including beating, burning, and hanging it from a noose. Okay. That's a little bit, That's a lot. That's so much another case. Sounds Like A hate crime. His father and son were arrested for allegedly killing an a possum. But the arrests were later deemed unlawful in the city's settled lawsuit with the family for $400,000. Okay. Consider contacting a professional pest control operator or wildlife removal service. Yeah. I mean, I'm not too worried about possums, but In our old house we had less coyotes Are to be worried About. I'd fucking light up a Cote coyote.


They're Be worried about it to have a Small dog. I, I need 'em to be exactly 25 yards away from me though, you know, because I don't Yeah. That's all I might, I'm only scoped out for, from my porch to the fire pit. Don't you have a adjustable site? No, I have four sites. Okay. I didn't really learn that much about bow hunting with Cam. I just shot a couple times. But I, I know that like, one site is for that distance, one site's for that distance. Right. And I don't even need the second site in my backyard. Like my backyard's not that big. Right, right. You should go somewhere where you could practice. Like They have a good one. They have a good one in, I I think in pa I, it's over in a park. They have a whole archery range. Oh, nice. Yeah. Yeah. You should go there. I get weird with that shit. I have, you know, I have weird issues about like joining in or doing something new, like getting into a spin class and I've never met anyone.


I just kinda like doing it in my backyard. Doing it in the backyard is fun. But just for your own ability to get better at it, you really should stretch out your distance. Yeah. 'cause what happens is there's little tiny errors in your form that don't show up at 20 yards. That'll show up at 60 yards. And you gotta find out what those are. Like I don't, I always shoot at 85 yards. You shoot at 85 yards. 85 yards. And at your house. Yeah. Oh, got that. I, I set 85 yards is a, a distance I would never shoot an animal at. And if I could be super accurate at 85 yards, when an animal's at 50 yards, it feels to me like a, a chip shot. Yeah. Like I can just nail it. 'cause I'm always shooting long distances.


So at a long distance. Any little deviation or twerk, like twerk of your hand. Oh yeah. It can make a big difference in how the, the arrow goes off and at 70 yards it might be four or five, six inches to the left, to the right. Up, down. It's spread out. And you want to tighten it up like this. You want to get that group like a softball. That's what I want. I want a softball at 85 yards. That's when I know I can go hunting. Yeah. When I can get a softball at 85 yards. I'm dialed, I'm dialed in. I've been shooting, I've been shooting from a, a higher platform too. Is that bad? That's very good. That's very good. Especially if you ever have to go hunting in a tree stand. Tree stand hunting is very difficult.


So I've only done it once. My good friend John Dudley took me to his farm in Iowa. John actually taught me a a lot about archery too. Like most of what I know about like form and technique I learned from John. And anyway, John has this amazing setup in Iowa. And you go up in these tree stands and you, you, you have to like buckle yourself in with like a safety wire or a safety rope. Yeah. And you know, you're sitting there like all day. You sit all day, all day. It's freezing. It's November, it's in Iowa, it's fucking three degrees. You're just sitting there freezing your fucking dick off. And sometimes you have these giant suits that you put over your whole body and zip up.


Like you're a giant burrito of fur, almost like a sleeping bag. And You're, and you're sober and you're not doing anything but just waiting. Yeah. You can't Be drunk. You Can't be listening to like a podcast. Can't. You really? Shouldn't you want to hear, you want to hear branches snapping. You want to hear the little cracks, the little sounds, little ch ch That's what you're listening for. Guys even wear these things called walker game ears and walker game ears. Or it's almost like a hearing aid. And you put 'em in and you crank it up and you can hear things like way amplified, way amplified that you like, there's a certain headphones that you wear if you go to a a, like a, a gun range that si that they tune out any sound that's over a certain pitch, like a certain volume, but amplify other sounds.


So you can hear people talking like from way away. Really? Yeah. Way stronger like ability to hear. But then the gun, it cuts out the sound when it gets to a dangerous, so every gun is like Ttt ttt, but the sound of other people is still present. So you can talk at a gun range. You don't have to have like full ear, like the foam one stuffed in there where you have to pull like a tarn tactical, they always use those. Yeah. You pull, you have to pull 'em out to talk to people. These, you can kind, so these guys wear things like that so they can hear everything in the forest. Wow. They can hear every little sound because when a deer's coming in, they come in slowly. They, they like, they're all wary and shit. They're stepping on the grass. They're moving around.


And you might just hear something, just a rustle and you're like, where's it? And you see him. Oh shit, there, he's there, he's, and then you gotta get your bow. So you're waiting all day for one moment and you're shooting down. Yeah. 'cause like the, like they're down like below you or like you're at a like sharp angle. So you have to have like a range compensating, an angle compensating range fighter, because the shot might be 40 yards, but it actually might be 20 yards because you're shooting straight down. Yeah. So you're shooting straight down. You're, you're, the way your arrow is gonna drop, it's not gonna be as affected by gravity. So like if you're shooting 40 yards on a flat plane, the arrow's gonna arc and it's gonna drop. So over the course of the 40 yards, if your arrow's going 290 feet per second, which is a good speed, it's gonna slowly drop until it gets to 40 yards.


So you have, that's why your range, like you set up the pin. Yeah. You move it to where the arrow's gonna be when it finally gets there at 40 yards. You'll know where I have Can you move your own pin? Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah. Oh, I need camera, Mine. I have a, I have a wheel. The, it's set up that like I have a what's called a spot hog, A fast Eddie. And it's got two pins on it and one pin will be at 20 yards. The other pin will be at 35 yards. And then I move it down. And then the one pin is at 50 yards and the other pin is at like 75 yards. Oh, that's not mine. Or 65 yards. Mine just got four, four different sites. Oh, Okay. Yeah. So mine is an adjustable one that's on a wheel. And that's what you need because like when you with a rain, like say a deer's coming in and you're in a tree stand you, you look and you're like, that's pretty far away.


But it's pretty far like this straight down. So pretty far straight down. Your arrow's not gonna drop as much. It's just straight As if you were shooting straight. Yeah, if you're shooting straight, it's gonna go boom. And then, so you have to have a range finder that figures that out for you. Oh shit. And it says, even though that's 40 yards away, the angle compensation is actually 26 yards. So you have to dial your shit to 26 yards and then you'll be perfect. Have you ever, have you ever gone fishing with a bow? No, I have not. But it looks amazing. It is so fucking difficult. It Looks so, it looks fun too though. It's fun, but it's, it's difficult because of the water reflection. You've gotta shoot like a Six inches below it, right? Yeah. Well, I don't know because I never got one.


So Yeah, I was, and I was a little drunk. I was like, I was like, this will be easy. I think you have to shoot six. It's refrac refrac refraction, right? Yeah. Yeah. I think you have to shoot below what you see. Yeah. Yeah. I, I, That's a mind fuck. I couldn't, I, I mean we sat out there, it was salmon all over. Really? You could see them. It was, yeah. And I fucking must have taken a hundred shots. Oh Man. That must have been so fun. It was fun. But you know, was That that, is that like a recurve bow or is that a bow with a release? Do you have a Release? I don't remember. I was, I think it was, I think it was a, I think it was a compound bow. Oh, okay. I think So. Yeah. That's better. A compound bow, you can be more accurate. So with the compound bow, like I don't know how to aim with a recurve bow at all.


I've, I've only shot one, like three or four times ever. And I went on this trip to Lanai with my family and one of the things that they had was like this little archery lesson. You take archery classes and shoot it the little targets. And they had recurved bows. I'd never shot a bow without a sight before. So I was like trying to like line it up. Oh yeah. Hey, line up. Where the fuck, how do you know where the arrow's gonna Go? That's, you have no idea. That's the only bows I've ever shot. It was like a recurve. Yeah. Yeah. Recurve. I shot a recurve bow. We did like archery lessons in Italy. And so we were at different, you know how like those hills that are like, almost like steps and so they'd have, but it was weird 'cause the recurve bow was such that you had to hold it kind of like an angle At an angle. Yeah. So that The arrow stays on the Shelf.


Yeah. And during the pandemic, I got the girls both recurve bows and we would shoot in the backyard All the time. It's fun. It's definitely fun. But it's, it's kind of like throwing a rock or, or like throwing a baseball. Like you've, you've gotta like have a feel for where that baseball's gonna go at 30 yards, at 40 yards, at 50 yard, you know? Yeah. Like if you had to throw a baseball and hit a tree, you would know, okay, I gotta throw it a little harder. Yeah. You get a feel. So that's different than regular archery. Like, or excuse me, compound archery. 'cause compound archery, you're basically relying on the site and the technique, like you, you dial it in, you get that pin, it's at 42 yards and then you're just going through your shot process.


You're just staying steady and making sure you go through your shot process Perfect. So that when the shot breaks, the arrow goes exactly where you want to. But with a recurve, like you have to practice All the time because you have to have that feel. Yeah. You have to have a feel and know where that arrow's gonna go. Like you're, you're looking down the shaft of your arrow, but your accuracy is greatly diminished compared to like a compound bow. I haven't shot my re I only shot shoot my compound bow now, but I haven't shot my recurve bow with the little wristlet thing. Yeah, Ken gave me, I like to do that 'cause I, I use always just my fingers. Well that's an interesting thing. So use a release on a recurve.


I'm sure people do that. You'd have to put a D loop on it though, or you put, or no, I guess not. You can hold it from the top or the bottom. That would be better. Yeah, that would definitely be better. So you definitely get a more consistent release. But people want to be primitive, you know, like the real psychos. What happens is, guys, the, the highest level of bow hunting is guys go after like elk and deer with a recurve bow. My friend Aaron Schneider did that for a couple years. He only shot, 'cause he's like a elite hunter, like an elite bow hunter. But what's the ultimate poundage of a recurve bow? What's the highest it can go? It's, you're not getting it nearly the amount of kinetic energy. No. So the kinetic energy you would get from a compound bow, like Aaron's a big guy. He's pretty jacked.


And so like his bow is like an 82 85 pound bow probably. And he's a big guy, so he's probably got a 30 inch draw somewhere around that. So he's getting insane amounts of kinetic energy in these arrows. That Was, that's just Blowing through everything. That's the craziest part of getting fitted for a bow. Because I was always like, I was always come here, I was like, Joe, lemme shoot your bow. And you're like, it's not that easy. 'cause it's set up for a person. Yeah. It's set up for your wingspan. Yeah. Like you, you're taller than me. So you're, what is your, do you know where your draw length is? No. Cam did all of it. And I was just listening Your draw length's probably 29 and a half, maybe 30 inches. Mine's 28. So 28 I used to have 28 and a half and then I dropped down to 28 and I adjusted a few things.


And I feel like the more tension at the end, like the further back you are like, I know guys who want extra energy and so they're what's called overdrawn. So they maybe should have a 27 inch draw, but they have a 29 inch draw and they have their release way back here. Wow. So they're shooting things totally different. You would never tell anybody to do that. Yeah. But some guys get really good doing that and then they just stick with it. Like, it's all about repeatability. But Cam taught me like Cam was a, he's smaller than, his draw is a little bit smaller than mine. His is 27 and he had a longer draw. He started out with a longer draw as well, but then brought when he, like for him his ul the ultimate thing is accuracy.


Yeah. And he's like, when your, your bow is more tense, more taut, and there's more tension on it. If it's a shorter draw length, you're more accurate. You wanna get it perfect. Yeah. You want exactly what your frame is. And for me it seems like 28 inches is the right, the right number. I Had the, I had one of my most manly moments of my entire life in that fucking bow, in that bow store. It's a very manly place, dude. They were, cam was like, they had me set for like a 40 pound, You know, bow. And I go, okay. And he was like, I go, what do you guys shoot? Like you and Rogan? He was like, 80 pounds I think was what he said. 90 Oh is okay. So it's 90. So Cam goes, cam goes, I go, is that one tough to draw, pull back?


And he was like, yeah. And I was like, I try. And he was like, okay. So he pulls it and brings it over, You know, All the bow guys are there. So I hang and I pull it back and Kim goes, hold on, hold on, hang on. Takes the bow off. And he puts it and he measures it. And he is like, there's no way he did that. And he measured the test. He goes, God damnit. He goes, all right, let's move on to 69. You're A strong dude man. You were talking about how you bench press. What did you, what are you bench pressing now? Three 15. 3 25. 3 25. For how many? Just one. That's impressive. That's a lot of weight. That's dangerous for your shoulders though. That's why I don't like it. It's not, yeah, it's not sustainable and there's no reason to do it because as I did it, I gained weight. Like I gained weight, I gained 10 pounds. Got Yeah.


Like this is gonna sound so silly. And you know me so well that you're gonna laugh when I say this, but like, my jackets weren't fitting. No, I'm sure you Got thick for a while. My shoulders and my chest and my, my biceps and my triceps, everything in his jacket just wouldn't fit. A year ago when you were at the club, I was calling you Jack Burt remember? Yeah. I was like, you wanna say I go, dude, you look different now. It's not as funny when you take your shirt off. 'cause I'm like, he's fucking jacked. You look like a football player. You look like a big, like a tank abbot. That's what you look like. Tank big bounce tank was a bad bounce motherfucker. He was a bad motherfucker. I was, I was pretty skinny in the special, not skinny, but like I was in good shape in the special tanned. Really tanned. Yeah. Special outfit Bro. Tank Abbot.


He put like UFC on the map. Dude, that early generation of guys were so charismatic. Oh yeah. I mean, I mean when you look like Frank, what's his name? Shamrock? Frank Shamrock. Oh yeah. Hoist Gracie. Oh yeah. Tank Abbott. Ken Shamrock. Ken Shamrock. Dude. That was like, yeah, that Was like the Don Fry. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. It, you know, we were, I was, where were we just at the other day? I went, it was UFC with my wife and she was, and I was saying to her, she was like, so, So that was your first, her first one live? Oh yeah. Have you seen one? You saw one live at the Apex. I saw, I saw one live at Madison Square Garden. Oh that's Right. That's right. Yeah. That was a good one too. Yeah. But we sat, we, I bought the tickets.


Yeah. So we sat up in the nosebleeds. That made me angry. Don't ever buy tickets. I know, but I'm never gonna ask you for something. We know. I get, I get angry when people ask you for shit. 'cause you're so generous with Everyone. Yeah. That doesn't that I, I feel bad. You called and you said, do you want tickets? And I was like, you, first of all, you're like, are you going to UFC? And I was like, I'm not gonna say I don't wanna sound like, well You told me you were going to slap fight. I'm like, okay, you're here. Yeah. Like I, I didn't know if you were set up yet. No. And, and I wasn't gonna ask Dana for tickets. Come on. And then you're like, oh, let me get you tickets. And then you go, UFC's got better tickets. Dude, that was a fucking fever dream that night. That was fun. It was me and Theo. Yeah. I don't think I've laughed harder with an individual in my fucking life. No, there's no one better than Theo for Can we get that lighter?


Yeah. For a hang dude. Just talking shit, being silly. It was me, him and my wife the whole time. They were like, 'cause we went to slap fight together, then we went to UFC together. Sat next to Taylor, sat next to Max Crosby. Sat next to Mel Gibson. Taylor Sheridan. Look at that. That's awesome. Mario Lopez. What a fucking crew at. The Guys are like, like Max and, and Taylor Labon. What a fucking crew. Taylor Lu one's the one who did me the bench press bet with. Oh no. Shit. Him shit. And busting with the boys. He was like, he saw me try to get 300. He was like, you can't get 300, Bro. We went gambling with him and Jamie and Shane and all, all these and Dana White in Vegas. And I watched him beat down. Dana was betting for him. Dana was telling him what to bet. And they have this system.


Okay. Whatever. Yeah. But he's up, he's up like a considerable amount of money. Yeah. Over the course of All the times they've been gambling, but they gamble heavy. Very. And Jamie and I were getting severe anxiety. Dude. They were down $125,000 in the first five minutes. Do you remember that? Yeah. How scary was that? I, I tried to, I was like, I, I'll lemme jump in with you guys. He's like, don't, don't don't, dude. Not I, I was gonna, I was, I was like, lemme get a marker. I'll hop out now. I've never gotten a marker. I got a marker one time with Tommy For What do you have to do? Do you have to gimme your credit card? Oh, It's, they've gotta do a fucking bank transfer. It takes a long time to get a marker, a bank Transfer. Unless You've done it before in Vegas. Yeah. I, dude, it took me an hour and a half to get a fucking marker.


How do you get a bank transfer in the middle of the night? You have to call your bank. I don't think you can get a marker unless you've already had that established earlier. And You had Established No, I had it and me and Tommy were there and Tommy's like, get a marker. So I was like, okay. So I just asked for a marker and it took forever. They'd go through my financial guy and then they came in, Financial guys around in Vegas. They called him. They called him at home at work. It was like Tommy and I. What time was it? Tommy and I were doing it when we did the Super Bowl like two years ago. Oh, so it was daytime? It was daytime. Oh, okay. And so Tommy had already gotten his marker and I, it took me forever to get a marker. I got a $50,000 marker. And dude, I got so nervous. I bet a thousand dollars lost 300. And I was like, I'm done Dude. I just, I was like a Pussy. Remember being poor too. Well I don't, it's Not, it's not gambling's not fun unless it sparkles.


Unless there's like a terror. Unless, unless there's terror. Yeah. It's not fun when you're like, you know, 20 bucks. Yeah. 50 bucks. Exactly. I Gotta bet 50,000. All of that money on something to feel it lose. But I love, I love the feeling, but the feeling's not worth it to lose the money. Yeah, the losing the money. Holy shit. Dana White when we got there, what was he down? $600,000? Something like that. Yeah, he was down $600,000 and he stayed all night and he was there till like five o'clock in the morning and he got it back and was up $600,000 when he left. He gambles. He goes, he plays back rat Hard. He is a blackjack Bette too. That's his new game. It Woo. We did Tommy and I did a podcast with him and Bet More.


What's that? $500,000? Oh, Max there. What is, I don't even know what that is. What is Bachar Rat? I know the name. I have no idea. I think it's like a Chinese blackjack. Oh. If I had to like, it was on a quibb quiz show and someone ex explained BA route, I'd be like, fuck, I should fucking know that Ricky Ticket to, I don't know. I know what craps is. I know how that works. I don't know how it works. No, I do not. You know, like the rules, like what is the come line and all that shit? I don't, you know what the fucks, I know what it iss Crap is just a simple game. They throw the dice. Yeah. But All the different, the cu and the the fucking lines and yeah. I don't know what's going on. Oh, It's Craps is simple.


Really honestly, craps is a very, It's not simple. Yeah. But It's, it's basically roll the dice, whatever that number is. You just gotta roll it again and then that's it. Everyone gets a bet on whether you're not gonna roll it, whether you're gonna roll it. And then they can bet on the other numbers that you might roll before you roll your second number. And then there's a roll, two rolls that get you out. And then if you roll those at the beginning, you get money. It's a simple game. Technically not as simple as blackjack, but back. That's A good one that you like, you get your wife to kiss the dice and then you throw it. Oh yeah. You get her to throw it for you. And she gets on a hot streak. Dude, we got on a hot streak on a boat one time. Me and my buddy Cowhead and our buddy Pete. And we were fucking, we were rolling hot and fucking people are loo making a lot of money. And we're talking, I'm on my 20th roll and I'm hitting him and hitting him and hitting him.


And I grab 'em one time and I go to roll and the dealer guy hits my hands with the fucking stick. And I go, what? And he goes, miss roll. And I go, whoa. And then I rolled a crapped out of seven and I was like, fuck that. I go, fuck that. And then the guy goes, all right, I'm out. And he just clocked out and walked away and I fucked me. And my buddy Pete made him apologize to us. Why did he say it was a bad role? He Just, it, they try to fuck up your flow. They don't wanna, they don't want your flow to fucking Oh, they don't want you to stay hot. Yeah, you're hot. Let's fuck it up. Mm. What is this? This Is a road record shit for four and a half hours straight. What? Yeah, it, oh, I mean the amount of money in the energy at that table would have been Insane. Insane.


Been bonkers. The fun is the shit you say as you roll the bike four Hours and 18 minutes later tomorrow had rolled a world record for craps rolls. She rolled 154 times. The odds of accomplishing this are one in 1.56 trillion. Do you know how much money she paid made the people at that table? What does that mean? So she rolled the same number every time? No, it means that she didn't roll a seven after her come out roll for that many rolls. She may have rolled a seven. But if you roll a seven on your come out role, then you get paid. See, this is why it's confusing. They try to pretend it's not confusing. No, It's not confusing. Yeah. Be have You have to do it once or twice. You have to do it a couple times, lose a little bit of money and then you Kind Interesting.


Ba rat's. The rough One. I'm so Dana Said, said Dana said, he goes take out, I think he said $275,000 marker to me and Tommy. He's like, I mean I was gonna be in Vegas. I go, he goes, Bert take out a 275,000 marker. Come play back route with me. I'll double your money. And I was like, I was like, if you just Nay, nay sir, Tom's like do it. And Leanne wouldn't let me do it. She's like, no fucking way she's gonna, you're gonna lose it. And he's gonna be like, ah, I didn't see that coming. Or you're gonna like get addicted to doing that and you're gonna wanna do it All the time. That's what she sees coming dude. She sees it coming like she sees everything else. She's like, no big guy. Gimme those pills. I got the ick on all of it.


Yeah, she's right. She's right. I mean, look, Dan's got a lot of money. He makes a lot of money. He can do that. He likes doing that. It works. Somehow or another it wouldn't work for me. No, it's not my thing. It's not my thing. But for some people, like he loves living in Vegas. He loves playing. He Loves Vegas. Loves it, loves it. He's got the town wired. You know, why wouldn't he love it? You know the sports there All the time. We got the U-F-C-P-I there, so there's fights there almost. I mean every month there's a fight at the, the the Apex. At least. What's, can I tell you the craziest experience of of that whole thing other than meeting Mel Gibson, which was a dream. He was the sweetest guy. He's a nice guy. He was the nice guy.


I told you I met him on the plane and flying here. Yeah. And then he walked by me like when he, we left out the plane. He is like, maybe I'll see you this weekend. I was like, hopefully. And then when he walked into UFC, he came over, grabbed my leg. He's like, what's up big guy? And I was like, ah. And the guy next to me are like, You know Dan, you know Mel Gibson? And I was like, yeah, but the coolest. He Go way back. Coolest Part was the fucking guy, Ari Emmanuel that watching the character from Entourage be himself. 'cause I sat right behind him and he was just, he's the guy. He's much more reasonable than The character. He's, but he's still a character. Oh, he is definitely a character. Yeah. Nice Guy. He's a nice guy. Him and Peter Berg were were right up right in front of me and Leanne.


I love that dude. Peter Berg is. Peter Berg Is great shit. Have you been watching American Prime Evil? Of course. Fuck. Fuck me. Fuck God. Yeah. Peter Berg's a great dude and he was a great actor. Do you remember asking Extreme? Yeah. He, he's, he was great in the, in the show too. He's great. In American Prime Evil. He's great. He's been in a bunch of movies, but I think like he really shines as a filmmaker, you know. Wait, what's the movie? What's the TV show? Gary Oldman's in right now. Not Black Doves. I don't know. No, it's an Apple. It's an Apple Joe. This is the best damn show out there. Apple's making some banging shows, man. Slow Horses. Have you seen it? No. Joe. Yeah. Slow Horses Is Gary Oldman's Best work yet?


In my opinion. Really? He is so fucking good. And it is such a great show. Damn. Slow Horses on Netflix. It's what's, what's great about these shows? Oh no, on Apple, Like the English or, or Slow Horses or Black Doves is, there's six episodes, but it's a six episode arc. So it's not just like episodic. Like we remember like, like old dramas being where the whole thing happened in the hour and then Right. And then you never have to watch that again. Brand new one. The whole thing happens in an hour, right. There, there are these episode arcs where it starts off telling a story and you pay out by the last episode. Much like Peaky Blinders. Right, right. Peaky Blinders would, would, they were great standalone episodes, but that episode it was so addictive.


Yeah, that's what the streamers have changed the way we're taken in content. Because you start, if you start slow horses tonight, you'll watch all six and then you'll be like, honey, we're watching all of these tomorrow. Really? It's so fucking good. Ooh. Gary Oldman's. Awesome. Gary Oldman. He's the third best Vampire movie is his Dracula. Oh, his Dracula. His Dracula was very good. It was very good. Wait, are you a Dracula guy? Love Dracula? Yeah. Who do you like more? Dracula or the werewolf? Werewolves. Werewolves. They're the most fun. The most fun. Like just some poor dude. Yeah. He's like, the moon changes like fuck ah. And just waking up covered in blood.


Like what happened? Like the idea of, it's just so crazy. I always just always loved werewolf movies. What Happened to Benicia El Del Toro's werewolf movie? That was a good One. I thought it was good. It just petered out. It was, there was some real great moments in it. The, we played it a bunch of times, but the one when they're in the theater, the medical theater, and he's trying to convince this guy that the guy's insane. He's like, I'm here to show you that he will not turn into a wolf. He thinks he will. You know? And so they have him strapped up. It's like, how are you going to kill you wolf? This buddy starts fucking, it's an amazing transformation scene. But Rick Baker did that film, the same guy that did American Werewolf in London. Yeah. It's the, you know, the, the werewolf that we have in the lobby.


That's the greatest werewolf movie of all time. Yeah, no question. Because it's John Landis. It's actually funny. There's funny moments in it. It's really fucking good. It's a good movie. They did a great job of only showing the wolf like a little bit. So you're really scared when you actually see it. They don't like get you numb to the thing being there. So this is the theater scene. It starts changing. So this is like, they did a combination of CGI and makeup. So the thing about CGI is like right there, that C-G-I-C-G-I, you kind of know it's CGI. There's the uncanny valley effect, right?


Yeah. And so when he fully transforms in the scenes where he is attacking people, he's an actor. He's Benicio del Turro. But with all these prosthetics on, and it looks much more realistic, like the way it moves, the way it behaves. Like when he goes after these people, it seems, well go back up so he could see it. Rip the guy's heart out. Oh, he threw the dude through the window. His back up a little bit before that is when he tears the guy apart.


Look at this Up. It seems to be locked, sir. Oh my God. See, so when it's a dude in a costume with All the fur on it, the, the way it moves is just they can't quite fix that In cgi. I It's not quite there. Yeah. It still gives you that thing where there's a suspension of disbelief. But when they use, you know, when they use makeup like, like they did in American world in London and like real like the transformation scene in the American world of London.


Do you remember that one? Oh yeah. The guy's in the bedroom? Yeah. Or in the living room. And he just starts fucking ah, and his back pops up and he stretches out and starts getting covered In hair. Aren't they playing? Aren't they playing like CCR and that? Yeah. I think it's bad Moon. Woe in London. No, I think it's bad Moon on the rise. There's bad moon. All the rise. God Damn. Yeah. I mean I could use a new werewolf. You know what they were Doing? They're doing it. The guy who did Nasra is gonna do a werewolf movie now. No Shit. They were gonna do a series of All the horror movies and it started with The Mummy, with Tom Cruise. They had one set up for Johnny Depp. But The Mummy with Tom Cruise is not the Mummy, the Scary Mummy from like when we were kids.


Yeah. But they were all reimagined. Yeah. Like I I, I took a meeting with that, whatever that studio was. And they were, because they always wanted a comedic actor in it for the one that in the Mummy, it was Jake. Jake guy. He's such a great actor. And I'm fucking flaking on his name. He was in New Girl Jake Johnson. Jake Johnson. Jake Johnson is funny as shit. He is a great actor. And he was the comedic Relief in The Mummy. And and they were gonna do that with each of them. And so they had one set up for, for for Johnny Depp. They had a set up for big stars. Everyone was getting their own, Wasn't it Brandon Frazier originally? He was in the, the original Mummy.


Original. Original, Yeah. And then it was The Rock. Oh, that's right. That's right. Yeah. And then it was Tom Cruise. I love Brandon Frazier's revival. Isn't it amazing, dude? Isn't it great when a guy comes back and not just comes back but comes back and and kills it in a movie and then like, has this like heartfelt speech where he is like tearing up and crying and like everybody loves him again. Yeah. Like that must have felt awful for that guy. He was this giant movie star. He was in all these giant films and then for whatever reason he just kind of like faded Away. He got Me Too. Is that what happened? He but by a dude. Oh, the dude tried to fucking touch him. Oh. And he stood up to the guy and was like, Hey man, you can fuck yourself. The guy's like, I'll ruin your career if I'm Par.


Obviously my memory is whatever the fuck it is. But yeah, that he came out and he said, you know, I was, I was blackballed 'cause I I fucking called a dude out. Let's find out if that's true. Yeah. Find out if that's true. We might have to edit that out. Allegedly. Allegedly, allegedly is a great word. The but it's, it's crazy. Those, I saw something of Mickey Rourke. No, I mean he said It. Yeah, that's what he said. Yeah. Okay. Mickey Rourke said he hadn't worked for 13 years. And Mickey Rourke was the man, Papa Greenwich Village. Oh, angel Heart. I mean that Angel Hart shut the fuck up. Yeah. Dude, didn't he? Rourke Was a beast. Didn't he do the, the one with the Ice cube on the stomach? The Blue Dream or Blue Oh right.


With Kim Basinger. Where like, what Was that? He, And it was like the ultimate sex Scene was Sex movie. And it was like, what was they, they they, what was it called? Wild Orchid. Wild Orchid. Wild Orchid, I think. Yeah. That would look crazy. But He said he, I saw an interview with him and he said he hadn't worked in 13 years. He was down on his money. All he had. Oh, I saw that. His motorcycles and his clothes. He dressed himself up one night and took himself out for a bowl of spaghetti. And it's All the money he had. And fucking Sylvester Stone walked by and he was like, Hey man, where you been? He's like, just been out. And he was like, you wanna work in a movie? He was like, yeah. And he goes, that one movie paid six months of my rent. And it was his comeback. Yeah. Mickey work's always been a badass. He was awesome, man. I bought clothes because I saw what he was wearing on a Sunday.


He had on the coolest fucking outfit and it's so silly, but he had like a Adidas track pants. This had to be like 2001 Adidas track pants with a white Adidas shoes and a, and a wife beater. And he was putting cases of Heineken in the back of a Cadillac, DTS. And I was watching him from across the street and I was like, I'm getting those pants, I'm getting those shoes. Puma shoes, Adidas pants, and a fucking wife beater. And I, dude, I dress like that hoping someone would be like, dude that's a badass outfit. No one ever said it to me. You know what's a great, I would've said it, bro. Thank you. You know, it's a great movie that people have slept on. They forgot about with him. Chinatown. Wait, is he in Chinatown Now? What was it called? It wasn't Chinatown was Jack Nicholson.


But there was another, there was a Chinatown, God dammit, the year of the dragon. Yeah. I just You're the dragon. Wait, What's the year? The dragon? That's What was, That's it was Which one's You The dragon. You're the dragon is, he's a cop. He's like a dirty cop in this Chinese mob film. It's really good, man. It's really good. What year is this? 85. 85. So I was in fucking high school, man. Wow. This is the year I graduated high school. It's a good movie though, man. Real good movie. It might not hold up Really hot. Chinese lady falls in love with her. Oh baby. It's crazy when you see your heroes get older.


You know, like Harrison Ford to see him now and be like coming. He, he's great in that 1923 show though. Have you been watching that? Oh, Is this Taylor's show? Yeah. No, I haven't seen that. He's great. Oh, this is, I just saw, yeah, we was talking about that. I just watched, Watched episode four last night. He's great in that. He's, He, he's the man. You know, they said the rumor is they ca they were gonna cast Tom Selleck as Han Solo. Did you hear this? Yeah. And he was a carpenter. He was a, and Mark Campbell told me this story. Yeah. And he was like, did he really? Yeah. Yeah. He said they were having, they were having Harrison read with everyone. So, 'cause he was like, You know, great actor, but he was also a carpenter. And they're like, you just read sides with people as they audition. So we read with Kerry, read with Mark, he read with everyone. They were gonna cast Tom Sellick. And at the last minute they said, you know, I don't know man, something about Tom Selleck isn't dangerous.


There's something dangerous about Harrison Ford. And there is really Working. Dude, he Struggling. Yeah. Yeah. And he's, I mean I just watched all three Raiders of the Lost Ark the other night. And he is fucking funny. He's Great. He's cool. Do You know that scene where the guy pulls out the sword, starts swinging around? He just shoots him. Yeah. You know, he improvised that. Yeah. That's Fucking amazing. Amazing scene. He improvised it. I remember Watching it in the movie theater and going, SHA Yeah. It's perfect God. That's what you hope always happens. Get the fuck outta here with that sword. Boom. God. And he was a, he was a hero with a tragic flaw. And that was snakes. That was his weakness. That was his Achilles Heel. Also. He was a professor that was like secretly dangerous.


Secretly. Look at this outfit doing real archeology. He had a whip. Here it is. There's a scene. They were supposed to have this whole choreographed thing with a sword and the whip. It's perfect scene. How many franchises is he the actor that's had the most franchises behind him? No, it's gotta be Tom Cruise, right? Oh yeah. Well You think Tom Cruise top? Well he wasn't in the new top com, was he? Yeah, he was. I didn't watch it. You didn't watch it? Oh, I did watch a little. Oh, it's so good. I turned it off after while I cried at the end. I turned it off after a while.


Yeah. You ready? What's that? Sorry I jumped the gun. But Harrison Ford is Correct. Dan. Oh, he is the most, yeah, so he is got Star Wars, He's got raids, the lost Star Raid of the Lost Star, Jack Ryan. He's got 20 of 'em. Oh, Jack Ryan. He's Got 20 of them. What? Wait, Wait, It's his franchise rolls. I don't know if it's like, You know Oh, like A small role Radio or 20 different franchises. Oh, okay. Little starring and franchises. You got the two big ones. Raiders of Law Star, huge, huge Star Wars. The hugest of all time. Can you imagine doing, can you imagine doing Star Wars and then doing Raiders of the Lost Star? Can be. And you can be just being like, I guess I don't fuck up. Yeah. I guess I just hit dingers. Well, I mean, Can you imagine he Obviously he was very fortunate to get cast in those, but also he killed it.


Right? It's Like apparently one of the coolest dudes to party with, The scene with him. And fucking the, the, the love tension between him and Carrie Fisher was amazing. Okay. Can I ask you something as a first grade Burt to a fourth grade Joe Rogan. Did you know that Darth Vader was his dad in the first episode? No. Okay. I didn't either. I a fucking cousins were like, how did you not know that? I mean, Oh, your cousins are douche bags? Yeah. Wow. They didn't know either. God, They're bullshitting. They found out and they were like, how did you not know they were those guys? You know those guys who just read something and then barks it at you? Like, how the fuck do you not know this man? You don't know the fuck in Federal Reserves. You don't know about the ice wall.


I think they had a game show called, you'd be shocked. What? Bert doesn't know. People make a lot of money. Oh yeah. I don't know anything. Yeah, I know. Shit. That doesn't help. Do you know the most interesting shit at a dinner party to talk about? Like, I don't know any of that shit. Well, I definitely can do that. I can talk on the surface level about a lot of stuff. Do you like when a person like, like Taylor, you, you were kind of between three conversations. 'cause you were talking to your wife, you were talking to David, but like me and Leanne were dead set talking to Taylor. And I love, I love when a dude hold holds court. Like, that Was a great table when he sat The way he sat where he is like, lemme tell you about Yeah, I remember Leanne was like, I had four oh kid, a head of cattle as a kid.


And he goes, yeah, I got 14,000. And I was like, Leanne, shut in your mouth. Let him talk. He, he did. Fucking Yellowstone let him talk. Don't stop. Don't stand interrupt there. He's a storyteller. He's a great storyteller. And he's a guy, you know, there's a ranch that I hunt at in California and he was a cowboy on that ranch. Yeah. At one point in time, an actual cowboy. He actually worked and helped to fucking move cattle around. Oh. And you know me, like, you know if sometimes if you tell a story, I gotta send him a story. I'll tell you my story after. Yeah buddy. There's none of those. That guy, you Can't, you can't top any of his fucking stories. But that's why his stories are so good. It's like lived experience, Very lived experience. Yeah. And under a real understanding that's like his love for the cowboy culture is like completely legitimate.


It's why Yellowstone is so good. Yes. It, you can't, you can kind, I mean you can fake it. People fake it before, but when someone does it that really loves it, that's when it gets people excited and they move to Montana, they decide they want, I wanna live that life. It's like avatar depression. I wanna be on Pandora. It's like people, you know, they, you get sucked in by someone who's done an, an amazing job of telling a film or a story in a, in a show. And that's what entertainment is really all about. Yeah. For me, I'm not looking for any fucking lessons about equity and inclusion diversity. I'm already, I already think that way. I already think that, that all human beings are the same. We're all just one thing experiencing each other.


Subjectively, as Bill Hicks said, I, I believe that. So I don't need that lesson. That lesson just makes me feel like you're preaching to me and that shit's annoying. I don't like it. It's bo I get, I already know these things stop. We're doing it for other people. It doesn't work. It doesn't work. It just makes people more self-righteous and they want to talk about it All the time. I have, I have a weird question. Do you think, 'cause like I I I feel like because I'm on Instagram a lot, like I'm, I might be switching to a flip phone. Right. But I'm not watching anything Right after You quit drinking, right? No. My wife already bought the flip phone. She was like, I do nine daughters put parental controls on my Instagram. Ah, it's hilarious. I, they, I, yeah, I I got it.


Don't worry. I can get through 'em. But would you think that, like, I notice a, it seems like a lot of people now are almost living four Instagram. Like, like, hey, this is me and my three friends and we're sailing around the world. And then do you think people were doing that before Instagram? No. No. I think definitely people are doing things so that they can show that they're doing things. But if you're actually doing things, like, it's a balancing thing. Like if you're experiencing more stuff because you're documenting it for your YouTube channel, you're still experiencing more stuff. Yeah. I mean you are kind of, you're putting it all out there, but if you're still experiencing more stuff, like, that's probably net positive. Yeah.


The problem is when you find yourself hanging out with your friends, but all you're doing is staring at your phone, you know, and it's a real, it's a real trap that we all get sucked into. Especially if you had a good algorithm, You know, it'ss filled with stuff that pisses you off or freaks you out, which is mine. Oh, I don't watch any. My shit's, my shit's. All people doing epic shit. Oh, that's good. And then I go, that's good. Yeah. Like, I, like, I followed these two dudes climb Everest. I followed them on Instagram, climb fucking Everest. And I was like, I was like, I gotta, I want climb Mount Kilimanjaro. No, no, no. Kilimanjaro's achievable. No, no, no. But I go, I wanna do epic shit. Like I got to a place when I was, I started taking time off in July and I was like, yo, I need, I want a month.


I wanna sail to Hawaii. Like I, I wanna see what it's like to be afraid, You know, in the middle of the ocean. Pull Up how many people die and Mount Kilimanjaro? Oh, nobody. Mount Kilimanjaro is easy. Yeah. People, it's a light lift. It's a light lift. People have died. Mount Kilimanjaro is easy, I guarantee you. No, it's like a, it's a long haul hike. I bet people have died. I okay. I I bet it's under 10. How many? 10 a year. Three to 10 a year. Oh yeah. But watch how many people die going to Everest. Yeah. That's not good. Nope. Well if you play rush rule out with five bullets, you get shot more on. Only play with one. How? Ask him. No, hold on. That says the stupid fucking thing to say. You know how many people definitely don't die on Mount Kilimanjaro that don't go to Mount Kilimanjaro?


100% of them. Hundred percent of all 'em, 100% of the people that don't go up that fucking stupid mountain. Just get a fucking Oculus and watch that shit. You know? Just watch it, watch it in your, your head. You can get videos of it. 340 people have died attempting to reach or return. What, what happened? Oh, Mount Everest. Since the records began, many bodies remain. Have you ever seen the bodies scattered, like the map of the bodies where they show Yes. Where the known dead bodies on Mount Everest are? Yes. It's terrifying. Do you Wanna know the craziest one? Sure. So the first dude to ever attempt the something, I think his name was Mallory, right? Yeah. Ed Hillary is the one who got it. He's still there. So he, they said they found his body, you know, probably like five years after.


10 years after. And they said he had a broken leg of fractured skull and his pick. And that's how they could figure out it was him. 'cause his initials were in his pick. And they said he always carried a picture of his wife 'cause he was gonna put the picture of his wife on the top of Mount Everest and it wasn't in his pocket. So they're like, did he, was he in fact the first person to get there? Oh, Probably. And then he left it there, then died on the coming down. Probably the other thing that I think is wild is Sir Edmund Hillary and 10 Z Norge made a deal that they would reach the summit at the same time. 'cause it was like, you know who, who gets to the summit first? Right? Right, right. And it's a, it's a, I mean when you think about it, you know, especially with racism back then Edmund Hillary was a Kiwi And you know, he must have been like, Hey brown guy, just carry the bags.


I'm gonna, I'm gonna get up there and you come up, get a picture of me and then we'll do one together and then we'll head down. But they made a deal to go up together 'cause they needed them that much. Mm. Well you definitely need those. Sherpa can go All the way up there with no oxygen. Those Sherpas will get locked on a ledge with a bunch of white people. The white people have to have helicopters come out and get 'em. A helicopter can, I think can only get to like 2300 feet. 23,000 feet is like, like the safe zone. They'll come and get the white people out and then the sharpers are like, oh, we're gonna walk down. We're good. They'll, they'll hang out for like seven days up there. And then I just heard a documentary about it or saw a podcast. But those guys can are so fucking good at it. Also, they're so adapted to that climate.


Yeah. They live up there that the, the adaption is a big part of it. Right. Because it takes a long time to be able to adapt to that low of an altitude or high of an altitude rather. Look what they, They're Carrying out kept carrying that shit on his back. That is crazy, bro. I walk around with a 45 pound plate and I, I complain. Holy shit. That's so much shit. That guy must have legs of steel. How how bad is his lower back Though? I bet they all smoke. I bet they smoke like a chimney. Yeah. Do they smoke? Do Sherpa smoke? I just saw a documentary on Netflix about the earthquake in Look At him. Look at smoking. Eric Shipton. Look at that guy.


That's one of them early explorer type fellas. Click on that dude with the pipe. Yeah. Look at that guy back in the day, man. No fucking internet. These guys had heard about it. They heard about it, You know. Yeah. And we're gonna go, they probably saw a photo that one person took, You know, I mean back then, You know how many fucking people had photos. The, the guy who figured out the height in like, what fucking 30 in like turn of the century was a Indian guy or you know, Nepalese. He figured out the height and he was within 30 feet of being correct just from distance doing math. Wow. He was in 30 feet after satellite images came in. Look at this E Everest pioneers packed 15,000 cigarettes. Holy shit.


Despite low oxygen. I bet they thought it was good for their lungs. Well people used to think that it was like an exercise for your lungs. They did that with Teddy Roosevelt. Teddy Roosevelt's dad. Teddy Roosevelt had asthma. That's right. And his dad would make him smoke cigars with him in his lounge. He's like, it'll strengthen your lungs. Yeah. I saw something like that where a doctor, And it was like an old timey movie. God, who was it? Who was it? I think he was Leonardo DiCaprio. Like who did Leonardo DiCaprio play in a movie? He played some famous wealthy guy, Howard Hughes. That's right. And I think it was when Howard Hughes was young, he had bad lungs and his doctor was prescribing cigarettes to him.


God, I hope I'm not remembering this wrong. I may be, but I know that they used to, some doctors would recommend cigarettes to certain people that have certain lung issues. Yeah. Which is So crazy. I was the exact Opposite. They were so bad. Oh dude. How bad was going to the doctor back then? Oh, they were just guessing. I mean, not just guessing but guessing So wrong. I asked my dad about the polio vaccine and I go, did they have to run it by your parents? He goes, parents, they just took us into the gym and stuck everyone. Yeah. I mean they just were like, yo, this, we think this works. What was the con? There's a controversy yesterday when there was some sort of a hearing on whether or not they should ban sugar and, and candy from school lunches, whether they should discourage sugar and candy.


And it was something like the American Heart Association voted to not restrict the diets of kids. And everybody was like, what? What's going on? Like, let me get this right because I, I was supposed to save this and I was on the phone and I I I didn't see if you can find it, Jamie, but it was a conversation that was happening yesterday And it was being shared on the internet where people were freaking out. Like, and You're talking about school lunches. Not like what your parents, I don't remember correctly. Unfortunately There were restrictions. I don't wanna, if I'm not mistaken, there were restrictions on what we could give our kids to school. Really? You couldn't just give them everything. You couldn't couldn't Couldn Just give them Candy. Couldn't give 'em candy. Yeah. Here it is.


Trump officials wanna ban junk food from Snap, but past effort show. It's not easy. No, that's not it. It's only thing coming up. That's the only thing coming up. Yeah. It has to do With this. But I don't know what's I'm Trying to figure out. There was a video, oh God, I wanna say it was a Supplemental nutrition assistance Program. Yeah. That, that's, I think that's the push. But there was resistance to it that I thought was crazy. God dammit. I know. I see it. The Heart Association right Here. Is that it? It's the same thing as Texas Snap. Okay. This is it. American Heart Association opposes the snap's. Sugary food drink regulations. That's what it is. American Heart Association opposes a Texas bill that would restrict using SNAP benefits to purchase sugary drinks and process snacks.


Critics question of corporate funding influences the American Health Association's policies. The ah, a's opposition has sparked criticism over its history of receiving funding from major food companies like PepsiCo and Coca-Cola raising concerns about conflicts of interest. An a HA spokesperson said their position on the Texas legislation was miscommunicated. They say the organization has long favored the USDA using its authority to increase the consumption of healthy foods and decreased consumption of sugary drinks. So they changed their opinion probably based on controversy. Hmm. Okay. I often say, look at this during the hearing, lawmakers and public health advocates voice their opinions.


State Senator Lois Cohor expressed shock over a ha's opposition during the hearing. I often say that I can never be surprised in this building, but for the American Heart Association to be against this bill, that might be the surprise of the session so far. That sounds weird that they would, that would, I mean, it doesn't even make sense. That's obviously not good for you. No. Like why would they encourage that or change it? Like what would be their, I forget what their argument was. Is Like a classist argument? I don't know. Is it because it seems like a classist thing when you go to Whole Foods. It's different than going to Ralph's or Vaughan's.


This is what it says. Plenty testified. The a HA was concerned about the Bill's potential impact on Snap participation. He also emphasized the importance of educating the public about healthy eating instead of restricting purchases. See, but that seems weird. Like what better way to encourage healthy eating than say you're not gonna starve you. You can get food. Yeah, but you can't buy shit. You can go buy, but where Does this hamburgers You? But Where does this line draw the line? I, I'm just thinking like the other day I was in, I was in traffic and I thought, I can't believe they, they still let people ride motorcycles because people die All the time and they drive and they cut lane. But Dying cars Too. Yeah, but but in motorcycles, like, I'm getting one and my wife's like, that's how you're, you are getting one.


Oh yeah. Fuck yeah. Why are you doing that? Because Harley reached out. Oh, don't. And they were like, come on buddy. You not In California buddy. Dude, Just for late night Drive out here. Late night, late night's when the crackheads were Out. I'll, I'll tell you what, I'll leave it here. If I can leave at your studio. Yeah, leave it here. And then this will be my Austin bike. I'm Coming out Austin, another bike coming. An Austin bike and a fucking This motherfucker. Yeah, you can Park here. I'm coming out to Austin for like two, two weeks in June. Nice. Get ready for my tour. Your kids Have left the nest. My dude. Time to bail my brother buddy. I'm living with one person every day all fucking day. Wild. I know. We do everything together. Come over Here. Come here. You don't need to be in that bullshit state. The, there's no need for that anymore. The mother Mothership just such a great Sell your fucking house's.


Such A great place to do standup. It's such a great vibe right there, right Now. It's a great place to hang. No Dude, it's fun. I went over there after our party on, by Southwest south by, and just got fucking lit by Tony Shane. It's a fun place man. Called it called it early, but I, I told Leanne, I said, I'm gonna do like a week in Oxnard. Do I was gonna do a little run on my tour bus. I said I'm, I think I'm gonna take my tour bus to Austin, just stay here for like a week, two Weeks. It's a good place to fuck around and do new stuff too. It is. Especially in the little room. That little room is just, oh, I can't tell you how valuable it is to have phones and yo yonder pouches, Comedy store's doing that now. Yeah. Peter Shore told me. Really? Yeah, I was so weeks ago. That is amazing. Really?


I don't, no, I don't think so. He was, this was two weeks ago. Maybe it was longer. I don't know. Last time I was there I said some wild shit. Oh No. Wanna get out? I dunno. You can't practice, you can't fucking, you be able to practice and it's the part of practice. It's the snitches that want you to say, it's almost like it's the fucking cunts that you, They can't help it. 'cause you can get so many likes. Yeah. And I'm like, bitch, you want this comedy. Right. But if, if you put something, if you say something wild on stage and it's funny and they laugh, You can take that and put it on your Instagram and you'll get 2 million views and that's just too tempting for people. Oh, we bust people with those meta glasses. Yeah. They try to come in with their fucking ray bands on and film things those meta glasses are amazing.


My friend Jimmy, who works for the UFC, had 'em on the other day upon arrival at the venue, all phones secured in yonder bags. Is this the store? Yes. Comedy store. December 10th. Yep. 2024. Oh, Wow. Nice. Oh, I Guess so. He just forgot. Or maybe it was a comic who had his phone out. Some comic three down the river. Fucking That happens. Oh, there's a lot of Cty comics. Especially like, There's a lot of Cunty comics. I'm starting to think that's all they got. No buddy. Do you ever, do you ever, Hey Joe, do you ever, do you ever, this is what makes me crazy. What makes you crazy? Burt. Er, Do you ever be friends with someone and then all of a sudden realize you've been competing the whole time, but you didn't know you were in a competition?


Yeah. That's unfortunate. That's unfortunate. Inspired by is a better way to look at life. Competing is just not good For you. I've never once competed with another comic. I've been inspired by so many fucking comics. That's good. You have a healthy mindset. But I think our whole group has a healthy mindset. You know? I think so. Yeah. We don't have any cunts. We don't have any jealous, bitter cunts in, in the group of people that we're hanging with. I mean, I, that's so important. I hung With Chappelle one night and he just called, I was in Dayton. He was like, yeah, why don't you come out? We'll party. And I was like, cool. And then we went out and partied and I, you know, I kind of forget what a fan I am of his, of like, how, just how great he is. I mean, his kicker in the pussy joke might be one of my favorite jokes ever that's ever been written.


It's so fucking dope. No, he's a great comic, but he's a great human. He's a great Human. He's a fun hang. Like, he's a genuine sweetheart of a guy. I was with him right before I shot the special, and I said to him, and we're fucking lit, right? And I go, yo, Dave, I don't want to fucking, I go, I don't wanna talk shop. I just wanna hang. But I gotta say, you're the greatest ever do it. I'm getting ready to shoot my special. I just would love a little bit of your insight of what you think, like how you prepare for one. Mm. She pe lights a cigarette and he's like, all right, how many shows? I said, six. He goes, perfect. He goes, and then he breaks down. I'm not gonna do it. 'cause it's Dave's secret. It's Dave's thing he shared. I don't want to, but he broke down how he does a special to me, me and him sitting in a fucking, in a barn in the middle of a field in fucking three in the morning with IVs in our arms.


And I was like, I was like, dude, I gave him a hug. I was like, he's just saying he's the fucking greatest. Him and Kat Williams. Two of the baddest motherfuckers and the sweetest guys. But I was like, that, that energy, like I have no, I want, I want Chappelle's special to be fucking amazing when it comes out. It will be, you know, everyone's telling me how great Schultz is. Special is. I can't wait to fucking watch it. Yeah. But you have a good attitude. That's a good attitude. That's how you're supposed to think. That's How I, that's that's how I think. But it's Not, it's the other way is not good for you. Lemme see that thing about it is the other way is you want another one. You want a new one? Yeah. I'll take a new one. The other way is bad for you as a human. Yeah. It's, it's not healthy to think that way. It doesn't do you any good.


It only serves you to get fucked up. It's, it only serves your, your ego and your bullshit. You got the clippers. Yeah. In the back. There You go. Fuck ego man. It's Just not good for you. It doesn't help you. It only hurts you. It doesn't hurt the person that you're jealous of and it hurts you. It's just, it's not necessary. You could, you could just be inspired and you could say, oh, this fucking mutt can make it. You can say that. I can do it too. But don't be jealous if you don't like someone and they're becoming very successful. Maybe think why you react so strongly. 'cause a lot of times it's unfortunately jealousy. Like there's comics that I don't think they're very, very good.


They don't make me laugh, but I don't care. I don't get mad at them. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I don't get upset at them. They, I mean, I'll be friends with them. I'll be I'll like them. I'll, you know, there's comics that I, and I had to learn how to do that. 'cause it used to be like, if guys weren't funny, I just couldn't deal with them, couldn't hang out with them. I'm friends with a few people that suck, but they're nice people. You know, you can separate that. But I'm also friends with some people that are mind blowing, You know? And there's such a value in that. You know, when you're around people that are like really good at what they do when you're around Dave and Schultz is my favorite for going to a place and then talking shit about the place in such a brilliant way.


I, I think Schultz is fucking brilliant. He, He's so good. Dude. The whole shit with Kendrick Lamar, I, I was getting in the shower, reading it, texting him. I'm sitting outside the shower texting him my favorite lines. The only thing he has to desu do is decide if it's consensual. That was crazy. I, But I fucking, but I get inspired by motherfuckers like that. He's a funny dude, man. And the thing he did, did you ever see the thing he did about Hawaii? No. Oh my God, it's so funny. He's in Hawaii. He goes, he starts to set up. He goes, I've never seen chickens more confident. He has a so bit about chickens in Hawaii. Like just wandered.


It's, it's just, it's such a funny bit. Yeah, it's so if you've been to Hawaii, you know it's chickens all over the fucking place. It's kind of crazy. Do you Know who else does that? Tommy. Oh yeah. Tommy. Tommy Shits on a place so aggressively and they love it. Yeah. Like he did Dublin one year and like, same way we both did it. And he goes, is it fun? I said, I had the best time of my life. He goes up and it's the day the king gets coordinated, coordinated. And he goes out, first words, he is like, fuck your king. And the play starts going, Ole Tommy didn't know if they were gonna stop singing. We did a, a show in Hawaii. And he goes at Pearl Harbor and they're like, alright. Tommy opens the show. He goes, they're like, first rule, don't make fun of the Hawaiians second rule.


Do not bring up Pearl Harbor first and second joke. First joke, man. They say Island live slow. I didn't know they were talking about your metabolism, man. You guys are fat as fuck. I was taking a walk. I don't wanna be as fat as you guys. I got lost on the base. Lucky there are a couple Japanese guys that are pretty familiar with where, how this base operates. The fuck, me and Russell Peters are crying, laughing. The admiral's losing is mind. God damnit. What did I fucking tell him? That's hilarious. And they think they could tell you what not to talk about. Oh, they, I, we, I have an offer to do Dubai. Don't Thank you. You're gonna fuck up. Thank you. You're gonna say something stupid. That's what, yeah. And they're gonna put you in jail. Thank You. Yeah. They arrest people over there. I know you can't play games.


Dubai, did you see that one lady who went crazy at the airport for it? No. Yeah, she got a little, little rowdy. Yeah. At the airport and started yelling at people. And they're like, that's a wrap. You're gonna jail, dude. They'll fuck around over there, man. I have a friend who moved there, my friend Will. And he's a documentary filmmaker and he said like, it's so safe over here. He goes, that's what I love about it. He goes, when I was in America, I was like, you go out at night, you're at a club, you're always worried. Someone's gonna pull a gun out, something's gonna happen. He goes there, there's nothing. Yeah, no crime. But, but there's our, it's like Singapore. There's crazy rules. Right? But What would you, and if you've done All the rules, It's the real good question. Would you rather have a little bit of danger and very little rules, or would you rather have no danger and a lot of rules.


I want a little danger and a little rule. I agree. Yeah. I don't wanna live in a place where they restrict what you could say And what you do. And It's not even that. They said to me in the contract, we signed up to do I do a tour start in October. Permission to party. Permission to party is the name of the fucking tour. Mm. Permission to party. And they go, what about Dubai? I go, I don't think they're gonna gimme permission. I think they're gonna, the first thing was you have to wear a shirt on stage. And I was like, yeah, that's a wrap. I go, Hey man, that's crazy. It's kind of my thing. Like, yeah, that's crazy. I'm comfortable shirtless. That's how I, that's how I perform. That's so crazy. It's like you can't wear no shirt. I was like, okay, you guys have crazy rules. Those rules don't make sense. Yeah. Like what about Cirque de Sole?


They have to have they wear shirts? They do. I don't know. They do. I'm making that up. Like what about MMA? How come they have MMA over there? How can they have MMA? That's what I'm saying. Are they performing with no shirts on? Yeah. Are you gonna make guys wear fucking wetsuits? What? What are you gonna, what are you, What are they Gonna Wear now? By the way, that's the same argument I said as I got kicked out of a Buffalo Wild Wings with my shirt off. And they're like, put your shirt on. I go, the guys on MMA aren't wearing fucking shirts. Yeah. That's different. It's A Little different. That's different. They're doing it in a sport. But the point is like, if you're performing, that's part of your performance. It's like, you know how there's rules in la Like if you performed on stage, you're allowed to smoke cigarettes. Yeah. It's a part of your performance. So like Chappelle was always lighting up even after the rules and everybody's like, Hey, how come he can smoke?


'cause it was like in the nineties that they passed the laws where you're not allowed to smoke in Comedy clips anymore. Do you remember that? Yeah. It was, if it was part of your act, you smoke. That's how Ron White smoked cigars on stage. Right. But it was a, there was a law before that you were allowed to smoke in bars. I remember doing standup when you could smoke at the Boston Comedy Club. Yeah. And buddy, do you remember, do you remember the last stop in Houston? Oh yeah. That place. There were so many cigarettes. Oh yeah. You would come out with a cough. Yeah. It was the, the air was filled with smoke. Smoke. Your Jeans would smell. Oh yeah. You always smelled, I always, always come home from a club back in the, the nineties and I'd smell my clothes. They all, they always smell like cigarettes. But you got used to like the Smoky Room. It was like, part of the thing about a comedy club is like when people smoke cigarettes, they're doing something really stupid.


Yeah. You know what I mean? And like doing something really stupid. Say, fuck it, there's so much. Fuck it in a cigarette. And there's fuck it in a drink. And there's fuck it in this guy talking shit on stage. I sucked his own dick. Ah, it like led to the atmosphere. It's, remember I loved it in pool halls too. I love, I loved the being around the smokers, even if I didn't wanna have anything to do with It. Do you remember the comics that would smoke on stage and then they'd go and do The Tonight Show and they didn't know what to do with the right hand. Oh yeah. There was that. Right. Well, back in the Tonight Show, the early days I was watching the other day, I was watching Jackie Gleason on the Tonight Show. And it was the only time I think he was ever on the Tonight Show, which is kind of crazy. But they were just, he sat there immediately lights a cigarette. By the way, he was dead two years later.


Yeah. He died of cancer in 87. Google that Johnny Carson had a little cigarette box. Yeah. So this is, that's his, those Are his cigarettes right there. His little cigarette box Immediately when he sits down. Well, Carson also Died. How fucking great does that feel? Carson also died of cancer. Yeah. Look at that. Just sitting there. How sweet it is. How sweet it Is. That's what he said right there. He did, he makes him say it. He did smoke in the Bandit and they offered him points on the movie and he said, I'll take cash. Whoops. I know. Damn. I saw the sexiest thing in Palm Springs the other day.


White Cadillac. Was it That lady playing golf? No. White li white Cadillac. 75-year-old woman hair done little cough windows up white big Cadillac. She puts a 100 cigarette windows up and lights it in her car. Just windows up. And I went fucking old school. Wow. I dunno you, when was the last time you saw someone smoke a cigarette in the car with up? I be, that Lady's never been vaccinated. She's never gonna get cancer. She's never dying. She's never fucking dying. She's got them old school Pioneer jeans. Did you ever hear the story about Johnny Carson almost got killed by the guy in the mob? Oh yeah. Yeah. What was that about? I he, it was a, it was a, did He make a mob joke or something? No, he, Frank Sinatra had to negotiate.


Yeah. His safety. What was it about Johnny Carson was at a bar drunk and the mobster's girl was there and the mobster was in the back and Johnny Carson hid on the mobster's girl and like smacked her ass or lifted her skirt up. Oh no. And they were like, we're gonna kill him. And they went out and he hid and then he went out and they're like, no, we have a hit on him. He's gonna die. And Frank Sinatra had to negotiate it. Whoa. Someone just told, you know who told it to me? God damnit. Who? Oh, SHA Bitch. I'm not Fletcher Comedy Store. Comic White Hair did the Tonight Show 120 times. You know him. Argus Argus. I think it was Argus told me that story.


That makes sense. Yeah. Argus Old School. Yeah. Argus is a funny dude. Man. Argus is fucking great, man. He's Like very underrated, unidentified wise. Guy in his goons picked Carson up off his bar stool and threw him down a flight of stairs before fame. Salu Saloon owner Jill Rizzo, whose reg regulars included Sinatra, Dean Martin, and Judy Garland interceded and prevented a more serious beat down. But the mob big wasn't satisfied and put out a contract to have Carson whacked terrified Carson wisely holed up in his Un Plaza palace for three days, mix missing three shows. According to the book, the Vengeful mobsters only backed off after one of Carson's contacts at the William Morris Agency.


Cut a crime deal, cut a deal with Crime Boss Joseph Colombo. Holy Shit. What? Oh, the American Civil Rights League. Oh yeah. The Mob Boss had recently formed the Italian American Civil Rights League to persuade America that a group, the people of Italian descent were being unfairly stereotyped as mafiosi. That's hilarious. The group is planning for a big rally. And Colombo was deeply, deeply disappointed that so far All the networks have refused to cover the rally sooner. An accommodation was reached. NBC news covered the rally and Johnny could leave the apartment. Wow. Yeah. As for Colombo, he was gunned down in 1971 at the second annual Italian Unity Day rally in Columbus Circle.


He was left almost totally paralyzed and died in holy shit. 1978. Holy shit. That was the last of the rallies. So they, they, so he developed, I know there's a way around this. No one's paying attention to Italian American Civil Liberties rally. They're making us look like thugs. Like we're gonna shoot each other in a rally, bro. God damn. Those were scary days, man. Those were scary, scary days. But that was the way there's a story about the store. 'cause the store used to be Cyros nightclub. Yeah. So Bugsy Siegel owned Cyros. Did you know that? I knew that. I didn't know that Bugsy Siegel owned it. Yes, it was Bugsy Sal owned Cyros nightclub.


And that place was scary. Apparently. That's why all those people see ghosts in that spot. Bad shit happened there. 100%. 100% bad shit. You got a mob owned nightclub. People are getting shot. I mean, people got shot at the Comedy store when we were there. We, a Guy got murdered on the fucking front patio was a gang Hit. Oh, during like mo Better Mondays or something. Rose was there when it happened. Rose saw the guy die. Oh shit. That's, that's, I've always, yeah, that place has always attracted crazy people. That place is always, I, I think there's an energy to that place probably because of the gang history that just made it like extra wild and dangerous.


Just always felt like anything can happen in that place. I think there's like baked in memories. Like there's photos of like Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis on stage there. That place was like, that was the spot. Like that was the spot in la and the mob would all be there and they'd fucking do deals and whack people and take people down the basement and fucking kill 'em. I, I tho that's out of All the scariness of movies, the scariest part of any movie is when those mob movies where they say to the guy, Hey, Johnny wants to talk to you tonight. Yeah. And the guy's like, tell Johnny I'll call him tomorrow. And he's like, no. He said to get in the car now. Yeah. And the guy goes, well, I'll take my car. He goes, no, no, you're gonna get in the car with us And you know That guy's gonna die.


He's Gonna die. And looks at his friend, takes off his ring. Yeah. Gives it to him. And I, I, I don't know. I'm such a bitch that if in those moments I'd be like, no, I don't wanna go and just start running. Or like, when you see in the war movies, when you, when you see like in what was the 1, 9, 19, 17, when they tell those two kids, they gotta run and go tell the front line what to do. Oh yeah. Is that 1917? I don't know if it's not. It's All quite on the western front. Like my, my grandfather stormed the beaches of Normandy. Really? Yeah. And and did you Ever talk To him about it? No, he died way before I was born. Holy shit. He, he was one of those PTSD Levitt Town cat guys. Whoa. Moved to Levittown. And my dad said he just would sit in the garage, drink beers and listen to met games and just wash his car.


Oh my, my dad said he never heard his dad ever mention the war. And if the Boer was brought up, his dad would walk outta the room. Oh Jesus. But he stormed the beaches in Normandy. And I, I, I don't know, I don't know if I have the thing in me to get off the boat. I think I'm a bitch. I think I'd be like, I'd lock down. I'd be like, I'm not getting off. Like I, when you look at like, guys like Jocko, I think You had to get off that boat buddy. I don't think you got a choice. And I think when your friends are running off that boat, you run off that boat too and guys are getting gunned down. You just hope it's not you. And you're probably just shitting your pants. Shitting my pants. And, and that, that one day, like how many thousands of people died?


Thousands and thousands of people died. Just bullets and guns going off everywhere. Like that's that fucking movie. The Semi-private Ryan. Yes. Spielberg nailed that movie. Yeah. That opening scene was so fucking horrific that you'd never seen a scene like that in a war movie that accurately depicts people getting torn apart right in front of you. Oh, my dad found his dad's diary from the war. Oh. And he photocopied it and sent me the photocopy. My dad has the diary. Oh. And it's funny because, you know, I I'm, my memory is like jaded to how I find things interesting. So sometimes it's not a hundred percent accurate, but if in in there there was a memory of like, they took one of these like KBOs, I think or KBOs across the fucking Atlantic over to England.


Barely got, had time to get off the boat. Stayed in England for a second. I think they, I wanna say they stayed on the boat the whole time and then took that same boat over to, or they probably took different boats, but took a boat over to Normandy. And my dad's, my grandfather's entry is something to the effect of we're going to this, we're storming this beach today. Like they didn't, I don't think he knew the, like what the, the levity of, or the seriousness of what was happening. I think they were like, like he just very casually mentioned it. Oh God. And the only other thing I remember out of reading that diary was that he would, he would get water in his helmet. It was so cold. He'd get water in his helmet to shave. And by the time he went to shave, he had to break the, it would freeze over with ice and he had to break it with his razor.


But to think that that, I mean, just the amount of trauma that those guys went through, and no one really cared about it. They were like, just have a, have a fucking shot. A scotch. And that was the second time the world had gone to war. The world had gone to war just a couple of decades earlier. Dude, can I tell you what fucking makes me like, makes me stop for a second. When we were in Serbia, they have statues of Gabrielle, PRP everywhere. He's the guy that shot Fran. Fran Ferdinand the Archduke. Oh yeah. They have statues of him everywhere. He's a fucking national hero in Serbia. 'cause he technically created Yugoslavia. I mean, people have, they wear shirts of Gabrielle Pritz.


Wow. They have wallets. So this guy, movie producer, he Started World War I, he started, he changed the world forever. That one man is responsible for millions of deaths and, and, and so much suffering. That one man isn't That crazy? And they have statues of this dude Statues everywhere. Dude, I, some guy, I got obsessed with it because I was like, I can't believe you guys, like, we call, we consider that a terrorist in our country. Oh my god. And this one guy gave me a That's So crazy. They gave me a look At that writing. How cool is that writing? Go back to that. Look at the fucking writing at the bottom. Look how cool that is. Can you read that? Yeah. It's really, it's, I think it's, it's Russian, it's acrylic or whatever. It's lic.


You can read that. Yeah. For real. You can read Russian. Yeah. I never told you All the time about to Russia. You did. But I didn't know you could learn. I didn't know you learned how to read it. I thought it was really hard to read. I just, I just met this dj, very big dj, DJ z. He's, if I played you any of his songs, you've heard every one of them. Right? Okay. And we met him at, I was with Santino, we were at a tennis tournament and I said, wait, where's your accent from? And he goes, oh, I'm Russian. I said, and he goes, I was like, and we started talking to Russian back and forth. How long did it take you to learn that? Oh, as long as I was there. I got pretty good towards the end. How Long were you there for? Like Month and a half. Three months. That's It. Yeah. That's incredible. Two months maybe. Do you have a hidden skill? No. No. A hidden ability to like learn languages.


No, I don't. I can speak Spanish. I just told you the same, the same Uber drivers picked me up six times in the stall. Doesn't speak English. How'd you learn how to speak Spanish? I just grown Up in Florida. Really? Yeah. You might have like a secret language ability. No. Anyone that just heard me, that's me. Talk in Russian. That's pretty. Just knows that I'm barely, I don't even sound good. Yeah, But you could sa I I took Italian in college. I can't fucking speak Italian. Yeah. I took Spanish in high school. I can't speak Spanish. No, I, yeah, I can understand Russian a lot better than I can speak it. Yeah, you might have like a hidden ability to learn Languages. And I can understand Spanish a lot better than I can speak it. But like we, I was just in Spain. I was just in Spain a week ago and apparently my Spanish, it sounds like me need ice Me Ice.


At least you can say something. Yeah, You can communicate. Something's popping off in Serbia right now. Like one of the largest protests ever is happening in Serbia right now. For real. There's 300 plus thousand people on the streets. So it's a complicated country. And I love Serbia. I love Serbia. I don't know what's going on. I have no idea what, what this protest is about. I just saw it in the newsfeed, popped up, record size protest to Serbia. Deaths over 15 people dying in a rain way. Excuse me. Railway station collapse. So what are they, what are they? It's hundreds of thousands of people descendant on Serbia's capital to protest over the deaths. Well, I'm not sure. Huh? So was it like some corruption or something like some shitty construction?


Like what happened? We quote, we just want a country that works. Law student says, Wow. So hundreds of thousands of people in the, in the streets. 'cause a rail station cor collapsed. That's Why it says on B, B, C. I'm looking to see if it make interesting more insight. They don't take any shit over there. Dude. Figure it out bitch. They We're get in the street. It's fascinating. They, I mean, listen, I understand. If you're serving, you're listening, you may disagree with what I'm about to say. I'm just gonna say it. They fucking hate Albanians. Oh no. They make Albanian jokes like crazy. Right? Really? So one day we're on the set and I said, one of the guys, I go, Hey man, like I I'm, I'm not like a woke dude. It's a funny joke, but like, what if there's an Albanian here that like heard that wouldn't and hurt their feelings?


And he goes, oh, he'd know to be smart enough to keep his fucking mouth shut. And I went, all right, nevermind. The only Albanian they like is Dua Lipa. They love Dua Lipa. They, I know I general rising and I know there's Serbians that are like, we don't hate 'em all, but they all know how to play basketball. They're all tough as fucking shit. Every dude's a fucking man. You don't meet one dude that you don't think is a cage fighter, Bro. These war torn countries are not playing games, bro. They, they breed different humans. And that's when, when those guys come over to the UFC, like they're, they're different humans. They had, they had a, and now mind you, I gotta guess the Serbians that I was hanging out with, and one of them was my driver.


But like, they had a chant for their president, for the, like when their president, they would chant out the other guy And it was like, he is venie, he's a faggot. East nicci. I was like, Christ, such a fucking, I just, I don't know man. There's something, there's something really interesting about that freedom that they had there. That they just talked openly. And like, they take a cigarette break and like the girls would sit down and cuddle up next to a dude that they weren't dating. They just touchy like that. Like they don't have, like, there's no like intimacy counselor on set. They were just, I remember watching one of the girls sit and have a cigarette with one of the dudes and they were like just cuddling against the wall. And I was like, are they dating?


And they're like, no, they're just friends. Look at that shit. That's Serbian basketball baby, Bro. Bro, that's war. That's war. How long before these guys take over basketball? Oh, buddy and a half. Give them another year. Yeah. They kind of Have, they, yeah, they're taking over MMA they're taking over Boxing Lu at Don Chester. And yo dude, Everyone plays basketball. The j the girls play basketball there. Jesus Christ. No one jogs. I was the only one jogging every morning. Every morning I jogged by myself. They're fucking farmers carrying weights around.


They're Fucking, they're ba those men are beasts. I, you'd I'd go to the mall. It was like the nicest place to Go, bro. That is the most terrifying basketball game I've ever seen in my life. If I was imagine like showing an American basketball crowd what they do in Serbia, you'd be like, oh no, they're coming. Wouldn't it be, wouldn't it be great to watch a Serbian team play like one of those inner city teams where look At this, gimme some volume. Look at that, look at that. Holy shit.


That kind of, that's like fight night intensity. That's, That's, that's Texas fucking high school football. Right, right, right. We used to play, we used to play a black team growing up. It was like Booker t Washington. And you would, you would, they would come in, we'd play basketball and the visiting stands would be packed. I can't remember the exact name of the team, but they'd be packed. And their thing was, boom, we thump boom, boom, we thump and the whole fucking crowd. And we were like just a bunch of white kids. We had no chance. We had, we had no chance. I've got spirit. Yes I do. I've got Spirit. How about you? And they'd be like, suck out dicks. It, it, I but that energy, that high school, black inner city energy with some HBCU cheerleaders. You ever seen the HBCU cheerleaders?


Yes, I have. They're my fucking favorite. Versus a Serbian. Just fucking no deodorant. Just God. Man. I miss Serbia. When those folks start entering into other sports, when people from like hard environments start entering sports like this, the scariest guy in the UFC or one of the scariest is from Chechnya. Chenia. Yeah. That's, that's, that's war torn dude. This this guy is a fucking Hamza Shamaya. He is a fucking animal. Have you ever seen that guy fight Ham Hamza ho? No. Hamza Shamaya. Pull up Hamza Shamaya versus Kevin Holland.


So Hamza Hamza Chamaya is the number one contender in the UFC's middleweight division. He's a fucking monster. And he's so aggressive, like relentlessly aggressive. He's known to get in fights like backstage and just an animal. And like in post-fight energy. He's like, I fucking killed them out. I killed Him out. Wait, did I just watch him drop weight today? Oh, you might've. He used to Fight where they shaved his head, they shaved his head to drop weight. No, I don't think so. Maybe I don't think so. But he just run, go from the right from the beginning because the very, this is the beginning of the fight. Watch how he storms Adam.


The, the amount of fucking grappling power you have to have to ragdoll Kevin Holland. Like, this is insane. Kevin Holland is a Brazilian juujitsu black belt under Travis Looter. I mean, he's a legit grapple. That's why he's surviving. And he scrambles is 'cause he is a legit black belt. What's He saying to him? They're talking shit. Kevin likes to talk shit. Where's a lip reader when you need one? I think Kevin's probably like, come on man, I thought we were gonna stand up. Why don't we fight? Why don't we fight the feet? He's probably trying to goat him into doing something stupid. Yeah. Kevin talks shit while you're hitting him. I mean, this is crazy grappling ability. Jesus, the way he rotates with him, and here it is.


Here's the darce. So he sinks up the choke and slides through, watches his right hand, his right hand's gonna reach forward and grab a hold of his bicep. Watch how this is when he sent. See, see it slides down. Yeah. When you, when the right hand. Right now it's still open, but when the right now it clamps. Now it's on the bicep. Oh Wow. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's the choke, the chokes fully locked in now and Kevin's fucked. God damn. He's totally fucked. And he's gonna have to tap and he eventually taps. But I mean, to tap a guy like Kevin Holland and not just tap him, but just have, he has no chance at any moment in the fight. It's just total grappling dominance. Look At that. He's a monster. Just a fucking monster. And like the most aggressive guy in the fucking sport, like right away charges.


And this is it. This is the end. Once he taps it. Oh my God. Yeah. He get, once he gets that leg over the top of the body, so he isolates the body and constricts deeper into the choke. He's he's stunned. Dude, I got choked. Unbelievable. I got choked out by my daughter Isla. Oh no. Yeah, we were on vacation. Were you Trying not to get choked out? No, I, she's You let her do it. She's a girl. So I thought she's talking shit. Eddie Bravos. Eddie Bravos got her private Jiujitsu lessons. So she's been taking Juujitsu in our fucking gym and she's, You know, she's dyslexic so she every, she can never name tell you the right move she's about to do. And we're on vacation and she goes, she goes, you can be easy, you can slow down there, big guy. I'll choke you out. And I was like, oh, you're gonna choke me out. She goes, she goes, it's easier to choke out big guys.


And I went, really? She goes, I find it easier. And I was like, okay. I was like, try to choke me out Joe. This little needle alarm went around my neck and I swear to God, what is she like 15 at the time? I just went, ah, I tapped. She was like, yeah, that's what I thought. I was like, my daughter. Whoa. That's what I thought. She said. That's what thought she talk shit. What I thought, dude disrespect. She did. She, she met Eddie Bravo. She met Eddie Bravo at our house one night. And you know, Eddie, me, Sam Tripoli, Eddie and I are lit, right? And we're in the kitchen. We had just done like a podcast. And Isla comes in, she's like, who's this guy? And I go, this is Eddie Bravo. She goes, okay. And she, I was like, he teaches Juujitsu. She goes, I wanna learn Juujitsu.


And Eddie goes, really? And she goes, yeah, a little bit of that. Ha Yeah. And Eddie goes, that's not Juujitsu. She goes, whatever it is, I wanna learn it. So he goes, all right, I'll set you up. And he got her this, this lady that came over to the house like three times a week. Oh Wow. That's amazing. Got max in the back. And Isla loved it. I loved it. Except she turned the, the Nest camera around so we couldn't watch her juujitsu lessons. Oh, that's funny. She was like, I don't wanna watch you, I don't want you to watch what I do. Oh, that's, I just funny. I wanna learn it. That's cool. Yeah, It was really cool. It's a very good thing for women to learn because jiujitsu allows you to defend yourself in a way that very few martial arts really do. Because you don't have to rely on the size of your hands hitting people And you know, and kicking people.


It's too hard. It's too hard to knock out a man. Like if you have small hands, if you're a woman, it's just like, you can just can't generate enough force for the most part. Unless you're like a unusually strong woman. Some women like, you know, you know, like there's a few, you know, like Holly hol, like you don't want Holly Hol punching you in the face. Amanda Nunez will knock you out cold. Yeah, a hundred percent. Even if you're a dude. But most women, they just don't have the power in their hands. But everyone has the power to carry your body around. Right. So your legs are really strong. If a woman gets her fucking legs locked around your neck and gets a triangle on you, you're a fucked dude. If she knows how to do juujitsu. Like your legs are carrying. If you weigh 130 pounds on, you're a woman, your legs are carrying 130 pounds all day long and they don't get tired and they're strong.


Yeah. So all you have to do is like, woo, lock that bitch in behind the knee, crack and pull on the head. And you're going to sleep dude. You're gonna sleep Dog. She could have, she could've put me to sleep. I bet she could've. Yeah. I've been fucking humiliating. There was a, a show that they used to have on Showtime with this dude who was a, he was a porn star and he had a show on Showtime and he had like a reality show. And in one of the episodes he was gonna do Jiujitsu with a woman. And so my friend Felicia. Felicia, oh who's a black belt under John Jacques Machado. She's a legit beast. And you know, she weighs 130 pounds maybe, maybe 1 35, maybe.


And she choked the fuck outta this dude, dude, multiple times. I don't even think she was a black belt at the time. She was probably a brown belt. Maybe she was a Black belt already. She was a black belt before me. But I used to train with her All the time. She's really, really good. And a dude didn't know what he's doing. He's going night night. It's amazing how many dudes Don't know what they're doing. Most people don't, most people it's too hard to learn. And you gotta get humiliated when you do learn, you know, you get, you get fucking humiliated. It's, it's, it's a brutal wake up call when you get strangled. Like and how easy it is for people to do it to you. Oh, you're so vulnerable when you're unconscious. Oh Well you're just so vulnerable when you do juujitsu against someone who's good at it.


Remember the first time I realized I was a white belt and I rolled with this kid who was a purple belt and he was my size and he just mauled me. And I remember thinking, this is crazy. Like, I can't believe I'm totally helpless. Like I thought I had this delusional idea, like I know how to fight. I'll fucking figure this out. Yeah. This ain't that big a deal. It's not that much different from TaeKwonDo or kickboxing like Delusional. I got strangled over and over again by everybody. But this one guy in particular, he just was murdering me. And I remember thinking, I gotta learn this. Like this is like really important to know. Like I didn't know how I was that vulnerable. Have You gotten choked unconscious? No. Never unconscious. I always tap. Oh, It's terrifying. It's terrifying. There You go. Tap.


It's terrifying. 'cause you, you got that moment where you're like, I definitely sparked out a couple of times really where I could see, I could see like the, the door was closing. You have to tap, you have like a second left before you go out, before you tap. You know when someone's got like a really good rear naked choke once it's locked in and they start to clamp down the pad, like you gotta fucking tap. You gotta tap. Especially in training, like it's stupid to not tap because you could really get hurt, especially if you get caught in an arm bar. Or worse is like a heel hook or a knee bar. Like you gotta tap immediately. You can't take a chance with ripping your joint apart. It's not worth it. Fuck that. And I had a lot of injuries from not tapping in time.


I had a bad Kimora injury on my elbow. My friend Brent caught me in a Kimora and I, I couldn't believe that he got it. I was like, 'cause I usually get him. And I was like, I am gonna get him. And then he got me, I'm like, oh my God, he got me. This motherfucker got me and I didn't want to tap and I was trying to work my way out of it and work my out. And eventually I had to tap and I was like, oh, I fucked my elbow up and I couldn't do chin-ups for like three months. Really? It was brutal. It was horrible. Every time I do a chin up, I would agony in my left elbow. Do you still roll? No. You, is that 'cause You're back? No, I want, I want to again, but I just like my, I've had a few aggravating injuries. I had some sciatica a while back, like real stiffness to the back. But you know what's really changed that a lot is stretching.


I've, I've spent like an hour and a half every night just stretching. Really? Yeah. Loosened everything up. And I realized like sometimes I go too hard and I don't give myself enough recovery. You know, I just, I push a little too far and then I ignore, like I had this back thing that was bothering me from archery and I just ignored it And it was just a muscle thing, so I wasn't worried about it. Wait, Where is it? Like right in the center of your back? Over The right? No, no. My right on the side. It's on the side by the hips, so I know. Oh, lower. Lower. Right. So I know it's, it's not worrying me like a spine thing. A spine thing. Worry me. Yeah. But this was inflamed and I just kept shooting the bow.


I just was like, shut up pussy. And I just, I pushed it to the point where it got kind of chronic and it bothered me for a while. It's much, much better now. But I'm being real careful to get it to a hundred percent before I think about doing anything. Like right now I can kick the bag again. I can do pretty much everything again. But it's one of those things where I'm still getting better. Like, So wait, when you say stretching, 'cause like I, after we did the, I did so much working out, I had a, a masseuse come in and like kind of test my flexibility 'cause I had some problems in my forearm and my, my shoulder can't go. Like, I can't get it past this and like, this one goes way. Do you have an injury? I don't know.


I have no fucking idea. I think I've, I think it's no recovery and no stretching. I mean no stretching. Well benchings rough on the elbows or the shoulders rather. Yeah. Bench benching can get rough. Especially if you bench heavy. Especially when you watch. Have you ever seen the dudes snap a fucking Oh yeah, I have seen that. Yeah. That's all. Yeah, I was thinking About it pops off and then you're fucked. You know Cody Rhodes? No, Cody Rhodes is the WWE champion. He's a Dusty Rhodes son. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. I I fucking tell him I'm doing the bench press competition and he goes, oh, I, I tore my peck at three 15. And I was like, that's the fucking bet. And he was like, oh, you don't even see it coming. Look at his peck. Oh Jesus Christ, It pop he goes, it felt like Velcro. You just started And he wrestled even though his peck was torn, he Wrestled animal.


What an animal. A to Torn peck animal. What a fucking animal He is a beast. Jesus Christ. That's crazy. Yeah, he did, we did go big show together. His dad was the best. Not wanna sell with a torn peck. These guys are animals, dude. Well, you know, it's when you're young, Well it's also like wrestling. It's like the culture, the pro wrestling culture. The culture is like you're gonna get battered. Like we're battering each other. That's just what It's more so in the past those guys really got fucked up. Oh Dude, you know, I've had a bunch of those guys in here. They tell me the stories. You know Hulk Hogan and fucking Jake the snake, like all these guys are animals, undertaker. And they All drank six packs after the show.


Everyone was snorting coke. They were going from town to town beating the fuck out of each other. How, How big, how much better do you think anabolic steroids are than testosterone For as far as like putting weight on and masks Way better. I mean, is it, is it so much more noticeable? Oh yeah. It's, it's completely Cheap. Have you ever done an anabolic steroid? Nothing serious. I've never done anything serious. I tried var once and I've done like some minor stuff. There was some stuff that I got that you used to be able to buy at the store. Used to be able to buy it from GNC, like a vitamin store. Really? They eventually pulled it off the market. I forget what it was called. I forget what it's called. But it was pills and holy shit did this work.


It was like legit steroids that you could buy at GNC When I was in college. You could buy GHB at GNC. That's Crazy. Yeah, because you'd, it would take a little cap full before you went to sleep and it would burn fat while you slept. Well Apparently I was reading about this, this conspiracy about GHB and about how safe GHB is in small doses and how good it is for you with sleep and recovery. But the problem is people would dump it in people's drinks and then it was like a date rape drug. Yeah. 'cause you just get, if you have a lot of it, you're out of it. You don't know what the fuck is going on. Yeah. And so then it became the date rape drug and then it just got pulled from the market. Or at least very difficult to get.


But yeah, I remember during the, those days when it was out, like bodybuilders would always talk about it. They were all taking GHB before they go to sleep and it like has some pro what is like Google what the conspiracy is about GHB. But it has some profound effects on recovery. Like puts you in deep sleep. Wow. And apparently at the right doses it's very safe. Really? Yeah. This, this doctor was explaining like what had led to it being demonized and like, but what the, the actual benefits of GHB are. Yeah. I I remember taking it in college. You took it well to party. We took It. First time I ever took it was on a rock in Greece in the middle of the ocean.


A rock in the middle of the ocean. You're The problem. Yeah. People like you. Well dude, it's, it was funny shit. What's do for you guy's? Like, he's like, I might wanna a liquid ecstasy. And I was like, sure. Liquid ecstasy. That's what he called it. And I found out later it was GHB Oh. But we, he had like a little dropper cap full and we all took a sip and all of a sudden you start blowing up a little bit used to do that. And there were like these other, these the store pills that you'd get. You took enough of those, you'd fucking feel it. Do You remember they used to sell salvia? They used to sell salvia. Yes. In like a head shop or they saw bongs. Yeah, salvia was like a super potent psychedelic. Oh, I still have nightmares of Ari's salvia trip.


Oh my god. We played it on the podcast for him and he explained it to us that he, he had a whole life under the sea. He had a whole relationship under the, I think he went to another dimension. That's what I think he said. He was there for months, had a whole life GBS mechanism of action has not been elucidated. It crosses the blood-brain barrier where it interferes with dopamine levels in a complex dose dependent way. Gbs relief of the symptoms of narcolepsy as believed to be mediated via these dopa dopaminergic dopaminergic effects. GHB facilitates deep slow wave sleep during which growth hormone release naturally increases.


Wow. This may explain why higher levels of growth hormone but detected after GHB administration. Yeah. That's why the bodybuilders would take it. There's a lot, well this, you know, this is Derek from more plates, more dates was on the podcast and he was explaining how making steroids illegal when they did that. They've stopped All the research and development that could have made those things very safe. So because they stopped doing any studies on them and they made them a ban substance, then everyone's just reliant upon the ones that are already in existence and no new ones have been developed. So All the steroids that people are taking are all steroids that have been developed a long, long time ago.


And he said it stifled the innovation and the ability to make better, safer ones that, You know, the problem is the idea of cheating in athletics. Right. And it is a real problem, you know, if someone is taking steroids, they have an advantage over people who don't take steroids. But if they could figure out a way to make them safe where they didn't completely fuck up your endocrine system, there should be an argument where if it makes you perform better but doesn't have a detrimental effect on you, then athletes should take it. Yes. But people don't like that idea because they don't want someone to have some massive advantage in any sort of a sport. It it also goes into like society, the, the, the demonizing of anyone on a semi glide.


Yeah. I mean people go, I mean people get shit on like, like I joke that Tom's on what's Ozempic All the time. I think he is, but Whatever you do think he is. Oh fuck Yeah. Really? When did Tom, when when have we ever known Tom to put in the hard work to lose the Weight? But he's been really disciplined. Where is he going anyway? You don't think so? No, I'm joking. No, you're fucking around. I'm fucking around a little bit. Little Bit. But not really. Not really. Not really. I might think he would do it. Not tell you. I don't Know really. His wife was on it. Interesting. Interesting. She got sick on it. She Overdose. So did Brian Simpson. Brian Simpson got real sick. So did Bobby Lee. Did you see Bobby Lee threw up on a video? It's fucking hysterical. Yeah folks just carnivore diet. Just Eat carnivore Diet, eat meat and eggs and you'll lose weight.


I guarantee you will. You feel great too. But it Is crazy how people, he was, this is when he was on Ozempic and they were trying to shoot a promo and he kept going, Santino, I don't feel good. And he's like, shut up Bobby. Let's just get It. So does he actually puke? Oh yeah. Oh, oh boy. Oh geez. Oh my God. Now I'm gagging. All right, Burres, let's wrap this pitch up. Joe, I love you to death. You the best. I love you to death man. Hey, Looking forward to hanging out with you while you're here. Permission of Party World Tour starts October 18th. Yep. Let's, I'm in Vegas this weekend and more importantly my special lucky Let's go lucky available right now Streaming. Right now I'm in Netflix. I hope you guys like it. Shirt it shirt matching pants. It's Escobar of you Shirt and matching pants.


Nice. Yeah, I really, I really stepped it up a Bit, Joe. I like it. I like the look. All right brother. Love you to death brother. I Love you To death. Thank you. Bye. Bye.