
Joe Rogan podcast, Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience Train by Day Joe Rogan podcast by night all day. You just said something that's like very important. You can't be dogmatic when you're talking about vaccines or about anything. Yes, it is good to keep an open mind, isn't it? And be flexible and look at a 360 degree view of things rather than your tunnel vision And what you're indoctrinated into, isn't it? Yeah. And especially if you know that that indoctrination has been on purpose and profitable. And you know, one of the great things about your book is first of all, your book's called Dissolving Illusions.


I know I've talked about on the podcast a a bunch of times, but you, you'll also highlight a lot of things that we know are beneficial that somehow or another get lumped into nonsense. Like even cinnamon, Like Yeah, cinnamon is a, is a powerful herb actually. And it's known to be helpful in glucose handling for a lot of diabetics, taking it in capsule form. Now, I noticed at the end of my nephrology career that a lot of my own patients were taking cinnamon capsules, but it's also has a lot of vitamin C in it. And I think that was probably one of the keys, a lot of those old remedies that we wrote about the magic in them probably was the vitamin C in them.


I dismissed all that stuff as total nonsense. I was like, all that's hippie nonsense. Like echinacea, like, get outta here, it's hippie nonsense, garlic, come on, get outta here. But then the more I've read things, especially like garlic is incredible for staph infections, for some reason it Is. And it doesn't be develop drug resistance, like a lot of the drugs that are engineered for it. Yeah. The hippies seemed to have got it right. I think, Well, it just, that, that whole idea of natural remedies is so just universally dismissed by non silly people. You know, when you say natural remedies, that's great. If you have a heart attack, go to a doctor.


Stupid. You know, that's generally people's to authority, right. But it's, the doctors should be recommending those things too. Like they're, they're good too. Like vitamin D, super important. You know, vitamin A, super important. And one of the things that you talked about in the book is that I think this is really important when you're talking about the measles vaccine. You were saying that either if you get an infection with measles, just a natural infection, or if you get the vaccine, you're still gonna get depleted of vitamin A. Like if you get vaccinated for the measles, you should be taking vitamin A as well. Your bodys gonna get depleted just by getting that shot.


They don't tell you that. No, they don't tell you anything. Just Tylenol, which actually makes the vaccine not work as well, in addition to causing all kinds of immunological disturbances at the time that you're supposed to be upregulating your immune system against this dreaded disease. Yeah. But one of the things about the, the recommended by the, you know, the white coats and the authorities is, is that they, the public believes that so many drugs and remedies are standardized that the conventional medical system gives out. And when you go to actually look at them, and this includes vaccines, even though they're standardized, meaning that the manufacturers are told what the regulation should be in terms of production, when people go and look at them, they find it's anything but standardized.


It's very variable, which is why we see such variability in the, and the results when people re receive them. That's only one reason why there's so much variability. And do you think it's the immunity to any legal consequences that has allowed them to sort of operate like this? Well, we certainly saw an explosion of their creativity since 1986. So 19, actually in 1986, you're, you're referring to the National Child Vaccine Injury Act that was passed in 1986, but before 1986, we had 1976, which was the swine flu vaccine fiasco. And that was, that was a situation where there was so much injury that the vaccine producing companies were no longer able to get insurance.


And so they went to the government and they said, we need you to indemnify us. And they did. And so the government absorbed All the lawsuit cases that happened as a result of the gillam beret that happened from then. And so that kind of set a precedent from 1986. So back then vaccines were just kind of, you know, pieces of microbe or maybe a live attenuated virus. And then they would put a background of all kinds of hard things inside of it and tell you it was just a clear, beautiful, pure solution. But that's beside the point. So then 1986 comes along, and because there's so many lawsuits happening because of the dip theory of pertussis tetanus vaccine, that again, the vaccine companies couldn't continue to go on the way they were because they were being sued so much. So then this, this horrible act was passed, which to some people seemed like a good idea.


And this is always how it goes, is we're gonna make you this promise. Yes, yes, yes. We're gonna, we're gonna cover All the lawsuits now out of taxes, but it's gonna be okay because we're gonna, we're gonna pay out these lawsuits and you're gonna be fine if you, if your kid takes one for the team, you're gonna be okay. And what happens is, after time, after they get their foot in the door, they narrow down the, they, they, they basically have a kangaroo court that decides if you're eligible. And so the qualification tables got narrowed down because in the beginning they were paying out so much of this. So not only did it make the vaccine companies very, very wealthy and indemnify, but as you alluded to just a minute ago, the creativity of the vaccine companies expanded. So after that, they could add different, what we call adjuvants, things that stimulate the immune system.


So the vaccine works better, then they start. That's why we're able to be in a messenger, RNA vaccine situation today, which, which that wouldn't have happened if it weren't for this indemnification that, you know, the vaccine trials have always been a bit of a joke, but they're even more of a joke today than they were in the beginning. You know, we've never seen a vaccinated unvaccinated study that's, that is accepted by the powers that be, as you know, good enough, the, the va, the vaccinated unvaccinated studies that they have, they use another vaccine for you probably know that. So if you're testing a measles vaccine, you know, you could test it against a diptheria vaccine or a flu shot vaccine is tested against a hepatitis A vaccine.


There's no saline placebo. Because the few studies that exist with saline placebos show how bad the vaccine actually is and how it makes you not only not respond to the disease disease when it comes around, but more susceptible to it in many cases. Have there been any instances where vaccines have been helpful? The question of the century, isn't it? Okay, now we have to back up a minute because I had that same question and I had to go dig deep to All the questions you have in your head right now. I had them too at one point. So here I am, a medical doctor working in the field, believing in pretty much everything I was told, giving hundreds if not thousands of vaccines out to my patients.


Hepatitis B vaccines in particular flu shots for sure. I was a nephrologist, kidney specialist in dialysis, et cetera. And initially, you know, we all kind of have an aversion to needles. I think it's a natural human aversion. So when we're kids, we don't, no one's going, oh, I wanna go get my vaccines. We're like, you know, okay, fine sore arm, you get over it. Most of us we're lucky enough to get over it. So by the time the first instance of a problem occurred in front of my eyes, I was already a fully seasoned professor of medicine, you know, working in a, in a tertiary care medical center. Okay? And so it, it's been a bit of a process because for me it was the influenza vaccines in 2008, 2009 that showed me, without a doubt, that vaccines can and do cause kidney failure and put people on dialysis.


That that does happen. It can cause hypertension. So we're not told to take a vaccine history in medical school. We're not told to even look there. It's not even part of, especially in adults. But when I did start looking there, I, I started to see more and more associations, let's just put it that way. And so first I had to go down the flu, the flu vaccine bunny trail. And every time I went down that flu vaccine bunny trail, guess what? I was asked, what about polio? Right? So I thought, all right, even though this has absolutely zero to do with polio, because I'm watching people crap out in front of me after influenza vaccines. Let's see about polio, because I knew very little about polio. Just like most people walking around out there do that, you know, it was invented by this guy named Jonas Salk, and it saved humanity.


We don't see this little crippled kids anymore. We don't have iron lungs anymore. Yay. Well, I would have to say that the polio bunny trail was the darkest one of all. And so after polio then became smallpox, and I thought, you know, know we still have people walking the earth that have experienced the polio years. So I, I kind of like to stick to polio because most of the smallpox, you know, people that would've been a would've been familiar with it or are off the planet, but there's still some doctors around that'll talk about smallpox. Like a guy named Thomas Mack, who's probably close to 90, who was kind of ground zero in the 1940s and knows a lot about it and still says, we shouldn't be vaccinating for smallpox today.


So then there was that, and then everyone and their dog was talking about autism, and I didn't really wanna have anything to do with autism because I was an adult doctor. I think we should break down step by step. Yeah. Like what about polio? Yeah, everything starts with good health.


That's why AG one is a great addition to any morning routine and why I've partnered with them for so long. One scoop once a day, simple research backed and designed to support your whole body health and it actually tastes great. You can forget juggling multiple pills and supplements. A one is a more in one solution that combines a multivitamin superior B complex, a blend of superfoods, and more and more importantly, a one prioritizes using nutrients that are already in their bioactive form. So your body can use them easily. Just mix it with cold water and you're set, no hassle, no guesswork. It's never too late to create a new healthy habit for 2025. So try ag one for yourself. And right now, AG one is offering new customers a free $76 gift. When you subscribe, you'll get a welcome kit, a bottle of D three, K two, and five free travel packs in your first box. So make sure you check out drink ag one.com/ Joe Rogan. That's drink ag one.com/ Joe Rogan.


Check it out because you said polio once, once we've breached that. 'cause that's the big one. Yeah, right. This is the one that everybody points to. We don't have cripple kids. Yeah. What, when you look at the historical timeline of, of polio, what do you think caused it to go to essentially not be a problem anymore? Okay. You, you don't think vaccinations had anything to do with that? Well, I also, it's not what I think because that's the thing. Like, look, when I got into this, I, right, I'm saying it the wrong way. Didn't say, oh, You know, I wanna argue that vaccines are great. I said, look, I don't care. I didn't have skin in the game, I didn't have vaccine injured kids. I couldn't have cared less about it and essentially accept that it was something in front of me and and didn't make sense.


So I thought wherever the truth falls, that's what I'm gonna talk about. So what I say is that I, I what what, what the facts line up to show you is that polio is still here. Polio is still alive and well, polio is called different things today. Whereas back in the 1940s, 1950s, the criteria for diagnosing polio were completely different to the year that the vaccine was introduced. The, the, the playing field, the goalpost, everything was changed. So that despite the fact that there was more paralytic polio in the years after that vaccine was introduced, they were able to show a complete cascading drop of paralytic polio simply because of the way they, they changed the definitions of what polio is And what could cause it.


And they started testing for the virus where before they would never test for the virus. And when they started testing for the virus later, what they would find that people had gure syndrome, they didn't have virus or they had Cox Aki virus or echo virus, or they were lead poisoned or mercury poisoned, which was the mercury and lead were the leading treatments of the day, including bloodletting. They were telling people to put, take your cigarette and put a little bit of arsenic in there. It's good for your lungs. Yeah. They were literally blowing smoke up people's butts like that. That's where the term comes from. 'cause there, if you wanna Google that now, you'll see that there's an instrument heard that that does. I've Heard that. Yeah. So, but yeah, the polio story, where to even begin.


And so there's about 70 pages and so that became my obsession. So when people said, what about polio? And I started digging this up, I went deep into it. Did you dive into pesticides? Yes. Yes. You have to dive into pesticides. Yeah. Because the tonnage of production of DDT absolutely mirrored the, the diagnosis for polio in the days and the countries that still make DDT today is where we're still seeing this paralytic polio situation happen. And also weren't the first cases, did they break out in a rural community? The first cases of polio, Yes. Very good. In the United States, paralytic, Polio, yes. It was out in the countryside. Well, and that was probably more because of the sheep and cow dipping. So arsenic, you'd have to look at arsenic, you have to look at the mercurials, you have to look at the calcium arsenate lead arsenate sprays that were put on trees.


But what you're talking about in particular, they would call the cow disease. They'd go out in the, in the family, when you would go to the house, they'd say, All the kids have the cow disease, what the cows had before. Well, what were they doing? They would have this trenches. You talk to farmers even today. Oh yeah. We had trenches. We would just walk 'em straight through and I'd be soaked with the stuff by the end of the day. Oh my God. Yeah. So they're basically soaking and bathing an arsenic, which is great for killing fleas and ticks. But it's not really great for keeping your nervous system happy. Because the fact of the matter is, and this again, I've got medical references, everything I can't get away with making stuff up. Okay? I have to put a reference for everything. But arsenic causes the exact same spinal pathology that, and fevers and everything.


It literally mimics what they were calling polio and a polio virus back in the day. I read this crazy statistic, and I still can't believe it's real, that 95 to 99% of all polio is asymptomatic. That's exactly right. So poliovirus is what we call a commensal. Just like you have staph on your skin and strep on your skin, and it actually serves a purpose. It keeps other microbes in check as long as you don't get a cut and have not a good immune system to deal from the inside out. So polio, the reason I can say that polio is a commensal is because again, there are medical studies that showed that people who dared to get on the edge of some of these wild native tribes down in South America or elsewhere, but in particular, I'm talking about a South American tribe called the Ante Indians.


So the Indian Health Service got to the edge of it and bargained that they would get some stool and some blood from the tribes so that they could test it for polio. And what they found was 98 to 99% of every person they tested, And it was hundreds of people, had all had evidence of immunity to all three strains of polio. And they said to them, well, where are your crippled children? Where's your short legs? Where are the people that died of respiratory failure? And they were like, we don't have, we don't have any of that problem. So it was well known, It could it possibly be that whatever you're calling polio evolved and became less powerful over time and more contagious. Does that does happen with some, some viruses. Right?


Most virus.


This episode is brought to you by Paramount Plus your next family crime saga obsession is coming this march to Paramount Plus Mob Land, an explosive new series from the underworld of Guy Richie Stars, Tom Hardy Pierce Brosnan and Helen Mirren go inside the Harrigan crime family who will stop at nothing to ensure they come out on top in a war that threatens to topple empires and destroy lives. Don't miss the new episode of Mob Land Now streaming on Paramount Plus.


This episode is brought to you by warfare from a 24 written and directed by Iraq War veteran Ray Mendoza and Civil Wars Alex Garland warfare embeds audiences with a US Navy platoon, but when their operation goes wrong, the only way out is together. A visceral boots on the ground. True story told by the soldiers who lived it. Warfare stars Will Poulter Kit Connor with Joseph Quinn and Charles Melton. Experience it in IMAX and theaters everywhere on April 11. Get tickets now at tickets warfare movie.


This in nature don't become more problematic as they go through the human, the human system, they become less problematic. Remember, remember the, the whole covid thing, like in the beginning, people were getting super, super sick. It was, it was, wasn't as contagious, but it was more virulent. And as it attenuated into the human bodies, it sort of filters, it kind of fizzled out a bit. And then we got the omicron, which was, you know, less, it was more spreadable, but it was much less pathological. And that's the natural process that happens. So when you're gonna have problems, real problems with microbes, they're usually going to be reverse attenuated, meaning made more lethal in a lab. And then they're introduced into the population.


And look, I'm not making this up either. 1916, upper East Side Manhattan, there was a Rockefeller lab that their, their specific stated goal was to try to create the most pathological neuropathological strain of polio possible. And they did that by taking monkey brains and human spinal serum and injecting it into monkeys. And there was a big problem with that, which was, was released into the public by accident. And the world experienced the worst polio epidemic on record, 25% mortality. That's unheard of. Really freaked the public out. But as it, as it, and you can see the epicenter as it fanned out and as it fanned out and as time went on, never heard of it again.


It, it attenuates as it moves through the body because it's a normal human commensal that goes back to its normal state when it's in a human. And that's generally what happens if you have a highly lethal virus and it kills a lot of people. Those people are dead. They can't spread anything. So that's kind of a different story if you wanna talk about hanta virus or something like that. But as far as polio goes, no, polio was only made more lethal by the stupid things that humans did around it. So make it more invasive into the body. Just like you can go do stupid things and end up with herpes outbreaks and you know, staph outbreaks, polio virus is a normal commensal. It used to be until we obliterated it with oral vaccines and replaced it with vaccine strain.


But the wild strains are normal human commensals. So there's vaccine strain polio that just comes from a vaccine and is transmissible. Absolutely. Today it would be the oral polio vaccines because they're the live strains and they're still giving them pulse fashion all throughout India. They, they did a campaign a few years back in Israel and they always say that a nomad came And, you know, pooped in the sewage system and they find it in the sewage system. And they don't want an outbreak to happen sew. They treat everybody. So that's today the most common reason to see polio poliomyelitis disease from a virus.


If you test for a virus, they'll usually find the vaccine virus. And that's why today we don't remember when we were kids 'cause we're about the same age. I think they would give us the sugar cube. Maybe you didn't. But I did. I got the sugar cube and that was the live vaccine. Well, they stopped doing that because after a while, the only cases of polio, and it became so obvious that the only cases of polio we were seeing related to a virus when they tested for polio virus were vaccine strains. Then they started injecting us again. But the early injections caused more paralytic polio than it prevented. And that's the part that people don't understand when they say, what about polio? 'cause they, they like, you just go, well, there's no more iron lungs. There's no more crippling, there's no more of these little poor little kids walking around with their, their casts. Well that's, that's not true because the iron lung is now called a ventilator.


So that's out the window transverse myelitis, which there are about 1300 cases. I think it's a month diagnosed in one particular, I I put a quote, put a quote in here on that. But transverse myelitis is actually something that would've absolutely, it follows the same patho pathology as polio. It would've been called polio back in the day. So we still have polio that we had in 1953 because in 1953, all you had to have to be diagnosed as polio. Anyone could diagnose you just one examination with one set of muscles being paralyzed. There was no timeframe on it, there was no testing done on it, it, and then it was considered a public service to do it because then you were eligible for funding.


So what do they call it again? Can you say that word again? Myelitis. Poliomyelitis poliomyelitis is the definition of the actual pathology. You know, so it basically means inflammation of the gray matter of your spinal cord. That's what polio and Greek poliomyelitis, it means gray matter inflammation. Poliomyelitis poliomyelitis is, is what happens in the body. Okay? If you wanna talk about what causes it, then, okay, maybe in some cases the poliovirus causes it and the, All the other things we just mentioned, arsenic, led arsenate, calcium, arsenate injections, tonsillectomies were huge cause of some of the worst cases of poliomyelitis.


And in fact, injections and tonsillectomies and unnecessary surgeries were put on hold during the years where the epidemics were the worst. So that's just proof that even the surgeons knew that. Why, why, how does it affect it? Okay, so if you happen to have poliomyelitis circulating in your body, that's not just sitting in your intestines and say it made its way into your body because we can, if things can go from your intestines into your body and you happen to have it close to a nerve that's up, say, around your throat, and then you go and take tonsils out, then what you've done is you've given that access to the blood compartment, the lymph com, the lymph compartment, and the brainstem, which is right there local.


So those were the people that would get what was called bulbar polio, which is the ones that put you on a ventilator. And ma and it's highly lethal. It's one of, it's the worst kind of polio to get bulbar polio. And it was very well known to have been coincident with tonsillectomies. Not only that, but tonsillectomies changed the structure and antibodies and the immunity that occurred in the throat. And it changed it for the, for the worse, not for the better. Do you think they're unnecessary or is there some times when people have to get their tonsils removed? Or is it just a nonsense practice? Okay, so again, it's not a, it's not just a cut and dry answer because let's just say that anyone who's ever brought their child to me because the tonsils were touching or they were snoring, has not had to have a tonsillectomy.


Now does that mean that a tonsillectomy won't solve that problem where you're snoring and you, you know, your kids may be not oxygenating No. If you let it go that long, probably you're gonna need a tonsillectomy. But I, I've seen so many cases reverse. It's a very easy thing to do. But as doctors, we're not taught about All the things that you were talking about earlier, the, the natural remedies. But just simply gargling with a solution of, of sodium ascorbate, vitamin C can make a huge difference. 'cause tonsils are like, they're like porous golf balls if you wanna think of them that way. They've got pits in them. And, and so food you eat and bacteria and pus can build up. But if you just start rinsing the outsides of them and start nourishing the body from the inside and getting rid of things that the kid might be allergic to, which almost every kid's going to eat.


If your parent doesn't know better, you can make a remarkable difference in these kids that have these huge tonsils. So I think that a lot, I think everything else should be done first before taking out the tonsils. If there's time, because I'd say 95 to 99% of the time you can prevent that child from needing their tonsils removed. Before we go to smallpox, I wanna talk about this 'cause you just brought it up. When one of the things that Brett Weinstein has explained to me is that aluminum is, when that the concept is that giving someone an a shot with aluminum in it and triggering an immune immune response, if they're eating certain foods during that time, they can then develop an allergy to those foods, like certain people with peanuts and, and various things like that that are used to be very common for people to eat.


But then a bunch of people developed like pretty severe food allergies and he makes this connection that he believes he is. It's reasonably, it's a reasonable connection to say that there's something Absolutely. Oh, a hundred percent. And, and it's, it's not just something he's dreamed up. Again, provable medical literature in the book, Dissolving Illusions, the physiology, the pathology is known. It's very well known that the vaccines that have aluminum in them skew the immune system. So the immune system kind of just, if you wanna break it down really simply, you have your th one arm and your th two arm, your th one arm is your really important one. Those are the, those are your T cells, You know, your lymphocytes, the cells that you know, chew up any garbage that's going around.


That's the part you want activated in any infection you have, whether it's covid or measles or smallpox or whatever. And then you have your th two arm, which is there mostly to deal with parasites and things like that. And it's mostly an antibody arm of immunity. That's the one the vaccinologist are obsessed with, making sure there's enough antibody. So tho the vaccines that have aluminum in them, as opposed to the live attenuated vaccines which don't have aluminum, All the other ones do. So your DT AP is gonna have aluminum in them. All your killed vaccines are gonna have aluminum in them. And that is very well known to trigger that th two response, which is the allergic response, which can set up your body for autoimmunity. And so part of the, part of the purpose of, of, you know, breastfeeding, which is, you know, part of the, the blueprint for humanity and every other mammal is that the mother's able to introduce antigens in the world to her baby through her own breast and things that she's been eating and breathing in.


And then the baby's able to develop tolerance. So, you know, while vaccine scientists are obsessed with getting antibodies and ramping up an infant's inadequate immune system, the fact of the matter is, is that it's more important to learn what not to react to when your immune system's developing rather than to becoming defensive against every microbe that could get you. So that's kind of the paradox there. And kind one of the, the battlegrounds for, You know, immunology within immunology. And for those of us out here that are going, what are you doing here? You know, anyway, you, you Were also talking in your book about the importance of breast milk and the, the, the amount of nutrition that's in breast milk for, for a child And what it does for a child, You know, and, and the differences in their immune system, the differences in a lot of different aspects of their development, which is pretty fascinating.


And most people so fascinating kind of just assume it's food. It's just food, but it's a lot more than that. It's so much more than that. And I, I was actually quite startled when I really went down that rabbit hole to see not only, I mean it is food, it's, it's, it's excellent nutrition with short chain fatty acids and sugars that the baby needs and actually trains your gut to be healthy in the long run as an adult, which trains your immune system as well. But what that mother is putting through her breast milk, you know, things like something called hamlet, H-A-M-L-E-T, which stands for human alpha lact albumin made lethal to tumors. And this is a substance, this is a protein, it's like a transformer protein that can literally turn into a cancer busting molecule that is being used by the oncology industry.


Okay? And when it's not in that form, it's a powerful protein that fights off pertussis, all kinds of pneumococcal bacteria. And when it's not doing that, it's food. Okay? So it's like, it's got so many different purposes. Stem cells are coming through that, that mother's milk activated T cells activated T cells have another substance in them that's, that is kind of high hijacked by the oncology industry. And that is when, when they're immunosuppressing kids for leukemia or whatever, and they come in contact, say with chickenpox, what they can do is get somebody like me who's immune to chickenpox naturally and take my memory t cells that remember that.


And there's a substance in there called dialyzing, leukocyte extract. When you put that into another child, even if whether they eat it or inject it into them, it transfers cellular. That th one important arm of immunity I just told you, it transfers it onto them and protects them for a long time. So that's kind of in the old days when, when mothers had measles in the old days and, and normally, and they were able to pass this powerful immunity through that, that DLE factor as well as all these other things, including preformed immune globulins. I mentioned something like 80,000 stem cells. It's, it's, it's just incredible all, and we still have only hit the tip of the iceberg in, in, in terms of what we know about breast milk.


But breast milk also, it's been proven again that if you're gonna, if you are gonna vaccinate your baby, if you're breastfeeding, the vaccine will bring that baby more into a th one. If you're not breastfeeding and you're giving formula, that baby's gonna move more into a th two in response to that vaccine. So like, if, I think if, if most women understood the powers of breast milk, they, they would do everything possible to be able to do it. I, I I think you make a very compelling point for that. I just, I think it's arrogant that we could assume that we could replace something with a bun. I mean, have you ever read the ingredients of formula? Yep. It's like, how could that be good? I know Parasites, we ha we have parasites that have been parasites upon humanity for such a long time.


And that's what happens is that something is discovered and for some people maybe it can be a good idea, but then the parasites take it and, and wanna, so with, when it came to breastfeeding, it was, you don't have to do that. You don't have to bother yourself like that. You don't have to pull your boobs out in public. You don't have to be become a dairy cow. Just strap them down, the milk will stop and then you can start putting this wonderful, when I was a kid, I was fed soy milk in a warm plastic bag. That was the fad then growing up. So the, the formula industry is a huge money maker and some women do prefer it. Fortunately, 75% of women in the USA today do initiate breastfeeding. So that's very much better than the polio days when almost nobody was breastfeeding and they were using milk in the infant formula that had been contaminated by what the cows were eating.


Oh my God. And so that was another part of the polio story that's not been told. So the cows were all eating these pesticides Yes. And herbicides. Yes. And the cows were getting sick with it. And then these people were drinking the milk from that cow and getting sick as well. Oh, Eating the meat. Well, the cows wouldn't have been getting, necessarily getting sick from it, but it would be concentrating in their milk. And so the milk, the milk would've been expressed. But, but you're, you just brought me back to another place. Cows were also used during the smallpox era, And what you're saying is true about that. So they would basically take what they thought wa sorry, it's just so dark that I ha sometimes you have to laugh.


But they would take from other animals, scratch it into the belly of a cow, then take the puss, the puss off of the, the big pimples that would form on the belly of a cow. The cow could become very sick and yet that cow could still be butchered up at the butcher shop. The butcher would get sick with pemphigus or some hand and mouth disease or, you know, so things that the cows ne normally catch. And so those cows could still be used to produce meat in those cases. I don't know that it was used to produce milk. I don't think that would've, I, I don't know. But I know it was used to produce meat. 'cause the butchers were getting sick and the people that were eating the, the meat were getting sick. And certainly the people that took the vaccines that had certain who knows what in them, because it was shown like into the 1970s, eighties.


And even recently, I have a reference from after the year 2000 that there was more bacteria and fungus in the smallpox vaccines than there was smallpox virus. So it was because they had this thing called pure lymph, which was puss that came out of the horse of a horse's foot or a donkey pus skin or, or a cadaver of a human or a cow's ulcerating s and scraped into glycerin and called pure lymph and marketed all over the world as the, this is the look joke. This was our success. This is the one vaccine that el eliminated eradicated a disease. Can you believe that fairytale, I'll tell you another one like that.


It doesn't get crazy. This is our success. This this vaccine that I had described in great detail with what was in it And what people saw under microscopes and then later tested genetically was what was called a quasi species. Meaning they don't, even, after a while it became its own thing. It wasn't from a horse anymore, it wasn't from a human anymore. They called it humanized horse. Ps when they, when they genetically characterized the drive acts and then ordered that every drive act specimen on the planet be destroyed. I think that was around 2009. Why did they do that? Good question. I don't know. Hiding the evidence possibly.


But they now have a new vaccine, which doesn't work. But they wanted to bring this one back. When I, when I was in my, the peak of my career in 2003, they, I got a letter on my desk say, stating that they needed people to get vaccinated for smallpox so that those other people that were getting vaccinated would have somebody that could treat them, that would be immune to smallpox. Because it's well known that if you get a smallpox vaccine and you get these horrible scabs that you are going, you're gonna spread smallpox and you're gonna have a horrible itchy time of it. Secondary infections, you will need a doctor at some point. Well, it turns out that the trials that they did on super healthy people, soldiers that were in top shape were so bad in terms of cardiac disease and other diseases that the government put it on hold for a second and said, oh no, no, we can't do this.


Meanwhile, guess what? They were using the same vaccine in the 17 hundreds and 18 hundreds late. Yeah, 17, late seven, late 17 hundreds. All through the 18 hundreds into the 19 hundreds. They would sometimes, you probably saw the picture of the, the child's arm considered a good take five huge ulcers on the arm be with sanitation being what it was. No antibiotics. Can you imagine having your baby have five scars on its arm? Ulcerating from these things having fevers. Sometimes the arms became necrotic, sometimes the disease spread all over the place and there was nothing but to give them except bloodletting, mercurials and our cynicals and heating them up in a dark room with no sunlight.


That was the treatment for smallpox. So you tell me why smallpox was so lethal.


This episode is brought to you by farmer's dog. It doesn't matter how old your dog is, it's always a great time to start investing in their health and happiness. And thankfully the farmer's dog makes it easier than ever to feed your dog a healthy diet of real meat and veggies. Dogs prefer their food. Even picky dogs and owners prefer their service. If you have a question about your dog, your plan, your delivery, or anything else, they have 24 7 customer service that connects you to real humans who are genuinely interested in providing the best experience possible for you and your dog. They give you detailed instructions on how to transition your dog to fresh food and even preport for your dog's specific needs. Feeding your dog healthy human grade food shouldn't be complicated. And with the farmer's dog it isn't. The entire experience from box to bowl is a breeze. So try the farmer's dog today and give healthy, freshly made food a try. You can get 50% off your first box of food plus free shipping. Just go to The Farmer dog.com/rogan, tap the banner or visit this episode's page to learn more offer available for new customers only.


Well, what's fascinating also is that most people aren't aware of the, just the general public health conditions during the time of the smallpox outbreak. That's Right. And the, just the way, the way people lived is almost unheard of. You, you, you wouldn't, you wouldn't be able to imagine just the smell of human feces everywhere. Like streets were filled without houses, there was animal shit in the streets. It was no sanitation. There's no running water. It's a disaster. It's a disaster. And there's no good food. So you got malnutrition, you, you're exposed to numerous pathogens and just waste.


You probably have fecal matter on everything. It's probably unavoidable. It tracks in your house, it's everywhere you go. It's your drinking water. Oh yeah. The drinking water was the pa you would skim the top off for your drinking water back then. And we know that co-infections make, make any primary infection worse. You know, if you have measles and you get a co-infection makes it worse. Covid, with a cof, anything makes it worse. You end up with, you know, pneumonias and pu pockets in your lungs. So yeah, Thank you for that description. I don't think I could've done it much better myself. But that's a, that's the, that Was normal. It's go watch Gangs of New York. Yeah. Like that's, that's obviously a, a drama And you know, it's probably not completely accurate, but it's, I bet it's pretty close. Yeah, but it's pretty close down how people live back then.


Yeah, the, the slums, like you can, You can actually, like in here, it's not all medical art articles quoted. Some of the quotes that we use are historical quotes from, you know, anthropologists that would go through the slums in New York. You know, the Ellis Island was just bringing people in, bringing people in. And these, they would sometimes have 20 people in one room with no privy dark, you know, like you say some of the, and the, the sewage would run underneath the house. So the smell of it would be coming up through the whole time. And then you'd have them working 16 hours a day at the age of anything up upwards of four to five years old could be sent to either coal mines or canneries to bring money in for the families to barely survive. So people weren't being paid very well.


But you just said smallpox being what it was. But what people don't realize is that in the 16 hundreds, late 1680s, doctors were describing smallpox as one of the easiest diseases to treat if you simply just supported the human again. Quoted that. And then what happened is the industrial revolution and people were taken with the land enclosure, acts out from the farms and brought into cities which didn't have the, the pigs basically were the garbagemen back then. So the pigs ran wild, thank God. 'cause if they didn't, it would've been even worse. Horses were your cars. So horse were dumping everywhere. You know, some people just, they said there was a foot of horse manure to get through to walk across the street. So it, it was, it was horrible and pretty much every way you can think of.


And, and then the human oppression on top of it in terms of the poverty that was there and the wealthy elite at the top kind of, You know, living the, the good life. But it was starting to filter up to them at some point, which is why it was actually individual people that sponsored the first public drinking fountains and things like that. It was probably partly to save themselves because if you can, if you can stop disease from ran, running, running rampant through society, look they still had to go into the cities to get things right. And, and even if you sent your servant into the city, your servant could bring you home something lovely from the city. Yeah. This is not the picture that was painted when we were children of what society was like, you Know?


No, we were told that this vaccine was so important And it was, it was so effective that we don't need it anymore. I actually ended up with one when I was very young. I, I think what we're talking about when we're saying the conditions that these conditions aren't known to most people and that these conditions coincide with these diseases and it's probably, it's probably not just a correlation. So the, the conditions correlate with the, the, with the diseases and the conditions also correlate with the death rates. Okay. And so there were many of the diseases that we're talking say just diarrhea. Do you know diarrhea killed more people in the Civil War than bullets? Yeah. And lots of other wars. Diarrhea.


Diarrhea can be caused by lots of things. Nothing that we vaccinate for essentially at the, well, I mean today there's rotavirus but that wasn't a thing then. It was more, you know, typhus and things like that. So, and Colorado we Just getting it from water. Yeah. That's what that would've been. 'cause they would be out, you know, in the, in the, in the bush or the trenches, You know, drinking what they could. So redirect me again. We were just talking about the, okay, so the, the diseases that there were never any vaccines for. We see the death rate come down at the same exact avalanche as the diseases that we did vaccinate for. And in some cases there's a little blip when the vaccine comes up and things get worse for a bit and then come back down.


So again, the point of the book was just interpreting the data that's existed for a really long time. Vital statistics throughout the world as to the decline in death rate. In some cases the disease rates went down too. But the most important thing was the death rate. 'cause that's what people, your baby could die. You have to have a vaccine. Right, right. It's not your baby could have a rash. Right. You know, so different diseases have different severities and, and different solutions and different ways to treat them so that they never have to present to a hospital. But like you said, You know, back in those days, You know, there wasn't the, the pharmacies basically had your materials arsenical if you were lucky. Some homeopathics.


That was pretty much medicine back then until aspirin was invented. Which was probably one of the reasons why the 1918 flu looked as bad as it did. 'cause they were giving people up to 10 grams of aspirin a day, which can cause pulmonary edema in a healthy person. So, so What was the logic behind the arsenics and the mercurials? Like how did that become an approach that they used for medicine? Oh, Well I don't know actually. Dunno the answer to why they started doing that. Those Are two really bad things. Well I'll Tell you, I'll tell you how they prescribed it. As they would say, give one grain until emesis occurs, that means throwing up. So give it until a person throws up. Because back then they believed that if they could get you to throw up, they thought if bringing stuff out of your body was good, bloodletting throwing up and diarrhea.


And so that's how, that was the threshold for giving a lot of these drugs. So they thought instead, you know, how can you get someone to have diarrhea with as a doctor? Okay, well we can give them mercurials in our cynicals that will do the trick. And so they thought that they could purge the body by Doing that rsic in medicine. Past, present, and future. Yeah. Oh, okay. Paradoxically as a therapeutic agent, that has been used since ancient times for the treatment of multiple diseases. So does it actually cure some stuff? No. In small doses. Well, Well how, what could it cure? Active if you have a dead patient or a patient with neuropathy, you haven't really cured anyone, have you? Right. Well isn't it dose dependent? Right. It says arsenic trioxide, the active ingredient in a traditional Chinese medicine was shown to produce dramatic remission of acute po.


You could say that word lee ma'am. Pro myelocytic leukemia. Thank you. Yeah. Similar to the effect of, but then They decided that vitamin A could do it. Okay. Right. Trans retinoic acid. So rettino acid, which is vitamin A. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That's interesting. There are still a lot of would poisons used In Oncology say it less risky than, what's that? I'd say it's less risky for vitamin A than, yeah, a little bit Arsenic. I mean that's probably Slightly different. Is it a different kind of arsenic, slightly different kind of arsenic or a lower dose of arsenic? Is that They would, they measured things in grains back then. So I I I guess that's probably like, maybe like a milligram, something like that. But the Chinese medicine's probably the root of it. Right. Why they thought it was medicine Could be, but, And maybe they use the wrong arsenic or that's Possible.


I guess you, you start trying the things that you have. Right. Mercury's a crazy one though. Haven't they known that's poison forever? Like it wasn't that Quicksilver though used, wasn't it in the same Thing or no? I don't know. It's a fascinating metal because it's liquid about time. It's a liquid metal and a lot of people played with it when they were kids. I know some of the smartest people I know talk about how they played with the mercury ball when they were little. Yikes. And it's in thermometers and obviously it works quite well. There's, there's a use for mer mercury. But the reason that that, that it's put into the, it was actually in the MMR vaccines in some of the flu vaccines is because it's an antimicrobial, it'll kill everything. So maybe that was part of that.


'cause it will kill everything. It'll kill the microbes in a Petri dish. So in order to, because this is one of the realities of vaccine manufacture, which I want your audience to understand, is that vaccines, while it might look like just a clear liquid, in order to make a vaccine, you have to have either a cow that you put ulcers on and scrape the pus off. Or You can evolve it as it had evolved to maybe getting, you know, some tumorous cells that came out of a cocker spaniels kidney or monkey balls or, or monkey kidneys. And you plate those cells out and then you inoculate it with what you want to grow to put in your vaccine later. But in order to keep those cells alive, you have to put animal blood on it.


You have to put different nutrients on top of it. You have to put antibiotics, kanamycin, You know, things like that related to the covid here at Mercury. Okay. So in the end, you can kill, you can make sure when you have your final product that if you put a little bit of mercury in there, that it's less likely for any of the fungus or the spores or the bacteria or the adventitious viruses that you didn't know about that were there before will be in your final product. Wonderful. So you have a product now that you can be not completely sure has any of these deadly microbes, but now has mercury, which the only places it's actually okay to have on a, on the planet mercury is in vaccines, your tooth or toxic landfill.


So if you were to drop a vaccine at a vaccine clinic onto the floor, the hazmat eyes would come and you, you're not allowed to just pick it up. If it's got a, if it's a mercury containing vaccine, the hazmat people have to come and take that away. Yet we're okay to take, you know, set a portion of that vial and inject it into, you know, a child, a three month old child. How does that work? It doesn't sound logical. Six month old. Actually there was also the, the issue with the different types of mercury, right? There was is it methyl and Ethel are two different meth and Ethel. Yeah. Yeah. Apparently Ethel is good and methyl is bad according to Paul Offit while senior vaccine scientist. But the fact of the matter is once, once mercury's methylated and like fish, fish can methylate mercury and they can get rid of it.


Once we demethylate mercury, it's, it's in us. Until you do something like something called chelation where you can put a chemical into the body that can grab onto it and pull it out through your urine, otherwise you're stuck with it. So in my opinion, all mercury's bad shouldn't be put into humans, shouldn't be in our food sources, shouldn't be in our environment except for in the na look, you can even find uranium in nature. Right? It's what people do to it, to concentrate it and how they use it. That becomes a problem. Wasn't the the issue that one of them, I don't know, it's methyl or ethyl mercury leaves the body quicker. Yes. It's ethyl mercury that leaves the body quicker because methyl is a, it's a, it's a chemical that gets put onto it naturally.


And apparently I'm not an expert on mercury poisoning, but apparently methyl mercury, we don't have the ability to excrete. But ethyl mercury we do. Yeah. But wasn't there also an issue that it crosses the blood brain barrier? Well, anytime there's inflammation, anything can cross the blood-brain barrier with the, it's the aluminum that we really know crosses the blood-brain barrier. And that's still in vaccines today. And yeah. Anyway, we get into blood-brain barrier if you want to. That's a whole, that's a whole other story. Sure. But yeah, so mercury obviously it can get into the brain. It's, it's, it's found in the brain.


It can get into, you know, your adrenals and your other glands and important areas of your body. And even the thing is that even at such low levels can cause problems. No neurotoxin, there's no, has no place for circulating or being deposited in the human body in any form. But isn't it fascinating that they've done such a good job promoting this, that people are gonna get outraged at what you're saying. They've done such a good job. Welcome into my Life And you've got a lot of courage. I don't wanna commend you for that because writing that book and, and being here, talking to you about it takes a lot of courage. And it's from regular people who want to believe the vaccine. They're scarier than anybody. The people that are just rabid vaxxers and they want, they, they stand for science like they're the warriors for science and they get very aggressive about it.


And they don't even want to breach the subject. They don't even want to look at it. 'cause the more you look at it, if you're a logical, rational person without like a deep seated ideology attached to vaccines and you just looked at the reality of it, you just go, what, what is this? Yeah. Like how did you trick people into injecting How many a year now for kids? What is it In the seventies? We're in the se I believe we're in the seventies. That's insane. Yeah. That's, and then you want to demonize anybody who says anything about vaccine side effects. You are the craziest of kooks. They come down to you with the hardest publicity campaign. It's so transparent.


You see it coming a mile away and you're still shocked by how blatant it is. And no one wants to look at the actual issue itself. And no one wants to say like, well, is she right? If you read your book, is she right? If you're right, and I think you're right. Like we've been lied to and we've been tricked into thinking that this is all settled science. And that's what's infuriating. It's not that it's anti-science. It's like this is not science. What you guys are doing is not science. You've subverted, you've, you've perverted that notion and you've, you've done it an amazing way. I mean, hats off to you what the, what they've done in terms of like brainwashing people to believe that all this is, it's not just necessary, but it saved millions of lives in anybody that is against it in any way, shape or form is a quack.


And you should be de platformed and never talked about again and polite public society and cocktail parties. You'll be shunned. Yeah.


This episode is brought to you by Farmer's Dog. It doesn't matter how old your dog is, it's always a great time to start investing in their health and happiness. And thankfully, the farmer's dog makes it easier than ever to feed your dog a healthy diet of real meat and veggies. Dogs prefer their food. Even picky. Dogs and owners prefer their service. If you have a question about your dog, your plan, your delivery, or anything else, they have 24 7 customer service that connects you to real humans who are genuinely interested in providing the best experience possible for you and your dog. They give you detailed instructions on how to transition your dog to fresh food and even proportionate for your dog's specific needs. Feeding your dog healthy. Human grade food shouldn't be complicated. And with the farmer's dog, it isn't. The entire experience from box to bowl is a breeze. So try the farmer's dog today and give healthy, freshly made food a try. You can get 50% off your first box of food plus free shipping. Just go to The Farmer dog.com/rogan. Tap the banner or visit this episode's page to learn more. Offer available for new customers only.


This episode is brought to you by Visit Myrtle Beach. If you're dreaming of a beachy summer escape, then head to the beach in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You'll find 60 miles of stunning coastline, hundreds of attractions to explore. And the south's newest foodie hotspot. It's where you play hard and beach easy. You belong at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Start planning your summer adventure@visitmyrtlebeach.com.


Well, the way they were able to get away with it is 226 years worth of propaganda. 'cause the fact of the matter is that ever since the beginning of the smallpox vaccines, there have been vaccine deaths. The reason, and look, we, we've added, I I brought you a, a co, a special copy. This is a limited edition. In the 10th anniversary edition, we added 200 pages and we added a chapter called the White Plague. The white plague is also tuberculosis. Tuberculosis was a side effect of the, of smallpox vaccine. Tuberculosis rates were rampant. And in fact, the, the, the inventor of the smallpox vaccine, his child died of tuberculosis and so did his two test subjects that he used.


And it was a well known to follow smallpox. Lots of doctors talked about it. But in, in about two or three years after the vaccine was accepted in, in England, you hear doctors speaking out about it, cursing the day they ever agreed to do it to people, to children, to anybody. And So what happened is that the government came down harder and started making it mandatory and would take your furniture away and started intimidating the doctors. And that's an age old thing as well. And I experienced it in any doctor that's ever stepped out of, of, of line and said something bad about vaccines will either be intimidated or worse. So 220 years of prop, 226 years of propaganda.


And, and so I'm just gonna give you one example and I'll, and I'll give you a copy of this to have, and you can put it up later if you want. But in 1984, because there was so much, so much going on in terms of the public learning about the problems with the dip theory of tetanus pertussis vaccine and the polio vaccines, that a federal register was issued by the government and went to all health departments in the United States, which is supposed to have been just kept there and never circulated. And it said, quote, any doubts whether or not well-founded about the safety of the vaccination program must not be allowed to exist. That's literally what it said. It's straight out of, you know, George Oral.


Yeah. So you had that. And then you have the changing of the goalpost and the app outright lies within scientism. 'cause it's not science, it's the religion that that's calls itself science. And we still are a victim of that today. Most science today is sponsored by the very people that are gonna profit from it. And, and I think, and even look, even Jenner who invented the smallpox vaccine, never did a scientific study. He never did a controlled study. He never did. Non-vaccinated people. Vaccinated people, and then exposed them to smallpox. And in, in a, in a large enough group, he would cowpox them and then exposed them to smallpox. And it was well known that smallpox followed cowpox. So it, it's just been, look, again, I never expected to be here.


I just wanted to be a healer. I just wanted to be a doctor. I wanted to be a nephrologist and teach medical students and make the world a better place for people. That's all I ever wanted. This is a nightmare for me actually, to, while, while I've met some incredible people and, and I've had a really good life and I have no regrets, and I would do it all again. No doctor wants to be put in a position where their integrity is doubted. Their sanity is doubted. And if you wanna pull up a page called, it is called Rational wiki, I think maybe wiki. Anyway, I'm considered a, a sth lord, a very, and in fact, I didn't know what a STH Lord was back then.


I had to actually look it up. So I'm like, Darth Vader. So a bit, it was a bit of a compliment. But on the other hand, most doctors can't tolerate being called quacks or having the reputation destroyed. And, And you know, I went from treating the CEO of, of actually the, the head of the laboratory at, at my hospital for hypertension to becoming, you know, somebody that was doubted on every levels after a while because of one thing that I said, which was, can we stop giving vaccines to my sick patients, to people who are having chemotherapy while they're having chemotherapy to my patient before I've even seen them on the ward. Can we just, can we just hold this up and give it to them on the day of discharge? That was my request in the beginning. That's how this all landed here.


And had they not tried to intimidate me, doubt me, and pushed me to research and show that what I saw was actually real, I would still be lockstep working as a regular doctor because there were some good things about it. So the, the look, even if you look at what happened with covid, let's just look at that. Like how did, how did they pass this off? Look at the media today. Do you know that they're giving covid vaccines to six month old children? Now we know how bad it's, we know that it ruins stem cells in pregnant women. They don't give stem cells to their babies. The industry's upset because the placenta no longer have stem cells. And they used to use those stem cells in research and cosmetics, et cetera. They're not getting them anymore because of what the covid shots did to the placenta and those infants.


That's not being talked about in the media. Nothing bad about the shots being talked about when we had Kevin McKernan and all these people looking at it going, there's SV 40 in it. There was a staphylococcal endotoxin gene. There were two snake genes in there. You know, it's a definite gain of function. Nope. We gotta put it on the vaccine, the baby vaccine schedule, because any doubts whether or not well-funded about the vaccination must not be allowed to exist. That's why That sounds like a religion. And it's been gone. It Sounds like a cult. It sounds like a crazy cult that the whole world's been sucked into. Giving a covid shot to a baby today is insane. Three Of them, they get three by the cer. I, you'd have to look up the schedule, but I I believe it starts at six months and they get three of them kind of boom, boom, boom.


Are doctors Really recommending this? It's, it's on the, it, it, look, there's, there's a group of people called a CIP, the doctors usually with, with vaccine interests in their bank accounts that make the recommendations for the vaccines. And they've recommended that, that six month old. So if your doctor is following the A CIP program, you have to be offered that vaccine. And now that doctor, this is another part of the story, is that doctors likely to lose $250,000 a year if they don't do that because there's incentive given to hospitals and doctors, which is what naively I was on the other end of when I woke up in 2008 and said, wait a minute, why are we doing this stuff to my sick inflamed patients?


You're giving more inflammation. It's because the hospital would lose something like $40,000 if they didn't give a vaccine within the first 24 hours of admission. Oh my God. And they would get 40,000 if it, it, it was all a money game. That's really the bottom line of it. And I didn't know that until a nurse years ago who was a high level administration. She said, Suzanne, this is why they do, they did that to you. Oh wow. Okay. Well at least it makes sense now. Nobody wants to think of it as a business. Nobody wants to think you're making business decisions at the expense of someone's health. And, and possibly whether or not they make it. Like what do you, what are you doing? Well that, that's been the case since, you know, basically the, the medical profession was infiltrated in the early 19 hundreds by, You know, high level interests that that didn't want us thinking for ourselves and carrying on with the natural cures that actually work carrying on with normal midwifery.


There was just so many changes that happened as a result of best practice medicine. Not to mention, you know, the forming of the A MA by a couple of real quacks. That's a really good story. And the a MA would give their stamp of approval. So say you cr created an infant formula, well it would say a MA approved and your infant formula would sell even better. Remember when doctors smoked camels? 'cause camels were best. Those Were The days. Yeah. And this is also the time when this coincides with when Rockefeller was designing the school system. Right. Well, first Rockefeller, I think oil was one of their primary. Right. So that's the pharmaceutical Investment aspect Of it. That's right.


Yeah. Oh, so so you wanna talk about the School system? No, but he did both. Right. Okay. He was a part of both. So he was a part of the, he the, the reason why natural cures are so easily dismissed and why it's so dismissed. 'cause Rockefeller put the entire medical establishment on oil based. That's right. So all pharmaceutical drugs that are made by using oil. Yeah. And he did it because he sold oil, You know, that wanna know the ironies. It's crazy. It kind of works. Yeah. Yeah. Like I got, I got rid of a really bad case of mange in a dog by kerosene, putting kerosene diluted in olive oil and, and they had been through everything they could not get rid of this mange on this beautiful dog. Oh wow. That's crazy. That was a pain corso dog. And yeah, so Mange is horrible for dogs.


Oof. Really bad. But one spray, it was, it was done. I Had a dog that I picked up. You Have to keep careful around the, like, You know, flames and stuff. I had one, a dog that I picked up off the street and took her in and she had horrible age, but it all went away with just food. I just gave her healthy food. No, it can't, Joe, come on. You had to have an expert help you. No kerosene, no nothing. Just love Food. Food love. That was an argument I had in the hallway once with the senior chief of medicine. He was, he was like, he would always say, so how are you today? And normally be like, good, you know, superficial conference. I said, by the way, I'm having real trouble with, you know, the H one N one vaccine. My patient's getting kidney failure after getting it. And he, he turned dark on me.


I never saw him dark before. And he said no, they just didn't have time to take effect. And Of course then I heard every kind of soundbite in the book from him, which I didn't know were soundbites at the time. And then he said, well, what do you think is happening with meningitis and these, these college kids? I'm like, oh, come on. That's a total no brainer. It's like their nutrition goes down the tubes when they leave home. They're smoking, they're staying up all night long. They're hanging out with their pals. They're doing everything they couldn't do when they were at home. Like, oh, you gotta be kidding me. So you think it's their food that that's, that's causing problems. And I was like, well what medical school did you go to? Like I was actually taught that nutrition matters and how it matters and why it matters. But that's been almost completely thrown. Like if you're, if you wanna sneak vitamin C into somebody's hospital room, you know the best way to do it.


Don't bring in jar vitamin C. 'cause they will stop that at the door. You get yourself a McDonald's milkshake or a burger and you just dump that milkshake out and you put something else in there, a smoothies with some vitamin C and they will say, off you go, that's perfectly fine. That's gonna be great for this person, this child. That's how You can get it in. Because they think that McDonald's is wonderful. In fact, McDonald's are kind of situated proximal to a lot of hospitals and the McDonald's, Ronald McDonald houses are there and everything else. But bring in a homeopathic or you know, magnesium or vitamin C and you've gotta get permission for it and go through so much red tape. And a lot of time you'll be told, no, you can't give it because, oh, you'll cause bowel necrosis, you'll cause diarrhea, you'll cause kidney stones, everything in the book.


That doesn't actually happen with vitamin C. It's what most look, they've measured vitamin C levels on people that enter hospitals and pretty much everybody's deficient or on the border of deficient when they enter. And pretty much everybody when they leave has got borderline scurvy, if not full, full scurvy. Fortunately they Go home and start doing other things and can rebuild some of their vitamin C scores. But there, there is a, there's a lot of subclinical scurvy walking around out there. And those are the people that are gonna have do the worst with a vaccine. And then the worst, they're gonna do the worst with a Subclinical scurvy in modern society. Oh absolutely. Just from poor diet. Well do you know, it's not just the poor diet. So any kind of stress will consume vitamin C.


A cigarette will con consume 75 milligrams of vitamin C and they tell you that you only need 190 milligrams a day. That's the FDA requirement. Wow. So you just have a few cigarettes and you've depleted your, your stores. So wow. We don't make our own vitamin C as humans. Humans and Guinea pigs. You know, that's, we don't, we don't do that. And so we have to consume it and we're reliant upon our fruits and vegetables or supplements to do. Or if you eat organ meat, you can eat the adrenals that are loaded with it. But aside from that, it's your fruits and vegetables that, that are gonna give it to you. So if, if you're under a lot of stress or you're taking medication or you have a lot of inflammation or arthritis, whatever, that's gonna consume vitamin C. 'cause vitamin C is an antioxidant as well as an antiviral And you know, good for your nerves nervous system.


So yeah, most people are walking around skimming the, the edge. If you have, you can see kind of a red line on some people's gums. They're probably vitamin C deficient. If your gums are bleeding a lot when you floss, you probably need some vitamin C. And you know, you could have an infection too, but it will deal to the infection as well as the integrity and the collagen inside of your bones and your soft tissues. I mean it's, it's like one of those things that's so important. It should be given upon admission to every hospital. And what's really crazy is if you're one of those people that thinks that all you need is a, a balanced diet and you're eating like a, a piece of chicken and some lettuce Yeah. Like that. There's no vitamin C in any of that. Or not enough, Probably not enough. Yeah. Chicken lettuce just won't Do it. Yeah. Enough. You know, if you're, if you're not consuming like some sort of liposomal vitamin C supplement, if you're not taking something on top of that, you're probably not at an optimal level to survive anything.


Which is, it's also, it's like part of why we have so many metabolic diseases. We have bad metabolic health, we have metabolic diseases. Like they should, it should be super obvious. Like, oh, everyone's like really unhealthy and doesn't have any n nutrients in their system. Yeah. And they're all getting really sick from all these different things. Yeah. Huh. Yeah. But everyone's like, no, you need medicine, you need a shot, you need a this, you need that, you need to get on this, you need to get off that and get back on this. And you're a hippie if you wanna just eat kiwi fruits and get your vitamin C from that. Or have oranges. Yeah. Or broccoli. Oh my gosh. Broccoli makes you a total hippie or kale. Yeah. Forget about it.


Nuts That now see we have a different kind of malnutrition today than, than we describe in the book. Back then it was people were toxic from basically drinking poop water. Yeah. And being, being worked to death and having diseases all around them. And so they were protein, calorie malnutrition as well as vitamin as well. Today we have kind of dis nutrition, you know like DYS dis nutrition in that everyone's fat. So you don't, they don't really look malnourished. Right. Pretty much, you know, you, you go on a cruise or you go to the beach, you even Burres House even have big bellies now. Big belly is the thing. What was that? I said go to Burt k ER's house. Who's That? That's my friend. Okay.


Hi. He's gonna hate that You know who he is. But you know, so today we've got inflamed guts from You know, glyphosate And you know, the wheat that's been altered to, to make us inflamed and, and then just the chemicals that are added to our food and the, the vitamins that actually don't help us and set us back that are fortifying our, you know, bread and milk, lack of vitamin D. So we have a different kind of a problem, but essentially causing the same bodily dysfunction. Yeah. The wheat thing I used to think was nonsense until I ate pasta and bread in Italy and I was like, okay, why do I feel so much better? Yeah. Why do I not feel like I just ate poison? 'cause I love like pizza.


Oh yeah. It doesn't, I love lasagna. Oh I love it. I love it. It's so good. But after it's over I'm like, I'm incapacitated for like an hour or two for like a two hour period. You just like a shadow of yourself just Yeah. I mean you think, oh maybe it's just the high carbs, but you just proved that it wasn't because in Italy you were okay with it. I ate a whole pizza in Italy and I was waiting for it. I was like, I'm gonna eat this margarita pizza. It's so good. They made it. I did too. Made Brick oven. Yes too. I was like, this is so good. I'm eating the whole pizza. I don't care. I don't care what it's gonna feel like. Afterwards I ate that whole pizza and then I was like, where's it, is it coming? Waiting for the hit. Never came, never came.


I felt normal. I felt like I just ate food. I was like, this is nuts. Like no crash. Yeah. The bread in Scandinavia. Same. That's what people used to Eat. I'm people don't know that that, what's that? I said that's what people used to eat Is like real, real food, Real cream. The people, they need to understand like what they did was, and this is according to a Maynard from Tool, do you know Maynard Keenan the lead singer of tool? No. He actually runs a farm. He, he has vineyards and he has like, like he's caduceus is his wine label and he's like really good at growing things. 'cause he has a restaurant. He was explaining to me that what they did is they just engineered it to have higher yield. So they put more, it's got more complex gluten in it.


So it's not the normal organic wheat that grows in Italy where they don't have genetically modified crops. Right. So You can still get that flour and you can still get that pasta from Italy and it's much more consumable. Yeah, definitely. But the American stuff is just thick. It is just, your body's like, what is this? It just comes in like sludge. It is interesting. It feels like I ate glue. That's what it always feels like. Yeah. When it's over. Unless it's really good sourdough bread that doesn't seem to have that. Yeah. Yeah. I kind of agree. Like I'm not gluten sensitive, but I I definitely feel more awake when I don't have it. Yeah, It's not, it's good on Holiday or when you Wanna go to sleep. It's so delicious. I know, I know. It's so, it delicious. But this is also a problem, and this goes back to when RJ Reynolds was going through all their stuff with the lawsuits that were coming from people realizing, oh my god, cigarettes give you cancer.


They're not good to like smoke if you have emphysema. I thought they were good for And some arsenic and would be great. There was a movie and I forget what movie it was and it Thank you for smoking. Well there's that. Okay. But there was a movie where Leonardo DiCaprio was young and he was sick and his doctor was prescribing cigarettes to him. Oh. And like the mother was saying, did you smoke your cigarettes at the doctor told you to? Yeah. You know, like, you're not smoking. Like you need to keep up your health. Like Well, You know, there's something to that 'cause you know about the nicotinic receptors And you know, the smokers got less covid than the rest of us. And hear there's hear about that a protective effect. Well also doesn't nicotine kill covid?


Like people were saying that nicotine. No. So that's what it is. That's how it kills it. Well, What happens? So, so the spike of covid, I just, the evil part of Covid has all these horrible lab engineered proteins encoded into them and two of them are snake toxin proteins that bind onto your nicotinic receptors. Okay. So if you can smoke nicotine or take nicotine gum, then you're gonna block those receptors up so that, so you can trade off some of the stuff that's from the spike. What about like nicotine pouches? Like These kind things? Yeah, like that would probably, if you're having, You know, long covid or You know, any kind of post covid syndrome that's related to the nicotinic receptors, you only know by trying it.


But listen, I always say start small, don't go out and be a hero And you know, take a whole dose at once. Start with a quarter of whatever it says and wait and see what happens. Yeah. Because nicotine's a powerful drug. Try a cigar, pick up the cigar habit. Yeah, There You go. It's a wonderful habit. Yeah. That was a, an uncomfortable thing in the beginning of Covid that they were saying that for some reason smokers seem to be having a much easier go of it. Like what, how do you have a respiratory disease where smokers are statistically speaking, getting less covid? Yeah, well, I mean, I'd been around, I did a tour one time and there were two heavy, heavy smokers on the bus with me. And they were the only two people that didn't come down with whatever flu with All the rest of us got.


Not even that flu, couldn't even live in their throats. It's kind of makes sense if you think about it. Well it changes the polarity of your mucus membranes. The, the charge of the cells on your mucus membranes. And that's probably part of why the, even the viruses can it adhere properly? We're not encouraging cigarettes. No, we're not at All. But we are saying it's, but If you are, it should be non cured. Naturally cured. Oh, Like American spirits. Yes. Like those kind of deals. I Get all my smoking friends to convert to that brand. Does that help? Totally help. Come on. Are you kidding me? You know how many horrible carcinogens there are? Do you know, back in the native days when they were smoking and, and people were smoking natural cigarettes, it was almost unheard of for them to develop lung cancer. Right. With a natural tobacco American spirit.


Cigarettes are not No, I'm sorry. Healthier. They're wrong. They're absolutely wrong. It is So marketed is natural and additive free, which may lead people to believe that they're a safer option. However, there's no scientific efic evidence to support this claim. They may even have higher levels of nicotine than some other brands. But the nicotine's not the problem. So just That's exactly Right. Just By them saying that there, that leads me to think that this might be propaganda. Yeah. Because saying that nicotine is not the problem, that that's who is our source. Or rather saying that they have might have more, more Nicotine. This is AI overview. Okay. Oh, I'm just, but I understand, but AI should understand that nicotine ask Tony and Cliff. Oh, he smokes stuff. I know, I know he does. I I'm just saying AI doesn't make sense. What doesn't make sense is that it's saying they might have more nicotine, but that doesn't matter.


They're Not addressing natural question. I Just, not to skip time, to save time. So we don't Have to go through the Oh, no, no, no. I'm not saying to you. I'm just saying to them like, what, what they're writing seems to kind of be silly. Marketing of American spirits as natural can create a false sense of healthiness, which may make it more difficult for people to quit smoking. I think smoking companies wrote this. I think the other companies fed this information well, the, About The packages to have people Spitting up blood on the packages and stuff. Do you see them Right? Oh, in England you get those. No, they have it Now. He, Oh, they have an America. Does it not? Have they used to have an American I overseas. You go to England and they had photos of people with like rotten Faces. That's right. That's where I first saw it. But it's moved to the rest of I know. It's hilarious. It's like, and they still buy 'em and smoke 'em.


Well the the interesting thing is, and I'm glad you brought this up, is just cancer in general.


This episode is brought to you by visible. Are you tired of wireless slowing you down? Do you wish there was a plan that offered a fast network plus fast hotspot plus savings on top of it all? Well, there is and it's visible. Plus it's everything that makes visible and affordable, reliable wireless service. Plus. Plus what? Plus Visible's fastest network and up to two times faster. Hotspot plus smartwatch service included saving you 10 bucks a month. Plus it's all powered by Verizon. Yes. Unlimited talk text, data and hotspot. All powered by Verizon's 5G Network. The best part, it's all on one line. Right now you can save $15 a month on visible Plus for 25 months for just listening to me. That's $30 a month for Visible's best plan. This is an exclusive offer for Joe Rogan experience listeners. So switch by March 31st at visible.com/rogan terms apply see visible.com for plan features and network management details.


This episode is brought to you by Gopuff. Does grocery shopping drive you nuts? The lines and the chaos and the inflated prices? Then you have all these third party delivery apps with their ridiculous fees markups. And you still have to wait hours for delivery. Well enter Gopuff, the game changer. They deliver snacks, groceries, alcohol, essentials, whatever you need straight to your door in just 15 minutes. And get this, it's cheaper than the store because Gopuff uses their own fulfillment centers. No middleman, no crazy markups. It's like Amazon. But for everyday essentials and way faster, Gopuff also just launched cheapest on the planet pricing. Think $2 organic eggs, $2 milk, $5 diapers, $10 Tide pods. It's insane. They're beating big grocery stores at their own game. So do yourself a favor. Download the Gopuff app on your phone. Use the code Rogan 20 for $20 off your order and experience faster, cheaper, better shopping. Trust me, you'll thank me later.


Like there's things that cause cancer that they're just everywhere and, and there's, there's a lot of things in the environment can cause cancer, but sometimes things get into medications that can cause cancer. And what is, what is SV 40? I just wrote down SV 40 while you were talking. Okay. And I'm gonna, I'm just gonna give you an example of what you're saying is correct and the fact of the matter is, is that all cancers in humanity have gone up since the inception of vaccination. And my opinion, my educated opinion is that our lifespan should be 120 years. And I think with the knowledge that we have and the, and the wealth that we have on this planet ingenuity we have on this planet, we should be able to be touching the 120 year mark more commonly than we do.


So when vaccines started coming into humanity, we were in, we started introducing animal disease into humanity through the skin. And then we started doing intermuscular injections after the hypodermic needle was created. And then you started having deeper injections of, of, of animal disease and of chemicals and, and mercury and things like that. So along comes polio research and the polio vaccine, even to this day, is made on African green monkey kidney cells. Now the African green monkey kidneys early on were basically taken out of their wild habitat in India. And millions of monkeys were brought to the USA for use, unbeknownst to them and discovered by a scientist named Dr.


Bernice Eddie, is that there was a cancer causing entity inside of the, inside of the, the substrate that they were using to make the vaccine on the Petri dishes. And that entity was Simion virus 40, SV 40 and called SV 40 because before there were 39 others discovered before it, now we're up over 100. So that information was suppressed heavily. Bernice Eddie, he was offered a ticket to wherever she wanted to go and as much money as she wanted. And she said, no, I'm staying. Long story short is they just kept taking her away from her work and distracting her. And there was another doctor, Jay Anthony Morris as well. Anyway, so the SB 40 was around and then Maurice Hillerman validated it later and said it came from the African green monkey kidneys.


Now it's benign in the African green monkey. SV 40 is not benign in human beings and human beings. It was called the Perfect War machine by Dr. Michelle Carboni, who was one of the primary researchers looking at the carcinogenic potential of semi virus 40. So semi virus 40 would've been in the live polio vaccines because there was nothing to kill it, but it was more, most likely also in the killed. And African green monkey cells are actually still a listed ingredient on vaccines. So you can go ahead and look that up. It's a fact. So how this affects me is that I'm a, I'm a kidney specialist and I looked at the curve of kidney cancers that have gone up since the inception of vac polio vaccines and SV 40 introduction.


So what this virus does it is it enhances two cancer promoting genes and it inhibits two cancer suppressors. Okay. That's why it's called the perfect war machine. So that was in the vaccines that were injected. And so the, the bad news is that we don't need vaccines to give it to us anymore. 'cause we're gonna give it to each other forever. And it's never going anywhere that was introduced to humanity. Like a lot of other diseases were through vaccination. We can give it to our kids, we can give it to each other. It comes out in the urine. And so it lives in the green monkey kidneys, it lives in our kidneys as a kidney specialist. There are a lot of mysterious diseases. Lo and behold, there was some research into some of them. And the research was just put, this is the other thing, the research that that's really important just gets killed.


The funding gets killed in terms of SV 40 kidney cancers. There's no doubt that the rate of kidney cancers has gone up alongside with the, with the infection rate of humanity for SV 40 as well as diseases like glomerular nephritis, which they do find the pathogen genetic material inside. And they, and, and even in the old days, they found it in the tumors but not the surrounding areas. So that just tells you that it was a stimulant for the tumor cells to just start propagating. So that's, that's just one of the things that, that's just one of many, many of the obvious ones. And even though it's been well-defined in the medical literature, you'll see, still see that they only admit that it causes mesotheliomas and one other thing.


Not that it causes All the other things that it does, that it's been shown to cause in the other medical literature that got its funding revoked. So SV 40 is now contagious amongst people? Oh, Absolutely. Yeah. We probably both have it. Most of us probably have had it one time or other, you know, whether it's lying dormant in our kidneys, it depends on, it'll, everything depends on your background immunity, which depends on what you're doing for fun and not fun and how you're eating and how much you're sleeping, et cetera. How much sun you're getting. Sweating. Yeah, sweating gets rid of a lot of stuff. It's really good to sweat. It's just such a disturbing thought that this was introduced to people through vaccines and now is spreading.


And what is the, what's the, like the worst health impact that it could have if it's spreads to you and not through a vaccine? If you didn't get it through this vaccine and you just get it from another person, like, Oh, it's the same thing. It's not gonna make much difference in terms, it'll, it'll gravitate to your kidneys obviously it probably goes to lung as well. Brain brain tumors were a big problem with it. Back in the polio days, Dr. Michelle Carboni was looking at the brain tumors with that. There's a really good book called The Virus and the Vaccine by Bookin and Schumacher. It's an incredible book that details everything about those years. The scientists involved, the suppression, the oppression, the lies, the skullduggery that they would bring in the scientists who had no experience in actually detecting SV 40.


And lo and behold he couldn't find it. And he was the one that got to make the ultimate statement on whether SV 40 causes human disease or not. I just, how could they keep injecting that into people if they know this? Oh, and the, the stocks that contained SV 40 were still basically being used by the vaccine manufacturers up into the 1990s and probably beyond because there's two different kinds of SV 40, you're making me remember a whole bunch of things that I thought I forgot. But there's the, there's the fast dividing and there's the slow di divide and there's two different kind of strains of it and the original tests. So when they made a vaccine, they would test it for 14 days looking for SV 40.


If it didn't have it off you went and your your vaccine was good to go. But the problem is there was a slower dividing SV 40 that remained in the vaccines that were injected and probably in the stocks that are the stock is basically like your, your your mother tincture or whatever. It's what you use to kind of inoculate All the new batches over time. And so the stocks were f that's again quote Dr. Attorney Stanley Copp quote in the book about the SV 40 still being in the stock up and through the 1990s. And you know, God only knows if there's, if it's still, if they're still using those same stocks. I don't know. 'cause I haven't gone into the, to the more modern times of SV 40. But yeah, we all have it and there's no doubt in my mind that it's just like another one of the things that the parasites have finally pretty much put into us to set us back Demons.


It's like, like real world demons. It's so crazy that someone would know this and still have this as an ingredient in a vaccine. Well they'll say that it was, it was just an unfortunate set of events that happened because they took wild monkeys from India. See, I could work for them. That's their excuse. And they say we've, we cleaned it up. You know, we started our own monkey colonies and we started breeding our own monkey colonies that were now found to be free of SV 40. The only problem with that is that, as I said, they had already inoculated humanity and, and it's, it's with a virus that can be spread vertically and horizontally as the scientists would describe meaning we've all given it to each other. I think there are gonna be very few people walking around today that haven't been introduced to it.


Have there ever been a comparison of pre-cancer rates pre SV 40 and post SV 40? Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. That's what I did is I, I, in one of my videos I did that and, and looked at the cancer rates since they were, you know, so again, what they'll say is, well we just didn't look at the rates beforehand, but the, the, the rates were quite low before, like You can, You can know what the surgical, what the nephrectomies were. So it's kind of an easy thing to look at. 'cause that's the treatment for kidney cancer. You take the kidney out 'cause you've got another kidney and it's a slow growing tumor even though it can metastasize. But anyway, I did look at and the, the, the, the, the rate has skyrocketed for kidney cancers.


Pretty much everybody knows somebody who had a kidney cancer And that was not common. No. And also these protein losing diseases, which is, again, it's not controversial. It was documented when they looked at the, the areas that were affected in the kidney, which with, with these horrible disease that makes people lose the proteins that need to stay in their blood, in their body out in their, into their urine. That the SB 40 was related to that. It's called focal and segmental glomerulosclerosis. And it's a real problematic disease in children and adults. Ultimately you have to go on horrible chemotherapy drugs that ruin your immune system and then transplantation if you can't stay on top of it.


Big money maker. Now do I think that that was the purpose? I, look, I don't know what was in the hearts and minds. I don't know what was accidental And what wasn't, but I do know that there was intentional suppression of the truth. Any doubts whether or not well funded must not be allowed to exist. That is a fact. And it's always been that way. And there have been scientists and doctors talking about that since the beginning of vaccination. It's just too horrible to believe for most people, I think. And then also, yes, you're correct. It goes against religious dogma, you know, especially with people that are like firmly on the left. Yeah. Trusting the science and trusting the experts. Those are, those are two things at the front.


Yeah. It's kind of a childlike situation that humanity in most of humanity is in, is that they're, you know, I think most people are good and they wanna believe everybody else is good. Yeah. And they wanna believe that the government is looking out for them. Yeah. And it's a really, it's a kind of horrifying, imagine if it was true that your government actually wasn't looking out for you. And that might be the, one of the causes of your decreasing lifespan. Imagine that if the government might not care so much, if your baby ends up with no stem cells or your baby gets cancer, autism, which will be outright, I mean, look at autism. Hello. Like do we, how many, I don't even where to start with that. But that was another thing where there was no doubt whether or not well funded, allowed to exist what came to autism.


And every autistic parent, parent of an autistic child will tell you this. Everyone that's tried to lobby and get to the truth with autism will tell you that the brick walls and the plexiglass and the lead walls that went down were intense and still are intense. And the, the lying studies that they use to uphold vaccine don't cause autism are so easy to dismantle. But you know, Joe, You know, the lie gets around the earth three times before the truth has a chance to get outta bed. And, and that's just pretty much what happens when the media is owned. And like, you're, you're like one of the cracks in the matrix here, quite frankly, I think for a lot of people it's too horrible to believe, especially if they have an autistic child, that this was caused by a vaccine.


I know a guy who told me that he believes the vaccine had an impact on his child having autism and then later was shaming people for not taking the covid vaccine. That's how strong Yeah. The impulse is. And that's how good the propaganda was. And that's how cowardly a lot of people are when it comes to fighting against a narrative. They get very scared of being socially ostracized and they, they just, they can't speak their mind. They can't tell the truth and they'll whisper it to maybe this one guy that they're friends with. Like, Hey, you know, I don't, I don't wanna take it man, but I have to for work. Like, yeah, I don't want, I don't trust them either, but you know, sh don't tell anybody who said that.


You know, you don't want anybody thinking you're on the bad side. And we all saw the propaganda on television. There's some amazing montages that people put together lately of people saying horrible things about the vaccinated people, unvaccinated people, horrible things saying that it's, it may be ghoulish to laugh when unvaccinated people die, but may it, it might be necessary. Like what? Well, Yeah, a few of us have to take one for the team. It's, it was just the weirdest propaganda campaign and people were doing the job of the man. It wasn't the man forcing the people to do this thing. It was people doing the job of the man and going after the people that hadn't stepped in line.


And I think for a lot of people it's like they felt terrible that they had to do it, but if they did it, now I'm righteous. Now I'm, I'm on the good side. Why don't you do it too, man, I fucking did it. You should do it too. You're fucking selfish. And you get a lot of that, you know, you get a lot of people who they know they made a mistake and they want you to make that mistake too, you know? Yeah. It would be good to know what really goes through their heads. I I, I think Covid was, again, it was unique, but when you talk to parents who have autistic children, the vast majority of them not only know absolutely without a doubt that their child became autistic usually within 24 to 48 hours after a certain vaccine. But that every doctor told them it wasn't the case.


And then they go digging deep into the scientific literature and learn how to sometimes resuscitate that child's brain or detox them and then recover them. And then they're, they're, they're, they're actually beaten up even worse for doing that because to, because they're just neurodiverse. You know, there's nothing wrong with your child, they're just quirky. No, your child banging its head against the wall, walking around with a baby bottle and a diaper at the age of 18. Your big hairy son doing that. That is not neurodiverse quirkiness. That is a serious pathological disease that probably could have been dealt to at the time and should have been prevented, should have never happened. So most parents that have that situation are on fire. It's the, it's a minority that will say, have the situation that you have right now, most of them, that's a wake up call, which is why they get beat up and suppressed even worse than I do.


But when it comes to COVID, there was the, the psychological campaign I think was, was very effective in that people that I would've never imagined took the jab like friends of mine who I, in a million years would've, I would've bet my life that they would say no to. It ended up getting it, didn't want it. Were really upset about it later. But nonetheless did it, had They read your book? Yes. I, I see I didn't lose any friends during covid 'cause I had already lost them back in like 2009. Like my family and friends were solid. My tribe is here, but yeah, so did, but I still love this person. Yeah. And, and, and she's like really upset about it, but it's like, it just shows you that the psychological campaign like to to, to get into that person's brain was, was really into like, but I don't know about you, but there was, they didn.


I never had a doubt. I never, I I was like, well you're gonna shut me down. Shut me down. You're gonna stop me from traveling. Go ahead. Stop me from traveling. I hadn't read your book yet. And I was all gung ho to get the vaccine and the UFC had allocated 150 something vaccines for other employees. We were doing shows during the pandemic. So I showed up in Vegas, asked for the shot, they said I couldn't do it, I had to do it on Monday at the clinic. I couldn't do it at the UFC. I was like, okay, fine. And they said, can you come back in two weeks and do it when during the next UFC fight? I said, fine, I'll do it. Then during that time it got pulled from the market for blood clots. Which one? Which jab was It? Johnson. Johnson. Okay. And then two people I knew who got it had strokes.


Okay. In that two weeks? Yes. In that two. Well you've got a few angels, don't you? Yeah. And I was like, hold on. And then my whole family got it. There was like a bunch of things that happened. My whole family got it and everybody was fine and I didn't get it and I was trying to get it, like I had sex with my wife. I, I hugged my kids. I mean, you didn't get covid? No, I didn't get it. Yeah, but You didn't get the jab either? No. Yeah, no, I, I didn't, but I didn't get it first time around. I was like, this is crazy. There was two days when I went to the, 'cause I was trying to get it And it was, which sounds horrible, but I was like, you're Not allowed to not get it Joe. I just wanted to get over it. Yeah. Like my kids got over it so fast. Like my one daughter was one day she had kind of a headache and she tested for Covid and she thought it was hilarious. She started laughing, you know, she's like, oh my god, I have covid. But we had already told them, it's not dangerous for kids, don't worry about it at all.


Right. You know, because there was a lot of kids that were talking about getting vaccinated. I'm like, you are not getting no for them. I was like, no way. Like it's not, I'll do it if I have to Work. But what made you say no way? Like what, what did you think about it? That you didn't even want your child to get it just in case? Totally unnecessary. So no need to risk it totally unnecessary. They got covid, they got over it like that before the vaccine. But risk did you think They would have before the vaccine? Yeah, but this is before the vaccine, so after that. Oh, oh. I was like, there's no way. 'cause there was pressure from their friends to get vaccinated. I was like, you're not getting vaccinated. You have seven times better immunity than someone who gets vaccinated. Which is proof. And this is just antibodies, right. Which is, and you enlightened me in your book to the fact that there's cellular immunity that's different than just antibodies.


Antibodies is one type of immunity to things, right? That's right. So I was, it's That th two slant that we were talking about. For me with my kids, it's, it's like they're vaccinated, but we did it on a delayed schedule. 'cause that's what my doctor recommended and we had a really good pediatrician and it worked out great. They're fine, but I, we a little worried I was, I thought it was quack, like to be worried like this is science, like vaccine worried About what About what could vaccines could do to the kids, The regular ones. Absolutely. And the schedule, the way they wanted to just bang them up like real quick. And with weird ones like the hepatitis B one, that one was like, when I hear that, I'm like, what are you talking about? You're gonna give a kid for a sexually transmitted disease, a vaccine when they're a baby, A one day old baby.


That's crazy. And also is their immune system even working, right? I mean, will it even accept this and turn it into an antibody? Like have you proved that like you're just jabbing kids? They've proven that the child, the infant will make antibody and that's all they ever have to prove. What they don't ever want to prove is that when, when you give, like say your child had gotten a covid vaccine, there's something called original antigenic sin. They changed the term to linked up ope suppression. It happens with flu shots, it happens with lots of different vaccines. Is that if you program your body to attack, you know, the strain of vaccine that you're a virus rather, that you are injecting against and then a different strain comes along, it actually has negative efficacy.


You are the one that's more likely to succumb to terrible problems from the infection than because of your vaccine rather than it actually protecting you. And that's been a well known look, Anthony Fauci writes about it, Morins and Fauci wrote a paper basically admitting everything, I think it was in 2023 or 2024, about these shots. And he said the Covid shots are exactly the same as the flu shots. Despite that, despite Fauci and Morins talking about how these shots would never have been licensed, if they were held to the same standards of DPT, et cetera, et cetera, that they don't provide lung immunity, they only provide blood immunity, negative efficacy. Their, their conclusion at the end of it is that we must make better vaccines, more effective vaccines to add to the already existing vaccine program.


It's not that we shouldn't do this, it's not that we should pull this off the market. That's always the logic. Again, you can, they're not, they never will admit to any problem with vaccines to take it off the market. It's always adding to it, not removing a vaccine at, okay, you think it was bad, let's start six months now. Six month old babies with parents that are just like you back in the day going, okay, if you really think it's necessary because oh, granny doesn't wanna catch COD, we're gonna


do, This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. I love my job. I can talk about what I want. I get to meet all sorts of interesting people and discuss some very interesting topics. And even better, I get to work with people who also love what they do. It's the fucking best because you can see how passionate they are and just the working environment it creates. If you wanna create a workspace like that, use ZipRecruiter. They can help you put together a dream team, try it out for free right now at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. And not only will they help you find passionate people who love their work, but they'll also do it fast. ZipRecruiter smart matching technology will start sending you candidates immediately after you post your job. Once you see a candidate you like, you can send them a pre-written invite to apply message to reach out so you can get the ball moving even sooner. Hire experienced people who are excited about what they do with ZipRecruiter. Four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter, get a quality candidate within the first day. See for yourself. Go to this exclusive web address to try ZipRecruiter for free. ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire


this episode is brought to you by Max. Welcome to your new American dream. Get inside the lives of the original influencers and now global sports and entertainment superstars. Jake and Logan Paul as they launched their newest venture, a new family reality series, Paul American on Max. See behind the curtain of fame into the Paul's high octane lives with an up close and personal look at Logan and Jake, their partners and parents love them or hate them. You won't be able to look away stream Paul American Thursdays exclusively on Max.


Yeah, that was the logic. W worry about granny, but you know, this is the great Barrington Declaration, right, where those guys were like, why don't we take the people that are vulnerable and isolate them and treat them and, and care for them and not worry so much about everybody else and not shut society down because it's gonna have profound impacts. And they were called kooks and that's what's crazy. It's like during the, the, the, the, the censorship was so rampant that prominent scientists and physicians were removed from the social conversation because they've disagreed Who are expert.


That's always the case though. That's always been. It's just, but what it's happening on social media and it's so transparent. These people are getting removed from Twitter. You're like, this is wild, this, this is socra. Then you find out that the government's involved and the government contacted them and asked them to take things down. You're like, what are you, what are you saying? Yeah, like what? This is nuts. Medical Papers were retracted. I mean there's this one guy named Phan, P-R-A-D-H-A-N, who he showed that there is a GP one 20 protein on the spike. And he said it was an uncanny similarity to the GP one 20 and HIV and that there was no way that that would've come out of nowhere and showed up in the 2019 Covid epidemic.


And he showed genetically how that just couldn't possibly happen. A flurry of emails went through the CDC and to NI ad and to Fauci and within six days of that paper being in pre-print, it was removed six days. And what we've got, we've got access from the Freedom of Information Act to some of those emails. They're have heavily redacted. But that was the, that was the series of events that happened with that. Because any doubts whether or not well founded All the things you said about the Covid vaccine, I'm sure are correct and true, but isn't it also different than the vaccine that they used in the test? Yes, the vaccine that was produced for the general public, I, I believe at least when it comes to Pfizer, they used magnetic beads for purification, which was totally different to what they did for the one they gave to us.


And they produced it using, oh, I can't remember exactly how they produced it, but they didn't use plasmids and they didn't use, you know, All the, All the different components that were given to us. I, I have a slide on that somewhere that I could show you about. There were two aspects of the test vaccine that were very different to the, it was both the production, how they produced it and how they quote purified it. And what's the significance of the differences? Like did they do it to save Money. Oh, there, no, they just didn't have the plasmid. They wouldn't have had the lipo polysaccharide with the DNA from the, from the e coli that was in there that they told would never get past our deltoid muscle and would be disintegrated. Well, lipopolysaccharide actually is a transit protein that can bring everything right through, through your cells into your, our cells are made of, it's like a lipid on the outside.


So that was the whole purpose was to shuttle this into your cells. Not only that, but the, the, the vaccine produced that, that the plasmid part of the vaccine that's injected into you. The messenger, RNA, has a substitution for something called uridine. They call it pseudo uridine. And pseudo uridine was put in there because they didn't want the immune system to destroy the vaccine too quickly. They wanted it to really be able to take hold of your body so you could have a strong response. Well, that's one of the reasons why vaccinated people had such, you know, horrible time with actual coronavirus when it did come. And one of the reasons why you didn't even, maybe you were exposed and you don't, you don't, I don't know if you've had an antibody level tested, but again, that's another long history thing, is people who don't get sick while everyone else is, have been, have been accused of witchcraft and sorcerers in the past and sometimes hunted down and killed.


Yeah. You know, in the times of smallpox, the groups of people that were into cleanliness And it was that that was a real problem for them. I did do nasal swabs to see if I had any antibodies. I did do that and I didn't. Well, That won't tell you antibodies. That just, that's a PCR. That would be your PCR test or your rapid. Right. Which one did you do? The one that goes rapid? The rapid test. The rapid antigen test. Yeah. But that's only gonna tell you if you've got active in your nose. What you wanna know is if your immune system, again, there's a good use for antibodies sometimes. Sure. It's not to see, it's not, not not the end all be all in terms of your immunity, but it will show that you have had an experience inside of your body with covid. And what Was bizarre to me was that there was this, there was this narrative that you were going to get it no matter what.


And that's why. And this Will stop it from you getting it. Yeah, well it was, this is before the vaccine was even around. There was this, there's this talk that there's no way to not get it. Like if it's around you, it's so contagious, you're gonna get it. And that's why I was shocked that I didn't get it when my whole family got it. Yeah. Like I said, I didn't isolate at all. I did it on purpose. Yeah. And I had two days in the gym where I was sluggish. And so I was like, I feel kind of tired today, but a weird tired, so I'm just gonna go through the motions. I just like really light workout. And the next day I felt the same thing. Like, yeah, another light workout, let's just take it easy. No need to push it, just gotta break a little sweat. Never stressed myself.


And then the next day I felt great. I felt a hundred percent. Like I started working out, I was like, oh, I felt good. And then I was fine and I was like, okay, I guess I didn't get it. And then everyone in my family recovered. And then I went from there to a couple months later I was doing this gig in Florida and I was up with my friend John Showman, who's a, a pool. He makes pool cues. Shout out to John, good friend of mine. And we were playing pool till like five o'clock in the morning. And I had like five margaritas and we were having a good old time and laughing a lot. And then that night I was like, oh, I don't feel so good. But it was alcohol and no sleep and playing pool And you know, and big shows.


And giant arenas and flying on jets and being tired All the time. You know, that's what it was. And then I got sick. But even then, it was like a couple days. How was that? How close was that to the time that you just said you felt a little tired in the gym that day? Few months. Okay. A few months difference. Yeah. It was a few months. 'cause by that time the vaccine had been out, and this was I guess the delta, which was everybody was like, this is a bad one. Yeah. The delta's a bad one. You're Supposed to be fearful, you know? Yeah. It was a, it was a shocking time for me because before that, I never would have guessed in a million years that I would be even questioning other vaccines. I would've never guessed that. I would've told you that vaccines are one of the most important inventions in human history.


And it saved us from polio. It saved us from smallpox. I would've been that guy ranting off all, all those statistics. I would've told you that. But then I then I read your book. I read, sorry, Sorry. I read Robert f Kennedy's book. I read your book. And I started reading turtles All the way down, which also, which is really interesting because they wrote another book called Turtles All the Way Down and someone else published it. Oh. That has almost the identical cover. And that book is a pro-vaccine book. Nice. Like, they literally hijack. They're like, what do we do? Oh, this is what we do. We fucking confuse the shit out of people. Make one with the exact same cover, exact same cover, exact same name.


Wow. That, and they made a pro-vaccine book. It's kind of wild. I mean, it's really kind of ingenious. Like what a great way to like flood the market with bullshit. And the RFK junior book was bananas. I mean, I, people had told me to read it and my initial thought one the Fauci book. Yes. Yeah. My initial thought was, that's that guy that's like that anti-vaccine kook. That's what I thought. And I've apologized to him for that. When, when I talked to him on the podcast, I, I said to him, I said, I, I, I sec I succumbed like everybody else did to the, the casual narrative. What's the casual narrative? Oh, that RFK guy's a kook, talks weird. Got a weird voice. He's Ruining the world's immunity. Yeah. Well I had the same thing.


Like, you know, when I was first waking up, I had a friend who had unvaccinated kids. They were part of a Steiner school, and they were like mutant freaks to me. 'cause they'd never been on an antibiotic. They were like bright and happy and interactive and talented. And at 1.1 of them was playing with a hammer and nail. And I said to her mother, I was like, you gotta be careful 'cause she doesn't have a tetanus vaccine. And someone in the room said, well, Suzanne, what do you know about tetanus? And like in my head, I'm, I'm a full-fledged doctor at this point. I thought, I don't know anything about te and outside. I said, I know you don't wanna get it, and I know it'll cause lock jaw. And then I started reading about tetanus and I had to go back And, you know, kind of apologize. And then I did a big video.


I have a big video out on tetanus and the actual truth about the tetanus vaccines and actual tetanus, which, you know, that's even harder for most people. Like most people who don't wanna vaccinate their kids, they'll vaccinate for tetanus if they can get a single, single shot. And second only to polio. Everybody's got their two vaccines that their, their two diseases they're afraid of for their kid. That makes them feel like they're at least doing something. Well, The polio one always gets thrown in my face. Yeah. They say it all, All the time. What about polio? Yeah. And I just go, I don't have the time to do this. Thank You. Read, read the book. I just, I to, to explain to someone the whole DDT connection and the fact that livestock was getting polio. Like this is the thing, like polio, dogs don't get polio.


They don't get human derived polio. It doesn't cross species. But they were getting paralytic polio symptoms because they were getting poisoned by DDT. Right. That was a big part of the whole thing. That was very confusing. Well, they started killing dogs, you know, in, in New York, in that incidence I told you about where the, the vaccine, the gain of function strain, escaped. People were throwing their cats out the window. Some 20,000 cats in New York City were killed during that time. Oh my God. Because they, there was a belief that cats spread the disease. Oh my god. Jesus Christ. That's so crazy. And it was all a mutant manmade virus. The manmade virus thing is, it was a Wound up virus, Wound up Wound up, wound up by, it was a, basically a natural virus that got kind of wound up by Humans so manmade to the f final form.


Yeah. That, that's just crazy that that's a thing that we do. Because if this gain of function research was so important, wouldn't you have a cure? Like ready? Like if you've been studying this for so long, but didn't they but it didn't, didn't really cure it. Right. Oh, cure. You know, I mean, wouldn't you have something that like stops it dead in its track? You're Not allowed to cure it. Look, I was living in a country where the government said there's no cure for cov covid. There is no treatment for it and there is no prevention for it except the vaccine. And lo and behold, we found out that there was a contract between the government and the pharmaceutical industry to have the emergency use of the vaccine trial on the, on the population only under the condition that there's no other treatment available.


And that's why the treatments were shut down. Right? Yeah. Because emergency use, there has to be no other treatment available if you have ivermectin or if you have zinc and All the other things that we used was success. You know, there were so many people that I treated that should have been dead. I gave Covid to a 95-year-old woman who had chronic lung disease called bronchiectasis. She should have been the low hanging fruit. I was starting to feel a little bit unhappy one day, really just sluggish, like you mentioned. And when I was done seeing her, she goes, I just wanna give you a hug. And she came over and I was going, oh no. And after about three days, I was like, I've definitely got it. I tested and I, I rang her daughter and I said, I've gotta tell you, you know, I was exposed, Margie was exposed to blah, blah, blah.


And she's like, yeah, mom's not feeling so good right now. And then two weeks later I thought, I've gotta call back again. I've gotta make sure this lady's okay. She said, oh no. Mom's out at the hairdresser getting her hair done. Two weeks later, I still wasn't recovered. Two weeks later she was out getting her hair done. Was she a smoker? She didn't smoke. She probably used to, I don't know if she, I can't remember that detail, but there was, my senior partner had leukemia. He should have been absolute, absolutely dead. Well, not on my watch. He wasn't gonna be dead. So he'd survived the entire thing and died like two years later of something else. So yeah, The, the most shocking aspect of getting attacked and like All the CNN stuff to me was that no one had any interest in why I recovered so quickly.


'cause if this There You go is supposed to be this death, death, death sentence and there's no treatment. And then I'm a guy in my fifties and I, I got over it quick and then no one cared at all about that. All they wanted to do is mock this idea that I was taking veterinary medicine right horse. Which I wasn't horse, but it was just the fact that they used that term horse dewormer on every TV show on like, wow, this is, it's wild to watch the machine. It's uniquely wild when it's coming after you. And you're like, but this is like such a dumb checker's play. I'm like, this is so stupid. I'm still doing my podcast. You fucking idiots. Right, true. And like, everyone's gonna know that you put a green filter over my face.


I'm gonna show everybody that you think you're just gonna get away with that. No, you're, you're gonna like lose all of your credibility idiots. It was just so fascinating to watch like this distorted understanding of like what America is willing to believe or the world is willing to believe. Like you're only preaching to the converted, the super hardcore, closed-minded, converted people. Everyone else knows. You guys are a joke now. And that's the good part of getting through Covid. The good part of this enormous gaslighting experience that we all just went through, where people are finally, after four years apologizing to friends, you know, for calling them a plague.


We're at, you know, like, like literally they, it got down to that where friends couldn't be friends with people anymore because they weren't vaccinated. And people are kind of like realizing like, oh my god, not only did I get covid more than anybody else 'cause I got three shots. Like I I, I had a friend telling this. He goes, I got Covid more than everyone I know. And I had all three shots. He's like, I got Covid eight fucking times. And we were like, how many times did you get it? And everybody that got it naturally was like, I got it once. Maybe I got it, I got it twice. But the second time I got it, it was literally a sniffy nose. Just literally a s And I was joking. 'cause we used to test everyone, including the, the guests. Everyone that came here, we tested for Covid.


And I was joking. I'm like, maybe this is it. Maybe I got it again. And she's like, you actually got it. I was like, no way. This is Covid. And it never got worse. It stopped right there. It was, that was it. One day, one day of a sniffly nose. And then A couple days later I, I said, all right, let's try and get tested again. See if we can still do another podcast. Yeah. And that was good. But I had to cancel podcast. You're not allowed to have a healthy immune system. You're not Allowed. But it's that. But the, the fact that that, that's the thing. It's like there's real science behind All the things you talk about in your book in terms of like the, the nutritional aspects of healthy foods being an important factor in your immune system.


Healthy. We were talking about juices and vegetable juices and All the different times that it's helped people overcome certain diseases and vitamin A and cod liver oil, which also has vitamin A which was always prescribed to people that were sick. Like all these things are, this is real science. Like there's real science and nutritional supplementation and the effects that it has on the immune system. And there's a real science in nutritional deficiencies And what a negative impact it has. This is all real. And if they truly cared about you, they would be telling you about that as a primary way of defending your body against disease and against all sorts of things that could go wrong. All sorts of things like get fit, eat healthy, and you're above everything.


Take supplements. You're above everything. Like you're in the top 1% of people that are gonna do great in life when it comes to getting sick. Just that and 'cause most people don't do that. That's right. So you have like what percentage of people like really eat healthy and really try to exercise on a regular basis? Is it even 10? Is it even 10% of us? I don't, it depends. I get maybe what state you live in. Let's just, let's just have a guess nationwide and see if there's a chart. See if there's a statistic. Let's guess what percentage of people eat healthy take vitamins and exercise regularly. I say 10%. What do you think? Yeah, it could be 'cause you still have got your teenagers and your young, you need college students that are in sports and things like that.


A lot Of older people are, you hope They would qualify. Yeah. But a lot of people like, you know, even though they would have a hard job, they still realize like, I gotta go to the gym before work and just, just get it in. 'cause if I don't, I won't have any energy. I'm better off this way. I know it sucks, but just do it. There's like people in it that have enough discipline to do that. So I woulda give it, I think it's one out of 10. That's what I think. What do we got, Jamie? I mean, A this is impossible thing. Yeah. It's a little bit impossible. What about AI Run that shit through Chad g pt. Well, I'm just you. How are you gonna get the answers? Is my my point. Not by Find chatter. Let's see, 1% of Americans work, people have to Honestly answer the, the question in a poll that they're, you know, Well let's ask Chad GP just for a group. I just, I'm my point chat g PT has to find the answer somewhere.


Right. But Let's see what she, what she says. Well, Okay, Well hold on. Let's just, for funsies, let's just say, I know Right out of the gate the answer is that 86% people take vitamins and supplements, which is four and five American adults. Is that Real? That's good. If that's true. That's really good. I wouldn't think that's true though. I don't buy that. That's what I'm trying To say. Yeah. I don't buy that. That's that's written by a supplement company. Yeah. And what supplements and how, you know, sometimes you can overdo, you do a hair mineral analysis on people and sometimes you find things that are, you know, pretty shocking in terms of that came from supplements. You know, you, you can overdo it with even selenium. Sure. It can end up with big problems. So there's Also a problem with cross-contamination. We, one of the things that we found out when we were selling Alpha Brain is that in the beginning when we would hire a lab to make the formula for us, like, so you, you, you have like a list of ingredients and then they, they put together this thing, which is a new tropic that we'd find stuff in there that we didn't have in there.


There You go. And it was from their bins. Mm. So they didn't clean their bins. So it's like, why is vitamin B12 in this? Like why is this in that? Why is that? And it's just because that's the same factor manufacturing place. Interesting. Where they make all kinds of stuff, creatine and all kinds stuff. It Didn't say how I got the answer, but it says less than 10%. Okay. Likely less than 10%. Okay. If you're talking about people consistently do all three, it drops significantly less than 10%, maybe even closer to three to 5%, depending on how strict your definition of healthy is. Yeah. That's So, you know, we're talkings what I was, that was a good guess. We're Talking about adults here, presumably. But you know, one of the facts is that the foundation that your immune system is, is created and developed in is probably, if not as more important than that.


And that is being born the vaginal birth versus a c-section, not putting down people who have had C-section. I'm just saying the science, the science shows that there is a distinct difference in c-section. Babies, immune systems versus non C-section. There's a distinct difference in breastfed babies versus non breastfed. And that there's a distinct difference in babies whose mothers have a healthy diet in breastfeed versus mothers who don't have a healthy diet in breastfeed. So that foundation actually makes your gut grow normally, which is a large part of your immune system. It colonizes your gut because the bacteria from your mother's gut goes into your gut, goes in from her gut, through her lymph system, into her breast, and then into your gut.


And so all that foundational stuff is something not to be ignored because it's gonna make you deal with diseases better. And if you have to get vaccinated, it's gonna make you deal with vaccines better, even as a child. Not that I'm in favor of that, but I'm just saying if you wanna set things up as, you know, solidly as possible to be able to take that insult. The problem is, we don't know 20, 30, 40 years later what the associations are between, you know, bone diseases, skin diseases, cancers, autoimmune diseases. We have some clues, I have some clues that nobody wants to look at. But we've got this long-term problem that nobody looks at long-term effects of lifestyle, of vaccination, of even SV 40. There was one study that started tracking a thousand SV 40 people that they knew were infected with SV 40 looking for diseases later in life.


And they stopped it after 19 years, again, axed when they still had over 700 people left in the study because they said too much time had gone by. Well, the fact of the matter is that's when the study should have started, 17 to 20 years later is when they sort of started looking at that point. Not one year, two years. But you know, most vaccine trials and drug trials, they don't, they don't vaccine trials. It's like two weeks is a almost a miracle for someone to follow out that long. Forget about looking months or years later doesn't happen. When you first decided to write this book, how much apprehension did you have? Zero. Zero. You were just fully convicted to get this idea out. Well, you know, it was a bit of a process if you wanna know it.


Yeah, sure. Yeah. So what first happened is that I kept getting challenged while I was, I stayed on for two years as a nephrologist in my hospital. So I wasn't kicked out. I left because like my soul just couldn't hang out there anymore. And so during that time, even though I was kind of ostracized behind my back, everybody still respected me as a nephrologist, but I still had to go. And in that, in that time, I started doing public appearances. Like I went on the Gary Null Show and started doing things like that, just talking about smallpox and polio because those were my focus because everyone saying, what about smallpox? What about polio? And then when I started finding out, I just, I became obsessed with it. It was so interesting. So I was morbidly fascinated by the whole thing and about how everything I found was absolutely contrary to what the mainstream dogma is.


And what I had was a mountain that, you know, pile high to the ceiling and they had sound bites. They had nothing to fight back with me on nothing. So this guy named Roman BI heard me on the radio show and he, he rung my office and after his third call I was like, I guess I better call this guy back. And, and he had this idea for a book and he had done All the charts and the graphics and started writing the narrative around that of, of what the historical document showed. And then I came in as kind of the medical person that was obsessed with polio and smallpox and happened to know quite a bit about pertussis. So we started writing the book together. And there's probably about there, there's gotta be, if you were to take a full-time job 20 years, at least 20 years.


But for me it was condensed because I became obsessed after I quit my job. All I did, I basically had no money. I lived in a tent with a popup camper that was my office. And I was like crazy. Ted Kozinski obsessed with polio in my tent and Wow. So no, I didn't have apprehension. I was like, this information, it's been so the, the US Polio surveillance unit charts were supposed to be available in libraries. Lo and behold, every library I went to to find them, I was told they're not here. There's only one library, the a MA library and you have to have special high security clearance to look at them. Well, I won't say how, but I got a hold of them. And what those documents show is that it wasn't just cutter laboratories that had a problem with live polio.


It wasn't just Wyeth All the vaccine com, we didn't talk about this, but All the vaccine companies had a problem with live virus in their injectable vaccines during salk's year. So 19 54, 19 55, up to 1959, they all were producing vaccine with live virus in it because Salk wouldn't listen to the scientists abroad who were saying his inactivation curve was where the sun doesn't shine. So that beginning of that and just tracking all that down and track asking the questions that you asked, well, where did polio go? Or, you know, what was really causing the paralysis? Why don't we see it today? Like, I had to answer all those questions and every question I answered, it was so satisfying that I just wanted to go onto the next question.


And so there was never any hesitation because I just, I actually, I was so single-minded that I didn't think about, you know, the, the threats that could happen as a result of that. And it wasn't until the, after the book was out that the threats happened and I'm still here. And look, I figure if anybody wants to do me, and now the timing is really bad because this is pretty much out there now. It's been out there for a while. The Jonas Salk thing was also wild. Yeah. I thought Jonas Salk was this genius that created this incredible virus that saved humanity. Mm. Yeah. So did I So many of our childhood fables turn out not to be true, but that was a big one. And it's still hard for a lot of people to, to believe.


But I just, I just think it's like anything, like if you're open to different information and, and I always say, look, I am, I may, may, I can make mistakes. I'm not infallible. Some, someone has actually found a mistake in the book. I actually went in and corrected it. Like that's the difference between me and these other people is that if I made a mistake, I wanna know about it and I will go and make it right. And I will publicly admit that I made a mistake. But I will say that 99.9% of what in this book, what's in this book is true factual and provable. And because I've done the research, but it's a hard thing to do. What doctor's gonna quit their job? I, I was lucky I didn't have kids. I didn't have, you know, medical royalty ancestors who would've been disappointed in me. I came from nothing. I wasn't afraid to go back to nothing.


And so that's why I was willing to live in a tent until this thing was done and published in 2013. So How long did it take you? I started working on it. Roman had been working on it for years. He had been going to libraries 'cause his kids got hit hard by his, an ex-wife who, who jabbed them. He didn't know about it. And they got really sick and then he started looking at old graphs and going, oh, that doesn't make sense. So he got obsessed in his own way with the numbers. He's the numbers guy. And so he had been working on it. And then the two of us together worked on it probably from 2009 to 2013. And then it was published in 2013.


We couldn't find a publisher. Even the alternative publishers didn't want anything to do with it. So we self-published. And then after it was successful, guess who wanted to publish our book? And I was like, Nope. Sorry. We're gonna carry on the way we are. Oh. But you're gonna get such more credibility. It's like unlikely. That's Funny. We did. Okay. If you give us money, you'll get credibility. If you give us most of your profit, take part of your successful business that you've worked on for five years or four years. Look, if you Won dollar a book, That would be sweet. Yeah. What a great deal. And then I'll have a prestige behind my name. Yeah, yeah. I've been published by a real company. When was the last time you looked at a book and said, let me check who published this. Exactly. Right. You know, maybe make sure somebody recommended this book, but Self-published.


It's all lies. I have never heard of this publisher. This is outrageous. What's that there for? Forbidden Science. Oh, Jacques Vallee. Okay. Jacques Vallee is probably the most interesting UFO researcher Okay. That I've ever talked to. He's the guy that was, you remember the French scientist? Do you remember Close Encounters of the third kind? Did you see that movie? Long time ago, but yeah. Long Time ago. Do you remember? There's a French scientist on the grounds courting with, with the army and explaining to everybody what's going on. Okay. That French scientist has modeled after this guy. This guy's been following UFOs since like the fifties or the sixties. Did he say the fifties? I mean like a long time. He's an older gentleman, but he's fascinating.


Okay. And he's very rational. Like when he talks about it, it's like he is very objective in what's nonsense and what's true And what we can't explain. It's, it's a fascinating subject. Yeah. I think similar threads would run through his experience. Definitely. Oh, I'm sure. Forbidden science. Yeah. Yeah. Well it's, for the longest time it was a ridiculed subject. Not, it didn't have the same societal impact as being a vaccine skeptic or a va an anti-vaxxer. Right. Like by, with that pejorative, they've done an incredible job of scaring people into just falling in line. Because if you question it and someone said, oh, did you know he's an anti-vaxxer?


All right, That's enough. That's It. That's all you need to hear. And you're gonna get the, after this podcast and I've already got it. You're Gonna get it big time. I've gotten it already. Yeah. You Know, they'll start picking apart my facts and they'll wanna come on and dismantle. This is what always happens. I come in first, I tell my story and then they bring in the experts who are able to take, without me being in the room, Of course. 'cause I can't be able to defend myself and then let the public believe that everything I said was just one big sack of lies. Well, they'll definitely be the usual suspects that'll be doing that. Yeah. But has anyone ever tried to sit down with you and have a conversation publicly about this and refute it? Mm, not that I can recall. No one's offered.


Yeah. I, I have to say I'm not that interested in, in doing that because I just feel like, you know, debate is, it's an actual skill to be a debater. People people study debate and people get really good at it. And I'm, I'm not a debater. Like I've put, if somebody wanted to debate me in writing, I would be happy to do that because then I could sit there and take my time, you know, go through the, the references that I needed rather than having to, You know, be Right. That makes sense. You know, a you know, Have your artillery ready ha You know, at me without having a shield pretty much. Right. And there's an anxiety aspect to that and like, You know, there's a lot of adrenaline and emotions and yeah, it's a skill. But I would do it only if we had a topic that was, you know, basically agreed upon beforehand that we could both upskill on and use what we know as as that debate point.


But it usually just becomes character assassination. It does. Yeah, it does. It's super unfortunate and it, it, it's really transparent when it's some about a serious subject. Like why do you have to attack someone's who they are, make, make it ridicule them instead of just refuting the facts or, or laying out your case. It just doesn't make sense that anybody who's right would do that. That's not what you do when you're Right, that's what you do when you're trying to ridicule people. And you usually try to ridicule people 'cause you need an edge. You know, it's like a, a bully. They're, they're like, if you see fighters like, like a, like a UFC fighter in his prime, like Anderson Silvas, one of the greatest of all time. If someone like God in his face and try to intimidate him, it would be kind of hilarious.


'cause he was the best fighter in the world. Right. So he wouldn't even have to do it back. Yeah. He could just smile at you. And that's sort of the same here when you're ridiculing someone spec, like right off the bat a bunch of, you know, ad hominems about that person, you're trying to diminish that person to set up your argument as being superior. 'cause you're the superior intellect and you're doing that because you don't feel like you're on level playing field. Yeah. And so you want to try to do something to push them off, make fun of them in some sort of way instead of just like laying out your version of what reality is. Lay out your version if you're so strong, if you're so correct, it should be super easy to do. Well just like in sports, it's the same here. It's like cheating is for losers. You don't, if you're a winner, you're not. You don't have to cheat.


And yeah. And that's the same with them. Like, if their product is so wonderful that everybody needs it so badly, then why is there such a, is they, what they say is that we're too stupid to understand how they're saving our lives and how they pro this is one of the big arguments that we really ought to touch on, is that they say that our lifespan has improved as a result of medical interventions when what we show in here And what other scientists have shown is that it's about 3.5% of the contribution from medicine goes into our expend extended lifespan, 3.5% based on antibiotics, vaccines, et cetera. The rest of it was all about the revolution, the health revolution, the clean water, the shelter, the electricity, the child labor laws, You know, ending.


So, You know, the magic of medicine is not what people think and it really traps, it really traps a lot of people. Like I, I think there's a value to, to the medical field in terms of surgery and certain drugs. And if you have an organ failure, like absolutely. But why not? Like my Hippocratic Oath said that I should consult, you know, any consultant that will help my patient and keep the wellbeing of my patient stable.


This episode is brought to you by Eight Sleep. Let's talk about a game changer in the world of sleep technology Eight Sleep and their revolutionary pod four Ultra. The pod is a high tech mattress cover that easily adds to your existing bed and is clinically proven to improve sleep by up to one hour per night. The pod regulates sleep cycles with precision and automatic temperature control for each side of the bed. So you and your partner can have your ideal sleep temperature. It also learns your sleep patterns and detects snoring, adjusting the bed's position to stop it. Plus it attracts sleep stages, heart rate variability and respiratory rate without wearable devices. So if you're ready to take your sleep and recovery to the next level, head over to Eight Sleep dot com slash rogan and use the code Rogan to get $350 off your very own Pod four Ultra. And you get 30 days to try it at home and return it. If you don't like it. I have it. I use it and I love it. Your body will Thank you for this investment in better sleep shipping to many countries worldwide. See details at Eight Sleep dot com slash rogan.


Hello friends, I want to tell you about my favorite sunglasses. They're called Rocha. They're made right here in Austin, Texas. And they're the best sunglasses I've ever found for outdoor activities. I can run around in them, I can do shit. They never fall off your head. They fit tight but comfortable. Roka is a super innovative independent eyewear company based right here in Austin, Texas. They work with top scientists and navy Seals and Olympic gold medalists and Ironman champions and some other incredible people to make the best, most comfortable and capable eyewear out there for people like you and me. And I'm telling you, ro as shit just works different. They feel great and you'll notice it from the first time you put it on your face. They don't fall off seriously. If you're sweaty, they stay in place even better. They don't slip gym stuff, kettlebells yoga sprints, chasing and the dog, whatever you're into, it could just be leaning over to pick up your kids. Everything stays on your face and feels great with crystal clear optics. It's great if you need prescription glasses or you're looking for sunglasses for summer, now's your chance. And they've got their best pricing on great looking styles, like up to 30% off crazy how good this shit is. So just go to roka.com, that's ROK a.com. Unbelievable product, crazy deals in a great cause. Check them out roka.com, you won't regret it. They are the shit.


Well to me that includes, you know, using every therapy that is, is as the most benign therapies possible. First, the ones that work along with the blueprint of a human body that go along with the, the, the, the theory of health rather than pounding down disease. You're always gonna get a better result that way. Assuming you've got time and you know you haven't waited till the last minute, Well you certainly will get a better result if you do get the disease that way. Like the idea that you could just ignore everything. But a a medication is so silly and it doesn't, the only reason why you would do that is if that's the only way you made your money. And that's really, especially if you're in the vaccine business and you're, you have an enormous ad budget and you're sponsoring All the television networks.


Well that's the big thing. And the other thing is people trust what they see on the television. Right. You know, C-N-N-I-C-N-N was my go-to thing for the longest, longest time. Yeah. And now I look at it and I think, oh my goodness, you know what cracked it for me is when, when they, when they publicly villainized Andy Wakefield. And I actually knew the story behind Andy Wakefield at the time. I was like, what was that story? The story behind him is that, you know, he was, he was the doctor, you'll hear he was publicly shamed, his license was removed. He, he published an article about what, what he called toxic nodular enterocolitis in children with autism. He was a gastroenterologist, a very high level, very well-respected, decorated gastroenterologist. And he published this paper which remained in a journal for 12 years.


And all it said at the end was, further research needs to be done in order to see if there is any real connection between the mm MR vaccine autism and toxic nodular enterocolitis. These kids suffer with horrible bowel disease. It's not just brain disease. And so he was about to publish another paper showing that in this certain type of monkeys that were vaccinated against hepatitis B, lost a lot of their reflexes and had problems. And it was on the eve of the publication of that paper that his original paper was revoked. And ever Since then he has been the poster child for vaccine nonsense for anti-vax crazy people. And in fact, every time I've done anything, his name funny that I brought his name up, I love him.


He's a great guy. But his name would always come up. Well you, you're a friend of Andy Wakefield or no Andy Wakefield because autism and vaccines has been, you know, debunked because Andy Wakefield lied. He didn't lie. All he said is, I did biopsies, I saw this and this is possibly a connection. And Since then, other scientists have come in done the same thing. Biopsies, then they looked at whether the vaccine virus was in that biopsy And it was, it wasn't a wild virus, it was the vaccine virus in that area, not the surrounding area. So there is a relationship between gut disease, MMR vaccine retained, you know, virus that hasn't been processed properly 'cause it didn't come into your body properly and disease brain disease.


So that's a fact. But CNN did a hit job on Andy Wakefield and I remember going, huh, well what's going on here? Because I know, I know what happened with that whole situation. Now CNN is saying this and that was kind of when, you know, the windscreen cracked for me and I just had to start questioning anything. And then you've got, you know, the doctors that go on there, there are a couple doctors, I think you interviewed one of them. Didn't you Interview Sanjay Gupta? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. There was a guy before him and some of the stuff he said was pretty unbelievable. That's what the public is gonna hear. You know, your best chances of dealing with this is to just get the vaccine. If you don't wanna get shingles, get that vaccine. Nevermind the whole other truth around that. Because like you say, it's the advertisers, but it's bigger than that much.


Does The shingles vaccine work? Well, what do you think about giving yourself a vaccine for something you already have? Like you think about it like chicken pox is a disease that we all got as kids. You got it as a kid. Probably you're kind of superhuman though. You didn't even get covid. I got it eventually. You did. Yeah. So I got I got it eventually. You got it. Eventually they broke you down. But I got chickenpox really bad and then I Got chickenpox when I was a Kid. Yeah, There You go. So back in the old days, we would all get chickenpox and then we'd be exposed to other kids that had chickenpox and We'd, we'd go over kids' houses if they had chickenpox. Yeah. People do they still do that? I didn't have to. I got it somehow. I don't know how I got it probably from my brother.


And so you have this dormant it, this, this virus lays dormant in your body until your immune system breaks down. So, but part of it's not just your immune system breakdown, it's the fact that all these kids are now vaccinated and the circulation of the disease. See some vaccines work in terms of they stop the circulation of the disease but add a detriment to us. So it's been a detriment for measles and it's been a detriment for chickenpox. So chickenpox, we used to get continuous, you didn't have, adults didn't get shingles. It was very rare for adults to get shingles before the, the chickenpox vaccine came out extremely rare. But Since then, the rate of shingles in adults and children has skyrocketed because we're no longer getting our boosters being exposed to the circulating microbes.


So now the solution to that is to give adults like four times the, the dose of the childhood chickenpox in an injectable vaccine against something that they already have. And so the theory is that you're gonna ramp up your antibodies and then you're gonna be able to do battle if your, if your viruses come out again, the only problem with that is that the problem is, is the immune system, if you get AIDS or you're on chemotherapy, your chances of that happening are really high. And yeah. Does the vaccine work or not? I don't know, but I i I just don't think it's, it's just to me, just a completely strange concept to inject myself with something that I already have along with All the other excipients and compounds that go in a vaccine that nobody wants to talk about either. So can you explain how a vaccine is manufactured?


Like how could they not know All the different stuff that's in it? Who, like, let's, let's, let's talk about like how the SV 40 got in there. So to, to you need something alive, you need some sort, some sort of tissue from a living creature in order to grow these things. Well in terms of the covid vaccine, you just needed to pile crap actually because it's made on e coli cells and that's where you find e coli. So with a lot of the other vaccines you do need living, like for, for tetanus, you need rotten meat. Okay. That's how the tetanus vaccines made with rotten meat. You were talking about tetanus earlier and you kind of glossed over it, but you didn't finish up. You were saying that that that tetanus itself, you started like googling and like reading about tetanus itself.


Yeah, Yeah. A big wake up call with tetanus. So you know what we see if, if, if anyone's worried about tetanus, what we're shown is a picture of a soldier from like the 18 hundreds with his, he's naked and his ar his back, his arch. If you just Google tetanus right now and you look for images, you'll get this image. And so that's what we're told will happen if we get tetanus, it's a sure thing you're just gonna get tetanus and you're gonna die. Well the fact of the matter is that when I started doing my deep dive in World War I look, it was fought in the trenches with horses. That's where you get tetanus from. Ruminant animals lives in their gut, then it goes in the soil and it's just a spore doesn't do anything until it gets into an area that doesn't have oxygen. So you get a cut, you get a surgeon, close you up real nice without cleaning it out properly.


And you're a setup for tetanus, which will transform from a spore to a different kind of a microbe and start releasing a toxin that can, it first starts as numb numbness. Usually in that limb. It's the extreme case is in that soldier who would've been malnourished, stressed out, probably vaccinated for smallpox before he hit the fields and exposed to enormous amounts of, of tetanus prob possibly gunshot wound or a slice somewhere and then sewn up. So yeah, his nervous system could have had a real big dose of toxin and nobody did anything about it. That's the worst case scenario. You don't want that to happen. But in today's, today I've treated tetanus, let's just put it that way. I've treated several cases of tetanus.


Some one of the cases was a neurologically diagnosed tetanus. So tetanus is treatable, you can get on it early rabbit sh rabbit studies have shown that if you give vitamin C, if you have a good high vitamin C level before you put glass with tetanus spores on it inside the skin of a rabbit, that you can prevent the tetanus from happening. Even if you give the vitamin C at the time of the injury, you can prevent it from happening. If you give it after the event, the death rate goes down to, you know, very, very low if not zero. So vitamin C is a main factor, but the biggest factor is cleaning a wound and keeping the wound open if you think it's a dirty wound. And not to close it straight up, which is why nails you say stepping on a nail's the classic because rust can kind of hold the old spores inside of it.


You step on the nail, you get inoculated and then you wait for it to, to heal over. Well you have to open that wound if that's gonna happen. But You know, but tetanus has been, there were, there was a, there's a whole series of reports on instances where the cotton that was made for menstrual pads for women postpartum was impregnated with tetanus. And they, they got horrible cases of tetanus just from using those menstrual pads. So the hospital systems have also been, you know, responsible. The biggest thing is that being vaccinated for tetanus is not necessarily security against not getting tetanus. Now am I telling people not to go get vaccinated or, or not? No, I'm not. I'm just saying there's so much, look, every vaccine, there's so much more to the story that should be considered.


You can have different strains of tetanus and, and if you're living on a field that has ruminant animals, you'll be, whether you like it or not, you're gonna be eating whatever's down in that field and you're gonna be inoculated and have antibody and probably cell mediated immunity against it. So you'll already have some immunity to that. So worst case scenario is you have no immunity, you go get a dirty wound and you don't get any real competent medical care for it. Yeah. You can end up getting, having a problem with tetanus, whether you're not gonna have lock jaw and an arch back and die unlikely today for that to happen. But most tetanus that happens is delayed onset. So the earlier your symptoms come on, the worse the tetanus is gonna be.


If it comes on later, generally the better you're gonna do treated with high doses of magnesium, high doses of vitamin C, local wound care. That's the best thing that you can do up to you if you wanna go get jabbed for tetanus after you learn everything about it. Everything's on my Odyssey channel by the way. That's where all that, 'cause I got canceled out of YouTube for talking about vitamin C for all of all things. So everything's now on Odyssey. All my videos are on Odyssey and I do do one that's just on tetanus and again, medical reference after medical reference. I don't make this stuff up, I just report what I read. Yeah, It's crazy that they just kick you off YouTube for reporting studies. Yep. Yet you can have like pornography and murder and all kinds of other stuff on there.


It's pretty horrifying. Some of the things that flash across like I wish, I can't unsee that now. Have you ever posted your stuff on X? Yes. Lots of stuff on X. Yeah. So most of this stuff is available there. Well I got canceled out of Twitter when it was Twitter and I, I could not make another account. It's like they knew where I was. They, they were able, even when I was using different phone numbers and different emails, I could not restore an account or they Got your ip. Yeah, They maybe that's what I used. I used VPN as well. Couldn't do it really. Then I would get an account set up and then they would say, you went against standards and cancel it. So anyway, only they Must have put a cookie on your phone or something. Maybe. Did you try a new phone? I tried a computer too. Wow. But I did finally get a, get an account.


I was able to open an account and get a blue check mark, but I've only got like, don't have that many followers. I'm gonna went from having over 95,000 to having nothing and now rebuild. And that's, they love that. They love to let us build ourselves up and chop us down and make us rebuild and Scatter. What is your account? We'll help you out. It's Dr. It's Dr. Suzanne h seven D-R-S-U-Z-A-N-N-E-H seven. Yeah. And I only, look, I don't post my opinions about different things in the world or dog and cat pictures. Like I post stuff about vaccines. You know, I like, I stay in lane as as best as I can. So for you, was the Covid pandemic, was that like a big wake up call for people to start reading your book?


Okay, We've, we've had pretty good sales. Like Roman keeps, 'cause he does All the accounting and he says we just have a good amount of steady sales. And once in a while we'll see, like every time you mentioned the book, we had a little blip on it during Covid, every time Bill Gates comes out and says something stupid, we have a big surge in our sales. So they actually help us when they sit with their, you know, we're, we're gonna, if we vaccinate enough people we can help depopulate. It's like, okay. And for whatever reason our book sales go up. Well when he starts talking about vaccine deniers and vaccine skeptics, when, whenever they started doing that and the way the language that they would use was like when the president was saying, our patience is wearing thin.


We've been patient with you, but our patience is wearing thin. And the White House prints this thing that if you're vaccinated, you did your job. But for those unvaccinated, you're looking, looking forward to a, what did they say? A winter of Oh, A dark winter. Yeah. Of death and disease. Like what, You know, dark winter was a tabletop exercise. Do You know about tabletop exercises? I do, but what does dark winter? So Dark winter was one, you Can explain tabletop Exercise that involves smallpox. Well, there are lots of them, but Johns Hopkins does, I have a whole PowerPoint on this too, but Johns Hopkins conducts a lot of them. They, they involve fictional scenarios where, you know, there could be pandemics and terroristic depositions of toxins and chemicals and microbes that were manipulated in a lab.


And then who in this, in our society is gonna respond and how they're gonna respond like the CDC and DARPA and the news outlets are always up utmost importance is the news outlets and the messaging that goes to the news outlets in these tabletop exercises. But dark winter was one that was a tabletop exercise after the World Trade Center is thing when we were pointing our fingers at Iraq and weapons of mass destruction. And a Russian scientist that, you know, had weaponized smallpox and brought it to Iraq, which they never found by the way. But because of that, that's why I was asked to get vaccinated for smallpox in 2003 was that dark winter whole, that dark winter thing that was going on. Thank God there were a few people in the CDC and consultants, old guys, the old guys with integrity that like knew the deal from the old days who were saying, wait a minute, smallpox is not easily transmitted.


So that's a, that's a no-no. So even if there is a terroristic smallpox drop, it's not gonna be easily, easily transmitted. It's treatable not high. And the vaccine doesn't necessarily pre pre prevent it. And so that was kind of one of the things that stalled it all out. But then they did the study on the Marines. 'cause they All, the part of the, the exercises are we must do tests for the new vaccine. They use the old vaccine, the dry ax. And there were lots of problems with those military people. And then I was asked to sign a 63 page informed consent, basically saying that I understood All the problems that could happen to me. That I didn't have little kids in my life, that I wasn't gonna be able to spread it.


I would isolate after I got the vaccine. So they were ultra, ultra careful about this one because they knew they were dealing with something that could be get a very bad reputation. Reputation. The reason they ultimately canceled it is because any doubts, whether or not well funded, must not be allowed to exist. Because if we were saying, oh my gosh, we have this terrible smallpox vaccine, how did they do it back then? We have the same vaccine and people are getting really sick and dying and having cardiomyopathies, that's a problem. And so that's why the truth gets locked down over Covid. We know, look, you've seen the athletes dropping dead, you know about the cardiomyopathies and the pulmonary emboli and, and all that kind of thing. Nobody's talking about the stem cells that the newborn babies are born without. Nobody's talking about the fact that there are now death doulas to deliver dead babies.


Like that wasn't even a thing before. But I've got a friend that's a midwife who tells me that they are now creating a new field, which are midwives that only deliver dead babies. They did nothing else. They didn't need that before. Covid was an absolute nightmare in terms of obstetrics, gynecology, labor and delivery. A lot of midwives that, that got done and, and because they didn't get vaccinated, they don't even wanna go back now that they can go back because they don't wanna have their good reputations of a hundred percent of, you know, normal births. Being, dealing with what's being dealt with today in terms of the birth problems that are happening because of the actual vaccine itself. It cause look, if it causes problems and blood clots in our circulation, what do you think it's gonna do to a placenta that is pretty much all blood vessel?


That's all it is. It's like a big blood vessel sandwich is what it is. And there was no studies that showed that it was safe to give to pregnant women, but yet they were saying that, Well, there's, look, every influenza vaccine PA package insert says it's never been tested for carcinogenicity or mutagenicity and pregnant women. Yet it's recommended every year for every pregnant woman and every time they get pregnant or not, it's recommended. Same with the pertussis vaccine. Give it to pregnant women. Nevermind that. It changes the immune, the immune reactivity of the infant. Nobody talks about these things. This is what I say when, you know, it's like the truth is so much more complicated than the soundbite lie. The soundbite lies is what gets around the world three times.


The Science is settled, Science is settled. There's no debate needed because the likes of me are so crazy And, you know, whacked out And you know, I'm trying to just destroy the, the good, the good order of the, the general public things like that. Blood on your hands. Oh, that's a good one. I always love that one. Yeah, It's a fun one. Yeah, I like that one. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Put, see if you can pull up Rational Wiki and Humphreys. You'll enjoy this. I wanna see the image of the guy with tetanus. Did you find that Was Lago? Can I just see one? I wanna see what it looks like when you're locked up. It's An old painting. Well, the one I saw was like AI one. So can I ask you, when you've treated people that have tetanus and didn't have the tetanus shot, or did they get tetanus and they had the tetanus shot?


Well, the, the one that had the worst tetanus had had lock. John had the tetanus shot. Sorry, does that comes up put in painting. Whoa. Put in artwork. Literal look that dead guy, but go up to that dead guy. Yeah, right there. That's not real. I Mean, it looks real. It looks fake as shit. Does it? It does not to me, bro. It could be. It could be. Bro. Look at, he's, he's clearly been in the hospital for a really long time. He probably got hospital acquired tetanus. There's a bunch of Kids. I don't wanna put this on the screen, I'm just Okay. You know, I Right. No, this was, But that image right there. Why, what makes you think that that's fake? The blur. It's very Blurry. Yeah, that is weird. That part there looks, it definitely, It does look fake. Not Ns I guess, but Oh yeah, it's probably a bunch of Nazi tattoos. But If you put in painting, painting, soldier tetanus that then it will come up.


Is that it? Right there? There it is. First one, right? There's very famous. That's what's on the Wikipedia page as well. So this is if, so That, that you don't want that to happen, Joe, If you do get tetanus and there is no antibiotics, and this Is surely what will happen to you Now today, how would you treat someone who got tetanus? All the, there are antibiotics, you know, that you, you, but mostly it's supportive care until, you know your therapy starts to work. So some people end up, if if it's not dealt to in time, You can end up ventilated. But again, that's, it's a theoretical problem. But if you get on it in time, that's not, certainly not been my experience. And so the ones that I've treated that haven't been vaccinated have had the easiest mildest cases. But so your point is, I don't know.


I've not done a large randomized controlled study. But, but what's really important here is what you're saying is that even if you get the tetanus shot, if you step on a nail, like you could still get tetanus look The te one of the Tet in order to make tetanus immune globulin, which is another option when say you have a, a cut and your magic tetanus shot doesn't work right away, then you can get an immune globulin injection that came from somebody who has had tetanus. Usually these are people who have actually had tetanus, not who have been va. And one of the don, one of the donors that's in the literature that I use is somebody who has had natural tetanus despite having several, several vaccines. So no, the tetanus vaccine is not a guarantee against, says it's, It's like a severe tetanus.


Yeah, That's right before you die. They call it severe. Yeah. But it said it could also be caused by meningitis. So this is the, this is the kind of the dead baby equivalent of, you know, that they use for tetanus. So this was a soldier, I believe during a, a very long time ago. And he was, they don't even show you his wound. He's probably stepped on something. It can happen. I'm not saying it can't, but again, are parents given well-rounded information? No, they're not, they're not told that there are actually things You can do to prevent tet. They shouldn't, they at least be told how to clean out a wound. Right. And not to let anybody sew it up. And secondary healing is a thing. Like some people get open heart surgery and because they get infections. I've seen this happen. They, they just leave everything open and let it fill in on its own.


You end up with a big scar, but they're still alive because the, the infection was able to heal from the inside out or rather the wound was able to heal from the inside out. What you don't want to happen is the wound to heal from the outside because then you're locking in dead tissue, which is a perfect setup. Tetanus loves dead tissue, which is why they use dead rotten meat to grow the vaccine. O Toxoid, What is it like to have your entire view of medical history do a, a 180? Like what is, what is it like to be a practicing doctor and someone who never would've imagined this until you faced these Forces trying to, it's kind of exciting actually, vaccin, because during my medical residency, like towards the end of it, I was like, I just thought one day I'm not a healer.


I don't, I don't know how to heal anything. I'm just prolonging people's lives, treating their diseases with drugs. Like I'm a glorified pharmaceutical technician. I realized that one day and I was like, I'm not a surgeon, I can't do surgery. So I write prescriptions, I do diagnoses and I write prescriptions. So I decided to go into a field where people really needed prescriptions. Like if you don't have kidney function, you're on dialysis. Like that's one of the glories of medicine. Like you can prolong people's lives. I really enjoyed that. But then after I left completely and started studying real physiology beyond what I learned in medicine, look, I'm learning a lot of the stuff you're learning too, you know, the new tropics and all that stuff that you talk about. Well, I'm learning about that. That we are, I I love it actually. It's exciting. I've been liberated from, from a prison essentially from a stupid prison where, where you're, where my brain was locked down and I was told what to do and how to do it, and then watching the results.


It would be one thing if the results were good, okay, but the results aren't good. Like you, we treat symptoms, we treat hypertension. Hypertension is a symptom, it's not a disease. Hypertension can come from lots of different things. That's just one case in point. So I really love being able to now have the freedom to look at the full human being and their physiology and look at them as an electromagnetic entity that has some chemicals and, and, and vitamins and help them direct their body back towards the blueprint that it was designed upon. And that's to me what real healing and real medicine is about. It's not about being anti antibiotic, anti this, anti that. It's like, how about pro-life? How about we get your, you know, you're going out working every day, that's great.


'cause You know why you're getting your blood and your lymph flowing and your sweating, you sweat, you know, the aluminum comes out in your sweat. Toxic metals come out in your sweat. You create salt levels in your blood that stimulates your skin immune system, which is a separate entity. Like, I didn't know any of this when I was a conventionally practicing doctor to even say like, I wanted to detoxify mercury out of my patients in order to lower their blood pressure. And I was told that that was not allowed. We are not, it's like, well then I don't wanna do this anymore because I know from a hair mineral analysis and from a chelation test that that person is burdened with aluminum and mercury. And I know that those, both of those things can raise blood pressure. So why wouldn't we wanna remove that? The same reason we're not allowed to say vaccines.


You know what a multi-billion dollar industry blood pressure treatment is and cholesterol treatment is. Oh no. Forget about it. Yeah, I mean I saw malignant hypertension after it happened after a tetanus shot, an adult patient of mine. And so that was another one, you know, thing that woke me up and I was like, well gosh, that's weird. And then I, you look up, you see there's other case reports and then you're told, well, case reports don't mean anything. You need randomized controlled studies. Yeah. So it's, it's, it's like there's frustration at every corner. But I love doing what I do now and, and I love, I love the fact, look, it was all, it's all great. Like I, I wouldn't change anything in my life, let's put it that way. And I'm really glad I have the background of conventional medicine, but that's like background of conventional medicine is like year one and really learning about healing in life.


It's just, it's the very basics. And, and, and doctors still need to keep learning. But what most conventional doctors are mandated to keep learning, but they can, they're told where they can read to get their credits every year. You can only get your credits from reading this and answering the questions like a good little doggy every year, which I still have to do. But, but beyond that, when I have my own spare time, you know, like I've learned ozone therapy, I've, I've learned how to use vitamin C, I've learned how to look at the body electromagnetically and use bioresonance and the, there's just so much stuff you can do that really helps people and keeps them out of a whole bunch of trouble that they would've gotten into if they went and took allergy medicines and got their tonsils out or kept on their blood pressure medications and let the inflammation go wild in their body and didn't know anything about how to dampen.


Look, most disease comes from inflammation. You know, cholesterol's trying to save you. It's not trying to kill you. The cholesterol is a response to inflammation. It's like your fever's trying to save your life. It's like everything in medicine is about dampening down the, the symptoms that are trying to save your life. You know? So it's like I look at it and I think, I can't believe I ever actually agreed upon that. Well, it took a lot of courage to step out of line and speak your mind. And I'm really glad you did because I, I hope more will realize that this is what a doctor's supposed to do. And you're not supposed to be a spokesperson for an industry that's pretty sociopathic, You know, which makes some, You know, great strides.


Look, there's a lot of amazing orthopedic surgeons and eye surgeons and neurosurgeon. There's a lot of amazing work being done by medicine. But then there's also the pharmaceutical drug company, which when attached to that and to the money people, they wanna make more money every time they can. Every quarter. They wanna have a bigger quarter, they wanna a bigger house, they wanna a bigger jet and they just keep going. And the way to get money is to get you to take their stuff. It's not to heal you. The way they really make money is to convince you that you're sick. And if that wasn't the case, we would have more medical freedom than we have. Right, right. Because we would have choices. We would have options.


We wouldn't be told what we have to do to protect the public. You shouldn't be shamed for getting better from some other way. That wouldn't be a thing. I know. That wouldn't be a thing. Pretty Crazy, isn't It? Yeah. It's pretty weird. Thank you. Well Thank you very much for, for doing what you do and for writing that book. 'cause it was, it was a real eye-opener for me. You know, it, I I had no idea. I had no idea the history of these things. I had no idea the correlations between like when the vaccine was induced And what, when the death rates had already dropped down. I didn't know all that stuff until I read your book. He Gave you the book. I do not, not remember. Don't you don't came from don't. Somebody recommended it. Okay. And and you Read it. Yeah. Cheers To you. Well, it's Paige Turner, you know, it's, I listen to it in my car too and I listen to it in the sauna.


It's one of those books that you kind of have to go over it a couple of times just to sort of digest it and go, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a wait, a wait, wait a minute. Wait, wait. Hold on. Apple cider vinegar, they were using to stop people from getting smallpox. Yeah. Like what the fuck is that? How is that real? Like the doctors were saying that they were treating people with smallpox and they didn't worry about getting it because they were consuming apple cider vinegar multiple times a day and it actually worked. That's, That's what the reports showed. Even today. Apple cider vinegar, You know, it's had a big resurgence in terms of new, You know, keeping your gut pH nice and low so that you can digest your food better, which has downstream effects to everything, but it's also a fermented product.


You know, it's, it's, it's got a lot of benefits out, not just that, but even on the skin it's like really great to put on chickenpox and probably smallpox as well. But if I may just direct people to Dissolving Illusions dot com because if you just go to Amazon, you're not gonna, there's two different versions of the book. There's the original one that you read and then there's the 10th anniversary version that has 200 extra pages and we delineate early on what the new, what the new pages, what the new chapters are. So you don't have to go read the old stuff if you don't want to. What Do the new 200 pages cover? It covers tuberculosis, it covers, oh one of this, one of the chapters I really love. It's, it's toxic medicine of the past. All the different crazy treatments that I was telling you about. And then I added a whole bunch of the hooping cough 'cause more information came out after 2013.


So we added that in and then we published a second book, which is all full of doctor quotes from 200 years because people say, why are you the only one? It's like, well I'm actually not the only one. It's like, back then this was what was recorded from doctors and public health officials, which is probably 1% of what actually was said. And then we have hard to find vaccination tragedies, Royal Commission on vaccination timeline. And then we have rare documents at the back that has like the Encyclopedia Britannica where they hired a very highly decorated, well-known, highly respected doctor to write a chapter on smallpox. And at the end when he did what I did and basically looked at All the facts, he decimated the, the vaccine completely so that you can't really find that very easily anymore.


So this one is called the Companion book to Dissolving Illusions. And then, but if you, you can see All the versions and all, we've been translated into eight languages. We're about to be translated into Chinese. But the best resource is Dissolving Illusions dot com and it will show you what your options for purchase and where You can purchase the different books if you wanna, you know, an alternative press. We have an alternative press for those people that don't wanna do Amazon. So yeah. And All the different languages and the different versions are on there. Alright. Yeah. Thank you again. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Really appreciate it. My pleasure.


This episode is brought to you by Paramount Plus your next Family Crime Saga obsession is coming This march to Paramount Plus Mob Land, an explosive new series from the underworld of Guy Richie Stars. Tom Hardy Pierce Brosnan and Helen Mirren go inside the Harrigan crime family who will stop at nothing to ensure they come out on top in a war that threatens to topple empires and destroy lives. Don't miss the new episode of Mob Land Now streaming on Paramount Plus.