
Joe Rogan podcast, Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience Train by Day Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. You had a crazy fucking life, man. Like a really crazy life spent. That's what I'm saying. So to get everybody up to speed right from the beginning, you spent 25 years undercover working for the FBI in the Klan Nazi organizations and biker gangs, And then some. Yes, sir. What a crazy, crazy life that is. What, first of all, how did you get, how did you first get started doing that? Good question. I grew up in South Carolina, played ball, all that stuff.


I, I, I was always kind of a, I mean, if you look back, not trying to be cocky, whatever, 'cause that's not it. You've had plenty of people on this show that are complete bad asses. But I was kind of a bully of bullies. I didn't, I always looked out, I liked the underdog. I bounced in college, so I was already learning that gift of gab and fight techniques and stuff like that. And then I got, I became a cop because when I was in college, I took a course. I'm, I'm taking electives. I went to college, so I'd have four more years to figure out what I was gonna do. Yeah. Because I didn't know what I was doing. Me Too. Except partying. Except, you know, I did three years. I did, I was good at partying, but I had an elective that was criminal justice.


And man, I really liked it. Psychology was always a strong thing for me. But it took a back seat. And I ended up coming out with a major in criminal justice and a minor in psychology. But during those criminal justice courses, I was like, at first for a fleeting moment, I said, I'm gonna be an attorney. Yeah. I'll be an attorney. And then I realized I'd be a terrible attorney. I said, because if I was the defense attorney and they said they did it, I would probably just walk in and go, they did it. Right. That's not gonna get me any clients. And if I was the prosecutor, I pictured me being like Sam Kenis and grabbing 'em and going, say it, say it. You know, you did it. So I'm like, yeah, it's probably not the best role for me. And I did a ride along with cops and of the department and that was it.


But once I got into law enforcement, I was uniform patrol for three years. I was just so fascinated with undercover. I don't know what it was. I can't really remember doing the book. I've tried to dive back in. People ask, I don't really remember. I just know that I loved undercover movies, period. If it was a biker, undercover, I don't care how cheesy it was. I love 'em all. And then one of my mentors at the sheriff's office, he was actually the world's strongest man in the late eighties after Kasier. Oh wow. He was a, he was a former Marine and big dude. And he, as a task force had gone on a task force, had gone undercover in some biker gangs.


And man, I just, I, I was, I wanted to be a biker. I grew up on motorcycles and then just started taking off from there. You gotta think that biker gangs are probably super suspicious of people being undercover. 'cause it's such a theme. You think it's been around, right. It's been around forever. The stories of guys infiltrating biker gangs, it's been around forever. 40 Plus years right now. Easy. Wow. Yeah. And then there's, then there's books made. There's books made. They go to court. Right. They learn. Yeah. So it was right after the Vietnam War. Right. That's when All the biker gangs Really kicked off. Believe sir. Off. I think it goes back to world. I mean, my, my history's bad, but I think it goes back to, to World War at least two. Right. Really? Because all those, the way it goes, everybody always asks what a one percenter is.


And it goes back, I think it's 1947, but it goes back to when your veterans are getting out. They have nothing. They're not, they, they had no decompression back then. Right. They had no plans or programs for 'em. And they've been out here living this raucous, rowdy life, and now they're back in the States, and now they're supposed to just flip and be like, right. So they started creating these clubs and they were doing some raucous and rowdy stuff. And then it was the president of the American Motorcycle Association. They came out and made this statement that said something to the effect of, listen, 99% of all motorcycle riders are good law-abiding citizens. There's only 1% that's bad. And they took that as a badge of honor and said, we're one percenters.


Wow. Yeah. Cool stuff. Cool stuff. So who was the first person to infiltrate them? Do you know the history Of that? Oh boy. I know. I Don't. But so it's been going on forever. As soon as they found out. Yeah. It's like it's been the case with the mob. It's been the case with everything. Sure. Johnny Brasco, you know. Yep. My, my mentor, one of my Really? Yeah. Joe Pistone. Absolutely. Oh, wow. He helped certify me. I saw him probably within the last six months or so. He graciously, he did a blurb in the book too. Oh wow. I call him Boss Man, you know. So do you remember your first undercover assignment? Yes. Yeah. What'd you have to do? It was at the sheriff's office. So I, after three years of uniform, I make it to narcotics investigator.


Well, you got, it's, it's a tough crowd, but we're funny, you know, but it's, it's just like a good military group or anything else. There's gonna be a lot of ribbon and stuff like that. So they, they said, Hey, you're gonna go buy some dope tonight. It's my first time. Now, granted, I bought weed and stuff in high school, and I was around those groups, but I never brought crack cocaine. I was already probably six four and I probably was about two 70 pounds. I I did not look like I smoked crack Unless I just fell off the wagon. Just real recent, or I just started, yeah. Right. I'm, I'm the vegan that shows up still smelling like beef, You know? Right, right. I just stopped. But they told me that, Hey, it's real easy. You're just gonna roll down to this corner.


It's a known draft, a drug drug trafficking area. You can roll down there, white boy, you're gonna roll down the window. They're gonna come up to you and say, what do you want? And back then it was a 20, you just get a rock, 20 bucks for a rock and say, all you gotta do is hold that 20 and say, you just want a 20 Joe. I drove down there. I know, I, I was, I know I was scared because I was outta my comfort zone. But I was also scared to make a fool of myself in front of the narcotics guys and gals that were training me. And I roll down the street and I pull up and they come running up to the window, what you want? What you want? I cracked the window. I crack it about this far, and I stick a 20, like I'm trying to go to a vending machine. Right. I'm like, I want a 20, You know?


And the dude's like, he takes the 20, but he can't hand me the crack rock back through the cracked window. He is like, roll the damn window down. And I'm like, oh, my bad. It is probably like a sliver of soap. Who knows? But that was my first drug buy first. Undercover. Like legit. And so what was the protocol like? You had to buy the drug and then what do you do? It depends case by case basis. We may wanna make numerous buys on that corner, try to come in with the jump out boys, they used to call 'em and shut that corner down for a while. We may be trying to, to make buys on the low level people on the corner selling who are probably most likely users, at least from my experience. So maybe like every five crack rocks they sold, they can peel one for themselves.


And maybe we want to get them, build the case on them, kind of try to climb it up. Mm. And then find out who's the distributor. Yeah.


This episode is brought to you by Visible. Is your wireless full of stuff you didn't sign up for? You don't need or don't understand. Visible gives you everything you want from wireless with nothing. You don't, no confusing plans, no hidden fees, no nonsense with visible. You get unlimited data talk and text powered by Verizon's 5G Network plus unlimited hotspots included. Plus they're an all digital wireless service. So you can easily switch within a matter of minutes from your phone, either in their app or online, ready to switch, get the visible plan one line with unlimited wireless for just $25 a month, every month taxes and fees included. So you know exactly what you're paying every single month. Don't think wireless could be more transparent. So visible. Well now, You know, switch today at visible.com/rogan terms apply, see visible.com for planned features and network management details.


And that's, that was like the state and local. We, You know, hit it. Everybody's a little different, but three buys, hit 'em with a search warrant kind of thing. Something like that. And ultimately, so when you're doing this, you're, you're, you're buying, you're trying to get a, develop some sort of a relationship or an understanding of how this thing goes down. How do you get to who's selling it to them? Do you have to arrest them first? You Can. You can. Or you can do, there's all kinds of ways. But you could do like a wall off. In other words, not let everybody see us pick you off, you know, so you don't get burned, bring you in, talk to you, and this is what we got on. You we're trying to figure out who it is. And it's just traditional law enforcement. You're trying to find more intel and work your way up And you offer them a community or something like That.


Depends. Some people are, some people do it outta the goodness of their heart. Really? Yeah. It's, I mean, it's rare, but I mean, you can do it. Hey, I'm patriotic. I want to help clean this up. These people are trying to sell me dope. I don't like 'em. I can go buy it for you. A lot of times we're paying a source or they could be working off a charge. It could be part of their plea agreement. So this is your first one. You get comfortable doing that. And then how often are you doing this? Oh, I don't know. I mean, it, we could come in, let's just say there's six investigators on Northern or Southern Command Narcotics in Greenville County. You, you might be one of my partners. And we come in and you go, Hey, I got a source. He's gonna go make a buy tonight.


You might hop in the car with him. It just happens. It gives, I mean, it's almost a daily thing. And so you develop your skills doing this. You get real good at being undercover. And then how do you move on to the big boys? How do you move on to biker gangs, Nazis and Shit? I got hired by the FBI. Wow. And was it specifically because you were good at undercover shit or No? No. You see a picture of me, I had to, this is me, but for the academy, I mean, it's a cheesy thin, in fuzzy mustache. Can't go past the crease of your lip high and tight. You gotta get your haircut at the PX in Quantico, it was usually foreign ladies that, that were cutting your hair. It doesn't matter how I'd explained what I wanted.


I got the same haircut every time. You take it up a little bit here and not so much here, like, oh yeah, yeah. Front. You're like, all right, There You go. I Guess this is what we're doing. But one thing I noticed in the, at the state level was we would all go back then the South Carolina Criminal Justice Academy is in Columbia, South Carolina. So we would go there and get certified. But in your county, I mean, how many ways can I shape? I'm in the same county and you're going out here making bias. How many times can I change my car, change my outfit, change my facial hair, the hair on my head until everybody starts knowing I'm a narc? Right. You know, 'cause when you're in that local environment, and I mean, I'm talking Greenville, South Carolina, Miami might be a little bit different or New York City, but you're going to court a lot and people are seeing you in court.


And then, so how do you roll out there? So a lot of it turns into just running sources. To me, I believe developing and running sources is hand in hand with undercover, because other than them not being a bonded law enforcement officer, and, and I don't have a felon on my record, but they do, they're still the ones we're wiring up and going in to get the evidence. So a lot of it over the last many years with the defund, the police and the, and the black eye, it's hard to recruit. It's hard enough to get people to fill the uniform slots. So you really don't have anybody doing undercover. Most of, most of your smaller departments that I've taught or talked to or learned from is they're just running sources.


Really? So this all stopped during defund of the police, like The George Floyd Times? Yeah, a lot of it, yeah. It's the pendulum swings. Right. Or it could be that, because generations are different these days. People come to apply and they've got felons on their record. And we're like, bro, you can't, you can't be a cop. You got a felon on your record. You know? But I remember thinking, wouldn't it be kind of cool if South Carolina Criminal Justice Academy had all of the certified undercovers in some type of database where it says, Hey, Scott's skillset is biker. You know, riding motorcycles can go in a biker bar or whatever, strip clubs, this, that, and the other. Maybe Charleston County needs somebody. Wouldn't that be cool if I could just shoot down there and, and make buys for Charleston County, but go back then that way nobody knows me in Charleston County.


Right. And when I got in the FBI, that's kind of what they do. You get certified in the FBI and you. I mean, you can go around the world. So What was your initial job in the FBI? The f You are a case agent. When you get hired, you're su the only responsibility you have really is you are a case agent. And that means you investigate, you do your own cases. I did that the entire career. Even when I was doing undercover. I was still a case agent, but I, I went through the academy. I got New York City as my first office, and New York is the largest office. So they put you kinda like on a rotation. You don't just go straight to a squad, you're gonna be like, they don't want you to learn the city.


They want you to learn the ins and outs of having a placard and the bus lane and all that stuff. Or just how to figure out how to get into the damn Lincoln Tunnel when six lanes go like that. You know? But eventually I went through the rotation and I got placed on the Columbian drug squad. So there, then people start learning. You were a certified undercover at a state level and this, that, and the other. So then they about me be something like, say LA takes off a 3000 and we're talking like 2001 ish, 2000 somewhere in there. So they take off, say 3000 pounds of weed in LA And it was supposed to come to New York. Well, we go with them and say, man, can you send us All the stuff? They're, they're cutting leads to us saying, Hey, it was supposed to go to this address, but we gotta build the exact replica box.


And it depends on the US attorney working the case. They may want assistant United States attorney. They may want to just us deliver it. And that's good enough. Some may want us to deliver it, pull away. And then they've got a hidden switch or something that notifies us when they open it just to make that case tighter. Mm. So I started doing cameos on stuff like that. And then, and then I landed in undercover, which I don't really talk about in the book 'cause it's classified. And we are coming up on 25 years, which is usually when they declassify 'em. It's kind of been outed, but I just don't talk about it. 'cause I don't want to end up in the box, the, the lie detector and have somebody beating me down. But I landed that undercover and after about 30 days in San Antonio, I became, they gave me another 60 day extension and I became the primary.


And because I was there full-time working undercover, they transferred me to the San Antonio division. So the first undercover gig, what was your, like, what was your job like? What were you, what were you pretending to do? The classified one again, it's classified. Okay, but I'll say this, I was a security guard. Can you imagine being a cop with a cool uniform with a real gun on your hip? And now I'm making it to the FBI and I'm working third shift as a night at the museum, you know, with a flashlight. Oh wow. But I wanted to get my foot in the door of the undercover program. And sometimes it was easier to get a slot in the undercover school if you were already in or slated for an undercover.


And so how so you eventually work your way up to probably more and more dangerous and complicated assignments. What


This episode is brought to you by the farmer's dog. We all wanna do the best for our dogs. But there's a lot of mixed messaging out there, especially around dog food. Take kibble for example. You don't have to do a lot of digging to learn that kibble is actually ultra processed. They put the words like premium on their bag next to pictures of real ingredients. But food doesn't end up as burnt down pellets without extreme processing. For decades, it was the default dog food, but not anymore. The farmer's dog is healthy food made with real meat and vegetables by people who care about what goes into your dog's body. The recipes are developed by board certified nutritionists to be complete and balanced. And their food is made to the same safety standards as human food. It's lightly cooked to retain vital nutrients and then it's pre-portioned to suit your dog's needs. So try the Farmer's dog today and get 50% off your first box of healthy freshly made food plus free shipping. Just go to The Farmer dog.com/rogan, tap the banner or visit this episode's page to learn more. The offer is for new customers only.


This episode is brought to you by Paramount Plus your next Family Crime Saga obsession is coming this March to Paramount Plus Mob Land, an explosive new series from the underworld of Guy Richie Stars, Tom Hardy Pierce Brosnan and Helen Muren go inside the Harrigan crime family who will stop at nothing to ensure they come out on top in a war that threatens to topple empires and destroy lives. Don't miss the new episode of Mob Land now streaming on Paramount Plus,


It happens, at least in my, my experience. What happened with me is I get certified. Our certification school is very, very intense. I mean, I don't know what they're doing now, but I'm 99.9% sure. It's still very intense. It's two weeks, no days off. Huge on sleep deprivation, not gonna give away All the scenarios and stuff for trade craft reasons. But let's just say that I got certified in 2002. In 2003, I started role playing and assistant at the school. I probably missed a handful of schools up until the day I retired. Never a hundred percent graduation rate. I don't, I don't know of any a hundred percent graduation, graduation rate before I got into the program.


And it's not hazing. You get 20 slots. So it's four groups of five. And generally it goes like you get some trainings during the day and then we're running scenarios and we're putting you into live stuff. But day three and four, when you're really hurting for sleep, I've seen people nut out and I and minor in psych. I, I didn't think I would see that because some of them I might know, maybe we were on the SWAT team together. Maybe I know you as a case agent and you're squared away, but you go to the uc school and after about three days of no sleep and not getting your normal meals on your normal times, not getting your workout in. One of my buddies walked in, he looked like he'd been raped by a tribe.


I, I walked, he walked in hair disheveled buttons not lined up. Zipper undone, half a shirt tail. I'm like, are you okay? And some people, it's just, I would say that the reason the training is like that, it's not hazing, it's just so we don't lose anybody. We try to make it as real as you can. Well You gotta find out who's gonna crack. Yeah. And think of this in a real scenario. Not all undercovers are like this, but in the ones I would usually do, there's gonna be a lot of times with no sleep. My skillset led me not to Wall Street. It didn't lead me to the yacht, it didn't lead me to the Mafia Club unless I was standing in the corner and I was muscle for the mafia guy.


I led me to the woods And what you already mentioned, crazy, crazy ass meth heads or just ideologies. So I get certified and then I go back and role play. And that's when people start kind of seeing, and you're trying, I mean you're trying to make a name for yourself. I wasn't getting calls because on paper I'm a white guy in a foreign language. But about every week or so, I would call the undercover unit and be like, Hey, you got anything? Hey, it's big country. You got anything More medium now. But I mean, you know, I, I could even be a little country at this point, you know, but I'd be like, Hey, you got anything for any rednecks with no foreign language? And I'd just wear 'em down until they'd laugh. And then they finally ask me to come to school. And once you do the school, now there's season undercovers coming back and they're not only there to role play and to run a school, they're also looking for undercovers for cases in their own divisions.


And that's where I st kind of started getting, getting into some things. It has to be one of the most exciting kinds of law enforcement. I for me. Absolutely. It Has to be so crazy. And so we're gen. I mean, at the end of the day, military first responder type A personality we're adrenaline junkies. Yeah. I mean that's gotta be a gigantic rush. Yeah. They're on to us. I've talked to a few guys don't that have done that kind of work. Don't, and they always speak of it with sort of fond memories of how crazy. It's, it's weird. It's like, it's a very particular type of person that would wanna put themselves in that highly stressful adrenaline charge situation where, you know, any mistake and they find out who you really are, you're dead.


Could be. Yeah. Yeah. Now you made me second guess my career. Seems like it worked out. I'm gonna call it is cash now. I'll call cash. Hey, you think I could come back in? Yeah. What Was the first one that you got? The first assignment that you got like, oh boy, this is big leagues. That was the Outlaws case. I'd already done some undercovers again in the FBI, I'd done several street level things or numerous whatever at the state level. But I, I was doing a, a couple of cases in the FBI and they were smaller, you know, maybe it was supposed to be interstate transportation of stolen goods. And it turned into a public corruption case. But when I landed the Outlaws case, that was, that was my big first big and probably one of the biggest I did.


So how does that go? How, how did that start? I'm not a smart man. So that's how it started. Why do you do this, Scott? I go, I'm not smart, I'm stupid. A glutton for punishment and my last name is pay. You know, in that case they did, they'll do canvases a lot of times. So I was an undercover coordinator. Every division has an undercover coordinator. So you are the front line on all things covert and you're the liaison between headquarters and that field office. So if I had a case come up, I may already know you or whoever and be like, Hey, I'll just put a text out to you, you interested? Or we may just send out a canvas. And then a canvas comes from headquarters and goes to every undercover coordinator.


And, and if it gets to the point to where no certified undercovers have responded, then they'll do like a bureau wide canvas and see what we can get. I can't remember exactly if somebody called me on that one. I'm pretty sure, I don't remember that Outlaws being a canvas, but it possibly could have been. Well, You fit the bill. Well, Yeah, I Yeah, you look Like a outlaw Biker. It depends. A slash Viking whatever. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, it depends. See that's what a lot of people, I'll get off on a tangent, but, so throughout my career, my, my mentors, my peers, people I've been blessed to mentor, some people come up in the office, very good friends, unbelievable agents. I mean, brainiacs awesome. And they'll be like, man, I can never do what you do.


My beard would be down to here, whatever, tat it up. And I'm like, well, don't do me. What do you, what's your background? And they're like, well, I was an accountant. And I'm like, with who? Before, before they be, I was accountant with Disney or whatever. I, I was this, I was a lawyer. Well, you be you. I can, I'm not, somebody's probably gonna be pissed because they're gonna say it's trade craft. But listen, I could bring you in and you just walk into the group. I'm the primary. I've already laid all this stuff out. It's a chess game. We're always trying to stay four or five moves ahead or master of puppets. I'm just trying to connect with people and work, work the scene. But you come in and you dress as an accountant and you talk like an accountant and then you walk out, you're, you, it's real.


Right? So, so there's Roles for all sorts of different types of personalities. Yeah. And life skills. Yeah. And I'm like, you, you might see something where they say, I need a person this tall that speaks this language that does this and knows this. But what are you trying to do? Essentially the FBI works everything. And if, if a target, if we have predication or predicated target or there's information coming in about somebody doing something nefarious. If we want to do an undercover, how do I, how do I get close to you? I mean, what do you find attractive? Usually it's money. In the criminal world, it's green, right? You can see the Mexican mafia working with the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas.


They hate each other, but they love green. Hmm. And one needs guns and one needs dope And you know it all in the criminal world. But for that case, I went up, I got interviewed by Of course the FBI, there were task forces there. DEA was there, a TF was there. And they had been working this case for a while. And generally this is the way it would work for me on these long-term type undercovers. The case team's been working this for a long time. They, a year plus they've been building intelligence, now they've got some evidence already. Maybe a seizure, a dope here, report of a carjacking here.


But to get that airtight case and to find out what's really going on, now they're at the point to where they can use the investigative technique, which is undercover. And we came up with a plan and I, and, and I went, I went in cold. I tried to bump them, as we say, a cold bump. But I went into a bar that they frequented. I went there when they weren't there. It was a strip club. I used to bounce at strip clubs. And the book, I make a, a joke 'cause I call 'em a gentleman's club. But then I say that's an oxymoron because right. I'm like, everyone I've been in, there's not a lot of gentlemen in there. And that includes me back in the whatever days they were.


But I knew how they work. So I went in there and I just started hanging out. And I, Of course, this accent in Boston, Massachusetts. I'm getting noticed as soon as I start talking, all right, where the hell are you from? And I kind of worked that and started working the bar, doing what I do. Not ev everybody has their own way. And let me say this, since it's at the beginning, listen there for me, I want people to know it comes from a humble spot. There are men and women out there that have done way more undercover than me. They have been through more harrowing things than me. I already said I've got mentors, I've got peers, I've got people I've been blessed to mentor. Some of them don't wanna talk. Some of 'em haven't had the opportunity.


So just know it's coming from a, a, a love kind of place. Got it. So when you say you work in the bar, what do you mean? You just like making friends with people there? What I did last night here in Austin, same thing. Oh, I guess, Is it like old habits die hard? Yeah. I just, well hey man, how's it going? Yeah. You Know, it's like catch and release. You like pretending. Yeah. It's still working your, yeah. Working your gab. Yeah. That's interesting. Yeah. So you're always working your skillset even though you're not on the job anymore. Yeah, I know, right? I love connecting with people. I don't care whether you're smart, stupid, big, you know, skinny, fat, any ethnicity doesn't matter. And that's one thing I do miss about the job. I miss getting called out at two in the morning for the craziest of the crazies, really?


And you show up to do an interview and I'm, and essentially I befriend you and you either confess or we find out you really weren't doing anything. I do remember one night, this wasn't undercover, but they call me. 'cause towards the end of my career I was doing nothing but mainly domestic terrorism. And they called me, they go, we got one down here. He's a white supremacist. He's assaulted a cop, this, that, and the other. Well, I get down there, it's like three, four in the morning. Now I do my spiel. I'm not screaming at the guy, man, you need something to drink here, man, you look cold. Here's a coke. So tell me about what happened. I'm not here for this other stuff. I'm just, and I start talking, well, somewhere in there I'm like, okay, this guy's not a white supremacist. He's a sovereign citizen and he's just anti-government pro sheriff elected, but anti-government sovereign citizens.


I really can't stand to deal with him. It's, it's just, it's like absurdity to the max. He explain sovereign citizen to people. They, you see it all over YouTube. They, they don't, like, they get pulled over and they don't, I don't need a driver's license. I'm in commerce. I'm in transit. If they touch you, well that's rape. They think they've got a hundred. And I don't, I'm gonna forget it, but it's like a hundred and seventy five, two hundred $50,000 being held by the government for each person. It's crazy. They'll start putting liens on people, people put on trainings. So when it first started happening, a cop pulls you over and they see like this thing signed in blood and the paperwork looks legit, but hell, I never got that training. Is this legit? You know, I guess I can't pull this guy over.


Then it, then you start diving in, you start getting the training, they go, these people are full of crap. And you then you see the cops popping the window and dragging 'em outta the car. You're still going. But this guy was a sovereign citizen. He had a brother. And we're, we're talking and, and he's telling me this stuff and the constitution and the declaration independence. And I'm like, yeah, yeah. And I said, but, but how do you know that's what the forefathers meant when they signed that? And he said, 'cause I was there, son. Oh Boy. And that's when I went, oh, he is not just a sovereign citizen. He's a cuck. He's crazy. Why did it take me this long to find out? He said, I was there. Yeah. I was like this.


He goes, because I didn't he miss a beat? I go, how do you know? Because I was there son. And I went there. Oh, you've been reincarnated about four or five times. Oh, totally. And I'm like, and and, and you got this life this time. You got the one you're living right now, this time. Well, you're talking to me at four in the morning. You look like you've had a rough life. I mean, I, I would, you know, if I was gonna buy into, You know, a reincarnation, I'd wanna come back as maybe like my mom's dog or something like that. You know, something cool. Yeah. Something get just a great life. Sleep, eat and play. But so back to the, the Outlaws thing. I go in and I'm just shooting the shit. I'm just working the bar.


I'm telling jokes. You get a crowd of people around you. And that's, no, that's not trade crowd. I mean, that's just me. Right? And by the way, for the listeners who may not know little intervention, if you buy all your friends, all their drinks and their food All the time, they're probably not your friends. You know what I mean? Yeah. I got all kinds of friends. Those aren't your friends. Right. Stop paying. They won't come around anymore. But that's kind of what I was doing. And then now we get to the night to where the outlaws are leaving their clubhouse. And for the listeners that don't know in the biker world, especially one percenter world, there's a mandatory meeting every week at a clubhouse. And they refer to it as church.


So they're leaving church. I get the surveillance team telling me, Hey man, we're leaving church. I'm like, cool. I'm at the bar already. The foxy lady in Brockton, Massachusetts. And that's a rough town, right? And marvelous Marvin Hackler. Yeah. Yes sir. I, I go for a jog, I'd go Chanel brothers. I go, I Go home. My mar Yeah, yeah. I'm like, yeah, but they tell me they're coming. Now, the intelligence that they had provided me, when we started getting this case together, I was like, Hey man, can they wear their colors, their cuts, their leathers in the bar? And they said, no, they don't allow that. And I'm thinking in my mind, well that makes my approach easier. 'cause I'm not a tattooed guy. Watching naked women listening to heavy metal and drinking next to a guy who's watching naked women and heavy metal drinking.


They had that part wrong. 'cause about 13, 15 outlaws come walking into the bar, take the whole back bar. They're all wearing their colors. So that, does that change my approach? Yeah. I I I think it does. Yeah. Unless you want me to go up and as I say, when I'm teaching this, I go up and I go, what do you mean? Say come and go. Hey you, you boys ride. Nothing. No. All right, fine. I'll just, I'm gonna go back on the other side of the bar. Please don't beat my ass. So I just was being loud and boisterous. It's me. That's what I do. It doesn't always work for undercovers. Some people don't like it, but it's my personality. Are you allowed to get drunk?


Boy, that's a tricky question. Yes, I can drink. But here's the thing. Let's say that Outlaws case, that was two years. So there's two years of recordings of uc and me turn a Jack and coke up, right? I was, I'm anal, even though I look and sound like trash on paper, I'm pretty tight. And I wanted to be good. I wanted to always get better and be more well-rounded. So I would watch and even if I caught myself at five in the morning, six in the morning, slurring as I'm listening to it, I'd be like, dead gum it man. And then I'd listen and within five minutes I'd be back. Because you gotta remember all that could be played in front of a jury. And if I'm on there slurring and saying a bunch of stupid stuff, right?


I mean, how does that affect my articulation, right? For what I was doing. But was my alcohol tolerance very high? You know, you're a big dude. Yeah. You probably puts some away. I did kinda still do. I tell you, I I tell you what the what put me on a three month timeout was CPI. Really? Yeah. 'cause you go down there and you get the stem Cells. Let's explain it. We're talking about the Cellular Performance Institute that my friends run down in Tijuana. Absolutely. Great, great facility. I will tell you the, my previous hospital visit before I went to Tijuana, I almost died. I had a hip replacement. And it got sepsis. I got sepsis and I almost died.


Oof. So 14 days after my total hip replacement, quickest surgery I've ever had, about 30 minutes, chop the femur off, drill it, pop, they're walking you out, you're still very high on all your, they're like, if You can walk, You can Go home. And I'm like, I can't walk. But apparently something happened, it got infected. So 14 days later I had sepsis and they got it under control and they went back in and cleaned me all out. I had two hip surgeries in 14 days, but wow. Fast. So now I'm going to Tijuana knowing what I know about working the border, knowing what, even though I'm friends with Ed and Scotty, the owners, and I'm like, I'm like, man, now I'm going by myself. Best hospital stay I've ever had.


Phenomenal. That's great. It's phenomenal. It's an amazing Place. Phenomenal. And what I, but what I stop cut back on my drinking is I got down there. You can't drink the week before, especially if you're getting the IV stem cells. 'cause they travel through your body and they grab stuff. So if you drink and it sees your liver working harder, it's gonna go to your liver. So you're kind of wasting the, the shots I knew I couldn't drink the week before I got there. And they go, yes, you can't drink for three more months. And I went three months. And they're like, I said, there ain't nobody told me that. And I was like, and I immediately went, nah, I need to cut back anyway. That's fine. You know? But yeah, tolerance was high for them. But You, you have to be drinking with these folks when you're hanging out with them. You don't have to.


But this, this will go back to an explanation of the undercover school. If you're going to drink, we want you to drink in a controlled environment when you're tired. 'cause we want you to see how you feel. We also wanna see how you behave when you're extremely tired and you're plastered. Right? So you have to know that you don't, in other words, you don't wanna find out in the middle of the clubhouse that you can't handle your shit. Right? So yeah, I I you can drink and, but you're being recorded. So be be wary about, wary about it. What about drug use?


This, if I can get into this, is this trade craft or not? Maybe this is the easiest way to say it. If I believe my life is in danger and like literally I'm getting ready to die, I'll, I will snort the lacquer finish off of this damn table. And then I'll be like, is that, is that all you got? You want me to do some more? Right? Because I really don't feel like dying right now.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Tax season is already stressful. You shouldn't have to worry about identity theft on top of everything else. And trust me, it's a big worry. Especially since during tax season, your sensitive info does a lot of traveling to places you can't control. It goes through payroll. Your accountant or your tax consultant and countless other data centers on its way to the IRS. Any of them can expose you to identity theft because they all have the info on your W2, just the ticket for criminals to steal your identity. It's no wonder last year the IRS reported tax fraud due to identity theft went up 20%. You need LifeLock. They monitor millions of data points per second and alert you to threats you could miss if your identity is stolen. LifeLock's US-based restoration specialists will fix it back by the million dollar protection package and restoration is guaranteed. Or your money back. Don't let identity thieves take you for a ride. Get LifeLock protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use the promo code Joe Rogan or go to lifelock.com/ Joe Rogan for 40% off terms apply.


And then I need to get to the team. I need to get out, I need to get to the case team and I need to get to an emergency room to make sure I'm not OD-ing especially today with fentanyl and stuff. But that's, that's kind of the general rule. I would say it's probably not a good idea for you to do drugs just without answering it completely. Yeah. Let me give you this. You're going to trial. We've got a two year case against you. And I'm up here articulating what I did. It's in my documents. It's in the recordings. And we have built this case usually with undercover cases. In my experience, the evidence is so overwhelming.


The only thing the defense can, can claim is entrapment, which you should be able to shoot that down pretty quick if you've done your due diligence or they try to make you look like a piece of trash on the stand. So imagine if they're saying, well he did dope with us. You need to be able to articulate did you, why did you, that's more movie stuff. It does happen on, on levels and I wish it didn't. But it happens on levels where people don't have training. And that's, that's sad because there have been plenty of people, let's just use biker gangs from law enforcement, from local, small department All the way up to feds that have infiltrated biker gangs that have patched and gotten their colors. But the cases went to crap.


They lost themselves, they lost their marriage, they became addicted to drugs. So we shouldn't be, there's no case worth that. It's probably, that's, that's the best way to say it. There's no case worth you getting addicted to drugs or endangering yourself. Just walk. So what is the dance of getting to the bar, becoming a regular and then eventually getting to know these guys? So that first night, I'm being loud and boisterous and they did say that there was one particular member who loved to be the center of attention and he loved to be surrounded by big dudes. Take that for what you want. I don't know, I didn't dive too deep into that one. But when you say hang out with big dudes, Are we wearing clothes, surrounded clothes?


Why is there a jar of Vaseline over there? What kind of party is this? What's With the cameras? Yeah. Hey Scott, have a drink of this before you come in here and sign this NDA Yeah. What, what? So I, I start befriending them and I'm being loud. I lemme take it back. I'm being loud. This guy did like attention. He sees it and he's like, Hey, Hey, where the f are you from? So I fire some stupid comedy thing back and we start going back and forth because he's already asked the bartenders, who the hell's that guy? Oh that's Tex, he comes up here All the time from Texas. I don't come up here All the time. It's human nature.


It's like, you know, you caught a fish this big by the 10th person you're telling man there was like 10 of them, right? I had to fight 'em off with my pinkies, but I get called over, I don't know who sent a drink to who first, but he calls me over and just starts shooting the shit with me. And from then he pretty much invites me to one of their northeast regionals called Lobster Fest, held in Brockton at that clubhouse. And we were kind of on the way. There was a guy who was not patched and his name was Scott as well. I said the name of the book, it's all, it's all adjudicated, it's all in the court proceedings and stuff. But Scott Town was his name and he was a big dude.


He was jacked and he came in. I remember going to the bathroom and again, I think I'm doing pretty good. Like I'm, I'm, I'm in great shape and I'm being me. I'm talking shooting the shit, not hanging out too much. I walk back over, play a little, you know, you come chase me kind of thing. So I go to the bathroom and nobody's in there. And for the listeners that don't know, men's bathrooms and bars, usually at the urinal there's some kind of box plexiglass with some kind of ads. Like hey, this person's coming next week. That stuff. So as I'm peeing, I'm looking at the reflection and I see the door swing open and I see this Jack dude, Scott, it must have made an impression because in the report I even say he's wearing like a gray shirt with black trim.


He's completely sleeved out. And I'm getting all this from, you know, sleeved out on the left arm. Huge earrings. And I watch him and I see him kind of ducking and looking under stalls and hitting the doors to make sure nobody else is in the bathroom. I'm acting nonchalant. But then I see him walk up to me. And for that split second, I thought, I'm getting jacked, I'm, I'm gonna get jumped right here. But he ends up just asking me, what brings you to Massachusetts? I think what happened is they sent him in there to press me. And this is a good lesson, don't bluff. If you bluff, whatever you say today, you might be still in that case a year and a half, two years later.


It needs to match what you said on day one. Or you could be slipping up and getting found out. But I'd said, where I'd been around Macallan, grew up in South Carolina, all this stuff. He'd been to all those places 'cause he used to travel the country fighting dogs. So if I'd have been bluffing, I'd have been done right there. And then from there we start building relationships. Now I'm trying to ingratiate and I'm getting invited to parties. They, I, my story was that I was a site survey specialist and I traveled the country for investors out of Texas. And I would look at properties that they wanna buy, whether it res whether it's residential or mercantile And you know, pull stuff from the clerk of court and all that kind of stuff.


But as it usually does in the criminal world, it came out that I also did some crimes myself. And that's when we started getting into, they were doing insurance fraud first with me. They would report vehicles stolen and then sell them to me for a stolen price. And the story was, since I was based outta Macallen Texas, I'm just using the facts that we were moving vehicles to Mexico in trade for whatever guns most likely dope but whatever. And that's how we started. And then from there, now you start gaining more trust. You start hanging out more, you become tighter. You're building these relationships and then it's like, hey, we just carjacked somebody.


We got this car. We took this dude at gunpoint. This thing's got LoJack or on star, whatever was around. And then we know how to get rid of it. Don't worry about it. I got it. Have a truck driver show up. We load All the stolen equipment, vehicles, whatever on the truck. And they thought they were going to Mexico, but they were just going to a warehouse somewhere in Massachusetts. So you never actually brought cars to Mexico? No. So when you would do that, we'd just get cash from the FBI to like represent? Yeah, I mean they would, I would pay them, yeah. A stolen price usually stolen's usually 20 to 25% of what it would normally cost. You know, 'cause it's hot. And that just started gaining trust.


I mean the, we, like I said, there was other undercover that would help. We call those cameos. If, if you're the primary undercover, that's you, that's your case. A secondary undercover might mean you come in to meet me, but you stay with me for a couple of days and we go out and meet bad guys together. That's gonna be a secondary role. If you're coming in as a truck driver, you're just pulling in the parking lot. We're loading up stuff that's a cameo. And I've done many cameos for other undercovers as well. You know, just rolling into town, do a deal, whatever. So no one's ever trying to go with you to Mexico to make sure that all this is happening. Not on that case, but if they did want to, we would have to work that out. We would have to have that kind of, 'cause I coin, I I, I took this from a, a buddy of mine who, who I helped certify as an undercover.


And I just thought it was a great way to say it. It's, look, at the end of the day, we want that target going to bed thinking that was a good day. You don't want 'em laying in bed going, man, there's something wasn't right about that guy. Right. Something, something's not right 'cause you want it to be as real as possible. Right. So is it, was it a fact that the cartels at that point in time loved four by four v eights and Harley Davidsons? Absolutely. Did they get stolen All the time on the border? Absolutely. So that's, that's factual stuff. That's real. So now I'm a guy, they, they, they eventually learned and believed that I was a high ranking, high ranking member of an international theft ring.


And that's what we were doing. And then through those, through those, then they start stealing vehicles, which I gotta be careful of. I can't say, hey, I want a, I want a brand new F three 50 quad cab. Right? 'cause then they go steal it. I, that's somewhat of an entrapment. I just led them to go steal that car. Right. But over the next year or so, we're getting more and more stuff. I buy dope from 'em. Like I said, carjackings, we learned of them. Certain members extorting people like the good old mafia days, you know, extorting businesses, home invasions. But again, for the listeners listening to hear that at a bar and say, yeah, we robbed that house.


Is that enough to charge somebody? Probably not. Is an assistant United States attorney gonna be like, yeah, that's enough. No, we're gonna have to dive in more and find out and vet it out and get that evidence. Wow. Stressful shit. Slightly Getting stressed out. Just thinking about you doing all these things. Me Too. So like how, how long is this relationship while you're building a case? Like how, how much time are you spending with these people? I was pro for that case. I was probably up there every three weeks for a good week. But then it's constant contact when I'm not there. Text messages. Yeah. Well next tales were big with him at that point in time. So yeah. Churchs, Oh the, that was the, yeah, the old days. The walkie talkie One radio. Yeah. Yeah. Those bit funny people forgot about them walkie talkies.


Yeah. Yeah Man, it was, you know, it was crazy about that because you could key up and talk to somebody in Japan and it'd be Chris Clear, but if you tried to call somebody it was the worst connection ever. Yeah. They were terrible phones. Yeah. But that's what they used and that's what I got and I was mirroring them. Mm. But yeah, so you build those relationships and it depends. Each case is different. But I will will say that the tightest relationship I had on that case was Scott Town. It was absolutely scary how similar we were and how tight we were. Now again, he didn't know I was Scott Payne, FBI undercover. But he knew I was Scott Calloway and he knew, I mean, it, it would be to the point to where if we were going out to do an op that evening, an operation, they wouldn't put it in the operations plan, but they would ask, Hey, is Scott town gonna be there tonight?


And I'm like, yeah. And, and even the FBI cover teams and stuff would be like good because they knew that he cared enough about me. He'd take a bullet from me and protect me and vice versa. Really? For as me and Scott Calloway and I mean we finished each other's sentences, we thought the same, other than the criminal stuff and some faith belief systems. But yeah, that was my tightest. And the second one over the two years was probably a guy whose road name was clothesline and he was the enforcer for the Taunton chapter. And then after that it probably would've been the president, which was Joe Dogg. And then it just trickles down from there. Do you have conflicted feelings when you develop like these relationships with these guys?


I did. You can put on as much training. You can get the training, You can be a part of it. I'm still human, You know. Now was I to a point to where I'm gonna go, I'm leaving the FBI and I'm gonna become the one percenter. Some people do Though, right? I know some people do, but I wouldn't, there, I wouldn't, I wouldn't do that. How often does That happen? Well, I don't, in the FBI probably not a lot, but, but those cases are well known. If something happens like that, somebody goes rogue, like, you know, your breach story and all these people selling secrets and getting people killed. Yeah, I, I wasn't there I nor would I be, I wouldn't be, I would like to think if I did have a one percenter club, nobody would ever infiltrate it though.


Well, you probably understand how it works. I just kidding. But even then, yeah, I know. I mean you're dealing with ragamuffin people, like how do You know? I, You know, who's around? But those are like, again, those are my kinds of people when we're riding around and we're, people are wrestling each other ever tables. This is my favorite move. Bang. I mean, at one point I'm driving down the road with Scott town in a snowstorm and I'm driving and I'm like this with my hand. He reaches over outta nowhere and breaks. My pinky just pop and this sucker's like 90 degrees. And I'm like, mother the fuck. I pulled over, I slammed on the brake. Well I mean, snow come to the stop and I go, what the F is your problem? And he's looking at me and he's going, Hey, I don't know what he was on, but he was in an evil space, right?


And I'm looking at him and I'm going, look, if you want to F and fight, we'll stand out in the damn snowstorm right now and we'll go at it. I know you think you can whip me, but maybe I can whip you. And I saw it wasn't going anywhere and he was getting more and more angry. And I just looked at him and I went, he's an animal right now. I'm gonna diffuse. I'm gonna deescalate, which is really what you should be doing as an undercover. And I look over and I go, Hey, hey. After I popped my finger in, I go, Hey, sniff smell. Good boy, friend, friend like that. I'm trying to calm him down. And he starts laughing. But that's the kind of stuff you get. But to me it was no different than being in college, playing ball, hanging Out with Psychos.


Yeah. When you're there in the month of August and nobody is there, it's just 24 7 football. What was it like when you eventually brought that guy down? It was sad. It was sad because in that case, there was a point where I, I had a young daughter and his youngest daughter was roughly the same age as my daughter. So I'm not at home with my kid, but I'm in his house bouncing his daughter on my lap. And, And you know that when they're developing as a human being, they're at that stage, they're kind of making the same noises, moving the same way. It was, it was surreal. And then I remember thinking, man, I mean I really like this guy.


You know, he likes to drink. I like to drink, he likes to fight. I like to fight. He likes to ride. I like to ride. He likes to live. I like to live. I go, man, we finish each other since everything I already said. And then I look over at his refrigerator and, and I see all these stickers and magnets and stuff and my eyes just settled in on WWSD. And for the listeners that don't know, WWJD is very common in the Christ follower Christian community. What would Jesus do? You see the bracelets All the time. And I looked over and said, WWSD, what would Satan do? And I looked and I went, oh yeah, we're not the same. We're not the I'm back. I used to, we'd be in the clubhouse and everybody's yelling there like, you know, if for the, again, people that don't know whatever your biker club name is, you usually get these same sayings.


So for the Outlaws is Outlaws forever. Forever outlaws? Hell yeah. Yeah, yeah. God forgives, outlaws don't. Yeah. Yeah. It is better to be first in hell than second in heaven. And I'm like, what t What The,


this episode is brought to you by Warfare from a 24 written and directed by Iraq War veteran Ray Mendoza and Civil Wars Alex Garland warfare embeds audiences with a US Navy platoon, but when their operation goes wrong, the only way out is together. A visceral boots on the ground. True story told by the soldiers who lived it, warfare Stars Will Poulter Kit Connor with Joseph Quinn and Charles Melton. Experience it in IMAX and theaters everywhere on April 11. Get tickets now at tickets Warfare movie.


This episode is brought to you by Eight Sleep. Let's talk about a game changer in the world of sleep technology Eight Sleep, and their revolutionary Pod four Ultra. The pod is a high tech mattress cover that easily adds to your existing bed and is clinically proven to improve sleep by up to one hour per night. The pod regulates sleep cycles with precision and automatic temperature control for each side of the bed. So you and your partner can have your ideal sleep temperature. It also learns your sleep patterns and detects snoring, adjusting the bed's position to stop it. Plus it attracts sleep stages, heart rate variability, and respiratory rate without wearable devices. So if you're ready to take your sleep and recovery to the next level, head over to Eight Sleep dot com slash rogan and use the code Rogan to get $350 off your very own Pod four Ultra. And you get 30 days to try it at home and return it. If you don't like it. I have it. I use it and I love it. Your body will Thank you for this investment in better sleep shipping to many countries worldwide. See details at Eight Sleep dot com slash rogan.


Hang on. I'm like, I'm not saying I'm a chalk walk and Christian 'cause I'm pretending to be a one percenter, you know, evil man. But what story have you ever heard of Hell where it was good? I mean, are we, you helping me out here? So yeah, it's, it's a crazy bunch. But on that case, one of the biggest things that happened is we had been going for a year and a half and doing all these things. They've carjacked stuff, we're getting more and more evidence. There was a Hell's Angel president murdered in Connecticut. Bridgeport. Connecticut And terrible town. Yeah, terrible town, is it? I don't, oh, Bridgeport's Dangerous. So, so Bridgeport, Connecticut, and the other Hell's Angel that was shot didn't die.


And he was able to give a description of a green truck with Florida plates. We knew at that time that Florida outlaws were up in that area 'cause they were hanging out with our targets. And even when I would call, I'd be like, Hey man, what's up man? It's hot here right now. If you come out you need to be strapping. I'm like, well, I don't wanna fly with it. I don't wanna put a, you know, bullseye on my back. Back then. I'm like, Hey, if I show up, man, we'll give you a vest, we'll give you a gun kind of thing. So we're doing all that and now we get to the point to where we can, All the predication there, they've done wiretaps, the case team has been doing a wiretap. They know that there's drug deals going on, they're doing surveillance. And now we're to the point to where we can introduce that.


I used to be in the dope game as well. My story was that the reason I got out of it and only did the stolen stuff was because some of my peeps got popped 'cause the heat was getting close. So I, I pulled chalks and I was out and all I do now is move stolen equipment down because it's a lot less, the way I explained it, it was less likely for law enforcement to catch me. And, and then they would ask, you know, well how come a white guy's not cut out by all these Mexicans you're working with? And I go, because I'm the gringo that has the contact at the port of entry and the contacts at the checkpoints to pay them 15 grand to turn their head for two minutes and let our stuff go through.


And that was really happening on the border. And I knew that, 'cause I was on the border working it again, real things. You're just, you're just putting them into your story. But I now let them know it took a long time. I don't put words in their mouth, but I started laying breadcrumbs over weeks and months that I did, used to be in the dope game. And Of course Joe Dogg's the president, I mean, the first time I met him and he said, where are you from? I said, Macal in Texas on the border. His next question was, how much can you get a kilo of cocaine for? And I went, well, if we were needing predication, I think he just gave it. But his business skills weren't that great. 'cause I'd say, look man, about 13 grand is what you could get a kilo for.


Then on the border, he said, man, so if I got 10 of them up here for 13, I'm like, no, that's not gonna cost 13 up here. There's a reason the kilo costs 25 to 30 grand up here because somebody has to get it from the border to here right now. If you wanna drop down the border and buy 10 for 13 a piece and you risk taking 'em back over. But so we let it be known that, that I had some cartel, Of course they knew I had cartel contacts and we started introducing those. Some cameo undercovers came in, unbelievable people. And we ended up doing what some referred to as a drug protection. There was gonna be a drug shipment coming in and my crew was gonna be delivering it to another crew.


And we needed protection. And we did it in Brockton. And several outlaws hopped in on it. The issue was this, at least one of the big issues, pretty much that case. I had a great time. Yes, it's violent. And my, my mentality was changing. There is a podcast that's, it's a series that's gonna be coming out with the book. And they actually interview one of the task force officers who was over me on that case, on the Outlaws. And I remember him calling me. He is like, Hey, what? Say, what can I say? I said, tell him the truth. I said, I wanna know. I wanna know what you were thinking. I know what I was thinking. And it was really, really surreal to hear him talking about, he could see my personality changing.


He could see, and like the FBI office might be saying, we want him to patch. And he was over here fighting, going, hell no, we're getting everything we need. Now. If he patches, then they can order him to do shit. And it was just really cool to hear that. But essentially for the case, it was me, an FBI case agent and two task force officers. We had Detective Joe Cummins from Brockton pd, Sergeant Higginbotham from the Massachusetts State Troopers, and then an agent with the FBI. And that was it. I mean, they would add some here and there, but for two years that was it. It was us. So now we get to this point to where we're like, man, let's do this drug protection. And the Assistant United States attorney was like, Hey, if you're gonna be at the clubhouse, or did they talk about this at the clubhouse?


I'm like, yeah. And he goes, well that'd be awesome if we could get that recorded. 'cause it helps, right? To show what they're planning on doing. So the night before the deal's supposed to happen, they don't know it, but we've got 40 kilos of real cocaine and a thousand pounds of weed. Real. So you can imagine SWAT teams are involved. 'cause can, I mean, can you imagine if the FBI lost 40 kilos of cocaine and, and Brockton and Tauntings are all wide awake for the next week. You know? Or there's ods, you know? Right. Because that's a liability. Did you say you had 40 kilos? There's only 39 here. Hmm. I don't know. No, I'm messing with you.


But, so they say, Hey Joe Doggs calls me. It's night at church. He says, Hey, I need you to come to the clubhouse. I'm like, all right, cool. And Of course I'm thinking I'm Type A, I'm Scott Payne, I got this. Let's go do this, man. These are my boys. I've been doing this a year and a half. And I went into the clubhouse And what I couldn't see, and I won't say where the recording devices were at because that's Tradecraft, but let's just say I had a video and recording device hidden somewhere in my clothing. I had a completely audio recording device somewhere else on me. And I had a transmitter batteries that, so the team could listen in. And I went into the clubhouse like normal.


But what you can't see if you go back and you watch the video is if I'm facing this way and I'm shooting the shit with you, and this is the bar and you're laughing at my jokes, like always when I would turn my head to look this way, it's still filming. And I didn't see it. 'cause I turned my head, they go stone face. Oh, and I, I missed it. I didn't see it. I do know that when I got to the clubhouse, I knock on the door, knock on the door, I'm knocking on the door, I'm like, what the, you know, Joe Dogs props me, goes, Hey, hey, we're not ready yet. And I'll give them, why the hell didd, you tell me to come. I was being smart. I'm like, what's the deal? Why would you say come if you're not ready? I didn't pick anything up. So I go in and for the listeners that may not know, at least in this clubhouse, if you're not a patch member, which I wasn't, they offered it several times.


They wanted me to patch. But I, I'm with the, what I said for the task force officer, I said the same thing. I'm like, look, if I'm a probate and they say, get your shit text, we're gonna go jack this dude. I kind of gotta go. I mean, if I don't do it, I'm either getting kicked out or beat down or whatever, right? But being a high ranking member of an international theft ring that they're making money off of, so a little different. I, we were getting everything we wanted. So I go into the clubhouse, I miss that. I also miss that in the back. One of them, chocolate Scott, it looks like he's dancing to the song that's playing, but he's warming up. And I miss that. And then my second closest contact close line says, Hey Tex, you got a minute?


And I said, yeah. And we walk, I'd been in that clubhouse, I don't know how many times, Joe eight, but there's one door I'd never been in. And that's the door we went in. And it was a very tight stairwell. And to, you can say a basement, but that's being very, that's, I'm stretching it because I could probably touch the ball wall on both sides. And I couldn't stand up straight. So they bring me down in there, they brandish their weapons. One of 'em walks in behind me, he's on the steps. So they got their pistols. And my friend says, Hey, there's a lot of shit going on. It's my job to take care of my brothers. I need you to write down your full name, your address, your phone number, all kinds of stuff.


And I need you to take off all your clothes. I need to check you for a wire. Whoa. And here's the problem. Had I not been wired embarrassing? Yes. Naked with a bunch of men around you in a cold basement, yeah, that would, that would've been bad. But it would've been no threat. But I was wired to the hilt. And so you think, man, do you fight? Do you try to get out? Well, there's already two or three there. I'm probably gonna do some Tommy Boy shit and knock myself out on the joist as soon as I start trying to fight. And then upstairs, there's what? 10 more outlaws and that door, what I was getting into earlier, I didn't say, if you're not a patch member, you can't touch the door.


That door has more than one deadbolt on it. They had welded metal hooks to the frame and put one of those like shipyard metal bars across. So from a breacher standpoint, it's a fortified door. It might be easier to breach the wall next to it. So we're down there in the basement, and when I go to write my name down, I forgot my middle name. And that's because I was having an no crap moment. I had an adrenaline dump. Same thing as cops in shootouts, military in shootouts, somebody in a car wreck. First time, everything. When you're having that adrenaline dump, everything slows down. You get auditory exclusion. So everything you're hearing sounds like you're underwater is going, whoosh, whoosh. It's slow. Like you're talking to me like this time dilation, your eyes are clicking, you look and everything's in frames.


Everything's slowing down. Your hamstrings get really rubbery. You feel your heart beating. I mean, do you feel everything puling? And what seems like 10, 15 minutes is probably 30 seconds. And that happens. That's an adrenaline dump. So that was happening. And I forgot my middle name. And I'm going, Scott Calloway. Scott Calloway. Scott Callway. I start going through this damn Rolodex in my head and I'm going, oh, that's Scott Callway, Scott Calloway. And I'm going, Scott, Joseph. I go, no dammit, that was a middle, that was my middle name for another alias. You know? And I don't realize that I do a distraction technique or something to try to get more intelligence. I would've never known. I said it would've never agreed. I said it had I not seen it in the recording.


But I turn and I go, And what else do you need? And by the way, you've got a baseline of me now. My voice, it did not sound like this on that recording. My throat was tight. The octaves, I mean, it was very higher than normal. And I'm like, not even enunciating that well. I'm like, And what else do you need? And they're like, what? I go my name And what else? Well, now I hear 'em scream up and they go, what else do you need for that website? So now I know, oh, are they gonna Google me? Back then there was hoo a rat.com, things like that. So I'm gathering that evidence or intelligence. And then I remember my middle name was, my initials were SAC 'cause I'm an idiot. And I thought it was funny. 'cause that's the SA C's, the head of an FBI division. And I knew I was never gonna be one. So, so I made my initials, SAC.


So I remember my name's Scott, Andrew Calloway. And then I write that down. Well, now I take off all my clothes. I take off my, my, my outer clothing, all my shirts. I take my boots off and I, I basically pull my underwear and jeans down around my ankles. So pretty much naked from ankle. I mean, I'm definitely naked from ankles up. And he starts searching me, and I'm, again, I'm having an oh shit moment. And he's, he's talk, he's trying to talk to me. And like we had known each other for a year and a half. So I'm not saying it out loud, but if you saw what my face was saying, what my face is saying and asking is, tell me I'm okay. Is this okay?


Well, clothesline because we were tight, hits me back with a face. Look. It's like, everything's all right. This is just procedure. However, he doesn't know that I'm an undercover agent and I'm wired. So that adds a whole nother issue. So he searches me, I think we're done. He, at one point, he even tells me, he says, trust me, if somebody accused me of being a fed, I'd probably smash 'em in the fucking mouth. And I said, those are his words. And I, I immediately said, well, I'm not happy. I'll tell you what I did do. I did look to make sure there was no plastic on the floor. And I've had people ask me, what does that mean? And I go, well, listen, if you're in the criminal underbelly of society and there's plastic on the floor and they're telling you to walk on it, they're gonna cut you open.


Yeah, you can. It's to, it's to clean up the blood. Yeah, I didn't see that. I saw a rope. I saw pistols, and I knew I didn't have a chance in hell of getting out there. And one piece east. So he, he finishes and he's, he's, he's saying something. He goes, he goes, wouldn't you be suspect if somebody comes to town, your town and starts doing all this shit with you? I said, yeah, if you came to me, I didn't come to you guys. Y'all called me over. Nobody has to do this shit. I'm like, what are we, you know, nobody has to do anything. Right? And I think we're done. So I pull my pants back up and I think we're done. And he grabs a piece of clothing of mine, and he starts needing it and going through it.


Now, this is 2005 to 2007 ish. So tech technology today is way better than it was then. Just like technology is. But let's just say this. Had he done this down my entire piece of clothing, he would've felt something. And he says as a joke, when he starts, he goes, Hey, I, I'm not gonna find anything in here. I don't want to like some naked pictures of my old lady. And he laughs and I, his laugh is like, ha. And my laugh is like, he, you know, and then I'm watching him go down this pizza's clothing and he's doing this and he's needing it. And, and I, you can hear, I, again, I don't know how I do it, but on the recording, you can hear me go An audible sigh because I'm like watching it and I'm going, what the, what am I gonna do?


So here's how it ends. Audience. He doesn't find it. Wow. Almost, I mean like very, very close. And by the way, that first adrenaline dump, I've come back up and now I've got another adrenaline dump. And now I've come in, I'm like son of a, you know, this peaks and valleys and everybody that I've taught this to or spoke about it to always ask. They're like, man, what would you have said? And I'll tell you, I had two responses because I'm a jovial idiot. My first response, if he would've said, what is this? I would've probably said, I don't know, some naked pictures of the old lady to try to buy myself some time. Maybe make him quit searching. The only, the other thing I had, Joe, is, and I remember it like it was yesterday, I would've said, the gig is up.


I'm an undercover FBI agent. And I can walk outta here and we can see each other in court. Or all hell's gonna break loose. Here's the issue. As I get a swig, that would've been a bluff on my part because as far as I knew, every time I was in that clubhouse, my cover team could never hear me for whatever reasons, because somebody's gonna say it's trade craft. But again, this is 2005 to 2008. But they could never really hear me in that clubhouse. And I make it out. I end up going out with Scott Town and Joe Doggs that night. But what happens is, I am legitimately pissed off because now my adrenaline's coming back down and I'm, I'm taking it personal.


I shouldn't, I'm undercover as an FBI agent. I'm not really Scott Calloway. I mean, I'm kind of Scott, but you're so deep in the role. Well, and it's really me, kind of. I mean, that's the whole thing. I never was far off of who I really am in life, right? A pedophile. Yeah. I'm, I'm you're hiring me to kill somebody. No, I'm not gonna ingratiate with you. I'm a stone cold killer, but I'm hanging with you for two years or a year and a half or whatever. Yeah. That I'm, the jokes are kind the same, right? So, so I'm pissed and I'm at, at one point I'm telling Joe Dogg, I'm like, you know what man f all you sons. I said, y'all show up tomorrow. I said, I'm stripping all y'all in the damn parking lot. You know, I was just, and they were nice. They let me vent my stuff. Well, that night, when I went to turn in my equipment in an undisclosed location, probably three, four or five in the morning to the case team, what I found out was this, the shift started with Sergeant Higginbotham.


Everybody called him Higg and Joe, the detectives, the detective, these guys are awesome, phenomenal law enforcement officers. Although I think their love language is yelling, Maybe that's my southern thing, mixing with the northeast thing. But they told me, they said, Scott, we heard you in there. And I'm like, what? When I had that first interaction with Joe Dogg, they are very street smart. They're very good investigators. And they have been working this group forever. Something that happened in that first interaction made their spidey senses or the Holy Spirit, if you're a believer, say something's not right.


They had pulled close enough, they heard everything they put on their vest, they suited up. And because they'd been in that clubhouse before and knew that door system, their plan was to drive the van into the cinder block wall. Next to the door. Oh my God. Just to smash that. You know, sometimes I'm teaching this, I'll joke about it and say, it probably would've killed me 'cause I was in the basement, You know, reverse back up. You're so damn heavy. But at that moment, I was scared to death, right? So they tell me what happened was they pulled close enough, they heard everything. They're suiting up. They have radioed now. 'cause it's kind of the beginning of the shift. They've radioed now back to Boston.


Everybody that's working that night is now blue lights and siren All the way down to the hauling ass to taunting Massachusetts. So I say this in the jovial way, but the case agent was actually a good friend of mine. We went through the FBI academy together. And that night, again, I'm still shellshocked. He says, man, when I was coming down the highway with my blue license sirens on, I felt like I was in there with you. And I looked at him and I said, you weren't. I said, because I was looking for any friendly face I could find. And that's damn hole. But, so that night we haven't talked about my family. I, I try not. Well, I take it back in my, in the book, I'm very transparent about where things went south with the family, where my marriage almost ended.


You know, 9 1 1 hangups, stuff like that. But at that point in time, I bought my wife, everybody's pretty familiar now with the burner phone. But I'd bought my wife a phone that came back to nothing. So my undercover phone could call that phone not right. Violating the operational security that night, Joe, when I called her, I'd always call her every night. And again, five seven in the morning didn't matter. And it might just be she wakes up and says hello. And I go, Hey, I just want you to know I'm done heading back to the hotel room. Whenever I wake up this afternoon, I'll call you. It might be that quick. That night when I called her, the first thing she said to me was, are you okay? And I said, she felt it. I said, yeah, why?


And she said, I was driving with our daughters at such and such time in Macallan. And she said she got this overwhelming feeling and pulled over on the side of the road and started praying for me. And I matched it up. That's when I was in the basement. So, wow. Say what you will, but damn. Wow. Yeah, apparently my oh shit signal. Apparently I don't need Verizon or anything because it went from Boston All the way to the bottom of Texas. But it's just, I mean, that, that's just one of the little, one of the things that happen and it just takes a toll on you over time. I can only imagine. Yeah. So I'll get you to the next day.


We do the deal, close line doesn't show up. Well that pisses me off. Wait a minute, you're supposed to be my boy and you took me into the damn basement and stripped me at gunpoint. But you can't come up, you, you don't show up the next day and help with this thing. Again, I'm taking it personal. I shouldn't. So everybody knew there was a beef. Let's just fast forward a month or two, I go back home, I come back and Big Scotty had even said, he goes, look, these guys are gonna settle this like grown men face to face. It ain't gonna happen over the damn phone. So the next time I go back to Massachusetts, I met a cantina. We used to go hang at and drink at and Bridgewater and another hard town.


Yeah, yeah. So yeah, these are my people. This is where I get called. We did not do any meetings at the Long Wharf Marriott. You know what I mean? Ah, why would you like to meet me at Legal Seafood tonight? My fellow criminals, you know? Yeah. So, so I'm at this cantina and clothesline walks in. Now you gotta remember the last time I saw this dude, he took me into a damn basement and he looked a little rough, like a little whipped, you know, like he'd been disheveled. And he says, Hey man, can I talk to you for a minute? And the first thing I said was, no. And he says, why? I said, because the last time you asked me that shit, I ended up naked in the basement.


No. So he says, it's like that. So we went back in the kitchen and we're talking, And what we learned, or what I learned and the case team learned is when we upped the andante to do that drug deal, and again, a lot of those outlaws were pushing for it because as a drug dealer, what are you always looking for? Cheaper product, higher quality. That's just more money for you, right? So he was really, especially Joe Dog, they wanted to get a pipeline. They wanted to get an introduction to the cartel so they could get quality dope, you know? And, and have a, have a very successful business. So I'm in there with him and I'm ready, I'm ready to go to blows if we have to. And he starts talking to me and he says, you know, Scott, he said, what had happened, what I was gonna tell you is that the call went up to the top and the top to us meant Milwaukee.


Jack was the national president. And this, this makes a hard argument for when they say it's not an organization, you do your own stuff. We only d each each other. Nobody knows each other's business. Well then how did it go to the top of the outlaws? Who said, has this guy ever really been checked? And they go back and say, well, we've done like six to eight jobs with him and we're not in bracelets, meaning handcuffs. And he said, I don't care. Check 'em. So now that's when I get stripped in the basement. I learned that. And this is what clothesline tells me. And you gotta remember my mindset is, screw this guy. I'm ready to go to blows. I'm not gonna look like a bitch. And he says, man, I know I was born to be an outlaw.


I'm either gonna die young or die in jail. He said, and these are my brothers. He said, but I really don't have a lot of friends. And he said, ones that I know would take a bullet for me. And I'd take a bullet for them. And that's when I start looking at his face and I'm going, oh shit. Don't you say it, man, don't you say it. And he says, and you're one of those people. So now I'm like, Ugh. And he says, the reason he didn't show up is because he felt so bad for what he had to do to me in the basement that night. He got so obliterated that night. He was passed out through the whole drug deal the next day. So that night when I called my wife, she says hello.


And my first words are, or she's like, how's it going? How did it go? My first words are, I'm a dick. I go, I'm such a dick. This guy loves me. He cares about me. Now that's the real side. That's the human side. Now there might be, you know, we, we don't train that way. We tell you, look, that's not you. But I'm still human. I'm out there. I'm out there. I'm surprised we hadn't said this yet. A lot of times, if I'm speaking or teaching or whatever, I'll put up there, what does undercover mean to you? So I'll ask you, what do you think undercover is? You're pretending Okay, you're pretending you Infiltrate an organization. Pretend to be one of them. I get that a lot


When it comes to college basketball and March mania. One thing is for sure, nothing's for sure. Upsets, buzzer beaters. Cinderella's advancing top seeds going home early. Bet the unexpected. Every upset every day with Draftking Sports book. Everyone sweating it out. Except you. DraftKings is offering all customers a no sweat parlay every single day. How does it work? Opt in and place a bet on any parlay. If your bet doesn't hit, you'll get a bonus bet back in the amount of your original bet. Bet the unexpected with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan to get a no sweat parlay every single day. Only on DraftKings the crown is yours. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, call the Virginia problem gambling helpline at 8 8 8 5 3 2 3521 and over Virginia only eligibility and wagering restrictions apply. Opt in to get one. No sweat bet. No sweat. Bonus bet issued in amount of losing qualifying bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Maximum reward and qualifying bet criteria vary. For additional terms or responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by visible. Are you tired of wireless slowing you down? Do you wish there was a plan that offered a fast network plus fast hotspot plus savings on top of it all? Well, there is, and it's visible. Plus it's everything that makes visible and affordable, reliable wireless service. Plus, plus what? Plus visible's fastest network and up to two times faster. Hotspot plus smartwatch service included, saving you 10 bucks a month. Plus it's all powered by Verizon. Yes. Unlimited talk, text data and hotspot. All powered by Verizon's 5G Network. The best part, it's all on one line. Right now you can save $15 a month on visible plus for 25 months for just listening to me. That's $30 a month for Visible's best plan. This is an exclusive offer for Joe Rogan experience listeners. So switch by March 31st at visible.com/rogan terms apply. See visible.com for plan features and network management details.


I get lying. We hear acting. You're a character. Here is the definition of undercover work. You are building relationships that you're gonna betray, then that sucks if you look at it that way. Especially if you genuinely have something in common with these guys, right? And you actually like their Company. Now, don't get me wrong, if you haven't done anything illegal, well then no, I'm really not. I mean, I guess I'm still betraying you 'cause you thought I was somebody else, but we're not arresting you. I've done undercovers like that there. Those happen All the time. You're in there for five months and you're like, there's nothing federal here. I mean, they're just, they're they're, they're within their constitutional rights. I mean, you just bail, but you, you have to, you, you are basically building and betraying relationships, especially if you're gathering evidence of criminal activity.


And you need to know how you're gonna deal with that, rationalize that in your mind so it doesn't have an adverse impact on your psyche. And that's, that's tough. You know, I'll fast forward you a little bit. I, I, I, I crashed on that case for the three year period. I'd been going nonstop. And I'm not saying I'm tough. I met my threshold. I think your threshold changes every day, just like your comfort zone. Some days I take off jogging at 54 years old. Sometimes I take off running and I go, it's gonna be a damn good day. I feel light, fluffy floating on the floating on the cloud. Some days I take off running and I go, how long have I been running? Two minutes.


Damn, it's gonna be a long day. You know? So your comfort zone changes. I think your threshold changes. But I go into great detail in the book. But I, for three years I had been doing too much. Well, I say doing too much. But even when I moved to Tennessee, I did too much. Again. I just learned how to balance it better. I, I'm a workaholic. I love working, I love doing it all. SWAT call outs, running tactical schools here, case agent first building cases, putting bad people in jail, undercover. But I had stopped taking days off because I didn't want to give management a reason to tell me I couldn't go do an undercover.


I just worked through the weekend or be undercover through the weekend, come back, type up all my stuff, then run my cases, teaching All the tactics and firearms for Macallan in Brownsville agents, re resident agents, which is just satellite offices out of, out of San Antonio on swat, running firearms for them, stuff like that. And I just stopped taking care of myself. So we get to a point to where, like I said in great detail in the book, but just picture this, I already give you a little bit of a blurb on the undercover school, right? Two weeks, no days off. Let's just say I'm there for 10 days. Well, once we put you to bed, we're probably gonna hang out and drink a little bit because you're my peer and it's also therapy and I have it made.


It's good to know that you're not on an island by yourself. That there are other people doing the same thing you are. And there's a lot of bonding that goes on there. But that means for 10 days I'm not getting a whole lot of sleep and I've probably got too much alcohol in my system if we're being transparent. But then I leave straight from that undercover school and I go right into an undercover. And let's just say I land in Sturgis, which I did. And the Hell's Angels shoot five outlaws at point blank range. My first day there, like I hadn't even been in town like an hour. Now there's two old ladies, two patch members and a probate. But they're all shot. They confirmed it was a Hell's Angels we're talking paralyzed from the waist down for life. We're talking shot, crushed clavicles. I mean, not just like a, a zinger.


And now you're back doing that for days on end. And when I would get home, I would stop taking care of myself. I got to the point to where I was a walking zombie. I was on antihistamines, decongestants inhalers. I was taking hydroxy cuts like crazy. I was making the strongest coffee I could possibly make and I'd drink a pot of coffee and fall asleep. So what I learned through the book process, even though I'd learned a lot already, I, I found out from my wife, I was a ghost man. I'd come from SWAT work undercover, whatever. I'd be on the couch and my daughters would be on my lap. I'd help put 'em to bed. But my wife couldn't even ask me a simple question about the bills.


You know, Hey, there's this bill I got, do whatever you got. I can't think I, I just need to. And she wanted to do everything she could to support me and just let me veg and not put any put, not put anything on my plate. So we get to the end of the outlaw case and I'm starting to crash. Didn't know it. If you are a certified undercover and you are active in the FBI, you mandatorily have to be psychologically assessed twice a year. That whole thing is called safeguard. I'm not outing anything. It's out there. It's on the internet. But the safeguard process was created by Joe Pistone. Donnie Brasco. Oh wow. It was created by Joe and a, and a former agent who was back.


His background was a clinical psychologist, Steve Ban. And they came up with this because Joe, you gotta remember when Joe was undercover, there was no attorney general guidelines. There was, there probably wasn't even an operational procedure manual for undercovers. It was like, here's money, here's your recorders. Go make a case. He was one of the first 25 undercovers in the FBI in 1972. That happened right after Hoover left. Hoover did not believe in the undercover technique, but as soon as he was out, they started working undercover. But the safeguard process goes like, you take a bunch of psychological set tests and then you're gonna sit down, you're gonna take a break, it's gonna put a bunch of numbers into some charts. You're gonna sit down with a clinical psychologist.


They may be an agent for the FBI or they may be contracted in. They're gonna go over all that stuff with you. They're gonna dive deep into your psyche, try to, and then after that, you're gonna sit down with somebody like a pistone or an experienced undercover. 'cause you know the old saying, you can't bullshit a bullshit her, well, we used undercover uc as a verb. You can't uc a uc. Mm. So I remember going to take one of the tests as an open-ended sentence. You have to fill in the blanks. So I'm on my way to Daytona at a world run with the outlaws still rolling heavy in the case. And I, I stopped off at an undisclosed location to do the assessment. And I, I remember like the opening ended sentence might be, men are, and you gotta finish it.


I'd always say men, women are, I put women, they'd be like, what do you mean? I go, you know what I mean? I said, I'm not oven in that can of worms. Like man, no, we're different. How's that? But there was one that said the last time I relaxed I, and I couldn't think of anything. Wow. Nothing. And that's not me BSing, I'm like sitting there at the table going, well I work out All the time. I'm like, but that's not relaxing. It's not like I'm namaste and listen to Yani and shit. I'm like, I'm trying to throw 40 fives across the gym, you know? But I'm like, Hmm. So I just made up a story. Even even at that moment I thought, man, that's really screwed up. Wow. But I was like, nah, eh, ain't a big deal.


And again, way more detail in the book. But the thing that, the thing that happened to me was I ended up out, out partying with Outlaws and Mongos all night. We, I wake up the next morning, I mean, you can hear and feel the whiskey and egg squishing in your belly, You know that, you know, and I'm like, I'm, I just feel disgusted. I'm gonna start working out. So I'm in the hotel room doing, I don't know, before P 90 came out, but kind of that thing. Burpees, mountain climbers, pushups, air squats, situps, all this stuff. And I came up, and by the way, this is after I hit the inhaler. Took a decongest antihistamine, three hydroxy cuts, two cups of coffee.


I don't know if there was anything else in there. I later learned that that was basically a cocktail for an anxiety attack. I was like, who knew? Ah, doesn't make a lot of sense. But I had a, I had an anxiety attack. I was trying to work out, I came up for air hyperventilated, forgot all about combat breathing, forgot about paper bags. And but did I stop? Did I say, man, that's really screwed up. No, I took a nap, got up, started drinking Jack Daniels and went back. But when I flew home, I slept wheels up to wheels down till I hit Houston. And then I slept wheels up to wheels down till I got to Macallan. And I think probably the first two days I might have slept close to 20 hours a day.


Wow. But for the whole week, for a five, from like Sunday to Friday, I slept an average of 16 plus hours a day. Wow. And I wasn't, I wasn't depressed. I wasn't sick. I know what they both feel like I was at damn tired. So by Friday morning I take a phone call from a former good buddy of mine. He is probably one of the best undercovers I've ever seen. But he was calling me about a possible another biker case. And his first question was, how you doing country? And I'm like, not too good. And then he let me talk for an hour and convinced myself I needed to call Safeguard. So I called 'em, they came in and did an onsite assessment. They diagnosed me as over assigned.


And they said, You can continue the case on the phone until they take it down. And I stayed on the phone, I made a story up 'cause I'd gotten married technically and I told 'em I was getting a divorce, but I had to relocate my, my wife and my kids to El Paso where her family was at once. That's done. I'm pulling shocks. I'm coming to Massachusetts. We had already created, it was in the creation, our own biker club, that it was approved by the top of the Outlaws to be the number one support club in the Northeast. And we weren't, not gonna name it the righteous few. Scott Town was gonna be the president. I was gonna be an officer in it, Sergeant in arms. And, and, and I never went back up there because they told me I couldn't.


When you get put on timeout, it's like you no travel, you can be a case agent. We're gonna suggest to your division no travel, definitely no undercover work. There was some confusion there because one of the arguments is you need to eng you need to, you need to get back into being a case agent and remember what you're supposed to be doing. And I'm like, I never stopped being a case. I, I'm running all these damn cases while all this is going on. But I, I took a time out, I made some phone calls. There was one guy named Tim Sylvia, not the fighter who is a buddy now, by the way, Tim, this guy's name was Tim Sylvia. He had been in prison most of his life.


But before I stopped going up there, he was introduced to me. He knew about the cocaine, he knew about what I did. He calls me and says, man, I got some stolen vehicles for you. I'm in the magic powder business. If you can get me those bricks or whatever. He called them code on the phone for 18 a piece. I can buy 10 of 'em right now. So I called the case team and said, look, he's reaching out to me. I can't come back up there. So we rigged it up to where the guys that were posing as my truck drivers went and they were gonna pick up these stolen vehicles. They had like a seven series BMW worth a hundred plus grand at the time and some other vehicles while they were with 'em.


So here I am on timeout in my garage, sweating my tail off in Macallan. And I've got my two phones. I'm talking to the undercovers, I'm talking to Tim, Sylvia, I'm telling them where to go. They're being covered. They go, they meet while they're meeting Tim, the truck driver supposed playing. My truck driver calls me. You can hear me clearly on the recording. I'm talking on it. And I tell him how much to pay Tim for the stolen vehicles. And Tim was like, Hey, I'm gonna report the BMW stole stolen on Friday. And I said, can you make it Saturday? Gimme 24 hours more to get this thing into Mexico. And they did that. And then when they went to load the vehicles, he hit them for an 18, a key for 10 keys.


And they said yes. And they ended the case with them doing a ruse delivery of that dope. And so you ask about the relationships. So this is how it ends. I'm in Nevada helping put on an undercover school. That was one thing that safeguards said I could go to because they also knew they could do many assessments. Watch me, put me around other undercovers, make sure I'm not losing my shit. And I can't remember the time difference to Massachusetts, but I've already been drawing up diagrams of all these houses and clubhouses I've been in. And I'm, You know, sending those to all these SWAT teams all over the northeast that are gonna be hitting all these places.


And I got back to my hotel room and I always kept my undercover. Well, the case wasn't over technically yet anyway, but I always kept my undercover phones on for at least a month after a case went down. 'cause you got threatened or anything like that? Well, I get back to my room and my next tell's chirping and I check and it's, it's Scott town. He's left me a message. So I chirp him up and he's all raspy voice. 'cause he's been just woken up and he is like, Hey man, I just want you to know your, your truck driver, Tony. And, and the other guy, they were beating big Timmy. And I don't know what happened, but they all, I think they all got locked up. Well, he doesn't know that I'm an undercover and he's telling me that that was the take down day.


So he's calling me and I'm like, oh. I said, well, you know what brother? I appreciate that. I said, I don't, I don't wanna always control everything they do. Sometimes they do side jobs on their own. I said, I, they were not up there for me, but I'll try to find out what's going on. He said, lemme tell you what I'm gonna do. He said, I'm gonna get up, get cleaned up. I'm gonna find out what the hell's going on. I'm gonna call you back. And I said, okay. His last words to me were, I, I'm gonna get chucked up. His last words to me were, I love you brother. And I chirped back. And I said, I love you too. And he didn't, he didn't know that a SWAT team was gonna be hitting him in about 40 minutes. Wow. That's the last time I talked to him. He'll probably hear this. I, I got a 50 50 shot. If he walks up, I'll hug him. He probably wants to beat the shit outta me.


But Jesus man. Is he out? Yeah, he's out now. How much time did he do? I think he did like eight. Eight or 10. Somewhere in there. Do you have this anxiety of running into those guys somewhere?


This episode is brought to you by Intuit TurboTax. One thing I've learned from doing this podcast is the value of having real experts around whether it's someone breaking down complex science, health, or even philosophy. Having the right people makes All the difference. That's exactly what TurboTax does for your taxes. Because now taxes is matching with a TurboTax live expert for your unique tax situation. Your expert is backed by cutting edge technology that cross checks millions of data points for absolute accuracy. And while they work on your taxes, you can get real time updates on their progress and get the most money back all while you go about your day, which means less stress for you and the best possible outcome for your return. It's 2025. It's time to file like it now. This is taxes Intuit TurboTax. Get an expert now@turbotax.com.


This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. I love my job. I can talk about what I want. I get to meet all sorts of interesting people and discuss some very interesting topics. And even better, I get to work with people who also love what they do. It's the fucking best because you can see how passionate they are and just the working environment it creates. If you wanna create a workspace like that, use ZipRecruiter. They can help you put together a dream team, try it out for free right now at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. And not only will they help you find passionate people who love their work, but they'll also do it fast. ZipRecruiter smart matching technology will start sending you candidates immediately after you post your job. Once you see a candidate you like, you can send them a pre-written invite to apply message to reach out so you can get the ball moving even sooner. Hire experienced people who are excited about what they do with ZipRecruiter. Four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter, get a quality candidate within the first day. See for yourself. Go to this exclusive web address to try ZipRecruiter for free. ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. ZipRecruiter the smartest way to hire.


Yes and no. It really comes with a job. However, somebody pointed, pointed out a difference to me the other day there. I'm like, look man, as a cop or as an agent, you're locking people up and they're getting out. You know, if you get threatened in Greenville County, if you're working for Greenville County Sheriff's Office, let's say we're here, was it Travis County? If you get a threat, a legit threat in Travis County, do you think they've got the money in the budget or they would even spend money in their budget to move you to another town? No, but in the FBI, we have that. You hit the threat system, they move you somewhere, change a bunch of stuff. So in law enforcement, there's always been, you can lock people up. You go to the grocery store, you're with your wife and kids and you see 'em.


Everybody handles up their own way. For me, my best defense is a good offense. I just walk right up to you. Hey man, holy shit. How are you doing? I cannot believe, when did you get out? Are you okay? Hey, are you on the straight and narrow now? You know, because I'm gonna tell you transparent, there's few things I love more than a success story. Sadly, they're very rare in my 28 year career. But to see somebody who broke the law got out, turned themselves around and are doing great. I love it. You Do see some of those? Yeah. And I'll help 'em. I I'm helping one right now. I told 'em, I said, look, I, if you're doing the right thing, they're like, well, I got a felon on my record.


I'm like, well, who better to be a reference for you on your application than the guy who gave you the felon. If you're doing the right thing, I'll talk for you. Wow, we all mess up. I mean shit. You know. But That's gotta be so complicated because you're the guy who got him arrested. It is. And I have had threats that were legit. And I've had 'em at the sheriff's office where I was like, what do we do? And my lieutenant's like, we're gonna get some cops and we're gonna knock on that dude's door. Okay? And I've also been in the FBI where you could have gotten moved. And I decided, no, I'm not. Once that case gets taken down, I'm overt. Like a lot of people may not know it. I'm not trying to insult intelligence. But when you are arrested, I may be arrested with you.


I may not be. There's all kinds of ways we can do a take down. But eventually you're gonna be sitting with your defense attorney and you're gonna get discovery. And discovery is supposed to be everything. Now, there have been FBI people who did not turn over everything And it was very wrong. And we are still paying the price for it. But discovery is supposed to be everything. And at that point, you're gonna hear me on a preamble, you're gonna hear me go, let's see what's today. You're gonna hear me go. This is UCE undercover employee. This is UCE one, two, whatever. It's Wednesday, March 26th, central time, 2:45 PM I'm about to walk in to meet Joe. And they're gonna hear that and they're gonna know that I'm the undercover. They may not know my last name's Payne, but they're gonna know. Now what somebody pointed out to me was you know, as a cop though, you're just doing your job and you're arresting them as an undercover.


You've lied to 'em. And I went, Hmm. Probably should have thought about that before I did the book. Huh? Damn. But I, I try not to, I don't, I don't wanna live my life in fear. I'm a optimist. I'm a glass always half full guy. God, that's Hard to believe. Given your circumstances. I don't know how, for me personally, I don't know how to survived otherwise. 'cause if I was doom and gloom and the glass is always half empty, maybe this is a good time to interject this first responders military. Do you know what we're number? I'm talking fire medic cop, military. You know what we're number one in suicide.


Suicide. You know what else? We're number one in divorce. Alcoholism, throwing pills or whatever you want. There we're also number one in dying within five years after retiring. Who signs up for that? Right. You know, hell yeah. First in hell, second in heaven. No, No. I'll pass. But yeah, so that hurt. I mean, it is very, it's surreal and yeah, great job. But yeah, I mean, I'm human and, and, and I did really bond with that guy. And just like, I felt like a piece of trash when Clothesline told me that I was really, he considered me really his friend. Wow.


You know? So how, How was he doing now? I don't know if he's out or not. He had, he was supposed to get, I think he got 12 and a half, but I didn't keep up with it. I mean, sometimes people go to jail, they pick up some more charges 'cause they did something stupid in jail. But I will tell you, talking on that trans talking on that success story thing. Most of my career, with the exception of a pedophile, almost everybody I've arrested, I'll sit down with 'em and I'll say, listen, I'm not saying I think you're a bad person. I'm not saying I disagree with what you did. What I'm saying is, is you're an adult. You made a choice to break the law and you got caught. So let's just start right here. This is whatever, this is all I got. This is on the table.


Let's don't do that date and game Bs where you lie to me for two months and I lie to you for two months. And then when we're figuring out, we figure out we really do kinda like each other. Now I can tell you the truth. This is what I got. And it's just is not dehumanizing. And they're still people. And I love connecting with people, like I said. Wow, That's a great attitude. Did you ever think, like, while you're talking to people like Scott Town, like man, if my life had been different, I had gone down the wrong roads, grew up in a different neighborhood, you would be one of them. Absolutely. Yeah. Absolutely. That's why we had so much in common. Yeah. That's part of the problem with life. Yeah. Everybody wants to pretend that that could never be me. No. Abso it could have easily been me.


And I'm like, I, I looked at it and I'm like, it's that proverbial fork in the road. I went that way, but I gotta easily went that way. Yeah. That's why I got along with 'em so much. Yeah. You know, again, other than like pedophile stuff. So what pedophile stuff did you have to do? Actually, one of the quickest undercovers I ever did was the most satisfying. And I actually did this one I think before The Outlaws. It was in San Antonio. They, there was a guy that got picked up for molesting a kid. And I didn't know the whole backstory, but in the San Antonio vision, the agents and stuff knew me or the SWAT people. They knew I'm the undercover guy. And they called me up because while he was in Bear County in San Antonio, he approached somebody in jail, solicited them to kill the kid or to find somebody that could kill the kid.


A lot of these murder for hire plans are stupid. But that's actually wasn't too bad of a plan. Like if the kids, these cases are tough. They suck. They, they're, they're atrocious. They are. I mean, it's a waste in oxygen in my personal opinion. But it's usually a kid from a broken home. It's after the fact. It's an adult versus a kid. But he knew he wasn't gonna do well in prison. So he approached somebody in prison who then, as most people who are serving time do, they are trying to get credit to get out. And that person called his attorney. And that attorney called the FBI and they worked it out to where he entered me. So I drive up to Bexar County, I sign in 'cause he put me on the list.


I go in and I'm in, I'm in, I'm in the phone bank. It's all stainless steel. You can't hear nothing but baby mamas. And everybody's screaming and cussing and pissed off. And here I am trying to get this recording through this glass. And I'm talking to the guy and I said, you know who I am? He is like, yeah. I said, well I hope you do 'cause you put me on your list to come see you. You know what I do? And he is like, yes. I was like, slow rolling. I didn't know, I didn't wanna scare him off. So I was like, you know, I'm in the extermination business. And he's like, yeah. I said, I kill pests for a living. He said, yep, that's exactly what I wanted. And I had a picture of the kid, Of course we're working with a family on this, but I had a picture of the kid just walking like a surveillance photo.


And I put it up on the window and I said, is this the pest that you want taken care of? Something to that effect. And clearly on the recording, Thank you Lord, it picked it up. He said, that's him. So you're not gonna call a bug a him. Right. So what I found out is I met him twice, just a two meet thing. But what I found out from the solicitor's office in, in Bexar County, it was mostly women working it because it was the, the Crimes against Children was combined with the domestic violence unit. And Joe, when I went walking in there and they're like, this is Scott. I mean they all stood, it's like some TV show. They stood up and they started clapping. I'm like, I don't understand.


And this isn't me chest beating, that's not what I'm trying. But it's like, what is going on? They're like, Thank you so much. You are so, and I'm like, I appreciate it, but I'm doing my job. What they told me is that guy had walked on four molestation cases before. Oh. And he also walked on some possession of, somehow he got out of possession of child pornography stuff. And, but when he found out, when they approached him and said I was an undercover and that they got him, he pled guilty to hiring me to kill the kid and pled guilty to the molestation of the kid. Matter of fact, when I was talking to him the first time, he threw me off guard. 'cause he starts, he, he is like, yeah, yeah.


And I go, alright, well what do you got? This, that, and the other. We're talking thing. And he goes, Hey, I'd like you to kill the rest of his family too. They're in Wisconsin. And I'm, I actually giggled a little bit 'cause it threw me off. I went, well I'm not above traveling, but let's deal with one pass at a time. I'm like, you agree? I'm thinking in my head, bad gum man. You know? But he knew, as most pedophiles do, you're not gonna do well in prison. So his idea was kill the kid, kill the family. And then there's no evidence like he Did. Yeah. He just gets to walk. 'cause there's no witness to show up to trial. Jesus Christ. Right. Yeah. And, and then being around that stuff, like I've had trainees that, you know, you get a new agent, they come in, they assign you as the training agent and they might be working that stuff.


And I'll tell you, for me personally, That's tough to work for me. Yeah. Okay. It was before I even had girl, before I even had kids. I remember seeing like, I like five images. We, we hit a guy. He was actually a professor at University of Texas, pan Am And he was so vigilant. I mean he had like, he had All the, the, the child porn videos broken down by ethnicity, age, sex. Oh Jesus. So I mean, you could say I want Asian male 11. And he would have, I mean, oh my God. And it was just sick. Now did he come from a messed up thing? Yeah. Turns out his mother had molested him and his brother. We tie 'em in the basement, tie 'em to each other and make 'em have sex with each other.


Oh my God. But it's horrific. But break the chain man. Break the chain. Oh. So yeah, I saw, I saw like five photos and I was, I was messed up for probably a week or two. A professor. Yeah. My wife would try to, she'd try to touch me. Not even just to be in, I mean, you know, just to touch. And I'd be like, Uhuh, no. I'm like, I can't man. I gotta get this shit outta my head. Wow. Now later on in undercovers, I could be the guy to drive and pick you up. I could show you pictures. Is this what you want? Kind of thing. But to like sit there and look through that stuff, my brain's not cut out for that. But there are those who are, and in the FBI, they, if you're looking at that, you have to be psychologically assessed as well as you should.


I could only Imagine. Yeah. How would these guys getting these videos, are they making them Joe? It is. There's like, see that's the thing, right? It is. This is one of The grand. So huge. It's one of the, It's so fricking Huge. That's the scary thing. 'cause most people aren't aware of it. And this is one of the big conspiracy theories that there's these pedophile rings out there, but they're real. Yeah. Yeah. Human trafficking. Now I, I can sway on some of the human trafficking stuff 'cause I've seen human trafficking from the border All the way to the hotel room. If it's, it's rarely a hooker ever on free will or an escort of on free will. But if they're out there doing, I, I don't know, it gets a little muddy on some of the trafficking stuff for me personally. But it's still trafficking.


They got brought in when they were underage. Now they're a product of what they've been forced to do. You know? Right. That's, it's very sad. But as far as the child porn stuff goes, it's insane. I've worked with some, they call 'em Iacs Crimes Against Children. And there's so much out there. But there was so much at one. This is just me in, in Tennessee. I'm with them. They have so many hits on whatever dark web thing it is. Might be Discord. I'm trying to think of what it used to be. But there's all kinds of stuff like that, that they'll go to these And what they believe or what are encrypted apps that are based overseas.


So they don't think that the FBI or Feds here, the alphabet boys and girls can do subpoenas and get that stuff. That's why they use those. Now does that mean that everybody on Discord is bad? Absolutely not. Telegram. No. But do people go there to do bad things? Yep. Yeah. And it's just like, you could go, I remember them showing me stuff as the undercover coordinator. I'm over there and I'm looking at stuff and they're showing me what All the hits they've got right now. Just people hitting and through the databases. You could do knock and talks every freaking day, all day long. Hey man, how you doing? Hey, you mind if we look at your computer? You might not get in there, but yeah, it's, it's a mess. A mess. And So there's a whole ring of people all across the country.


Yeah. Or just mom and pops farming out their kids. Oh my God. Yeah. Sex across state lines. Oh yeah. Not good at all. There's just like, again, I'll mention Macallan several times. This isn't undercover stuff, but case agent stuff. I mean, there's my, my look at doing a book on case agent stuff. I was down there working the cartel with me and my, and the people I worked with. That was back when OZL Cardenas ran the golf cartel. So it was violent, violent as you know what, but there was some kind of SOP, there was like a procedure. But I mean, when I try to tell people, I'm like, look, I don't care whether you're left or right.


I, I meet all kinds of people. If you're extreme left, I'm probably gonna tell you you're an idiot if you're extreme right. I know you're an idiot. 'cause I've been with them, you know, I'm like, I'm like, I just wanna bring it. What's, what's so funny is you start here and you go far left. And they're like, I want to, I'm a socialist. I'm a socialist. I want everything for free. I want to, and you start here on the far right and they're like, I want Hitler. I want Hitler. But that's socialism. You get here, it's the same shit. They just want stuff for free. I want all whites. Well, that'll affects everything, You know? Yeah. It is just, it's insane. But down on the border, you tell people, you're like, man, they just, I'm not saying that, I'm not trying to shed a bad light on Mexico and stuff, but it, a lot of it runs on corruption.


A lot of it runs on money. And they do not value life like we do. I mean, man, they chop heads off it's Al-Qaeda stuff. I mean they, they're sawing heads off. You find a van full of eight heads. We worked kidnappings and extortions down there All the time back then. I mean, one of the, one of the cases OZL, it was, we thought it was a wives tale. And this is sick. So I apologize to people that think this is way gross, but it's real. The first one isn't that gross? He had a line, he would feed people too. A lion a a line. And that was the rumor. And then, I can't remember if it, they went up in a fixed wing or a helicopter, but they flew over the line and somebody was asking the other one, Hey, what are all those bones?


And they were like, oh, I'll pull you. You know, chicken, that's, that's a big ass chicken. That chicken looks like a femur. You know? So there's that. But the one that was really sick is, so when they would kidnap you, like, like if you lost a load or they thought you stole something or you didn't pay your quotas. Because even as a, as a undocumented special interest alien, whatever you wanna call it, illegal alien smuggler. You had to pay quotas to the cartel to smuggle through their territory. Same thing with dope. If you got behind on that, they kidnap you. Same mo three suburbans pull up somewhere in South Texas. Jump out on such and such corner. Everybody's in black bdu. They grab you. That was the safest. They were the enforcement cartel.


They'd take you over beat. You start calling the family saying We want a hundred grand, 300 grand, whatever you start, we'd start brokering the deal. 'cause we have border liaison officers and we would do cross trainings with military and police in, in Mexico. So the border officer calls and goes, Hey, it's such and such time of day on this corner. Three suburbans pulled up. The guy's name is this, it was this time guy. 30 minutes, 40, 30 minutes to an hour later we get a call back. They got him, what's the deal? I he, he brought a load back And it was missing a hundred grand. Okay. So now I'm in, I'm in the house with the family going, okay, they want 300 grand. Well we don't have it. Well they don't have it. They want a hundred grand.


We don't have it. Well what do you got? We got 60 grand. What else they got? Remember my V eight four by four, they got a suburban, how many miles are on it? And here we are at midnight rolling the suburban over the bridge with $60,000 to get the sun back. Wow. So one of the, we thought was a wife's tale is that OZL had a, i i, I don't know what the politically correct term is these days, but a midget small person, I don't know. I, but that the rumor was back then that he had a midget who was very well endowed and he would rape people for the cartel. And you just let that soak in for a little bit. Jesus. My comedy starts coming out.


I'm like, how do you get the small person? I mean, I don't know. Yeah. That's his thing. I'm like, so we all thought it was bs. And then there was a Christmas Eve, we started getting calls. I was actually driving to Arizona for vacation. But I was on the phone calling sources and calling All the other agents. The, this guy had basically carjacked a car in Rio Grande City. So directly across the river is Camargo. So he gets in there, he didn't look in the backseat as an infant. Now the cartels pissed at him, him for bringing heat. And they are beating him. And they're, I mean it's, they used to hit him with the clubs, throw kilos, bricks at 'em, cigarette burns, cigar burns, real big battery cables, stuff like that.


Threatening them. And we got him back. But when he came across the bridge, my peers called me and go, holy shit Scott, it's real. And I go, what are you talking about? He said, this dude is bawling. When the call came in and the cartel was like, okay, let this one go. The midget was in the room. That guy was crying when he came back across the bridge, he was getting ready to get raped. Wow. Slightly sick, right? Yeah, slightly. It's a different world. Yeah. That's probably the wor least bad thing they could do to you. I don't know. I don't know how to look in the mirror after all that. I don't know. I mean, you get out alive, I guess It's insane.


Or do you, so other than the pedophile cases, what, what were the most like shocking cases that you had to do? Hmm. Well they're all a little shocking in their own way. The pedophile one's gotta be the hardest one to like sleep at night. Yeah. But if, what a good just to know, but what a good feeling to get him. Right. That's a different feeling. You know? That's a non-conflicted feeling when you get him Good. Yeah. When she called me, when the assistant solicitor called me and said, Hey, he pled guilty. He got, he got 20 for, I can't remember which was for which, but he got 20 years for I believe the most molestation in 10 for hiring me to kill him. So, and then they had to do state of Texas with 85%.


So yeah, it was gonna be a tough ride for him. Pardon the pun. Yeah. But yeah, so crazy stuff, man. I mean that some of that neo-Nazi stuff was just insane. How'd You get involved in that? Well, number one, I go where my skillset takes me. Number two, we kind of go to what the shift is in the FBI. Were people doing a lot of biker club stuff anymore? Not at that time. I was a criminal criminal investigator for pretty much my entire career. But towards the end in Tennessee, I switched over to the joint T task force. And I really did it because it was just, I was having some disagreements, some would be lightly, but I was having disagreements with management.


And my MO had always been, even though I'd burned myself out before, once I got to Tennessee, I set up accountability buddies. I set up trip wires and stopped saying yes to everything and made ways to relax and balance and get myself back. But towards the end, we, I, I switched over to joint children task force because again, my MO was try to be above average on your squad. And then if you're kicking butt on stats and stuff like that, then maybe they won't say no to let me go do the undercover. Maybe they won't say no to let me go help put on this SWAT school or this SWAT call out.


And that was what I did. But that wasn't working for me in Tennessee anymore. And I, I went to the, the head of the division and, and requested to be moved. So I went to joint CHE task force and my skillset kind of led right into that domestic terrorism stuff. 'cause it was like in the state of Tennessee, you have Aryan Nations, which was the Tennessee Department of Corrections, TDOC, prison gang. But it's white supremacy. So as a case agent, I started working that stuff and then I just started getting more exposed to those kind of cases. So now when the canvases start coming up or we're running an undercover op ourselves, those cases are coming in and it's like, okay, I'll do that one unless anybody's got a disagreement.


You know? And that's what I started doing. That's how we kind of got into those. 'cause we started getting more threats, you know, after the Charlottesville stuff. Now it's really getting kinda on the radar. They're like, man, this is, maybe we should be putting more resources. Maybe we should be putting the FBI saying maybe we should be putting more resources to this domestic terrorism threat. And that's what I started getting. I mean, I, I would go into, I kind of mentioned it earlier, but a, a neo-Nazi group, but it's mainly online. And here I am for five months reading post, after post. And I, if I woke up after six hours of sleep and there was, I was 1500 posts behind, I'd rewind it and read 'em all for five months.


'cause I didn't wanna miss anything. Me personally, I didn't wanna miss anything or anything bad happened because I missed something. But after five months and maybe meeting them once or twice, there was, it's all first Amendment protected. They weren't, they weren't doing anything to prepare for the vi for to cause violence. They're just preparing for the day. And then when the day happens, then they'll be ready. But again, I talk to people overseas, Canada, whatever I have to explain, I'm like, look, in the United States, we have a constitution and your first amendment is freedom of speech. I said, you can walk out in the street right here and say, I hate every say a racial slur. I hope every racial slur dies.


That's not illegal as You know, have you've seen it, you can burn American flags, freedom of speech. Try that in China. Right? Lemme know how that works for you. Death to China light the flag on fire. I'm not sure how long you'll last. Right? Not long. But that's what we, that's, that's the hard thing about working domestic terrorism is there's no federal domestic terrorism statute. So you're trying to see what crimes are they committing, if any, And what can we do to get 'em off the street if they're planning bad things. So how did you infiltrate the neo-Nazi organization? Did you actually meet with them in person or did, was it mostly online?


So I'll just jump to the base. Okay. Because the base was the one that's kind of the beginning and the end of the book. They were actively recruiting. I mean, I was in the Klan too for a little while for the job. I gotta be careful I say it right. People clicked out back when I was in the Klan, we were good old boys, but the, they were recruiting openly online. The base was, and the base is an accelerationist group. And that's what I, I again, great detail in the book, in the podcast. But the thing is, is most people hear white supremacy. They think hoods and robes and crosses on fire.


Right? That's not this man. The, these are, these are, this is why they're called accelerationist. There's a book out there called Siege written by James Mason. Long time White supremacists. It's a weird book. It's basically articles and interviews all just shoved together. But this guy kind of idolized and, and interviewed people like Charles Manson. You know what a great role, role model? I mean if you're looking, but it, he, he created a group called Adam Waffen. And this is what accelerationism is. 'cause when I go to infiltrate the base, I'm just answering stuff. They're putting out there emails, they're posting on Gab, save your race, join the base.


We're a survivalist group. Email is at the base, underscore1@protonmail.com. So I start answering that stuff after about a week or so of emails back and forth after me asking me everything, my ethnicity, my height, weight, when was my red pill moment, which they kind of use the matrix theme there. So if they say, when were you red pilled as a Christ follower, it's the same thing as when I was baptized or when I got saved. Right? So if, if, if you're an accelerationist or that level of neo-Nazi and they say, what was your red pill moment? You need to know it. 'cause it's kind of like the big deal. That's when you said ha ha. Right. Hate all of the people. So after about a week in week or so of emails I get on, they tell me to download the wire app similar to WhatsApp.


You can call and talk on it and stuff like that and create groups all over it. So I do like about an hour and 15 minute interview panel of like four or five people asking me all kinds of stuff. I answered best I could, best I prepared for. And then they gave me a 24 hour rest period. 'cause they said, now that you know what we are, we're gonna give you 24 hours to think about if you wanna be a part of us. And we want 24 hours to think about it. But this is what they told me Accelerationism was, they said acceleration is, they call it siege culture, kind of parlaying off the book. But they do not believe there's a political solution to save the white race.


They believe that society is either gonna collapse on its own or for manmade events and they wanna speed that up. The group I was in was calling that Boogaloo, the Boogaloo and everything always ends with an ethno state. Now it's not saying they, the groups that I was in, they weren't gonna take over the entire United States. But they, the group I was in one section was looking at property and land in the Appalachian Mountains. One section of the base was looking at the upper peninsula of Michigan. One section of the base had property in the Pacific Northwest. So you get in there, you start learning that ideology. But again, in the beginning, I'm just ingratiating. I don't, I mean, we know they've been saying crazy stuff online, but is it illegal per se?


No. But are they planning on taking steps to do some bad things? And that goes back to that domestic terrorism culture. You go in Telegram or whatever you, I mean you've got your, your Terrance and your Brex and they're in there, four chan, eight chan, and they're posting right before they go and commit All the murders. You know, here I am, I'm going live. Watch this. Jesus Christ. Yeah. So, but imagine being in law enforcement and trying to look at all these thousands of posts and trying to figure out, well, which one's actually gonna follow through, which one is seriously planning on doing something. So you always gotta stay vigilant and keep going after it. So What would these guys planning on doing? What was their, their accelerate moment?


Well, per the sieges culture, they like to do like gorilla warfare tactics. So they're against the Charlottesville stuff, being in a group picket signs, screaming racial slurs, You know, all this stuff. They're against that. They're like, that's stupid. You know, number one, you're making yourself a target. You're not doing anything. It's more guerrilla warfare. T it's where, let's say over here in Austin, power grid goes down over here, train gets derailed over here. Water system's poisoned anything to create chaos and killing of anybody left anti-fashion, non-whites, very anti-Semitic. Very like way more than it, it kind of opened my eyes when I started getting into some of these neo-Nazis.


'cause for the most part, I thought when I thought racism, I thought white against black. Right? But these, these neo-Nazis groups I was in, man, they are, they are antisemitic man. They cannot stand Jews. Wow. It is like, like it's sickening if you, if you listen to it. But again, they want that Hitler, they want Hitler back. I mean, some of these guys were like talking about concave earth hollow earth. Hitler's still alive. He's in hollow earth. He's with giant white men who are Anglo white with red hair and 15 plus foot tall. And I'm like, and I go, so where are these 15 foot tall white guys?


And they're like, well, they're in the middle earth with Hitler. They're waiting. And I go, for what if we're gonna take NBA contracts? Come on back, let's do this. Let's take this thing down. And sometimes I'm just comical with 'em. You're like, Hey, we're we need your Nazis. Yeah, we're gonna get the ethnostate. Yeah, we're ready for the boogaloo. Yeah, we're building our kit. Yeah. Who's gonna be Hitler? And everybody goes, Ugh, well there only be one buddy. Are we gonna fight it out right now? Who's gonna win this thing? But what happened with the base is a lot of them were into the pagan. And I, I say this loosely, I have plenty of friends that are Pagan saru and, and, and they are great people.


Love 'em. What do you mean by pagan? Like the, like, so there's different pantheons, but the most common one is nor north nor mythology, basically the, you know, it's basically the Marvel universe. So they worship ancient Viking Culture. Yeah. Odin, Thor, whatever. Really? Yeah. Oh yeah, man. Like does a church for that. Well I don't wanna say a church per se, but yeah, they'll hold blo a block is just think Viking kind of stuff. The ones that do it that are serious, they, they're upset that white supremacists have taken their stuff and used it. But if you look at Hitler, Hitler was already looking into that Norse mythology too.


He had, You know, he had, you know, looking for Thors hammer or whatever, the holy grail, biblical and all this stuff. But there's, there's Christian identity, which is making a comeback in the white supremacy realm. Not to be confused with Christianity. Christian identity is, if you can wrap your mind around this, they, a lot of them have a, it's the dual seed line belief. So they take the story of the garden, garden of Eden, Adam and Eve, the serpent and the fruit of the forbidden tree. They take that story and they say, okay, it's still the same except the fruit of the forbidden tree is a sexual act with the serpent who is a man of color, also known as Satan.


And then when Satan sleeps with Eve, their offspring is cane. And they are the mud race from then on. That's what they call 'em, mud race, non-white mud race from then on down. But the procreation from Adam and Eve is Abel. And that's the pure white race. That's just one of the many belief systems. So when you see, I know, right? Yeah. I'm like shaking my head like, what the fuck, What, how did you get that? What, what are they using as like references? Like how do they get this information? Ah, so as far back as that, I know, I'm sure it came out earlier, but there was the Aryan Nation, Reverend Butler, red Ray Fair and all that stuff. And they taught that, they taught the Christian Identity Church of Jesus Christ Christian.


And they take that and twist it, you know, as if Jesus is just a white guy. And so did you physically meet with these guys and infiltrate their organization? Yes. Some of some of those, yes. And the Christian identity was kind of in the clan belief that I, that I was in for a short moment. But the, the pagan there, just like I said, that the Christian identity takes the Bible and twists it. Then the paganism is taking Norse mythology or if you're an Egyptian pantheon or whatever, and they're twisting it towards their white supremacy. And that's not what paganism really is. If you know, like, again, I've got friends that do it. They're upset with white supremacists using their stuff.


But then again, in the base, there was a guy who wasn't a sat true priest and he led the first blood I ever attended BLOT, which is kinda like the worship ceremony for pagans. I mean, we're down there with our shirts off, wiping blood on our chest, drinking mead as if we're vikings. And then pray unto our gods. And they would take wood, carve the wood and they would carve runes and like white supremacy symbols in it. And we would cut ourselves and bleed on the runes and then set that on fire and pray until the fire went out. Whoa. Yeah. And that was kind of, how many Of these guys are out there in the world? I don't know. I mean there's, there's academia and stuff that try, they're like, there's millions of white supremacists and Nazis are gonna be on your doorstep tomorrow.


I'm not gonna say that. Well, they wanna call everything white supremacy, which is a real problem. 'cause there's actual white supremacy out there. Yeah. And when you call everything white supremacist, Just somebody disagreeing or having a different belief System watching a video of a, a fucking crazy professor who was saying that marriage is white supremacist. It's the craziest video of all time. There's an undercover video where they, they interviewed this lady and she, they were asking her questions and she didn't know she was being recorded. She was a professor. Yeah. Like marriage is thin privilege. It's white supremacy, it's, you know, male privilege, which leads to white supremacy and white privilege and like just a bunch of gobbly gook nonsense words that she was attaching to just people getting married Clearly that she's not a Christ follower.


'cause if you, if you follow the Bible, yeah. It lays out what marriage is. Yeah, well she's definitely not, yeah, she's a kook. But it's, the problem is calling everything white supremacy. It kind of, it obscures the fact that there's really people, like the people that you're running into. They're real. Yeah. And It's just like, how many of 'em, and where are they? Thousands, hundreds Of thousands. Yeah, I'd say, I don't know about hundreds of thousands, but I'd Say thousands. Thousands, Thousands. Because a lot of times if you're in that community and you're looking, let's say this is a telegram channel over here and it's terror wave or whatever it is before it was taken down and you see all these monikers, like I was Pale Horse in the base, I was PE horse, that was my moniker.


And then you see pestilence and you see TMB, the militant Buddhist, and you see helter skelter and you say, well you might go to another group, maybe they've changed their moniker. But you start realizing, hey, did you used to be pestilence and others channel? Yeah, that's me. All right. You know what I mean? Right. But what's scary is like in that base case, I, as I said before, I'm a tactical instructor, firearms instructor, I'm an alert instructor, which is right near where we're at right now in San Marcos, Texas. And, but you can't go undercover and help these, help these guys train or help 'em get better because they might be doing bad things.


So I go in, I had my whole backstory, former skinhead, former biker. And my skill set was like hand to hand combat. Could I shoot? Yeah. But I let them lead me. We went out there and the first time we did tactical and firearms training, it was led by 19-year-old kid. And it was good. It was good. And he's not military. And I'm like, I'm watching. I'm like, where the hell did you learn this? So a lot of stuff happens on gaming systems because they're so realistic now. Wow. Yeah. I mean these kids, You can go on and if you got your mic on, you might get your butt handed to you by an 11-year-old kid who's telling you to clear the hard corner and slice the pie. They're using the same verbiage.


And I'm like, holy crap. You know, virtual world meets real world. Wow. Only problem is, is in the virtual world, you get to respawn not so much in the real world, you know, I'm gonna respawn now. But yeah, he let it and they, they were shooting fast and accurate. They, it wasn't the best. They were mistakes. But I was impressed with how safe they were. The two guys running at TB and pestilence. Because that was a concern for me, right? Like if you could see the aerial footage, like when we first go out there and they're shooting, I'm way back behind 'em. 'cause I'm like, I don't know how these people are guns. Right? Right. I've seen plenty of bad shooters doing some stupid things on the line. And then we start working like that.


So I start gaining their trust, do a couple of blos hikes, drinking rucking, whatever. And then it starts, we're finding out a little bit more, not necessarily think necessarily anything criminal except for the fact that there was a Canadian who was part of their, basically it's like, it would be like their national guard, but he got doxed. And for the listeners that don't know, doxing basically is being outed. So a lot of these accelerationist groups are big on putting up flyers and stickers. They go by and they slap up stickers everywhere. You know, join the ba, save your race, join the base with a QR code.


You scan that QR code, it takes you right to bit shoot to a video of us of a propaganda propaganda recruitment video We filmed in Georgia Wow. Of us shooting and everything. And so there's one in Canada, he puts up flyers, somebody answers it to make, again, it's more in depth in the book, but he meets this guy, the guy does the same panel kind of thing. I did. But then he gets vetted face to face. So when you get vetted face to face, it's gonna be a little bit more intense. They do a face-to-face vetting of this guy. And he says the, the punish snake was the moniker, his name is Patrick Matthews.


He was up there and he vetted him face to face and said he is good to go. So after about a week to two weeks tops in the main chat group, this dude bales, and it turns out that he was a journalist in Canada who went on his own and met Patrick Matthews and infiltrated at least to a certain degree the base. And then he puts out in a big news article up there that this guy is Patrick Matthews. And so Pat, RCMP comes to his house, takes his guns, he gets booted from the National Guard thing, loses his job, his parents don't like him anymore. And they, they lose him. They find his truck near the border of the United States.


So we're all looking for him. And you have to realize that on the base case, let's just say you've got 40 targets. Well, they're all over the world. A lot of 'em in the United States. Well, every one of those FBI field offices are open separate cases. But we're all trying to work together because it's the same group. And we get to a point to where, I'm sorry, we were looking for Patrick Matthews and there's a unbelievable case agent. We had, we had several on the case, but Nate plu was running the case out of, out of Seattle because the leader of the base had property in, in Seattle's territory.


But there was a case agent named Rashid, who's out of Baltimore, and he's running for the guys there. Rashid was able to figure out by some unbelievable phone analysis when Patrick came into the United States and we're tracking, we're all looking for him, we think we might know where he is at. And I show up at a training and North Georgia, in Rome, Georgia, and he's there when I pulled up, I see vehicles and I'm counting heads under the, under the barn. And I'm like, there's one extra person I know that's that person's car. And I said, well see, when I walk up, I walk up. And by then his hair had all grown out and had a red bushy beard. And he's like, as soon as he started talking, it was a Canadian accent. And I was like, Hey man, welcome to the United States brother.


So now we had him there and now we're starting to find out a little bit more about death plots and this, that and the other. But is it just drunk talk or are they actually planning on doing something? Right. And then that's when we get to the, the, the big Halloween of 2019 hate camp. And there was base members that came in from all over the United States. And again, I'd done some pagan blots with 'em. Like I said, cut yourself. I remember the, the first time I did it, I, I was like, dammit, why didn't I bring my own knife? And they, when it was time to cut your finger, the tip of their knife was broken.


And I'm like, well, I'm not gonna slice my damn arm, open my tats and I'm not gonna slice my finger open. I'm trying to stab my finger to bleed with a broken tip note to self, bring your own knife next time. So I did. But we're doing Halloween, we're there and I doze off. We've already done hand-to-hand combat some firearm stuff. Had a couple of drinks and I'm charging my phone in my truck. It's really cold. So I kind of doze off. I wake up to pounding on my window. Pale Horse. Pale Horse, you gotta get up, you gotta see this, you gotta see this. I'm like, what's going on? And they're like, man, remember us talking about a sacrifice in the goat? I'm like, yeah. And they go, we got the goat.


So I get out and there's this ram in the back of one of the member's trucks. They had gone not far away to a house that had three rams. And they all dressed up. And, and I'll paint the picture for you because the clothing, the, the camouflage pattern that the base wore was Lec Tarn. 'cause lec Tarn pattern is German again, Hal Hitler kind of stuff. So they went where balaclavas cover everything up, they hop fences, steal this ram and bring it back to the farm in Rome, Georgia. So I wake up and I walk out there and this thing's crapping all over the bed of the truck.


And one of the members, pretty big fella, he says, man, this thing's shitting everywhere. And I said, well, hell, I wouldn't be too if I just got kidnapped by a bunch of dudes and lec torn and balaclavas, you know. So now we're kind of preparing and I'm thinking, man, are we really gonna do this? And I walked over to the guy, his, he, he went by Eisen and he was gonna be leading the block. And Eisen says, I, I go over to him and I go, man, is it, is it bad that I feel sorry for the goat? And he says, you can't let the goat hear you say that. And I'm like, okay, dude, tell. And he's like, he goes, this is a sacrifice to Odin this, this, this is a beautiful sacrifice. This we love this ram, we love this goat.


Whatever the hell it was. They, we love it and we're showing it love. And it is being blessed to go to Valhalla and meet Odin. So the rule was, everybody leave your weapons and we're gonna go down to the holy spot and deep in the woods. A hundred acre farm by the way. And we're walking down there and the goat's just making all kinds of racket. And we get down. I'm sorry, I should, lemme rewind just a little bit. I'm trying to figure out in my head, should I do this or should I just blow the case right now? And I'm thinking, well, they said they took the goat. Okay, so that's theft of an animal that's not federal.


I'm like trying to go through my head. So I go to my truck and I lean into one of my devices and I'm like, Hey, if y'all can hear me, because when I was out in the field, I'm covered. So for that four day hate camp, they were covering me 24 7 running shifts. They being law enforcement. And I go and I go, Hey, if y'all can hear me, I'm pretty sure we're getting ready to go down here and sacrifice this animal. And I'm running it through my brain. And I know they said they stole it, but I can't come up with a good enough reason to stop this right now. If you guys don't want me to do this, you gotta send me a sign and let me know.


And I waited and I waited And it was crickets. And then I said, okay, I guess I'm going down to the woods. So we go down. You had your chance. I was waiting. Oh my God. So we go down to the woods and we get there. And I don't know how I ended up at the back of the goat, we're in a circle around the goat and I'm at the back of it. And Eisen, who's leading the blot, is talking about we're gonna be starting the wild hunt in nor mythology, the wild hunt is basically ODing it, a bunch of other gods going out in the middle of the night and whipping the crap outta every other God that they didn't like or whatever. And the twisted version of the base starting the wild hunt was gonna start with the sacrifice of this goat, which he named Gar.


His middle name was Garfield, named after his grandfather to show love to the goat. And he named it Gar after his grandfather. Okay. So he says, once we commit, we do sacrifice. And it goes to Valhalla that, that the wild hunt will start. But the wild hunt was gonna be cleansing the world of non-whites. So the goat was the start of this whole World wild hunt. The wild hunt. It's, it's in north. Miss


This episode is brought to you by Max. Welcome to your new American dream. Get inside the lives of the original influencers and now global sports and entertainment superstars. Jake and Logan Paul as they launched their newest venture, a new family reality series, Paul American on Max, see behind the curtain of fame into the Paul's high octane lives with an up close and personal look at Logan and Jake. Their partners and parents love them or hate them. You won't be able to look away stream Paul American Thursdays exclusively on Max.


This episode is brought to you by Kovas. If you know one thing that's a must for me, ladies and gentlemen, it's a pair of boots that won't let me down no matter what. I only have one pair of cowboy boots. They are kovas. Every pair of Kovas boots is handcrafted with over 200 meticulous steps for broken in comfort right out of the box. So whether it's a long day or a big night, your kovas are built to last and impress. And right now you can get 10% off at kovas.com/rogan when you sign up for email. And that's 10% off at tco ovas.com/rogan


Ology. It's called the Wild Hunt. But again, they're twisting it right for white supremacy beliefs. So he's got this like machete type object. And I'm at the back of the goat and he's going through it. He, he has this Odin prayer and he, he didn't lead the blane as good as the actual, as satre priest that did it before. But he's trying, and he's going back with this, he's going back with this machete and I'm holding the back of the goat and somebody's holding the front of the goat and he's coming down, he's practicing, practicing and he's a pretty stocky kid. And finally somebody says, just do it man. He rears back with all of his strength and comes down whack right on the back of the neck of the goat.


I don't even know if it broke a hair, Joe. I don't know if it's because the back strapp of the goat was so thick or the blade was dull, but when he hit it, all you heard was bad. And I, and, and for that split second, I'm holding the back of the goat and I go, oh man, I just saw blood. I just pictured something bad happening. And then somebody says, does anybody got a gun? Do you here, do it again. Do it again. Am I take two swings? And does anybody got a gun? Well, I told you we weren't supposed to bring any weapons down. Well this one cat, who was probably the least qualified person to be carrying a firearm anywhere within miles of us said, yeah, I got mine. And we were like, what are you doing with your gun? So t and b takes the gun, hands it to Eisen, Eisen, we're still all our knees in a circle around the goat for this sacrifice.


Eisen points the gun at the goat goat's head and then turns the opposite way. Oh Jesus. And I, that's when the instructor enemy comes out. I'm like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. He's like, what? I go Look at what you're shooting at, man. We're all in a circle. What the hell are you doing? So then he chambers around and gets up close. Pow even on the recording, you can hear the goat hit the ground. Well sitting there twitching, it's been like two, three minutes, it's still twitching. And I'm like, Hey, why don't you go put another bullet in the ram? He's like, I think it's dead. And I go, I'm just saying for the love of the goat and it being happy in Valhalla, let's give it a good clean kill.


I'm trying to use this logic against him. Yeah. And he puts another one in it. And then, then somebody says, yeah, it's definitely dead. So you think it's over? No, it's not over. Now they slice the goat's throat and fill a cup with all of his blood. And one of the guys had brought a sheet of acid. Eisen had brought a sheet of acid. Oh boy. Yeah, right. It's supposed to help with the shaman, which is kind of entering the spirit world. During your block, you're gonna get high. And I'm shining the light 'cause it's pitch dark. We're in the middle of the woods and I'm shining the light. Verizon. And he's going around and what's happening is, is he's tearing off a tab. Not everybody did it, Of course I didn't do it, but he tears off a tab, puts it under a tongue.


Some people never even done it before. And then you chase it down with the blood of the goat. Oh boy. Part of the sacrifice. So he, he gets around, some people do it, most people do it. A couple of us didn't. And then it gets to me, and I'm looking at the, the cup full of blood. And by the time, by this time it's coagulating. It's all clotty. And I'm looking at it and, and I'm like, oh man, I do not wanna turn that up. I really don't wanna turn it up. And I think it was pestilence that gave me an out. He said, man, you can just taste this. I stuck my finger All the way down in the blood, pulled it out, sucked All the blood off my finger. And that was my way of dealing with the sacrifice.


Not exactly fear factor stuff, but I would've sucked. I would've been good on that show except for the growth stuff. But yeah, but disgusting. So over the next, actually the next day of training was completely obliterated because everybody, 90% of the members were all still high, been up all night on acid. So we couldn't train the next day. And I was pissed. I told 'em like, this is a wasted fricking day. I said, you sons, you know, I just give him a hard time. And then by Saturday we were back training again. And then by Sunday night, oh, I'm sorry, Friday we were training again. And by Saturday night we did a bunch more training through the day, like, you know, navigating the land, living off the living off the land, building bunkers and stuff like that.


And then it's time to shoot some more for the propaganda video. So we go back down in the woods and at this now we're doing a bonfire at the holy spot and we are burning American flags and we're burning holy bibles while everybody's yelling f your Jewish God and death to America. Stuff like that. And I remember the one kid that was pretty clumsy. He almost fell in the fire trying to light the flag on fire. And in the video you can see me grab the other side. Part of me wanted to just let him fall. You know, I just see him go, I, I don't know if he went up in flames or not, but a little Darwinism. But I hold the flag, we burn the American flag, we're screaming all that.


And, and they take, they take holy bibles and they, this is on the video, they lay them face down in the fire. And I watched the fire go up. It's coming back down. We've been there a minute. Hell yeah. High fiving, white power, all this stuff. And it's coming back down. And if you've ever seen like, like a book in a fire, all this pages, they get that. It just, it looks a certain way kind of ashy. Well, the one guy, the Canadian guy, he, he, he can't not screw with a fire. He's over there. He's probably still got ass in the system. Who knows. He's still poking the fire. Like, oh man, I'm, so, he's stoking it back up. Well, while he's trying to stoke it back up, he flips something over.


A bible opens face up and there's nothing burned on it at all. Like the outside's charred, but there's not a single page burnt. And I'm like, okay, that's different. So he's trying to get it started. He, he starts tearing page by page, gets it on fire, bonfire goes back up, we're all doing our thing. Bonfire comes back down, he's poking the coals again. I'll be damned if another Bible doesn't flip open completely unburned. And I watched him put it on that face first. Now I know some people with science and they're like, well, and a lot of bibles, the page is made outta clay and they don't burn. Listen, I watched a flag burn. I watched all that stuff burn.


And I actually have a picture that if you blow it up, I didn't realize it. I was just taking pictures like everybody else was taking pictures. But I, I was in my hotel room one night just going through my pictures and I blew it up and you can clearly see ho holy Bible in the flames. So I'm a believer, my faith is huge throughout the book, I would've not have been able to do any of it in my opinion. But I remember when that second Bible flipped open, one of the, one of the base members goes, he goes, man, these effing bibles just won't burn. And I remember I did it very nonchalantly, maybe only in my head, but I did a little Sammy Sosa, you know, to the sky, you know?


I'm like, yeah, you get 'em, Lord. Yeah. I'm like, yeah, that's funny. By the way, if you want to blow everybody up, y'all just let Scotty know, and I'll be real still right now. But yeah, so after that week, I kind of said I, I got a pretty dumb sense of humor, but I got back to the office and I said, man, I've been doing undercover work off and on since 1996. And I said, I know my skillset takes me to different places and other people. I said, but I have never had to burn Bibles, burn an American flag. And I damn sure wasn't, with a group of people that went out and stole a goat and sacrificed it at a Pagan ritual and drank his blood. I said, I've done that in three days with these guys. And I mean, I felt weird. I felt weird when I got back. I just, you know, I, I called, I ain't even texted my pastor.


I'm like, I need you to say a prayer. I just, I just felt, I don't know, dirty Something wrong. Yeah, it felt weird, You know? Which Is weird that guys like that exist and organize and find other guys like that and get together. It's online. It, it's this phone. I know. Listen, a lot of these kids were young. I say kids 'cause I, I, it was the first alias I ever did where I made myself younger, my whole FBI career. I was always two years older. It was just easy to remember. I mean, I turned 40 with the Outlaws. So when I turned 42 years later in real life and I'm in my ca wherever I was at my calendar or Tennessee, I'm like, yeah, my other party was a little better. I'm not gonna lie.


I'm like, you know, the Outlaws party was, I mean, Thank you guys for telling me to party, but it's not really nothing compared to when I turned 42 years ago. But for the base, I had to hustle and get in there fast because we were getting calls from World Working Partners because again, this is online. You hop in those groups. There's people from South Africa, Australia, uk, Norway, you name it. And they're all, because it's online now, they may not be able to get weapons. Like we got weapons, but they were even planning on flying into the states and doing some hate crimes. I mean, hate crimes. Well, I'm sure we'd be doing hate crimes, but hate camp. But they dive in. And what I saw a lot of is younger, younger guys, outcasts.


Yeah. Don't have a job, can't get a partner, you know, and they just dive down this rabbit hole of hate. They've probably been bullied and they dive down this rabbit hole of hate. And it's always, it seems like it goes back to like gangs and cults and stuff like that. They're trying, it's that need to belong and they wanna bring you in and that's how they get you. Yeah. And then power and then, and being inclusive, having, having people with your own like mind. But that's not just on the white supremacy side. Same thing's happening on the Islamic radical Islamist side. Yeah. That they're radicalizing you online, inundating you with videos.


You could go into Gab, I don't even know if Gabs still around, but you could go into Gab and there would be a group called 14 words. Well that's the 14 words coined by David Lane. It is, it is famous in the white supremacy culture. It says something to the, if I don't have it memorized anymore, as I say, a lot of times when I'm speaking I go, Hey, just so you guys know, I appreciate the questions, but since I retired, I made a conscious decision not to hang out with white supremacists anymore. Probably a good Decision. I mean, I'm just saying, I mean, I appreciate you asking me, but were They the wackiest people that you were around? It's gonna be close, it's gonna be, well Obviously the pedophiles are the most Disturbing. Well, yeah, but it's gonna be close. But the, the, I don't wanna say I'm not easily shocked.


It's just that, I mean, you see so much stuff. It's, it's like, again, it's that proverbial coroner who shows up eating a sandwich where brains are everywhere because they've seen they gotta eat. Right. You know, they're just used to it. So there's, there's definitely been some wacky things. I mean, on the case agent side, that stuff on the border was pretty wacky. But undercover wise, these guys, I mean, they were, I know about calling them wacky, but just they were planting it. I mean, we, what we did is we uncovered violent, we, we uncovered several murder plots. They had found a couple that they believe were an an Antifa couple, a couple of counties over in, in Georgia.


And we went and Case the place, the idea was it started, it took it, it took a while to come to fruition 'cause it changed a couple of times. But essentially what was agreed upon is that we were all gonna be the Georgia cell. When I say cell, it's CELL, which by the way, it's probably a good time to say the base in Arabic is Al-Qaeda. Ah, wow. So Al-Qaeda wanted to have three to five man sales. CELL. I know I got a redneck accent sales all over the world waiting on that D-Day call. Well, the base, which stands for Al-Qaeda wanted three to five man cells all over the world waiting for the Boogaloo.


Wow. You got kids, 21-year-old, has no car, has no job, but has an arsenal in his closet. He's wearing plate carriers are the same plate carriers that FBI SWAT team wears. It's not cheap stuff. And however they're getting their money, either from parents or whatever they're doing, they are building their kit for what they refer to as the day, the set off of the race war. So we uncovered those murder plots. I remember helter skelter, we got to postpone it. 'cause once we figured out they were trying to kill people, man, we gotta slow this thing down and make sure we've got control of it. Much like a murder for hire. If you're hiring me to kill somebody, I wanna make sure that I got the contract.


So you're not out trying to find somebody else to kill this person. Right. So we were riding out there and Helter had not seen the house yet. And, and helter, I'll tell you the plan in a second. Helter, we're riding out there and helter goes, Hey, if you don't mind, man, I, I'd really like to pop my cherry on this one. Well, you and I here pop my cherry. It probably means something different because I was like, what the, what are you talking about? And then Luke, TMB told me, he goes, I think he actually wants to participate in the killing. And he said, man, I've been waiting for this for two years. He goes, I actually wanna be, I wanna put one of the bullets in their head. And I said, well, it's a 2225 whatever with the silencer on it.


It may take more than one. Shouldn't be a big deal. But the idea was, and this is how much, this is how much research was done, we're gonna go to a campsite. We're gonna leave everything electronic there. We're gonna leave from there. We're gonna have a, a car that doesn't come back to anybody. Rental car, whatever, fake plates, whatever. We're gonna go to a pay by the hour hotel. We're a motel. We're gonna go there. We're gonna scrub and scrub and wash and wash to get any flakes of skin that may be loose to come off as, as detailed as Vaseline on your eyebrows facial hair. So you don't drop any kinda DNA tape up. Kinda like WMD. We're gonna tape our jacket to our gloves, our pants to our boots so nothing can leak out.


He had, Luke had even done so much research, he had read that a lot of people who, who kill somebody for the first time lose control of their bowels. So he was suggesting we all wear depends while we go commit the murder. I didn't tell him I'd ever kill anybody, but I looked at him and said, I think I'm okay. I don't need to word pens. So that was the thing. And then we were gonna go into the house breach our way in murder, whoever's there because it was like, are there any kids there? Helter was like, I don't have a problem killing the comedy kid. Now Helter kinda looked like a normal guy, had a computer it job. He said that was a great cover for him. Wow. 'cause 'cause everybody thinks he's just a normal person in society.


This is a guy who also told me. He said, again, they want to accelerate the downfall. This guy told me, he said, I voted for Hillary Clinton. And I was like, I'm in here with neo-Nazis. And it threw me off guard. I'm like, why? Why would you do that? And he goes, think about it, bro. He said, we want to accelerate the collapse of society. He goes, if she gets in, they usually try to defund the police, they make our military weaker. There's gonna be riots, there's gonna be all this stuff, and there's just gonna be chaos. It'll help speed up the downfall of society. Wow. That's how, that's what they're thinking is. So we got that murder plot going on. And then you have the Canadian guy in his cell up in, actually it was, it would've been, can't go back, which is Brian Lemley.


They had a cell up in the Maryland area. And I went up and I I I trained with them and they, at that point in time, so it would've been coming up to January of 2020, there was gonna be a huge Second amendment rally in Virginia because the governor at the time was pretty liberal, did not like guns and was gonna be making a lot of, was trying to crack down on guns Second Amendment. So the idea of those base members was, what if that's the set off of the boogaloo? What if, while all those people are there, you've got three percenters, which is not illegal. You've got militia, which is not illegal, but you've got people wanting to do nefarious things. Most likely you've got cops. What if we just pop a couple of rounds?


Nobody know who's shooting at who and everybody, and maybe that's the kickoff of, of the boogaloo. Again, there's not a lot of forethought and afterthought with these guys. It's like, what do you, what about the national? I mean, what about army, Navy, air Force Marine? What about fricking cops? You know, we'll deal with that. What about girlfriends? I ask 'em, I go, you know, I hear you guys talking about procreation All the time. I don't see any women. I got a woman, she's not for sure. And they're like, oh, we're just rape 'em. And I go, I'm sorry, I'm sorry what? He goes, yeah, we're just gonna rape the women. Well when D-Day happens and it's the loo, yeah, we're just gonna take the women, women and rape 'em. I kind of giggled. And I said, you guys don't have a lot of experience with women, do you?


And they're like, why? And I go, well, that stuff might work for a little while, but sooner or later you're gonna have to go to sleep. You might wake up missing some parts you went to bed with. I'm like, what are you talking about? But we uncovered all that and we got enough evidence against them that everybody was happy. And the week of the take down, I'm sorry. Yeah, it would've been close to the week of the take down. I had to postpone it. I'd had a lumbar fusion in 2002. What I didn't know, I thought it was just my disc, a bulging disc or something. What I didn't know is that Fusion had broken free. And for about 15 years, I just had nothing. I had no disc. The cadaver bone dissipated. So my back was spasming really, really bad.


Like I couldn't get outta the floor. So I took some prednisone, got off the floor with electric stim. I just had to, we had to postpone it for a week. So then I went and on a Friday I flew into Baltimore, met the case team, drove up Saturday to Delaware, trained all day with those guys, helped get more information that everybody wanted. Came back late to Baltimore, flew to Atlanta, drove up to try to close the deal with the Georgia crew. And I think I got home Monday for a couple of hours. I went back, now I'm meeting with the SWAT teams 'cause we're planning on the take down.


And by Wednesday I picked up Luke who lived on the a hundred acre farm. And we did a ruse where the car, like my car was messed up. I'm like, did you hear that actually more divine intervention. I was gonna fake that. Something was wrong with my car and my truck we're driving. And all of a sudden someone goes, bam, like that. And I go, I didn't run over anything. I go, did you hear that? He said, yes. I said, I swear if that damn brake caliber froze again. I said, let me pull over. Well, I, I pulled over the spot. SWAT team wanted me to, and then we did a ruse. I was, I was around the back of the truck looking and another truck pulls up. I'm like, oh my gosh man, I can't believe you're here. And then I jump in that truck and then the SWAT team and the Bearcats rolling over the hill and they took him without incident.


Helter skelter and pestilence got picked up without incident. We kept all that quiet on Wednesday because come Thursday morning, SWAT teams from Washington field office and Baltimore field office were gonna be hitting that crew. So we wanted to keep it quiet. So now Thursday they get arrested. Now stuff's starting to come out. I'm still in a chat group. And Friday I'm watching it. And they're like, Pale Horse, are you there? And they're like, wait a minute. Now the affidavits are starting to come out. It says that, it says that there's a federal undercover agent that infiltrated the base. And they're like, who's the damn fed in here? And I'm just being quiet. And somewhere around five 15, the leader of the base, he went by the monikers, Norman Spears and Roman Wolf, his real name is Ronaldo Naro.


So you can let this sink in. Here's an American citizen born in America, went to Villanova, was in the Army to my understanding, army intel. And he was a contracted at some point for some job in the Department of Justice. Now resides in St. Petersburg, Russia. And I guess he supposedly teaches English. They tried to say the base didn't have a leader. He's definitely the leader. Wow. And as a Russian family. So you can do your own speculation there. I'm not working that case anymore. How fucking crazy. Right? What was his red pill moment? Because clearly, if you look at his history, he was kind of on the liberal side. Something happened somewhere and then he starts spewing crazy stuff.


And then the base gets infiltrated by like journalists from Vice. Well then they tighten. Now every time the base got infiltrated, they tighten their opsec more and more. Every propaganda video we did, the rule was it has to be better than the last one. 'cause we're trying to get everybody. And so I'm watching all this roll out. There's no way a feds gonna hear this, that, and the other, blah, blah, blah. And then I, I see Roman finally respond around like five-ish on Friday. And he's like, I'm not sure we could have found him. 'cause he was good. He attended every meeting, which I didn't, he said he attended every meeting, which maybe that should have been a red flag. But I didn't attend every training or meeting. And I'm like, okay, he's figured out it's me.


And then he said something else. And then that was it. It says, boom, you've been removed by Roman wolf. Ah. So I screenshotted that and I sent it to All the case teams all over the United States and the headquarters, FBI. And I said, and I'm out. Wow. Yeah. So they went down. That was, that was a wild case. And if you want to get into like the effects on family and stuff at that point, I mean, we're talking 2020. I started in 96 at a state and local level. But my wife, we were dating when I was in arc. So she was kind of used to, hey, I went out and picked up some hookers and got some cocaine stuff. But clearly there were some very rough times, especially during that three year period around the outlaws.


But it's not always easy. But what she says, 'cause people always ask and, and the, and the spouses do not get enough credit at all. She's not law enforcement. She's not desensitized to my world. Right. She used to freak out and be nervous when I'd go on undercovers. And what she would do is to help her cook. She moved furniture, I'd come home and up in the door and trip over stuff. I'm like, what in the, how did the couch get, who moved that refrigerator? You know, crazy stuff. But one day what she said is she said, look, she just had to give it up to God. She's like, I can sit here and worry every day and I'm gonna, I'm gonna kill myself worrying about it.


But I essentially don't have control. I gotta pray that you're good at what you do. And, and, And you know, if it's your time to go, he can take me anytime he wants. But finishing the base case is the first time like an idiot. I should have realized it. But I realized after an undercover, I have to decompress. I have to kind of, okay. All right. I get my mind. All right. That's done. Okay. So does she. Right. And we were sitting out on the back porch having a, having an adult beverage. I might have been smoking a cigar, but she said something to the effect of what? Something, I was at the base and, and, and she was like, yeah, I, I was covering you in prayer.


And I kind of giggled. And she's like, she looks at me and I'm like, what? I mean we've been doing this for a while, right? I mean you don't, you don't have to like be worried about me, worried about, I mean we've been doing this a minute. She jerked a knot in my butt, man. She looked at me stern and she said, let me tell you something. You are my husband and I'm your wife and it's my job to cover you. And when you're going on these things, I'm covering you. And I stopped smiling and I said, I greatly appreciate that. And I'm sorry if I insulted you, but Thank you. Wow. Craziness. What A life you've had. Well listen brother, Thank you very much for being here. It was great talking to you.


Great hearing these stories. Fucking amazing. So insane and so interesting. I do have a wacky one. I forgot another one. Yeah, you want a wacky one? Yeah, yeah, yeah. A murder for hire, basically. Oh, it was, I got hired to do, me and another task force officer who went with me on the undercover. Essentially they thought we were bikers and they ended up hiring us to do four home invasions and murder. Two people. So you wanna talk about wacky people? This is towards the end of my career. Her name was Tammy. She gets in, it's all in the news and the court records. We go and we meet the husband. We thought the husband was the one wanting to get us. And we are like off a dirt road. It's pretty rough, man. Like, like walking up to the place. I'm like, Hey man, watch out.


Sharp object. Sharp object. Tbm A Right, right, right. Hep C, You know. So we meet him and he is like, oh, that's really not my plan. This is my old lady's plan. I go, where's your old lady? Well she's asleep. Were you gonna wake her up? You want me to, I didn't drive All the way out here to talk to you. If you're not playing it, I'm here to make money. So we pick her up, she comes out, gets in the truck, we start driving around looking at these locations for where they wanted it. 'cause they knew some people that were dealing dope. They had the ends on where the guns and the money were. So they thought, and they wanted us to do the home invasions and kill 'em. But while we're riding around, she says, if you need somebody tortured, I'm really good in torture.


I love torture. I'm driving, she's in the passenger seat, clawing herself. She's weathered. Oh Jesus. Yeah. She's weathered tweaking probably. And this is how my mind works. So she's, she's like, yeah, I'm in a torture. She goes, you know that you can take a hanger and bend it on the end and shove it up a man's penis and rip it back out and then pour salt in the penis. Well now the guys in the back of the truck are going, oh my gosh. What she didn't know was two weeks prior to that, I had my second lumbar fusion, which fixed my first lumbar fusion. That wasn't the problem. They messed up my privates and they had to dry calf me. So when she's talking about this hanger going in and out, I'm kind of feeling, I'm like, I think I know what is similar to that.


So she says that. And then she says, yeah, and you can take a PVC pipe and you can run it up somebody's anus and then run barbed wire up it and rip it out. And I, we pull up to a red light and I lean over and I go, why are you so angry? And she's like, oh no, I, I said, are you sure you don't wanna kill these people? She's like, oh no, I'm too well known, but if you need somebody tortured, I can do it. Then on the next ride or riding to the next place, she says that her husband went on a cocaine bender and she told him never to do that again. Cocaine, meth, something. She said cocaine. But he had been gone for three days. She couldn't find him. He comes home after being high three, four days and he crashes. She's so pissed at him. She tells us the story that he's naked.


She takes a two by four, shoves it under his back legs, takes an industrial stapler and staples his scrotum to the board. He didn't wake up. That's how, that's how down he was or his crash was. But when he did, he finds himself hooked to a board and he is screaming for help and she wouldn't help him. He had to call a friend to do it. So if you think the story's bs, if you think the bs, we confirmed it with a husband. He's like, oh yeah, yeah, she did it. I ain't never had no woman do nothing like that to me before. And I'm like, so my buddy in the back, he goes, you really don't like men, do you? And she's like, I've been unlucky in love. But in my head, Joe, that's when I'm looking over and I go, these are my people.


This is my skillset. This is what I get. I don't get, wow. I don't get Wall Street, Jesus Christ. So yeah, it's, it's all kinds of stuff like that. Man, God damn. That's a crazy life brother. Yep. So now, now it's book. I still teach alert, Tell everybody the book. The book is Code Name Pell Horse. And it's how I went undercover to expose America's Nazis. But it's not just white supremacy. It's got the outlaws, it's got personal stuff, the life, there's murder for hire cases all in there, the pedophile stories in there, public corruption cases where, I mean, some of the targets, like I got put in a corner.


I, I, I underestimated, I'm dealing with a guy who's toothless and a mountain backwards guy. And, and he, he beat me at chest that night and I ended up with a bag of cocaine open, shoved in my face. He's got a stalled off shotgun, a red bone hounds growling in my crotch. And he's like, if I find out you're the law, you're a dead man. Do it. If you're not a cop. I had to figure out a way to get out of that, You know, God. So there's stuff like that all in there. I bonded with that guy too. You know, That's part of your skillset. Right? And and when he, and when they sent, when somebody sent me his obituary, I, I felt, I felt sad. Wow. This is my last line from him and I think you'll like it. These are some of the people you deal with.


He says, now Scott, I'm gonna speed it up. 'cause he was on pills a lot and he drank all day and did cocaine all day. So it was a constant battle of being pickled. But he is like, I, I think he died five years before I met him. I was like, I was like, I'm pretty sure it's the dope keeping him alive. I think he died, he just didn't know it yet. But he would be like, now Scott, you know, I don't do cocaine anymore. And I'd go, I know man. He goes, I used to do boatload of it but I don't do it anymore. I say, I know. And he'd pour cocaine in his hand. He goes, but this right here that's just a bump. And I'm looking going, What? You just Did cocaine? And he said, And you know, I don't sell cocaine anymore either.


And I'd say, I know man. He goes, I used to sell truckloads of it. I said, I know, I know you don't do it now if you need them five ounces, I can get 'em for you for this much money. You know, I'm like, I don't, that's the kind of stuff, man. You gotta find humor in that. But yeah, may he rest in peace, may He rest in peace. Well Thank you Scott. Thank you for everything. That was a lot of fun. Thank you. I really appreciate It. I appreciate you man. And good luck on the book. I guarantee it's gonna sell like crazy. One more time, Jamie, throw that up there so everybody can take a look at it. There it is. Code Name, Pale Horse. It's available now. Did you do a audio book? Yes. I'm sorry. Thank you for saying that. It's my voice. Thank you. Yeah, it's my voice. Thank you. That was actually, that was something I was told I needed to say has to the, so yeah, I've no offense to the other peers of mine that have done books or just mentor or people that have done it before me.


But if I click on it and I hear there, I was in the basement, right? I'm like, what in the hell It that has to be, your voice Has to, so I, I read the book and then we'll see what happens as far as TV and stuff like that. Yes. Oh, someone's gonna want to do something for sure. Yeah, I did. I've been on, I've, again, the tactical stuff. I've been in armor on, on, on movie sets in Tennessee and I actually did a cameo. I got one I in the movie world, I have one kill under my belt. All right. But that's it, man. I'm just trying to pay it forward. Still trying to learn, still trying to do good things. Well Luck with this. I know Something good's gonna come out of this 'cause it's, the story's Incredible. Thank you very much.


Thank you. Thanks brother. Thank you. Being here. Alright, Bye everybody.


This episode is brought to you by Paramount. Plus your next Family Crime Saga Obsession is coming This march to Paramount Plus Mob Land, an explosive new series from the underworld of Guy Richie Stars. Tom Hardy Pierce Brosnan and Helen Mirren go inside the Harrigan crime family who will stop at nothing to ensure they come out on top in a war that threatens to topple empires and destroy lives. Don't miss the new episode of Mob Land Now streaming on Paramount Plus.