
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Big Jay. We're rock buddy. What's happening? Hell yeah. You went with the three nose rings, now you're getting crazy. Yeah, it's getting carried away. I went to go, I had a cold and I think I blew my nose. One of them out. So then I went to go get it, re-put back in and I was like, throw another one in there while you're at it. Fuck it. I'm just me fighting age, I think. Is That what it is? Yeah. Yeah. There's Something weird when you're fighting age, like you know you're doing it but you can't help it. Oh yeah, absolutely.


Like when people make fun of just the way I dress or whatever, coloring my hair, my piercings to, and they always like, it's like, is it gonna change at some point? And I am hitting an age where I'm like, I can't just do a hard shift one day. But it is funny to think like I can't see myself at 65 With painted Nails doing some of the stuff. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't know Why not. Who gives a shit? You can, but it's also like, I feel if I saw it, I'd have 1,000,001 jokes about it. Right. But it's still, at the end of the day, you're like, you know, I'd walk out and go, oh, I forgot my pocket scarf. I gotta go back upstairs. I forgot my Er box. As long as you're still funny, you can pull it off. But when you're bombing with red hair and three nose rings, shit.


That's true. It becomes an issue. That is true. As long as you stay funny. That's Why I think when I first started, I tried to blend in whatever I was, I started that black circuit, so like I had so much FUBU shit on, oh, There You go. And just like, yeah. Jerseys and stuff. So I definitely played it up. The funniest was having a big silver chain with a cross and I'm Jewish, but I just really was like, I think they'll like me more if I have a cross. When I first started I thought you had a dress like those guys on evening at the improv. So I got a blazer and I rolled the sleeves up and I had like a wacky t-shirt that I wore. Like the costume? Yeah, the costume. Have a button on your blazer, some wacky button. I watched all those shows growing up. Even the improv Caroline's Comedy Hour, the evolution of comedy is insane.


It's Pretty insane. Yeah. The Evolution of just like the fact that these guys I've watched like Hu's Laugh, laughing, go back, bill Auer. Do You know that that was the guy, I don't remember him. He played, he was the coach on a sitcom. He got a sitcom called just the 10 of Us where he had like eight kids or something. He was like a coach. It was a spinoff show of some sort, but he was just like a, a zany comic. He just would go on stage and he was just loud and weird and yeah. Oh yeah, I remember. But these were the guys who made the rounds, Right? Monologists? Yeah. Well it's almost like their act just got them to a sitcom. Like that was a, a real strategy back then. You had an act that could get you to a sitcom.


That's all everybody wanted. When I did New Faces at Montreal, my manager at the time, terrible just gave me, I mean he was just pushing the old advice. He was like, everything was like, don't be yourself at all. Like write, write a set that's gonna be what's your sitcom basically. And, and dress, you know, a certain kind would dress like first stage. And I don't know what I was, I didn't know how to like what he meant in nice clothes. So I had like black loafers and straight leg, like dark blue dunes, like, and like a short sleeve button down Shirt. I'm just pictured you with Black Loafers on And, and and a and a short sleeve like blue button down shirt.


It looked ridiculous. And it was so dramatic. It's also funny too, doing it as long as I have now 27 years, I think I'm doing it like the, the hilarious like fake emotion you put into things. I remember having, my daughter was a baby when I did New Faces and talking to the picture backstage before I went on stage. Like, oh wow, all right, we're gonna go do it. And then had a mediocre set. And all I got from New Faces was like a MTV two talking head one off. Like what were they thinking? Something? What were they wearing? MTV two presents. You remember those things where you would just start talking shit about people? That's it. Yeah. And they would, they just clip it up. They took a, they wouldn't, I did a, a couple of them, they didn't air most of it. And the one I always remember because when I would go back to MTV for anything, they would always be like, we still pass the, like the segment around of you doing the what were they thinking?


Yeah. And it was Fiona Apple on an award show years ago to accept her award. She got there and started quoting. She's like the great Maya Angelou or something. And I was like, Maya Angelou. I was like, what is she talking about Maya Angelou for? I go, look, we all loved her as Wheezy Jefferson and I enjoy her pancakes syrup, but and then they were like, yo, like you can't call my Angelou Aunt Jemima. I'm, but I'm kidding. Like, but I'm kidding though. I know. My Angelou is, Wasn't it funny that they took Aunt Jemima off of Aunt Jemima? But that was an actual lady who was an entrepreneur, Right? Yeah. And they just could get rid of it because no one's paying attention to why go. No, they, they Just decided racist. You don't dress like that anymore. Racist. They just decided that Aunt Jemima was racist.


Uncle Ben. But that's true, right? I mean this, this is not a TikTok myth, is it? Make sure that's true. I might've about, I got, I might have got fooled by TikTok part. I should say reels. 'cause I'm not really on TikTok. Which, which part though? Whether or not Aunt Jemima was a, a real entrepreneur. I'm pretty sure it's true. I think, I think it's based on a real woman and I think she just was like an awesome cook and put together some fucking pancakes. Shit, Some c great pancakes. Yeah. There's a lady that Nancy Green, it says, Oh, so her name wasn't Jemima right there. That's the real lady. I mean I, This is the first ads I guess You could tell me. That's, you could tell me. That's Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold Up.


That looks like racist propaganda. Hold up. Look At this. Look at this. Eyes in town honey. Okay. All arguments are out the window. Eyes in town honey. Okay. Unless you are an actual black person saying that you can't write that down. Like, you know, that was some fucking egghead advertising executive put that together. Oh my God. God. And the poor guy. The poor guy. The printing press had to keep double checking. He was like, are you sure we're gonna do this? I apostrophe s Okay. Yes. It's how they speak. Oh, I don't know man. Oh bro, I don't want to get involved in this.


Oh damn. That was a crazy picture. I just saw, I went to a, that's So crazy. I was looking at an art gallery in Philly recently that had like a Dr. Seuss exhibit at it. And I forgot that Dr. Seuss had all those like crazy racist drawings and stuff. Right? What were they? What were they? It was just like, you know, a, a hunter like with like a savage with like giant lips and stuff like that. That's right. You know what's like the most crazy racist shit that caught me off guard was a rum. Yeah. You know, R Rum the like seventies. Yeah. Sort of psychedelic comic book guy. He was very popular when I was a kid living in San Francisco. And then when I was an artist and I was like, I used to love his stuff 'cause I was like, God, this guy's so weird.


And then I saw some of the like the super racist ones and you're like, yo, what the fuck? It really is, the explanation is like, it's a different time. Oh, he had some just weird shit men. Like he liked riding on giant women. You ever see the documentary they did on him? No, but I know what it is. Yeah. No, I've never seen his stuff. It's Very interesting. Yeah, it's like, because his brother is super weird and his mother is super weird And you know, here's this guy like wearing a tie and he's real pervert and he's like openly a pervert, but like a brilliant artist. That's great. Yeah. Crowd. Very fascinating. I've heard of it before. It is amazing though that the, I was, I went to a, a musician, a musician's house for New Year's Eve when I first moved to New York.


So 20 some years ago. And he just invited me and Kurt Metzker and we went to his apartment And it was covered in like Sambo paintings, like real Oh Geez. But there was like black people at the party. It was just like, yeah, it's art. And I'm like kind. I don't know if I'd cover my house and something I had to explain every one of them to people. I go, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah, you have a lot of choices You can have puppies, flowers.


This episode is brought to you by Paramount. Plus your next family crime saga obsession is coming this march to Paramount plus Mob Land and explosive new series from the underworld of Guy Richie Stars. Tom Hardy Pierce Brosnan and Helen Mirren go inside the Harrigan crime family who will stop at nothing to ensure they come out on top in a war that threatens to topple empires and destroy lives. Don't miss the new episode of Mob Land now streaming on Paramount Plus


this episode is brought to you by the farmer's dog. We all wanna do the best for our dogs, but there's a lot of mixed messaging out there, especially around dog food. Take kibble for example. You don't have to do a lot of digging to learn that kibble is actually ultra processed. They put the words like premium on their bag next to pictures of real ingredients. But food doesn't end up as burnt down pellets without extreme processing. For decades, it was the default dog food, but not anymore. The farmer's dog is healthy food made with real meat and vegetables by people who care about what goes into your dog's body. The recipes are developed by board certified nutritionists to be complete and balanced. And their food is made to the same safety standards as human food. It's lightly cooked to retain vital nutrients and then it's pre-portioned to suit your dog's needs. So try the Farmer's dog today and get 50% off your first box of healthy freshly made food plus free shipping. Just go to The farmer's dog.com/rogan, tap the banner or visit this episode's page to learn more. The offer is for new customers only.


I see. It's so funny when someone makes strong decisions, if they like change their ways. I, I used to drive strippers to bachelor parties to be the bouncer with zero skills to handle that whatsoever. I took the job as like fat kid that wanted to see naked girls for free and I ended up at a bachelor party with two brothers. It was one of the brothers thing and he was covered in like swastika tattoos Oh. And all kinds of crazy shit. Oh. And the, the strippers were not both white for sure, but there's also black people this party and stuff like that. And I don't know the explanation these guys have to give, but I talked to one of their black friends and was like, Hey is it weird to ask? But like, these guys are all covered in like swastika and racist tattoos and they were like, ah, yeah, they just got caught up in some bullshit when they were teenagers.


They're good dudes. Like wow. And they're still wearing short sleeve shirts, huh? That seems strange. Like you think these guys would be in like wearing Terrell Owens body suits, like to cover that up. It's like one of the arguments why you shouldn't be able to get a tattoo until you're 25. Like Is that when the brain's fully formed? Yeah. When you're a boy, your brain's women mature younger, but when you're a boy your brain is fully formed at 25 when you're able to make solid decisions. What decisions do girls make for tattoos that are that great? Very few swastikas. Very few swastikas. Like what are the numbers of swastikas on girls versus on dudes? Like if we could Google that please. What percentage? Like what percentage? I think it's just that one girl. The character that Za Balk played in American History X.


Did you? I just read a thing recently. This made me laugh so hard. You know this movie American History X? Yes. I remember that movie. That movie was crazy. Great movie. Crazy movie ending is such a question mark on it. Right? And if you recall like, you know, he goes to prison, he reforms himself, he comes out, he tries to get his brother. Yeah. Outta that mindset of being a white supremacist. And then he succeeds basically in telling him the story of what happened to him in jail. And then the next day he walks his brother to school, his brother gets killed by a black kid, shoots him in the chest and he dies. And then he goes in to save him. Or he goes in there and just cries screaming like, what have I done? Yeah. You know his brother's dead now. And then they, they end the movie the director who apparently was a lunatic, him and Edward Norton like fought the whole time.


Oh really? Over like how the movie should go. But the directors ending he wanted to do was after the brother gets shot by the, by the black kid, they were gonna show Edward Norton in the mirror and then with the big swastika tattoo on him. And then he was gonna smirk in the mirror and walk off. And I was like, they should have played back in black after that. Ta he's Back back and he's racist Than ever. I was almost gonna get it removed. Just imagine being smiling him. Imagine having a Schwartzenegger movie ending to American History X. That is so crazy that he wanted to do that. I mean, not the song but that is But they should have played the song. Yeah. The image of smirking The song would've been, everybody would've been so mad.


Can you imagine if you cheesed it up just at the end? Like you have this brilliant movie and at the end just total cheese ball curve ball ending. Oh Man. I remember taking a, a date to go see a, it was the girl I lost my virginity too, who's a little bit older than me and very, a very hippy dippy girl. And we went to go see, oh, what the fuck was the movie? It was a John Singleton movie Boy in the hood. Fuck no, no, no, no. It was the one on the school campus. Why am I blanking on it? Omar Epps was in it. Tyra Banks was in it. Michael Rappaport was great in it. Oh, higher learning. Higher learning. Absolutely. I took those girl to see higher learning and the movie is cra at the end of the movie, Michael Rappaport goes cra he becomes, he gets roped into being a white supremacist with the skinhead group on campus.


Never seen that. These guys were, I mean like hardcore on campus skinhead, but they still got loans. It's a science fiction movie. They're Like white power. All right, I got, I got social studies in a few minutes On campus. I gotta go. Oh my God. Hey, can you finish, Can you finish nailing these crosses together? What year is this? Nine Five. Nine five. That's so crazy. Yeah, right when I graduated high school and I take her to see this movie and it said the movie is Michael Repport joins the, the skinhead group. Black people on this campus. A lot of things. There's like a black party going on. I think a white kid tried to rape a girl, Christy Swanson.


And then All the black guys go to help and like kind of beat up the kid who raped her. And then the cops Of course come and get mad at the black people and save the rapist. Then Michael Rappaport goes nuts, goes on top of the school and starts picking off black people In a 90 minute arc. Oh yeah. Starts picking off black people. One of them kills Omar, PPS girlfriend Tyra Banks. Oh God. And then he's, he gets into a fight, Omar PPS and him get into a fist fight over and then the cops break it up, start beating the shit outta Omar pps. And then Michael Rappaport pulls a gun out on the cops when they're trying to stop him. And, and I know the scene's trying to be like, they're trying to keep the situation calm so nothing more crazy happens.


But they're going like, it's okay son. Everything's gonna be okay. We're okay. You know, while he is like holding the gun. And then I think Michael Rappaport kills himself is how that ends. And then at the end there's like a concert happening and they just put the word unlearn across the screen and you can just hear black people on the audience go, what the fuck? And I was like, yo, let's go. Like let's go. And she was like, what? And I was like, no, no, no, let's go. Like, do not let these credits start. Let's get in the car. And I mean, I don't know how bad it got out there, but it was a yelling. A lot of yelling. It was an inflammatory movie. Wow. There was no point in a movie where a white person got their their due.


It was always like a white person fucks over black people. And then the cops are like, wow, you're fine. Jesus. Hey shit happens man. You can make a movie like that before the internet. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know? Yeah. 'cause there wouldn't be a a a million signature proof that this shouldn't be a thing or whatever. Well It's also preposterous, like patently preposterous Just to argue it. Well if you, you're pretending there's a white power group on a college campus. How about ever is ever like, this is crazy. Like you found the one that what used to study the one college as a white power group in it and like open openly Openly What? Walking around tattoos out And All the cops are openly racist.


Like not just like there's a racist cop, just like there's a racist fucking postman. You know, there's racist, everything. There's are racist dentist out there somewhere. Yeah. But no, they make it like that at the today's meetings. Like all right, let's round up some blacks. Make sure these whites are okay. It's so Crazy. So crazy. You can make a movie like that. I think you'd still be that kind of inflammatory. They go for it's bad movie. I just watched that adolescence thing, which I thought was a What? Adolescence. It's this new, it's a four part like miniseries on Netflix. It's British. I'm like, I watch things so open-minded and just looking to be entertained that I've miss messages a lot. But by the third episode I realized what it's about. A little boy gets immediately accused of how it starts of killing a classmate and he's getting arrested.


Each episode is one shot. To me it's like a play. And the acting is unbelievable. But the what it whittles down to, it's apparently like a from the, the videos I watched beyond like this show explained. 'cause I look at all those And it was like an anti like toxic masculinity like message. Mm. And the idea was just like the kids watched porn and his dad's a tough guy so that's why he thought he can kill a woman or why he can kill a girl. Wow. And they shout out and again this, I don't know a lot of this guy's stuff other than the basic idea, but they shout out Andrew Tate in it. When I heard that name I was like, oh, that's what this is. This is, But here's the thing there is that could be a real guy.


Like that's less preposterous than the white power group on campus. Oh yeah, yeah. Doubt. There's kids that get radicalized. They got a an evil parent who You know, who fucking, They didn't really make it that dad was evil. They were making it more like the porn and like the idea that like Well That too, you know, mom should be in line in cooking. There's, There's the guys who grow up without a mom. Those guys can def if they have a shitty dad and no mom. Those guys could definitely be, and if you have psycho in your DNAI Had too much mom. No you didn't. No. You had the perfect amount to make you


This episode is brought to you by my friends at Black Rifle Coffee. That's all I drink folks. If you see me drinking coffee in the studio, it's black rifle coffee. It's 'cause my friend Evan Fer who owns the company I love 'em to death and they make the best coffee in the world. They put together the best energy drink in America made with 200 milligrams of naturally sourced caffeine, low calories and absolutely zero sugar. It's available in four new delicious flavors. Project Mango, ranger Berry Freedom Punch and White Frost veteran founded and veteran led. Each black rifle coffee purchase you make helps them give back to those who serve our nation. Shop now@blackriflecoffee.com slash Joe Rogan with the code Rogan for 30% off. Or visit your local grocery and convenience stores, black rifle coffee, America's coffee.


I had my little dad, lots of mom just tendencies when I was my step pop man he swooped in and saved my ass from really being as, as twirly as possible without being into Cox. I mean that's hilarious. I was like their prime for the take. And I'm sitting there laying on my tummy as a kid watching Falcon Crest in Dallas with my mom. Oh my god. I can see that's what I know Lorenzo la is from. I can see Falcon Crest not renegade like everybody else Was Renegade. The one where he was the karate guy. He was the karate guy. But he was sent, he was a bounty hunter.


That's Right on a motorcycle. But wasn't he like a karate guy too? Oh yeah. Am I make, I'm not making that up right. Well No, no. He would fight his fights with karate. That guy was so, but Steven so beautiful. He was gorgeous. So handsome. I know. It really is the, the sadness of a guy that handsome 'cause he got a girl that was smoking hot and then what's it Shauna's sand. Look At him. Yeah, look at that. He married, I think he married Shauna Sand was like a Playboy girl. And then they break up and she gets crazy surgery. She looks like a lunatic she's doing, starts doing porn. Oh no. Oh And he still looks pretty great. He's had a ton of fucking series. Those weird series that you like flip through in the middle of the night.


Like he's a motorcycle detective or something. You know, it's like there's a bunch of those. How many series? He's one of those guys that like always has a series. I mean the alliteration of the name. He was handsome. It was all kind of perfect. Yeah, Yeah. Does he have whole career? Does he keep the long hair? No, there's no way Because he's still rocket. Like Fabio's still rock it. He's not letting go Damn Respect. No. See he's got short hair. Look at him even older with white hair. Handsome as fuck. But I mean, and but I mean comparatively too, if you look at the ex that was like his holy shit wife. She fell apart. They all fall apart. That surgery is a crazy way to go because you can't see what you look like. It's like anorexics or bodybuilders. You get dysmorphia, your brain starts playing tricks on you and you think your lips aren't big enough and your tits aren't big enough and your face is, you know, like there's some skin on the side of your ear.


You can pull it back and You can tuck this and pull that. And ass would stick out more if they put the implants in. And that would probably get me a better, a better guy. I'd get a fat ass. I always say it. I crowdsource it. If the audience will pay for it, I'll get a fat ass. Let's find out what they do. 'cause I'm bewildered. So I know that there's an operation where they take fat out of other parts of your body and they stuff it in your ass and it your ass looks like a bag of cheese. Which is, There's bad ones. I mean maybe There's good ones. Maybe there's good ones. Maybe I'm being judgmental. It's probably a doctor out there. Hey I do it under the surface of the fat So that there, I know there is this, there's always A smooth area on top. Some wizard with A BMW how, but at this point They do. There are good breast implants at this point.


There are, they exist, Yes they feel real but But also the look real And they don't have like the, where you have like the, you know you see rib cage between them. Yes. But here's the thing, you are putting something that similar to breast tissue where breast tissue would be. So with this, your butt is a muscle. Yeah. You know it's like muscle and fat. A male. Why'd you say male? Jamie? He's a male. How dare you. What do you mean Can expect to retain anywhere from 60 to 80% of the fat that is initially transferred into the butt. I like when they say but like that I really think they're, you know, professional. Fuck You talking about Surgery into the glutes.


You're calling Butt surgery. Yeah. What kind of a fucking doctor? Lemme see your diploma Now. You're gonna wanna be gentle when you take a shit for the next three weeks, The rest will be reabsorbed by the body. Over time. The results you see immediately after surgery and in the weeks following are not permanent around 90 days post op, your body, your butt will finally stabilize into its new shape and size. The procedure itself is semi-permanent as opposed to permanent as your body responds to natural aging process and normal weight fluctuations. So too will your buttocks, depending on the precautions you take during your recovery and the lifespan you maintain in the time following your BBL may last several years to even decades. I saw a dude at the mall the other day with A BBL for sure.


A hundred percent. No way. It's real gay. Yeah. Super. How dare you ask that. Imagine if it wasn't a gay guy. Imagine straight guys start getting BBLs. It has to exist. A ho Has to, has to. There's definitely a Guy. It's probably a whole website dedicated to like normalizing straight guy BBLs. It's a daddy makeover. Daddy makeover. Just lift weights you fucking pussy. Yeah, I mean just go to the gym and do the work. Yeah, shut your mouth and stop it with your BBL And listen, I'll put it out there again. Unless the crowd pays for it. I will get a fat ass. Here's the thing, I think there's other ways to do it. And this was my question 'cause I know there's an implant as well.


Okay. Yeah. So there's, there's but implants, which is kind of even crazier because then you're taking the risk of having something, a foreign object in your ass where everyone's scared to get cancer. Like if you're scared to get cancer, what's the place where you're scared to get the cancer? The most ass cancer. You don't have to shit in a bag, you know? Yeah. So like you're thinking about these plastic things that you've inserted into the muscle tissue surrounding your, what kind of inflammation is gonna be caused by that? What? What about the plastic leaching into your body as you're in the sauna? What the fuck are you doing? Yeah, It's a weird thing. You know, I can't believe they still have in perfected dick surgery, dick lengthening or thickening surgery.


But what's crazy is there are procedures and people get them. Yeah, I couldn't imagine getting a procedure that's been done like, you know, under thousand times yet. Wait, here's the thing, man, here, You don't wanna be the first, you don't wanna be the first tonsillectomy. And that's like routine, Isn't it kind of shocking that no one's figured out a way to make a bigger dick? It's kind of shocking. It's it is shocking. That's what I'm saying. I'm surprised that hasn't been a thing. There's the butt, the butt enlargement, intramuscular, buttock implants. Now when they say buttock, I feel a little bit more comfortable. Yeah. I feel like these are real pros. So you're gonna take those plastic, what are those things made out of Jamie? Let's find out how Me what? Those ones are dirty. They pulled them out of a butt. Oh, they took him Out. He's a detransition.


Okay, so what does it say? Buck? But augmentation is most commonly performed by fat injections, da da da da. Well men can do like women's synthetic. Oh while men can do like women sym, synthetic filters. Fillers. Oh, synthetic fillers. Oh boy. And fat injections. They often are less tolerant to the procedures that that require multiple treatments. And whose effects are more modest? Interesting. They're often smaller and flatter. Buttocks are more resistant to augmentation efforts with stronger intergluteal muscles and a thinner subcutaneous fat layer.


So he's saying I can do it to dudes, but it's not gonna come out good if I Scrolling. Isn't it crazy that the only real end game of this? 'cause like what's the benefit in your life? It's, it's, it's dick. It's, but it's like, it's like money. It's like ultimately it's like finding someone who's gonna like your weird body more. You think it's money for dudes? It's like, oh for dudes. Yeah. These are dudes. That's a dude. Oh that's, it's just gay. Probably Gay as fuck. The Guy that I talked or maybe the guy was also crowdsourced and maybe they paid for it. It was just yeah. Solid ultra soft silicone buttock implants of 400 cc were placed and a layered muscle and incision closure done. No drains were used. His long-term results showed good improvement.


Scroll up please. His buttock size and shape Hell yeah. Is even probably better in that regard than I thought could occur. Ew. Do some squats. It looks fake. Like there's a lump. There's a lump where you have a tumor in your ass, sir. Like look, there's like a little ridge where all of a sudden the implant is. That's so weird that I'm staring at this guy's butt so long. I also don't think it's the same guy. It's the same guy. I trust these people. Why would the internet lie? They're Buttock people. Why would The Internet lie? They wouldn't lie. But the penis surgeries are like nutty thing from like cutting a tendon. Yeah. To make it just poke out a little more. And then there's other ones where they thicken it up. It's they get in there with a mesh and thicken it up.


You sure. Nice, nice sauce. When I, when I was heavier or even I went to, I got a consultation, free consultation at a plastic surgeon. I was like, I bet if I, I'm fine with my hard dick but I hate my soft hang sometimes. And I was like, I bet if I got my gun sucked out liposuction, it'll make it you dig. More impressive. It'll make it look bigger, soft particularly. And I'm like, so I went to the consultation And it was a male doctor. So like, okay. And he gets you. I mean I knew he was gonna have to look ultimately at one point. But this guy takes me to mirror. He goes, he goes, all right, drop your pants.


And I drop my pants and I now I also have Dr. Dick. You know like, it's like I'm also a guy so I'm like shit and you can't like, I didn't wanna try to like fluff it up. Yeah. Fluff it before he walks in too. Just put a rubber band around your balls. So I go, so I, he fucking comes in and he's like, drop your pants on. And he goes walk over to this mirror. Which I was like, oh god, don't make me do this. And I stand in front of the mirror and he goes on either side of my dick with his hands and he goes, right now it looks like this and I can make it look. And he just pushes my fat back and goes like this. And I was like, his Dick is just inches from your face. I was like the whole time.


And then I pulled my pants up like a victim and left the office and never even thought about it again. That was crazy. That's a weird look. Just, yeah. He Was like here, just getting in there and then here I'm gonna move my face six inches from your dick. But don't worry. Yeah. I went to school. I have a doctor looking up at you. I Have a diploma. Do you have a diploma? You see the frame diploma? This is fine. This is fine. This is a safe space. This Is, what does your dick taste like? I wonder? Oh man. There's no way he doesn't go out and talk to those hot ass nurses about my little wiener. Yeah, Definitely the littlest dick. Oh my god. It smelled like cheese. I don't know at this point they expose so many people. Do you believe anybody's genuine goodness anymore?


It's hard to believe. You know, I went down a deep dive looking at doctors who used their own sperm in fertility clinics. Yeah, I was, I was researching we this one case, I was just, you know, I just wanted to find out like, God, how did this guy do? How'd they catch him? What happened? And then I found there's like hundreds of cases. Oh it's, yeah, it's got, there's Hundreds of cases, there's hundreds of cases of doctors doing this. There's doctors using their own sperm and then people finding out on 23 and me because it's like fucking everybody in the neighborhood's related. It's just their kink just to like jerk off in the vials. It's just such a crazy thing. There's so many fucking psychos out there. What do you thing on giggle at while you're injecting a girl with your jizz and you're like, I had this guy on yesterday that spent 25 years as an undercover FBI guy that infiltrated biker gangs and neo-Nazis and bro, like, you talk to a guy like that and you start like really wondering like what, where, where's the good in the world?


Like how, how many creeps are there? Like how many really fucking psychotic people are out there organizing right now in the world? That's a wild thing to go with. Like different groups undercover though too. If they ever overlap someday like, and you go, hey, you were a skinhead two months ago when didd you become a biker. Yeah, Exactly. And this guy is, look at him. I'm show you a picture of him. He's a big fucking giant dude. Yeah. With a goatee and pulled back hair and tattoos all over his arms. So he like blended right in with all these psychos. Thank God I used to have a, when I was young I had a joke about the concept of like with the hookers where you have to, they go, well if you ask 'em if they're a cop, they, they'll tell you have to, they tell you goes they have to tell you or it's entrapment.


And I was like, then what the fuck is undercover work? You guys sit doing like five years with the mob and then one day they go, Hey, you know I never even asked you, this is stupid but are you a cop? I was like, shit man. Yeah, I I think that was like a you were My kid's christening. I know man. You never asked. I swore at this point I thought you were never gonna ask. I think that was like a dumb thing they made up for TV show, you know? And then everybody thought it was real. Yeah, it was like some dumb plot point. Are you a cop? No. Yeah, Of course you could say no. Right? Because the good guy who was the cop always had to be honest. Yeah, he was, he Was never lie. This guy, this he was telling me about he had to do cocaine with these people. They had to beat people up.


And he's like, if shit went down, man, I had to be a part of it. The prostitutes, things they would do on cops were always, they'd get in the car and they'd be like, are you a cop? And he'd go, come on, do I look like a cop Bro? This guy got busted wearing a wire and got away with it. Really? They didn't find the wire. No shit. They came that close. He said they were inches away. They were rubbing his clothes, like checking all his clothes. He said they were inches away but he was like arguing with them. I can't fucking believe you guys like that kinda shit. After I, after I mysteriously showed up three weeks ago and now I'm working my way through the ranks. Now you're gonna start patting me down. All right. And I'm helping you run guns and drugs to Mexico guys. Come on guys. Donuts. Yesterday morning. I'm the, I'm that guy.


I'm that guy. I am your brother. I'm the dude. And meanwhile they all go to jail eventually. He seems like also, also also when they do undercover, it still seems like some, like when they would Go home at night still come outta their biker clothes. Oh yeah. How was it hun? Like these guys are animals. I hope one of 'em didn't happen to follow me home. Well he was, he was not doing things that were anywhere near his home. Oh okay. That's the thing. He would go away for long stretches at a time and go back and forth And he had all these reasons for doing so. Different businesses that he did, that he was involved with. Did he ever Like find himself, I mean you kind of like hang with somebody that much time and they think you're their friend. Did they ever get like sympathy for the river? Oh Yeah.


Yeah. Definitely. That's one of the more fascinating parts about it was like he, this guy that he had to put in jail, he's like, that guy was like my friend. He's like, I, we finished each other's sentences. We were just like each other. Other than the fact that he was a criminal and I was an FBI agent. And I was like, do you think that you could have gone down that road if you had the wrong lives? Like Abso fucking absolutely man. Abso fucking movie. Oh shit. Because all of us could have, I go That's what I think too. I think That's happened to Michael Rappaport in higher learning. He got in with the wrong crowd. He was a regular guy with good intentions. The next thing you know he's shooting women Super Normal in a 90 minute arc of a film. It was so much, so fast. It was Literally, how does it she, unless he's the star of the film where they follow him every step of the way.


He Was a clockwork Orange for Black people. They, they, I mean they put like, oh boy, it is like for 90 minutes you just bla Yeah. Michael Rappaport is, his skin is hilarious. You gotta see when the co it's when the cops have him at the end and they're like, son, everything's gonna be fine. You're white. Oh my god. Oh my god. Rappaport does a really good job of complaining about things. Like he's always got something that he's fucking screaming and yelling About. It's pretty hyped about Israel seems. It Seems like it. Yeah. I've only seen hyped about two things. Israel and Ari. That's the only two things I've ever hyped him. Michael Rap before.


And also I think the Rising of the Black race also I think pissed him off the scenes In that scene. In that scene. But to his credit, that was the nineties. Yeah. Yeah. Nobody Knew better back then. Well that's so funny for him also, if you remember his first big role, great movie called Zebra Head. Oh yeah. Anyway. And he was like a, because that was more of his thing. He's more of like a he was do Was thing too, right? Was he in Do the Right thing? I don't know. I don't know if he was in that True romance for sure. That was great.


When it comes to college basketball and March mania, one thing is for sure. Nothing's for sure. Upsets, buzzer beaters. Cinderella's Advancing Top Seeds going home early. It's all gonna happen. Bet the unexpected. Every upset every day with Draftking Sportsbook. With live betting exclusive content promos and parlays. DraftKings is the ultimate college basketball destination for March 1st time here's something special just for you. New DraftKings customers bet five bucks to get $200 in bonus bets instantly Bet the unexpected with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino in Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkng dot co slash audio


To do the right thing with Spike Lee's first big hit, right? Yeah, I think he was in That. He may have been. Was he in it? Jamie? He didn't watch a lot of Spike Lee. Oh, he had some bangers in the early days. Mo Beta Blues made me feel lazy. 'cause I remember Denzel Washington would practice every day, you know, like he was an artist, he would practice every day and his girls trying to fuck and he was like, no, no, no, I have to practice. And I was like, wow. I wish I was like him. I wish I would've practiced more than pussy. I would think about that like as a comic. Like even when I was a professional comic in the early days, I didn't spend my whole day writing. I was fucking off playing pool and hanging out with my friends. You Might be thinking of True Romance. He was in that No, no thought he wasn't in I thought it was a or Sorry, on a Do the Right thing.


His first movie was in 92. Oh really? Interesting. You're thinking of Danny Aiello. I Don't know who I'm thinking of. Who am I thinking of? Go to Do the Right Thing. Cast. That's it right Here. Tuo. Maybe I'm thinking of Tuo. That is probably who you're thinking of. Actually he's, that is who I'm thinking of. It's hard to see in that picture, but when, when he Was younger. That's crazy. He's younger. He's, he's, I mean Michael's a lot younger But Zebra Head. Yeah, he was like his, like his whole thing. He is like a hip hop guy. That's right. So it's so funny that he plays this like major role as like a a white fucking white supremacist. You gotta take what You can get. You know? It's acting bro. It is acting. I think Robert De Niro really was a psycho and taxi driver.


No, No. Maybe Go Watch that movie again. Woo. You know it's funny, the building I lived in in in New York on 57th Street is the old taxi depot that they shot Taxi Driver in. Really? And they keep downstairs like where the gym and stuff is. They have the sign still. Really? They keep the sign the original signs. Oh wow. For the parking lot. That was a Good movie. That was a fucking great movie. And if Robert De Niro just never gave a political speech, I would think about him that way. You can't make a movie like that with a budget anymore. Well you Can Can't make a movie every movie with balls. It has to be an indie flick. A hundred percent. Yeah. Or you have to be some beyond reproach director that they just let do whatever they wanted.


Like a Tarantino. Yeah. Like there's no way, once upon a time in Hollywood went through some sort of an executive focus group. Yeah. There's no fucking way he's killing women smashing their head on a mantle. Spoiler alert. I mean, dogs are eating dicks. You Know what a brilliant, what a brilliant ending though. Oh, That movie's great. It's so good. It's so good. I love that movie. It's, I don't know if I've seen that final scene where they flip history. I've never had an audience in a movie theater like communally laugh like that since the Jackass movies. Right, right. The jackass too. It was a cheering moment too. That was a fucking great movie. He's got all bangers. He's the only guy that I could say as a Well there's a few others that you probably could put in that argument that have zero movies where I'm like, eh.


Oh, that have no, everything's good. Tarantino. There's not one that I can think of that wasn't fucking, I love David Fucking David Beast Me Some Crap. I liked a movie that you have to try to figure out, but when you can't figure it out and other people can't figure it out, you're like, this is just a hunk of shit then. Right. Like you can't be so artistic that nothing makes sense. James Cameron's done some fucking bangers. Do you watch like a, I've gone through on the road and watched like the 25 most disturbing movies of all time. No, I don't like being disturbed that much. Do you? Yeah, I think so. I mean, I just kinda see where, how far people will go in a movie. There's some, I mean, Serbian films the most notorious Yeah. There's some fucking psycho movies.


Like who's that one, that evil clown that kills everybody and doesn't talk the er? Oh, terrify. Yeah, yeah, yeah Bro. I mean these movies are fucked up. Yeah, But they're can't be on purpose. Like they're so over the top. Like violence. That's silly. There was a Category of film. I was really into horror movies when I was young and there was a whole category of films that were just Gore films. It was just, they were called Gore. It was like a gore. It was so it was, guys would like chop women up with an axe and pull their guts out and rub 'em all with their face. Like fuck Movie. They also had excessive nudity in them. Always. Those were the horror, the horror boxes at the video store that were bigger than everything else. Like those like I Spit on Your grave movies like that.


Right? Like the box was way bigger so you really had to walk up like a piece of shit. I'm gonna watch this rape revenge movie with my other teenage friends. Thank you. Nothing like a good slasher rape revenge movie. Yeah, there revenge movies are the fucking best. Why is that? We're so dumb. We like to just sit there and watch this guy kick everybody's ass. Yeah, fuck him up. Yeah, it's Robocop. Love it. It's a fantasy. Did you ever see Sisu? No. I think it's my fa, it's next to John Wick. It's my fa, it's probably right up there with John Wick as my favorite revenge movie of all time. It's about a guy and the whole movie has no English in it. It's in World War ii. Is it Finland? I think so. And this dude is a soldier who retired from the war and became a gold miner and made a little score and was trying to get to the town with his score.


And he runs into the Nazis and it's so fun. It's so fun because you could tell this guy does not wanna do this, but he's gotta kill everybody and they all get cocky with him. What do you think the mindset is? He got gold noise. So it turns out this guy was like famous in the war for being impossible to kill. He has scars all over his body. He's like the absolute worst guy and they found him and he kills everybody.


Spoiler alert. And it's fucking great. It's just fun. What do you think the mindset is between behind like a Liam Neeson who, I mean there's a movie comes out almost bimonthly of him getting revenge for something. Hey, it's a living better. I get like it's Bruce will than started doing that towards the end better. Bruce will at the end started doing that. Did he? Yeah. Just movies that were just like two words or something. Well I think he was suffering from that illness for quite a while. You know what it is? It's called aphasia. Yeah, Yeah. It's dementia, right? It's not good. Yeah, it's bad. It's real bad. I don't know what causes it, whether it's genetic or what have you, but people, they slip away and he might have, you know, towards the end, I mean He just goes, this guy.


Yeah, he's got A lot of 'em. They All the same. They're all him with a gun. Like it's all him with a gun. And here's the thing, that him with a gun shit started later in his life. Yeah, that's what's crazy. He became like a guy who fucks people up in his sixties. Yeah, he was Oscar Schindler. Like how old is he now? Oscar, how old is he now? He's 72 and he's fucking people up in movies. Oscar Schindler, Schindler's List, bro, When you're 72 it's hard to get outta bed. You know, you're like, oh. When I saw Schindler's List, it made me think of, now I give the prices of everything and amount of Jews I could have saved. Like how much is this tv? Was it about 12 Jews? It's, what was that that you just pulled up Jamie? You were showing me re making the Naked Gun.


They are with Liam Neeson, I guess. I don't know. Well they're, There's a few movies that they've, people have gotten a few AI things passed through and everyone takes as reel. Like I've seen a Oh, right, I've seen, I believe those every day. Yeah, I saw Keanu Reeves' as Dracula and I was like, really? Me Right in. I was like, Keanu Reeves is gonna be Dracula now. That's crazy because he was in the Dracula movie back in the day and he was Dracula's girlfriend's boyfriend. They always get me with like a Rob zombies remaking something you love. They're always listening's. Cool. Have you had him on? Yeah, He was a cool guy to talk to. He was, I toured with him. I've met him a handful of times. He's good friends with Tom Papa.


We've been introduced in that regard and whenever I see him it's the blank of like, nope. I went on stage right before him the entire tour and he has no recollection. One time, this is a great story. I was, we had tickets to go or passes to go see Rob Zombies. I think it was the Halloween, the original Halloween remake He did? Oh Yeah. And comedian Julia McCullough had these passes. Four of us. It was gonna be me, Nate Baraty, and I'm trying to remember how Dave Smith, yeah, it was Dave Smith and Julia McCullough. And I'd auditioned for a TV show the morning of that.


And it was the first audition I ever did that. It went well, went really well. And I got it. I got the, the part, it was the show I was on for two years called Z Rock. But they go, this is how much acting is not my passion or something like that. They go, we need you to come back in at like four for a table read we're gonna do. And all I thought was, I was like, shit that Rob Zombie movie starts at like six o'clock. I was like, how long are we gonna be here for? They're like, it's only big an hour or so if when you get back here. And it was going, it was running late when we got back there. So I told Nate Bartzi to go. I'm like, Hey, go down there and get in line, you know, to make sure we get into this thing. I don't know if they're overselling it or not.


And he goes, all right, so I get outta this thing and we're, I'm rushing down, we're walking to this movie theater and I call Nate, this is so defeating. I go, Hey, you're down there. He goes, I don't know if I'm at the Rat theater. And I went, what do you mean? He goes, I mean, there's a big line for something. And I was like, ah, go get in that line Nate. And he was like, oh, that's it. So we get there. We're so far back in line, there's no way we're getting into this movie. And I'm like, shit, Julian's very handsome. So we sent him up to kinda schmooze the girl up front, no dice. And then I see Rob Zombie walk into the diner next door and I go, this might be our chance. I, we just are loosely connected And you know, maybe I can get him to remember.


And we go in there. It's my best interaction with him ever. I, I go up, I go, Hey Rob. I go Jay Oakerson. I go, we met through Tom Papa before and Bob, and he's like, oh yeah. And he shoots this shit with us for like five minutes. And then I go, well anyway man, I'm really excited for the movie. I hope we get in. You know, we're like super far back in line. He goes, you'll be fine. Just, oh no. And then we, and we did not get in, wrote a hot subway home together staring at Nate. Oh no, you'll be fine. Yeah. He goes, yikes. Nah, you'll be fine. You'll be fine as I'm not gonna help you. Yeah, it really wasn't. I flat out he goes, this has been great, but leave me alone Now. Well, the thing about it though is like, does he save tickets? Like does he have a block of tickets saved?


You know what I mean? For sure. For sure. Not for the guy at the diner though. There's some people you just don't resonate with in the world. I the, in the time, I don't know Dave Chappelle's, another one, Dave Chappelle I've met over the last 25 years, a dozen times. I did some punch up on season one of Chappelle's show. He bumped me and Kurt Metzger off a weekend in the thing. And we, but we were there and we hung out with him there. And every time I see him still, it's completely unfamiliar. Chris Rock. Same thing. I do not make an impression with these people. That's So weird. I also shut down around celebrity. Oh, maybe that's it. Maybe. So I, I'm not a, I I can't inject my personality out of the gates in a situation where I'm like intimidated by like some, I'm like, I'm like where I go, not intimidated, but I go, man, I really want them to like me.


Isn't that weird? Because you know so many famous people. But, but you know what I mean by wanting them to like, not like me, but I go, I know if I try to be funny and I whiff right, this sucks, You just feel nervous, Right? So I'm like, yeah, I could just lay low and not take the risk of being not funny by accident. That's hilarious. It's hard to feel, There's no one who intimidates you. I mean, the people you have in here and just strike a conversation with is Unbelievable. No, people don't intimidate me anymore. They inspire me. Some people are fascinating. They inspire me Every time I have like a big guest coming in that I don't know, on the me and Bobby Kelly on the radio show and someone's coming in. I get like, when they're like, all right, we're gonna go get them now.


I'm always like, wait, all right, wait, okay, go get 'em. Because I'm like, shit, what do we even start with? I used to be like that on Op Anthony. Yeah. Yeah. When I'd go on Op Anthony and like they'd have famous guests there. I'd be like, holy shit, you know? That's this guy. Holy shit. That's that guy. Yeah. Yeah. That's weird. The first time I went there, I got bumped back to the couch for Ace Freely. A party is like, this sucks. But wow. That's Ace Fucking freely. I met Ace Freely when I was a little kid. Really? Yeah. My uncle was an artist and he was working for this advertising agency in New York City where they made album covers. So they made album covers for Kiss. So my uncle was one of the artists that made the album covers for a lot of the Kiss albums.


No shit. Yeah. So I was in his office hanging out with him during the day. I was probably eight or something like that. I was fucking young man. And maybe I was a little older than that. I can't remember. It's hard to remember. But I was a little kid. It was pre-high school and this guy walks in with like, you know, long hair looks weird, just like a weird dude. And he made some like weird noise. Like it was real strange. And then everybody goes, Hey Ace, Hey Ace. And I was like, what? Like that's, that's Ace freely with no makeup on. Like, this is crazy. He look Old and he signed a napkin for me. Do you have It? Yeah. Well, no, I don't think I have it anymore.


Maybe my mom might have it. I'll ask her. I doubt it. It got lost somewhere. But it was the craziest thing. I was like, wow, that's the famous guy with no makeup. 'cause everywhere they went, they were, people were paparazzi. Were always trying to catch them, you know, like Gene Simmons would wear like a bandits mask. Yeah. And they were always trying to catch 'em without their makeup On. Has a celebrity ever let you down, like when you met them? Not really. No. Honestly, no. No, there's not like, no, No. I've always worried about that. Like Marilyn Manson was always somebody I wanted to meet. And then when he went through all his shit, did not wanna meet, I just like stay away. But then I wanna like, I very much would like to, I think he's such an interesting character, but like, I'm like, you can, I'm such a fan since I was a kid that I'm like, this can only let me down.


Somehow. I met him. He's very interesting. He's an artist. Yeah. Yeah. He's a, you know, if you think of some of the songs, he's, I mean like beautiful people. You don't make that unless you're outta your fucking mind. Like that's part of the, that's part of the package. Oh yeah. You want brilliant fucking wild music. You gotta get a dude who's out of his fucking mind. Do you have any theories on why people can't like classic amazing bands can't make a classic. Again, comedians can still write their best joke. Right. And, and it will be accepted. Everyone's looking for that. What's the new thing? Yeah, but like if Guns N Roses got everybody back together again and sat in the room for three months, they can't make Welcome to the Jungle again.


They're not the same guys. You know? That's part of the problem. And then also part of the problem is I want to see Guns N Roses in Athens. I saw 'em in Greece. It was just a total coincidence. I was there with my family and I ran into Axle Rose at a restaurant. This is more recent. Real recent. Oh, okay. Last summer or, yeah, like last summer. The summer before last. Summer before last, I guess. And you know, it's one of those weird moments. I, God, I hope he knows who I am. You know what I mean? Like, I go say Hi, I'm gonna be a dick. And this is after my friend tried to say hi to him and he got shooed away. Oh. So I went over to his table and he was like, well, hey man, what's up? I'm like, whew. I go really nice to meet you. I'm a huge fan of this thing. He goes, we're doing a concert here tomorrow night. You wanna see it?


I'm like, fuck. Yeah. And so my whole family went to see Guns Rose we're backstage watching. It was amazing. Three hour performance. These guys are in their sixties. Yeah. Yeah. They're fucking rocking hard. I saw 'em on the new tour for Three hours. But the thing is, they have so many hits. If, if you want 'em to do All the, the songs you love, it's gonna take a long time. And if they're gonna add new songs, Isn't it crazy too that it's essentially four albums, Crazy, All of that from four albums, Bangers. Yeah. You know, they did great. I was like, oh my God. I was pretty impressed with, I mean, again, the Age, Dude, welcome to The Jungle. To this day I'll, I'll hear that song go, God damn. That was a fucking good Song. I took my parents to see it in that in a Madison Square Garden.


And it was such a weird, I got so strange. The things I get emotional about are ridiculous. I got like teary-eyed emotional when it starts. Welcome to the Jungle. You know, they start playing the riff and I got immediately teary-eyed. 'cause I was like, it just took me back immediately to a time, it was like a time travel. And I was like, holy shit. I'm like 11, 12 years old. I've got this album. And my mom was like, what is that shit? You know? And now my mom's like here with me watching them as a classic rock band. What year did Welcome To The Jungle Come out? 87? I wanna say 86. I remember being right outta high school at the gym, lifting weights. The first time I heard it, they were, you know, at the gym.


Everybody would just play what's on the radio, you know, WCOZ. And you, we were listening to the, I think it was WBCN, the Rock of Boston Appetite for Destruction. 87. Yep. So that was two years outta high school. And I was like, wow, listen to this. Do you know the first time I heard it and like kind of backwards tracked it from there. I think it came out pretty sure it came out first was the movie Deadpool. Oh yeah. Or the Deadpool Clint Eastwood. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And the scene was Jim pre famous. Jim Carrey plays a rockstar junkie and they're shooting his music video and the song they're using is Welcome to The Jungle.


Really? Yeah. You can see it's a pretty popular scene. It's, if you look it up, Deadpool, the Deadpool. When The Deadpool, Jim Carrey, When did Motley Crewe come out with Kickstart My Heart? That's probably 86. That's, that was my favorite workout song of all time. Look at that. Jim Carrey. That's Jim Carrey. Isn't it funny? Even though he is not being funny at all, he still, it's like his movements are so Jim Perry. Yeah. You can't Play it like, oh, right, right, right, right. But like, again, you don't get to be Jim Carey unless you're outta your fucking mind. No, no. He's showing that now too. You don't, You don't get to be that guy.


You don't get to be Fire Marshal Bill unless you're outta your fucking mind. I'll make a lot of concession for someone's process. But when I watched that documentary about him doing the Andy Kaufman movie and him coming into the makeup thing every day and really like screaming and bothering the shit of everybody you see almost, you see Judd Hirsch's face in the documentary. Like, that's plenty. We're good. Yeah, I get it. You have to get into your mode or whatever. But like, come on. Apparently he would go nutty if he fucked a scene up and like smash things. Yeah, exactly. And it's like, this is not, that was not his personality when he was talking out of his ass cheeks, You know what I mean? Or when he was doing Vanilla Ice on in living color. Do you know what I mean? Like that's, what's that personality shift where you become a guy who's kinda like rude to interviewers and stuff like that?


Like strange. Well, I think when you're trying to get into a character, there's like a thing that the, some of these guys do where they are just that guy the whole time. Like when, when Dan, who was it that played Lincoln? Daniel de Lewis. Daniel de Lewis, right? Yeah. So when Daniel de Lewis was playing Lincoln, he was apparently Lincoln. Yeah. Like they said all day, all Day long. All the time. Yeah. So if you're playing anti Coffman, You shouldn't let him, you shouldn't let him eat modern foods, then. That's catering. Right.


Here's this episode is brought to you by Warfare from a 24 written and directed by Iraq War veteran Ray Mendoza and Civil Wars Alex Garland warfare embeds audiences with a US Navy platoon. But when their operation goes wrong, the only way out is together. A visceral boots on the ground. True story told by the soldiers who lived it. Warfare Stars Will Poulter Kit Connor with Joseph Quinn and Charles Melton. Experience it in IMAX and theaters everywhere on April 11. Get tickets now at tickets Warfare movie.


This episode is brought to you by Eight Sleep. Let's talk about a game changer in the world of sleep technology Eight Sleep, and their revolutionary Pod four Ultra. The pod is a high tech mattress cover that easily adds to your existing bed and is clinically proven to improve sleep by up to one hour per night. The pod regulates sleep cycles with precision and automatic temperature control for each side of the bed. So you and your partner can have your ideal sleep temperature. It also learns your sleep patterns and detects snoring, adjusting the bed's position to stop it. Plus it attracts sleep stages, heart rate variability, and respiratory rate without wearable devices. So if you're ready to take your sleep and recovery to the next level, head over to Eight Sleep dot com slash rogan and use the code Rogan to get $350 off your very own Pod four Ultra. And you get 30 days to try it at home and return it. If you don't like it. I have it. I use it and I love it. Your body will Thank you for this investment in better sleep shipping to many countries worldwide. See details at Eight Sleep dot com slash rogan.


Dear Mutton, Mr. Lincoln. Right. You gotta go full old school shit in a hole in the ground, sir. We're having Chilean sea bass. You a bowl of gruel. Some deer jerky. Yeah. Like and no teeth, no toothbrushes. Yeah. We haven't figured out toothbrushes yet. When did they figure out toothbrushes? That's a good question. Like when do people start brushing their nasty fucking teeth? Imagine what, what Brent smelled like in like the 15 hundreds. My producer brings it up All the time because he watches a lot of like period P shows like that. And even like the, Like Peaky Blinders. What are, what are their apple, Those apples, those old shows, they always, they always have like attractive people in these like the deadwood times.


Right, right, right. Like Deadwood and then the girl, you know, she'll like lift her skirt up and you're like, God, I bet it smells like a fucking murky dungeon down there. And then when she ba and then All the, there's no shower. So they have to just bathe in it and just hope that whatever's in there washes to the surface. What did people smell like back then? That's what I mean. It's like prostitutes and stuff. You go, it's like, what's the best they could do? Do? And By the way, they probably spelled better than the people living in the cities. The people living in the cities were all just using public outhouses. The the cities were filled with shit from horses. It's like, oh, Coming home and kissing your wife. At the end of the day, it's just a, you're, You're tracking shit everywhere and so is your dog. And so are your cats. Everyone's tracking shit all over your house.


All over your tables. There's shit everywhere. Yeah. Just wooden floors with dirt all over 'em. Oh Shit. And just little, little scabs of shit everywhere. There's just shit everywhere you go. And everyone has smallpox. That's why. Yeah. No one kidding. And if your wife, if your your husband died, you have to marry his brother. That's why anybody talking about the good old days, shut your stupid mouth. This is the good old days With basic hygiene. Yeah. Books and medicine and shit. What the fuck are you talking about? Oh, I wish I lived back in the 16 hundreds when I died, if I broke my ankle Now. But if I could have picked again for the so hard because like moving backwards, like wow, I would take All the technology of now.


Of course. Well you can't go anywhere then, then you can't make it like a hybrid deal. No, no. It's not a hybrid deal. But if I was saying if, if I have to just let go of that and see what the most fun time would've been to, to be like a teenager in twenties, seventies, I think Well Just listen to Ambrosia fucking, you can wear a silk shirt on. Ironically, we Were all real confused. If you were chubby, you know would even cared. Chub, you guys got pusy in the seventies if you had a beard, Did they? As long as you had a beard and some long hair and you knew how To get cocaine. Yeah. If you knew how to get cocaine. I grow a long pinky nail so people wouldn't know my house was the party spot. Yeah. That used to be a thing. You see a guy with a long pinky, that long pinky nail was like, oh, that guy parties, that was like when you, there was a bad guy in the movie.


He had a Long pinky. A long pinky nail. Yeah. Which is so gross. That's so Disgusting. When you think, what, what? That's how bad people want. Cocaine. They'll snort it off. Some dude's stinky fucking fingernail. Oh yeah. I went to a, I did a gig opening for Bobby Slaton years ago at the West Palm Improv. The old West Palm Improv. And that was a great bro. The guy, yeah, the wide shallow one. Yeah. That was a great room. And I forget the name is Joey something was the guy who hosted, but he was like local, local legend, this guy. And he brought us back to his, he was like, he took us to the strip club And it was like everyone knew him kind of thing.


Yeah. And then brought girls back to his house. And I am always impressed with the level of like a person who carries their morbid obesity with like a, not give a shit and also have no give a like no care that the girls are gonna suck his dick or fuck him because he's got coke. Do you know what I mean? Like I'm bad at the like, fuck me for something thing. And like, but this guy, we went back to his house, I mean his underwear and like a robe open, do you know what I mean? With all these girls around just giving him coke and shit. It was wild. Wow. But he had a cabana in the back of his house. But the most interesting thing about him that I found out was the next day he wanted to take me somewhere to eat.


So he picked me up and he was a narcoleptic and every time there was a red light he'd fall asleep and snore. And he's driving not just fall asleep, snore. And he's driving. Yeah. And you have to acknowledge, you gotta go like, Hey man, God, Oh my God, Hey you okay? And you just never acknowledged it. You go, yeah, yeah, I'm good. And you just go And as soon as he hit a red light, like loud, aggressive snoring. Now is he The second fell asleep? Is he an actual narcoleptic or does he have severe sleep apnea? 'cause if he's a big fat guy, he's probably never rested Eyes closed. Head goes from the shoulder. I cold instantly. Instantly. What is narcolepsy from like do like healthy people have nar narcolepsy. Like is there any athletes that have Narcolepsy?


He said Ron Jeremy was the person who had it. And He's another guy is big and fat. Yeah, that's the thing. He was the, he came to the Cellar one time with a Dennis Hoff guy, which, yeah, that was a guy of the people like quote unquote celebrities who would come in that I could never pay like homage to and have like, the thing was I didn't wanna meet was like a Dennis Hoff, the, the, I don't know why type of the bunny house. Yeah. I Don't know why it was so celebrated. I know it's like it's legal, but like I don't see his personality as kind of skeevy as shit. Well there was a weird time where for whatever reason they were kind of celebrating pimps and prostitutes. Like, do you remember Pimps Up hose down? Sure. Yeah. I mean that was like a famous document folks, Mr. White folks.


Yeah. He was the best. Yeah, I watched all those But they were like celebrated. Like people liked And then there was American Pimp. Remember that film? Yeah. Yeah. It's weird. It was, it was, well that was like the, the small window of like pro sexuality and go be horrors girls. And then it immediately became I Me Too. That weird happened immediately. It, It was weird though because it was the exploiters of those women. It wasn't like, it's okay to be a prostitute. It was, it's cool to be the man who exploits all these women and gets 'em to go be prostitutes for 'em. Well I think it took 20 some years for people to realize that Joe Francis was a terrible guy. You know what I mean? He was celebrated as as hell. I just heard a Howard Stern clip the other day where we had Joe Francis on.


I'm sure if you asked him about Joe Francis now, he'd be like, what a terrible piece of shit. But when Girls Gone Wild was a thing. Everyone was just like, who cares how it gets done? Yeah. That's crazy. Right. Like girls gone. That's how the, when the internet wasn't around, you could buy tapes of drunk girls at the bar flashing their boobs. Yeah. And you'd pay for it. Yep. You'd pay for it. Yeah. And it had like a production value. Oh, now would you pay, you'd pay for it and then you were part of a subscription service That Is that what it was? Yeah. And then every month it would be like girls Going Wild Girls on campus too. And girls covered in bubbles. Was it one of those things where they trick you into subscribing? Yep. Yeah. Oh, it's Columbia House. Like Oh, Columbia House for titties.


Yeah. Yeah. Crazy. Oh, I've ruined Columbia House and me have ruined the credit of my, all my pets in my life. Did they get in your credit Columbia house got in your Credit? No, no, no. I'm saying you just put, you send the penny and you put your, you put your cat's name down and then they just send you 10 CDs. But it doesn't ever really affect Credit. What was the checks and balances on that? None. I always thought that that was a fluff up scheme for the record business where they could say they sold more records than they did. That's possible. That's actually not a bad move. Kind of a good move. If you want to get a gold record or a platinum record, sell as many as you can give You 10 C when it went up to a dollar. Send a dollar is where it stopped. I think it's But a dollar. I'm Willing to give you a penny. Yeah. To Me a dollar really was like, no, I just usually tape a penny to a postcard.


What a concept too. Tape Penny here it said It was the dumbest concept ever. You give them one penny and if you give them one penny, they give you a bunch of CDs. 10. And you're supposed to give them money. You're like, what? You get to pick 'em? Yep. Oh Yeah. You pick your first tip. A CDC. Yeah. It was my taking, it was my, before I had porn magazines readily available to go into a bathroom or anywhere where there was a bathroom where I felt I could quietly look at porn magazines. It was the TV guide. Take the TV guide in the bathroom, do the crossword puzzle and then pick my 10 CDs for a penny. 'cause it was always an insert on the TV guide. That's right. It was the postcard. Yep. Tape penny here. And you send it in and all of a sudden you get cassette tapes are in the mail.


Oh boy. Yeah. Oh boy. It was so great. But isn't it a smart move on their part? Because it probably introduced people to a lot of music. 'cause if you think about it, you're only listening to the radio. The radio's only playing what they play and they can only play so many songs. Right. And if there's a hit, they're gonna play that hit over and over again. You can hear this. And there's Rolling Stones. There's the Led Zeppelin, you know, you know a lot of time for other music. No. So this is a good way, even if you're giving it away to people, which mostly are like, what percentage? Let's find this out. What percentage of people actually paid for their Columbia record and tapes? I think adults would definitely end up paying for it. 'cause I think the deal was you're giving them your address.


Right. So whatever the fake name you put down, they're billing. I don't remember them chasing me at all. I didn't feel it. But they have. But, but what they would do though is send you more in 19, they would send you like, I'd get like a CD every month that I wasn't picking 90. It reached its peak in 94. It accounted for 15.1% of all CD sales. Yeah. Had 10 million members. Yeah. So you became a member of a club. That was kind of what was happening. Right? What percentage people paid them? Well that's, I mean that doesn't say it on here, But if you think about just that, that's almost like more radio, right? Yep. You're putting the song on the radio for free. You're sending out these cassettes. Even if people don't pay that music's getting out there, they're gonna maybe buy another Rolling Stones record or tickets to see the Rolling Stones.


Well You were, people didn't complain about being part of Columbia House. I don't feel like, but it's like, remember when, you know, I was like, Metallica getting furious about like lime wire and, and Napster and those things. But it's like, it is sort of the same thing. Like your sacrifice. But but it Wasn't For them came. But they came from a time though, where the money was from the recording Not touring, but, but the, it wasn't taking away from the money of the recording. 'cause you couldn't, You know, like it wasn't that many people doing it when it became something you could just download onto your computer that got weird. Sure. And then record sales dropped off a cliff. So they were right in the, oh, they were for sure but wrong that you can stop it. Like you can't, you couldn't stop it right. Once. Like they were trying to like put fingers into a broken dam.


There's no way. Like you gotta get the buck outta the way. Like you can't, once it's on the internet, when things are on the internet, you can't say it's stealing to download it to your fans. You can't do any, you just gotta realize, oh, the world just changed. The people stay that stand off for a while too. Like, was it Maynard did not want to go on Apple Music or Spotify or anything forever. I think Garth Brooks didn't either. Right. Kid Rock didn't for a long time. And then a lot of them would try to go and like, I'm gonna do my own Apple Music. No one's Like, one gives a shit. Did he did that right. Yeah. Title or those, Did that work? I don't, you know, it's interesting, when I talked to Kevin Hart in Montreal some years back, and he was buying up, he was buying up things for the LOL network that he was starting, which was like, I guess an internet network.


And they made all this news because when he did the pitch show where they were pitching ideas for his network, he apparently in the room bought like four or five of them. And when I saw him that night, I was like, are these five, like five shows you saw today? They were like definite shows. And he was like, no, but it gets your press. You know what I mean? He was telling me kinda like the whole thing about it. He goes, but the idea of he was saying he was doing with that, I'm like, are you gonna run a network now? And he was like, no, you wanna build it until it becomes competitive. And then another company comes along and goes, could we give you money just to go away? Is the idea. You know? So it's like the idea is like, he wants like Netflix to buy. Oh, How weird. LOL or something like that. So it's just building It. Probably a good business move. But I don't Do You think like that? No, absolutely.


But I think, do you think like That? No, I have no business acumen whatsoever. Yeah. That's a weird business acumen to have. But I'm also, But it probably effective. I'm, You know, blown away by, you know, I, I watch you when you talk to Bert sometimes about that, about his like employment of so many people Yeah. And everything like, which is great. He is got a great thing over there. But like production company, I feel like the, when you get a lot of money sometimes, which is impressive that you haven't done this, it's like you want to do almost like too much. Like, well now I'm a producer of things and now it's like this Or other businesses that you wanna like start that are like outside of comedy. Like, is that what your thing was always like, it was never mine. Like to be like a business owner or anything or some kind of like, you know, where I was like, have products or something.


I think, And what happens is once guys realize the amount of money that they can make, they wanna just make more Sure. And it just becomes a numbers thing. You just, you see it and you're like, oh my God, I can't believe I'm making this much money. But if I did this, then I make even more. But I'd rather give a friend like some capital to like do their special then over, you know what I mean? Unless I was taking a job in it. Go, I'm gonna direct this and see if I can do that. You know. But just like the idea of like, I'm gonna taking in like, I have to take a meeting for a sketch show that wants to be on my network today. I'm like, I Have in you also, you only have so much bandwidth. Sure. And this is what I think people fail to think about. Like, you, you, you require time to do everything.


Your your time is limited. Like you really have to think if you, oh, I could fit it in. Oh, I could do this. Oh, I could do that. Sure, you can. But then there's no you time at all. And then you're running on fumes. And when there's no Utah, when you're running on fumes, you're not the best version of yourself. No. So you gotta know like, where you're at. You gotta know where you're at. Like in terms of like your, your sanity. Like if you're working All the time, five different jobs constantly, and you're never home. You sleep till fucking seven in the morning and then you're up, gone all day and fucking going, going, going, going, going, going, going. You don't have alone time. If you don't have alone time, you don't even know how you feel about things. But you also get used to odd things.


Like, my alone time I look at is like the hotel, like the hotel room. Just watching the bullshit that I wanna watch on YouTube and doing anything that, it is strange when I think I want to be like off and like stationary for a while. Like I feel like the day there's like a day here and there where it's like morning till night, I just have nothing I have to do. It's rare. But when it happens that day, I tend to not be in a great mood. Really? I don't know why. Well, it's because what you do you love and it's fun. That's the thing. Like if you're doing something all day long and it's just like business stuff and it's just for money. Yeah. And it's not something you love, that's a different vibe. Right. That's like a, a hustle vibe. I'm gonna get these, get these numbers up and get this going. And I'm a fucking, I'm a worker and I'm gonna grinder.


I'm gonna show you because look, I got this now and then I got that now. Yeah. See, I'm grinding. But as if it's a virtue, I always try to say, this is a very important thing that people need to hear. Just because it's hard to do doesn't mean it's good to do. There's a lot of things that are hard to do that you don't necessarily want to do. I don't wanna climb Mount Everest. It's hard to do. Yeah. But it doesn't mean it's good to do. It might be good to do for you because you need to prove to yourself that you can do this extremely difficult thing, but people are dead. There's a bunch of dead bodies up there. That's not a good thing to do. Yeah. To me, in my opinion, there's a lot of stuff like that in life. And just because you can do things, I'll show everybody that I work harder than everybody else. Like maybe you shouldn't.


Sure. Like you need balance. You need balance in this life. And that's hard to get once you start, when you start making money, the big fear is what if it all goes Away a hundred percent? And you start, You start clutching, you start, you start having famine instincts. You're like, yeah, well my God, what if it all goes away? And so then you start doing things that you think will ensure that it doesn't go away. Well It's, it's that feeling you feel like you're running a scam. Yes. Because also it's something, especially if a standup, putting a price on things is so strange when you're like, well, I've done it for more than anything. I've done it for free. Yeah. Then second most I've done it for pennies. Do you know what I mean? Right.


So it's like the same, it's interesting to be like, well I've done the same job for $50 that I've done for a hundred thousand dollars. You know what I mean? Like, it's strange. Like it's a strange place to be. And so, but It's because you and You do feel like, well what's, what's it gonna take until I'm back to like, you know, Hey, you wanna come do a hundred? Do I still get affected? And it's just young comics, being young comics, I don't mind it, but like, as long as I've been doing it, I know they just want you to come do their show, but they're like, Hey man, I do it Tuesdays at the, you know, at the stand at 6:00 PM like Levy can back can throw you a hundred bucks and stuff like that. And you're like, why do you think I'm gonna come? It's like, and why are you naming the money? Like, It's like, if you just asked me to do the show, I'd be less hurt if you were like, I got a hundred bucks for you too.


Like, great. Like, that feels weird. Well, they're kids, right? Yeah. Right. Exactly. And when you're a kid, a hundred bucks is real. So it's real to him. Oh shit. And so the things I've done for a hundred bucks. Yeah. So it's like real money. It's like, oh, a hundred dollars gig in town. Great. Yeah. And so he doesn't know any better yet. No, No. For sure. And like I said, I'm not insulted. They, they want you on the show. That's great. It's just the idea that you're like, a hundred dollars isn't gonna sell me, dude. Like don't say that. Well, I think he's just letting you know. He'll give you something and like, oh great, I'll go down there. I No, I, I never, I never write back. Like, I mean that would be, I'm not like that with young comics though at all. I, I'm still bad at like, it's my, the tough time I have with Kill Tony.


I love doing it and I always have a great time. But like the initial, like just going at somebody, like, I feel like I wanna, especially if I wanna come outta the gates and make fun of him, I almost have to have the look over of like, I'm just fucking around. Yeah. That's like, I know it's so difficult what you're doing right now. I'm minute of comedy under the stress of how big that show is now is. And for some of them gotta be Fucking nuts of the first time they've ever gone on stage. There were some guys, the first time they ever went on stage, they went on stage in Madison Square Garden. Yeah. That's fucking Crazy. I mean 16,000 people and they followed dice. Like, what, what are you talking about? Look at your phone for notes. Hang on. Madison Square Garden. You barely can get to the one minute mark.


Oh, what you practice in the mirror is just, everything's falling apart. Oh yeah. The the, the running outta time. That was the funniest. Woo. You're like, well this is three minutes of material or 30 seconds. If it doesn't go the way I think Cricket, cricket Jesus panic. Isn't that the biggest to


This episode is brought to you by Kovas. If you know one thing that's a must for me, ladies and gentlemen, it's a pair of boots that won't let me down no matter what. I only have one pair of cowboy boots. They are kovas. Every pair of Kovas boots is handcrafted with over 200 meticulous steps for broken in comfort right out of the box. So whether it's a long day or a big night, your kovas are built to last and impress. And right now you can get 10% off at kovas.com/rogan when you sign up for email and texts. That's 10% off at teco o va s.com/rogan.


This episode is brought to you by visible. Are you tired of wireless slowing you down? Do you wish there was a plan that offered a fast network plus fast hotspot plus savings on top of it all? Well, there is and it's visible. Plus it's everything that makes visible and affordable, reliable wireless service. Plus. Plus what? Plus Visible's fastest network and up to two times faster. Hotspot plus smartwatch service included saving you 10 bucks a month. Plus it's all powered by Verizon. Yes. Unlimited talk text data and hotspot. All powered by Verizon's 5G Network. The best part, it's all on one line. Right now you can save $15 a month on Visible Plus for 25 months for just listening to me. That's $30 a month for Visible's best plan. This is an exclusive offer for Joe Rogan experience listeners. So switch by March 31st at visible.com/rogan terms apply. See visible.com for plan features and network management details.


EI felt like the biggest milestone in comedy, the action of it, I mean was not being afraid of quiet, like the crowd being dead silent. Even if I said something that I thought was funny and they're still dead silent and that not being like frazzling, you know, you, I don't get shaken by that. Well That's confidence from a lot of big sets. Big a lot of sets where you killed. So you're like, I know I'm good these people. Well it is, it's what it is. It has to believe the thing. It's like, yeah, I haven't, it's also like I haven't conveyed it right then. Yeah. Like it's me probably. But like, they're not just getting what I'm thinking. If they, if they just saw my thoughts right now, they'd get how funny this is. Well here's the thing too. The, you know, you're gonna run into a jazz crowd every now and then, you know?


Sure. Like when you go to see music, you go to see a band, you go to see rock and roll, you go to whatever club you're gonna go, you go to the whiskey, it's a rock band. You know, we know we're gonna go see this blues guy. We're know we're gonna go see a country guy. You go see comedy, you could get Taylor Swift, You can get ac DC, you can get anything. You can get all kinds of shit. You can get the pixies, You can get all kinds of shit when you go see comedy. It's, there's so many different styles to call it one thing, it's kind of weird. And you could ro you could be a rock and roll guy and you're on stage in front of a jazz crowd. Oh yeah. And they don't want your bullshit. They don't like how loud you're being. Why are you moving so much? No, it's what We're here to snicker. You know, I, I stopped putting in at one point for the, the small room at the stand when I was in town for the weekends because, and this is no fault of theirs.


I know they're just booking me 'cause I'm home and they want me on the shows that I can do. But they would put those shows, they would book the, like the, the TikTok like celebrity girls, like girl comics, okay. That were brand new in comedy, but drew the audience and they would, and they're also young enough in comedy that they're posting their spots. Oh my gosh. Do you know what I mean? Like they're, if you practice, you wanna see my schedule is like here. So the room's filling up for them. And I'd go up, I mean, the second I get on stage, you'd see the face and groans of like, just like a man's gonna come, what? Lay it out now. And I would even try to play with that idea. Do You know what I mean? Explain what's going on in the room.


And they would just, they, and then my last one ever doing up there, there was an an Asian girl in the front row that I was fucking with, like going back and forth with her. But she was great. She was like into it. She was laughing and she was busting balls back a little bit, which was fine, you know, she showed me, she was kind of like playing around with it. And then I see another girl like, you know, 22 years old or whatever, 23 going in there, her phone. And I was like, oh, I lost you already. I go, I lost you. And she goes, maybe it has something to do with the Asian girl thing. And I was like, what? He goes, you called her Asian girl. I was like, wait, but she's fine. I go, are you, you're getting upset on her behalf and she's fine.


And she was like, yeah. And I was like, that's retarded. And then a lady in the back of the room stood up lady, a girl and literally clutched her jacket together and went, you just said the R word. And I went, the manager was in the room and I was like, can you take me off the schedule for the rest of this weekend up here? I go, I'm not even mad at this crowd. I'm like, they, you have to give this crowd what they want. If you put on a three week open mic gay comic up here right now, he'd murder. Like read the room of what you're booking. Do you know what I mean? Right. It's like you have to see what's happening. It's like you're putting me up there. This isn't fun for me. And it's not fair to them. Like Right. You've they've been sold a show. That's not what I do. Right. So I don't have any kinda like, gripe on them. I'm just like, don't put me on those shows.


It's Fine. Yeah. You shouldn't be on that show. And What people enjoy. You're, you're fucking up your au your audience is actually gonna like the club less 'cause they think I am the piece of shit that's always here. But then there's another argument where you gotta kind of do all kinds of crowds. Of course. 'cause if you only do your own crowd, like one of the things that happens to guys is they start doing theaters and they do real well and then they bring a lame opening act and then they're only playing to their crowd. Oh yeah. And you see the drop off. You see this like weird creativity drop off. You see the weird impact. And not killing is hard. Everything's a little fake and forced and it's, it's pretty noticeable. Yeah. And normal. It's like normal. It happens a lot if you're not doing clubs. Well, I was gonna say, if you're in theaters, you're just, you're removed from the audience.


You gotta mix it up. You have to be doing little, little room sometimes. I think it's like if you're an athlete, you have to lift weights. You know what I mean? I think there's there's something to that. Oh Yeah. I like to go do crowds that aren't my crowds plenty. You know what I mean? Yeah. I mean, but I mean just different sizes too, right? Like Oh yeah. Without a doubt. Yeah. Sometimes like one of the great things about the store was like you could come in there on an off night, like a Tuesday night and do like a 1:00 AM set. Yeah. And when you're doing a 1:00 AM set, there's like 25 fucking people in the room. Sure. And you, you just like, you get the, and they've seen everything. They've seen five hours of fucking standup. They came from Kansas, they've seen five hours of comedy and most of the audience is gone.


It's a shame from a comics perspective. I mean from a business perspective it's great. But like the comedy seller, like it's funny for people to not even know anymore. Or remember there was a time when I got into the comedy show, there was still, when you went on at two o'clock in the morning, there could be 15 people in the audience. Right Now it's show lets people out. Another show. Another show. So it's like, it's, it's always sold out and packed. But like there was something too that, that was kind of like, that was the training ground. I go up after David tell almost every night of the week in front of 15 people was like, that was great training. You do need that for sure. And you and I still need that. It's, it's not so much that I'm just saying the, I said, take me outta that room because it's always this audience and it's just like you're putting them through a thing they don't need to be put through.


Right. That's I'll go downstairs. Downstairs isn't my audience either. I'm just like, just put me in the room where it's not been sold as this one thing. Right. Well that's, that's the problem with like some clubs that have restrictions on what you could say on the stage. Like why no, no, no, you just can't book this guy. Right. Like there's a club, where is it in, is it in Portland or Seattle? There's some club that these guys got to, Duncan got to and he sent me a photo of a, a list of All the things that you can't talk about, we don't tolerate at this club. We don't tolerate racism, sexism, transphobia. Like Okay. I wonder if it's the one that like, I don't know what it is. We don't probably don't even say need to say the name. Oh I don't know the name of just people in trouble.


I don't know the name of the place. But there was a But Just don't book people. You know what the fuck they do and don't book anybody that's not you. If you have a specific crowd you're trying to cater to, that's your prerogative. No problem with that. Sure. Just book the comedians that fit. Don't, don't like have a list of shit someone can't say once they get there. Like That's crazy. Also assume that if you're booking somebody though, that you'd have to put those rules for. It's like you have to like, I always like that thing. It's like trust the comic to be like a professional. Not that they'll always come through in that regard, but like, You know, You can put, you can put me on stage anywhere and assume it's not gonna end with me being gonna fuck you. Fuck you with the audience. Right.


You know what I mean? Like we'll get out of it. Right. You'll have fun, fun. Relatively pleasant. Well you're a guy that's very flexible on stage, which is just a huge benefit. You can always fuck around with people and and engage with the crowd. Sure. Like you're so good at it. You're one of the best in the business at it for sure. Oh Thank you man. You're really good at it. But it's also fun and jovial. You know how to tie it all together. That's a giant skill if you're doing a bunch of different kinds of rooms and different kinds of places. But when, when a club owner or someone says that you can't breach certain topics, 'cause that's what you're saying. If you're saying we don't tolerate racism, listen, I don't either. Right. But that's not what jokes are. And there's a way to touch on race that a super ultra-sensitive person would say is racism.


And another person who's more objective would say no, this is just making fun of the differences we all have. And how crazy it is that we would think that any one is superior to the others. There's ways to do that. And to say that, you know, that's racist. We don't tolerate racism. Like well what you, what do you call it? So you can't just define what you can't define hate speech because that's your definition. You force me to go with your definition. Yeah. Can't be opinion based. It can't. So you just gotta let people speak freely and then you decide who you book or don't book, but know what the fuck they do. That's part of your job. Part of your job as someone who books a fucking theater is okay if you have a theater, you own the theater, you don't want anybody come performing that doesn't meet your expectations.


That's great. One of the funniest things is I'm always blown away by is the people in the audience who are hating the show. Which is fine. That happens. You know, some people come and they didn't know what they were coming. It's usually girlfriends into Sure Girlfriends get dragged. Yeah. Podcast Fans. Which I also tend to like take their side. If I see that happening, I try to do that. I'm like, why did he make you come to, You know, why do he put you through this kind of thing? Yeah. Is is how I will usually approach that. But when you see those faces, when they, if someone like that gets shitty and stuff, it's, I'm always surprised how aggressive they are when they realize like they're the the minority. Right. Do you know what I mean? It's like, I don't know. 'cause you're, you suck and you're not funny.


It's such a funny thing to shift how much you can make that person an enemy of the room by just going, she's saying all of you are stupid as shit because you're laughing at it. And then just they'll hate her for you. Well there's always gonna be a you suck and you're not funny person in the world. Yeah. Well that's a skill you have to get that poor girl, that poor girl. And that had the video of her skiing out on the guy in the audience. Oh Yeah. That was, that was Unfortunate. People piled on on her, which was actually fucked up. Well she was getting like death threat. I mean, why would you death threaten someone who had a bad time on stage? It seems weird, but she, but again, that's the, that's the situation of getting an audience before you're ready to handle all situations.


'cause the, the thing about that was the heckle on that video is, I mean heckling 1 0 1, like the thing you should be able to handle is someone going, you are not funny. Right. I'm funny. You want me to tell the joke? Like Right. Gimme the microphone. This is all, like I said, these are the LOBs they throw you at a pitching p you know, the batting practice to fucking do crowd work. Like It's day one of karate class. Yeah. It's like they're saying you suck and you're not funny. Like come on, You know, right away you can see him. He's right in the front. Yeah. Like you could pick him apart visually or ask him a few questions, make him look dumb. There's just ways to like, but she wasn't composed because she was leaning into that with like, well I got this whole crowd behind me. But it just looks like a luna. Like when she put it out into the world, everyone's like, you're crazy.


And this crowd's, she Put it out herself. Yes. That's the only reason I thought it was fair to talk about it all. Yeah, Well you know, If it was somebody filming her and being like, look at this dumb bitch or something. Like, I, I would be like, I don't know if I would've went at it. 'cause I'd be like, I would if I had talked about it, I would be like, it's fucked up that somebody did that. Like you're posting her fucking, although that said, I mean I've watched Pablo Francisco fall off stage 7,000 times. What's that? What's that sir? What's that? And On Yeah, I've seen that too. Poor Pablo. Poor funny dude though. Poor Pablo. So funny, funny, funny motherfucker. Yeah man, the thing about that girl is like, she ran into all of the Fuck you, you're not funny people in the world.


Right. See, if you have a crowd of 200 people and you got one, fuck you. You're not funny girl. That's one thing. But if you scale that out to the entire internet, that is so many fuck you. You're not funny people. And those are the ones who are gonna comment. You know, there's plenty of people that saw that video, like you and me who are like, oh God, but you didn't comment. No. So who's commenting the fuck you? You're not funny people. Yeah. Yeah. So when there's 30 million people seeing a video, you're gonna get 13,000 plus. Fuck you, you're not funny. People who post constantly. Oh yeah. So they're gonna post 10, 15 times. They're gonna be arguing with people in the comments telling you how you should kill yourself. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta hide.


You can't. And most people don't. Most people go online and they read All the things like, oh my god, what are they saying about me? You gotta just get offline. Well then there was another, I think an Asian girl doing an open mic who, they had a video of her like throwing shit around and smashing stuff and well she's Fighting the patriarchy. True. Let her let her lash out. But just, I almost wonder, remember that was the fear. They were like, people try to create viral moments. So heckling will become like people go to comedy clubs like I'm gonna heckle and make a moment. Yeah. It's also a thing about like comics that are just trying to find a, like a lose their shit moment on stage also. Oh wow. Right. Do you know what I mean? Like you think so? Yeah. With like look at not even for a thing. Not trying to not keep it funny but like, let me, lemme go Viral.


Go at somebody like really hard. You know what I mean? Yeah. So well also some people are just socially retarded and they think they're really good at it and they're just not, they're not really good at communicating. They think they are and then they're screaming at the fucking, fucking fake anger Is hilarious. Yeah. Fake anger is the best. Especially When it's a joke that's been told for like 10 years and you're like, you can't be pissed about this anymore. You know what the craziest viral moment was ever in comedy? Heather McDonald making jokes about vaccines and then blacking out. Blacking out and banging her head. I only say this 'cause she's okay, but I think she cracked her skull. I think she fractured her skull. Yeah. I mean her head fucking bounces off that hard stage and it looked to the audience like this was like a Pratt fall.


Oh yeah. Like this was a part of the bit, the timing was so good that it looked like a bit Yeah, They laughing and she was talking about laughing and then they were like, oh, oh my god, she really did just black out. Yeah. They almost laugh for a second. Like, okay, Heather, that's plenty, that's good. Historians will study that video. They will not bel they might be proof of the simulation. That video might be proof of the simulation because there's, it just doesn't make sense. Is it like, unless God has some amazing sense of humor, some amazing sense of humor. That's a good, my favorite, my favorite stage moment on is still that classic, this is before YouTube and stuff. The, the look of these biceps guy at the Boston Comedy Club.


Did you ever see That? I didn't see that one, no. What happened? It's One of the, it's it's an open mic. He's definitely, you find out through the video he is getting heckled by a, a girl who also went on stage. But she did well, you know, she has her friends there clearly. And so she did well and this guy's just like his comedy is all written. He came outta the gates, you know when you kind of fake alpha on stage right away. Oh no. So he is just, he's got these jokes. It's like, one's like a racist joke he tells at one point and it's just his whole personality is just, he gives off a bad vibe for sure. So he sucks. And this girl in the audience sucks. And when he can't take anymore of her heckling, he just goes, she's just something about, you can't even get a girl.


He goes, you think I can't get a girl who at these biceps? And it's so, it's such a break. And he means it. He means if you look up, look at these biceps, you'll find it pretty easily. Imagine That's all it took. It's so old. But this is the old Boston Comedy Club in the village. Oh, That's funny. That place was great. The place was Yeah, This guy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, he looks crazy. I be a girl. Look at my fucking bicep. You think I can't meet a Girl? Oh My God. Anyway, before I snap you started drawing stools all over the place. I'm gonna Lee. Thanks. What year is that from? It looks like the nineties. Yeah. I found it just over 10 years old.


So It's, it's, it's that it's late nineties, early two Seventies Android phone. Actually nineties, Actually, no it wasn't. It was two thousands. 'cause it was called Comedy Village at that point. Still they changed the name. Oh. So it was the early two thousands. So That's the old Boston Comedy Club. Wow. Dude, I was, you see the mantle.


This episode is brought to you by Robinhood Gold. With Robinhood Gold, you can now enjoy the VIP treatment receiving 3% IRA match on retirement contributions. The privileges of the very privilege are no longer exclusive with Robinhood goal. Your annual IRA contributions are boosted by 3%. Plus you also get 4% a PY on your cash in non-retirement accounts. That's over eight x. The National savings average. The perks of the high net worth are now available for any net worth. The new gold standard is here with Robinhood Gold to receive your 3% boost on annual IRA contributions. Sign up at Robinhood dot com slash gold. Investing involves risk rates subject to change. 3% match requires Robinhood Gold at $5 a month for one year from first match must keep funds and IRA for five years. Go to Robinhood dot com slash boost over eight x. The national average saving account interest rate claim is based on data from the FDIC as of November 18th, 2024. Robinhood Financial, LLC member, SIPC Gold membership is offered by Robinhood Gold, LLC.


This episode is brought to you by Call of Duty. All right. Call of Duty War Zone fans. It's happening. The moment we've been waiting for ver Dansk is back on April 3rd. Yep. You heard me right? The iconic map, the one that's started it all is making its epic return. I'm talking superstore chaos. Rooftop snipers at the hospital, at the madness, at prison. All of it Starting April 3rd, you can drop back in, relive the mayhem and feel the adrenaline rush that you've been missing. Whether you are a war zone vet or a newbie, it's your chance to drop in to ver dansk new gameplay updates for dance error, weaponry, All the classics, All the chaos. So call up the squad, load up and get ready for those heart racing moments that you've been missing. Verdan returns on April 3rd. Don't miss it. This is gonna be wild. Download. Call of Duty Warz Zone for free and I'll see you in ver Dansk. Rated M for mature.


I was still, I was working in that place back when Neil Brennan was a door guy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I became friends with Neil when he was a door guy. It's hilarious. Kevin was already rolling. Kevin Brennan, I don't know. I don't, Kevin Brennan was, yeah, he was around then. I think he was already doing standup Then. Well, Kevin was the first one Yeah. To do standup. Oh, For sure. Yeah. He was definitely way before Neil And then Neil. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That place was a great club. That's where the went the first club I started At too. Oh, what a great little club. That was The Barry Katz. Yeah. All the clients worked there. Were you a Barry Katz client ever? No, never steered clear. I've been, no, I just been with the same manager since I was an open Micr. No shit. Yeah, wow. Was back in Boston. Well, he found me in Boston.


He was a New York guy. That's why I moved to New York. No Shit. Yeah. I wasn't even supposed to go on stage that night. Oh. So lucky. Because I would've panicked and I would've choked. I didn't know he was in the room. I had no idea. So he had come, he was, he used to manage Bob Nelson. Remember Bob Nelson? Sure. Yeah. Hell yeah. So Bob Nelson, that's Philly guy. I Believe. He became very Christian and he was gonna have his, his bible partner, his his guy become his manager. He had this guy that, they were brothers in Christ. Oh geez. And so Sussman was looking for new clients and he thought he saw, saw everybody that, that he could see in New York at the time. And so he had a good friend that was taking a trip to Boston. And so he went with him and he said, I'm gonna, you know, set up some shows at some of these comedy clubs.


So they had All the lo local Boston headliners, like big name guys from the town would all perform for him. And I was working driving limos at the time. And I, I, while I was driving, I would come up with some of my best ideas sometimes because, you know, you, I didn't listen to the radio. I just drive. 'cause you, you know, you couldn't listen to the radio. You had clients. Yeah. And so some of my best ideas came from just driving around. I had this fucking idea. I'm like, oh my God, I think this would work. And so I called up my friend who was the manager, and I said, Hey dude, do you think I could get a guest spot tonight? And he's like, yeah, absolutely. So he hooks me up, I have no idea. I go downstairs. This guy who becomes my manager is walking out of the room to go to another club, which is down the street.


And he hears me killing. And so he comes back downstairs and he watches my whole set. And I would've never done what I did. How Long are you doing comedy at this point? Three years. That's fast. Yeah, three years. So, but I was pretty, I had some good sex jokes. I had some great jokes that would kill and I would've never done them. If he was in the room, I woulda, 'cause everybody had to be clean back then. That was like, you gotta be clean, you gotta be clean. And I was like, ah. You had good success in like, acting stuff. Was that your, when you got into it was, I, I know when I got into it, I thought it was interesting was I started to do standup comedy. It took me a long time to realize, and I love broadcasting. I think it scratches the same image for me, broadcasting as whatever.


But I didn't never got into it to act or all these different other things. So, but as soon as you get into it, especially when you have a manager, you just see the industry unfold. You see everyone's like, you don't have a commercial agent. You gotta go out and audition for commercial. And all these things that I was like supplementary that I was like, instead of doing that, I'm just gonna keep doing the Black Circuit. 'cause I can make some money there. Like, I was getting a couple bucks, You know, enough to survive on shows and that. And then I'll just go hang out the mainstream rooms, you know, at night and meet All the comics and get on when I can get on. But like, it was never a, i, it's never like, I would not go so many times to all day. I'm like, I don't fucking, Yeah, I did a couple of those. I don't want it. I don't want it. And I ended up sitting on this, on this show for two years And it was a great experience in hindsight, but like, What show did you get on?


It's Called Z Rock. It was a IFC show. What's great about it for me was because it was like Curb your enthusiasm style writing. Oh. So we get to say whatever we wanted really. And it was cursing and there was no problems with that. Oh wow. So it was a very fun show to do in that regard. But it's, again, it just wasn't my, Wasn't Your thing. In fact, when I, when I was doing it, I would still go like three of the nights a week. We do five shows every other night. I would still go do my a spot to sell her. And she was giving me 2:00 AM spots and I'd have to be on set at 7:00 AM You know, 6:00 AM sometimes. And when they would get like, you know, I would take naps in between like scenes or whatever and they would be like, why are you going and doing like standup so late?


And I'm like, oh, because this show will not be forever. And there is 50 people waiting to jump in my spot there. Yeah, Of course. You know, I mean, Of course I'm, I'm established there right now. So it's like I, when this goes away, that's the thing that's still gonna be there. Yeah. And so I, I definitely made sure. And So I said, but also I didn't wanna really be an actor Or anything like that. Well, in the nineties it was just a money thing. You know, it was everybody. There was two things that everybody wanted as if you were a comic deal. You no, you wanted to be the head of a sitcom or you wanted to host The Tonight Show. Those are the two things that everybody wanted. Which is why Jay Leno, people to this day don't understand. Like, why did Jay Leno want The Tonight Show so bad that he was like hiding in the closet And you know, that whole story where they were negotiating.


Yeah, yeah. And you know, he just, they scratched and clawed and everybody was mad at him. 'cause he took it from Conan, remember that like went, 'cause he went back 'cause Conan's ratings weren't as good because all that craziness was, that was the golden carrot at the end of the stick. Everybody want like, so in our minds, everybody wanted to host The Tonight Show or you wanted to be Jerry Seinfeld. Yeah. So that was what you got. Like, and so these people came there and that's All the industry talked about. 'cause that's where All the money was. 'cause what your agent wanted you to do, that's where All the money was. And everybody was just pushing you in that direction. Well, yeah, that's what it is. It was like, it was a, but it was a push in that direct. Yeah. 'cause it was like you're, but it's an antiquated idea that comes from the time of like, everyone in entertainment was like a triple threat.


I watched something a while ago that was a right. Like a Jamie Fox. How, but you're right. But even to go back to like the Sinatras and the, I mean they said a Barney Miller, Hal Lindon, there's videos of him like singing on, he went on on like talk shows and as a singer Wow. Because everyone had to like dance. You were like a showman. Right. There was no like focus in the olden days in one direction. Yeah. So the idea Cat skills, the idea that you were like I, I came into comedy as a mega fan of standup comedy. I loved all of it. I didn't even like draw lines on, you know, there's people I liked more than others. And Dice was my guy for sure when I was 12, 13. I just hit him at the right time. Yeah. That, I loved that. But I was such a fan of standup that when I got into standup, I only saw, like, now I didn't know what the path was to selling out comedy clubs or theaters or anything like that.


But that's all it was. I didn't get into this and I was like, oh, and then I'll have a sitcom and, and then you just get told right away, like, well what year That's you're going for you come along, You're going, what year did you come along? I started in 90, 97. Okay. Almost Nine, maybe 98. That was like the peak of the sitcom days. That was friends. That was se that was, everything was still on the air back then. Right. Seinfeld had had When, what year did Seinfeld end? I wanna say that was like 2000. No, 98. 98. Yeah. I was gonna say 98 I think it was Then. 98. Yeah. Yeah. Nine 14th, 1998. Okay. And then there's friends which kept going a little while longer.


Right? Yeah. Like 2001. You know, and then there was like Caroline in the city. There was like all these shows that everybody was like, that was the goal. The goal was to get on a show and everybody wanted a ne and everybody got a network deal. And they were handing out deals where you would get like a couple hundred grand. You didn't have to do anything. And they never even made a show. And then you'd get another deal next year. There was a bunch of guys who were always having deals And that the, a lot of those people, when I got in the comedy, I'd see those people like chest out at the comic strip. Oh yeah. Weird and weird stuff. But then, but then never heard of, again, not to, I mean I wouldn't mean names, but I mean it was just weird to see people that were like, oh, they just got their second deal with NBC holding deal or Yeah. They were convinced it was gonna go.


They would tell you like, I got a million dollar backup deal and this and that and so they have to do my show. It's gonna be on the air. You should play my brother. And then it doesn't. It's such a, Well you see people getting really weird and acting like they're special before they're even famous. Sure. Like you didn't, you didn't even get on the launching pad yet and you're already acting like a fucking crazy person. But also saw a Lot of that. I saw, I, I've been doing it long enough to see people kind of go and be like, shit, the acting thing seems to be going and I'm gonna go to LA or something. And, and entertainment, like besides standup is going and they focus on that for a couple years and then nothing really pans out from it and they didn't keep doing standup. Right. And then they come back and it's like, And then they try again And then they're confused.


Because I've never had my own sitcom. I've never had anything. But like one thing I never stopped doing was like working the whole time still. Yeah. So it's like you're building a fan base still. Right. When people, a lot of people left at a time where it was like, oh, this is where you have to start. You know, they went to go do acting when everyone was like, alright, this is its podcast times now and social media times. And you have to get all these things going and you connect with the audience and stuff and keep performing and like, they went away and then come back and it's hard to start again. It's real hard. They saw a lot of guys during the writer strike tried to do it again. Right. Yeah. Because there, there's a few of those guys that are really good, that are just riders and they become, they become trapped in that velvet prison of getting that, you know, you, you make good money, you got a great health plan, you know, you got a nice house, got a mortgage, maybe you start having kids and you're not really a comic anymore.


Right now you're working on a sitcom or you're writing. And the problem is you don't have a backup plan anymore because you can't just go on the road anymore. 'cause you don't have a fucking audience. Right. So all those other guys that you came up with that kept their comedy up during that whole time, those guys can still tour. Like Fitz Simmons was very smart about it. Like Fitz Simm has did a lot of writing gigs, but he never stopped doing Stanley. He's so funny. Never stopped doing Stanley. And he always kept getting better. And so like when Rider strikes and things like that happen, Greg's fine. Right? Like he, he sells out all over the country. He doesn't have to worry about it, but it's because he's smart and because he, he's like saw the writing on the wall. Like, I'm not falling into this trap. Well, It's a matter of what you wanna do. When you woke up in the mornings to go do news, news radio, were you like thrilled going to work every day?


Or did It was did it, did it, did It. No. News Radio was really fun. It was really fun. It was a lot Cast. Cast Is crazy. It was really fun. It was a, it was a real fun like environment. We had a good time. The writers were amazing. It was like per perfect best case scenario for a sitcom. And it was the second sitcom I was on. The first one I was on was like, worst case scenario, not worst, but started off great. I was on the show called Hard Hardball with Jim Brewer. Jim Brewer was, he played one of the rival mascots and he gets beat up. It's, Jim was so funny. It was so funny. It was a real funny pilot. And it was written by these guys who worked on Married with Children and they worked on The Simpsons.


They were really funny writers. Jeff Martin and Kevin Kern and these guys put together this really funny show. And then the networks just Hacked It up. They just, they just jizzed into the soup. It was a mess. They brought in a bunch of people that shouldn't have been there. And a bunch of, and the show fell apart. And, but I got, I got to watch like these brilliant, really funny guys get their work just shit all over by the network and have it fall apart and become a, just a joke. Could you have been roped into stopping standup? Like not, like not doing standup to No. To go in the full time, like no, no, no, no. From sitcom to sitcom. But one thing that I did do for sure is I neglected my standup for a few years when I was doing news radio All the time.


The problem was in news radio in the early days, they were really long hours because we were trying to figure the show out And you know, there was a lot of network notes back in those days. And you know, the network was really behind it, but it wasn't, it wasn't owned by NBC. It was o it was produced by Brillstein Gray. So, you know, if you wanted to be on the good slots, right. So there would, Paul Sim would call Paul Sim is the creative news radio. It would call it the shit sandwich. So you'd have friends and married with children and in between you'd have like kind of kakas that comes, right. It's like a shit sandwich. So we got in those spots occasionally, and every time we did, we were like number two in the country, number three or something. But then we'd drop down like number 80.


'cause we got moved to like nine different times over five years. Nine times over five years. So the show didn't really become successful until it went into syndication. Nice. So It was one of those weird things. But I never, I auditioned for two shows ever. I auditioned for that hardball show. I got that, that got canceled and I auditioned for news radio and that was it really, it was the nuttiest thing of all time. So I didn't want it, it just happened. So it wasn't something like, it was my golden carrot. My golden carrot was just, I wanted to be a professional comic. Right. And then I, as I was like barely making money as a professional comic, like barely surviving, all of a sudden they're like, we'll pay you $25,000 a week. I was like, what do I have to do? I was like, I gotta act. Okay now I'm acting.


And I would've moved back to New York a hundred percent if I didn't get an apartment. So I, I signed a one year lease on this apartment in North Hollywood. And so I was staying and I was like, ah, I gotta stay. 'cause I wanted to just go back to New York and play pool and hang out with my friends. I didn't like it in la It wasn't my cup of tea. I didn't like being around actors. And it was hard to make friends with some of the comedians. And the Comedy Store was weird back then. So I was like, I was ready to go back to New York and I had this fucking lease. So I was like, I can't break the lease. I don't have that kind of money. I'll gotta keep this lease going. So I, I stayed there and then I got news radio like right afterwards, Which is great. And It was crazy. That's a whirlwind for sure. It is funny though. It's like just that lead of that like that you're supposed to do. Like I I, to me it was sitting for whatever the 10th time, you know, I think and watching especially actors like walking back and forth, like how serious they're taking, getting there.


Yeah. And I'm just like holding the sides barely. And I'm like, it's like three lines. We gotta say like relax and I didn't book stuff. But it's also just like as I'm sitting there, like, I don't know if I wanna be the Yeah. You know, the, the Trident Cinnamon gum guy, Mitch Hip. I don't if I care. I just don't like, it's like, if you get it, it's almost like fantastic. You know, like that's great. But If you get it, it's extra money. Sure. But then once you get All the extra money, you don't have to really do that anymore. And that's when you gotta decide like, what do you, like, one of the things that I had to decide after I did Fear Factor, I was like, okay, no more of that. Please. Yeah. And I did it one more time. I did it one more time. When in 2011, fear Factor came back for a brief amount of time and that's when they made people drink jizz.


That's when it got canceled forever until Ludicrous came back and did it on MTV. No Jizz. That was than the no Jizz rule effect. They Toned it down back then. But it was just like a, there's a different thing that's happening when you're doing something just for money. You know, you're just like, okay, it's worth it. It's worth it for this amount of money and then you gotta know what to do with that money. But I used to have to like, you know, plan, plan your escape. I used to have to like, like talk myself into like when I would get those, we were like talking head shows. I think on History Channel we did like I love, they were trying to do like a spoof of I love the eighties and I love the nineties. Right, right. They would do like, I love the 1880s Oh cool. Or I love the 1890s or whatever. And they would give us like history stories and write jokes and you're gonna do talking head things.


And I would look at it as the burden of that next day. Yeah. I gotta wake up at eight to go into the city and like to do this thing. That's never, I look at All the stuff and I'm like, it's lame. It's network, it's history channel. So it's like I can't really do exactly what it is I do. And then because I'm gonna go as close as I can to my own voice that like, it's probably not gonna get a lot of stuff on anyway. Yeah. And but I, I really convinced myself, I'm like, you know, there, there was a kid across the street from me when I lived in South Jersey for a couple years who was in a Fruit Loops commercial. I said, and he, and he must said he might as well have been Brad Pitt. You know what I mean? Like, like to me I was like, he's been on television. And I'm like, think yeah, I'm going to do a TV show tomorrow.


History channel anything. If he told me when I was 12, 13 years old that hey, you wanna do a TV show, be on TV on the history channel? You'd be like, no tv is that possible? You know? So you have to remember that it is pretty like extraordinary to have some of these opportunities. But man, so I try to take them in when I have them. I did a, I was in the movie Hustlers as the strip club Dkng. What is hustlers? It's a, it's a, the true story of the girls IT scores who were like Rob the strippers that were robbing the guys. Oh Really? When did that movie come out? A Couple years back now, but shit, maybe like seven years. Six, seven years ago. But I was the strip club dkng in that and like I really had to go there. 'cause I look at the, in hindsight of it, it's like it was two 14 hour days of like nothing.


So much nothing going on. Right. You're just waiting, Just waiting around. Yeah. And just whiffing when I had these opportunities, but I also trying to take in, I'm like, holy shit, that's Usher over there and fucking, that's fucking JLo. It's like as I'm sitting here like what it, when do you guys need me again? It's like JLo's in a thong like, you know, twerking on stage, like doing her scene and you're like, oh, I should really enjoy some of it. You know what I mean? J-Lo was on stage twerking. Yeah. I introduced her, her the Dance. What year was This? Do You know? J Oh, 2000 couple years ago. 18 maybe. Yeah. My voice opens this scene. Damn. Is that really J-Lo? Yeah, it's so this is her really her 10 years ago. 50, 50 years old.


Not then. She wasn't. Yep. She was 50 on set. Yeah. Wait A minute. How old is she now? You said this was 2000 what? 2000 when? 2009. Like 19, 18? Yeah, something like that. Was she really 50 back then? Yeah. God, this six years ago. She's not 56. Is she? She 19. Okay. How old is J-Lo? So She's 56 I guess now. No. Is she really? I mean living, yeah. 55. Whoa. That's crazy. Yeah bro. What is she doing? I don't know. But she looked fantastic. That is, it really shined a light on this. This girl's narrow genetics. This girl's narrow Asian ass really, really shined a light on that.


It almost, when they were choreographing them together on stage, it looked so, it looked so shitty. That's Yeah. Yeah. She looks Great. That's incredible. Good for her. She seemed nice. I tried to talk to her once and I whiffed hard. Did You, I just Get panicked. I Planned Thought you could be number six. I planned what I was gonna say. That's what the problem was. What? Oh you did? Yeah. How bad. I, it was bad. I said when she, next time she turns around 'cause she seems nice, she's gonna like, at some point she's gonna talk to me. We're doing this one scene together where she hands me money and I say like a line. And every time the yell cut she put her robe on, turn around, talk to her assistant. But I'm like, she does seem nice and she's gonna turn around and ask me some version of how you doing?


Right. And I'm gonna say, ah, you know, I'm just living the life of a fake strip club Dkng and that's gonna make her giggle. And then we're best friends for life and instead of waiting for her to say anything the next time she just her, I just crossed my eyes. I went living the life of fake strip club, followed Her face And she was like, excuse me. And I was like, oh. And then her assistant started laughing at me and then I demanded to go outside to get a soda. They were like, we'll get you a soda. I'm like, please let me go outside and reset this moment. I hate this. Yeah. You can't have a diva roll her eyes at you. That'll fuck your confidence up no matter who you are. No. Right. Jennifer Lopez rolls her eyes at you. That's Shit. It hurt so much.


How is she look? So good? I don't know. Crazy. She really did. It's Pretty extraordinary. It's that thing where it's a person that's in a room and you're like, oh, a celebrity's here. Like they give that off. Right? But it's like, think of her beauty. And then that other lady that you said that did a bunch of shit to her face, probably same age, right? Oh Yeah. Isn't that crazy? It is crazy. You know, it was also in that movie, by the way, a young only one song out Lizzo. And everyone was so excited for her and I didn't know who she was. And they go, they were talking about the celebrities that are gonna be there today and she's playing a stripper. And I was like, Hmm, I'm wondering who it is. And then hours later my next question was, I'm like, who's the big fat stripper wearing the fishnet outfit?


And they're like, that's Lizzo. Yeah. Like that's Lizzo. I was like, Christ Almighty. What are they making her do that? And again, it's my own fat insecurity that I put out on other people. Almost like I said that guy earlier who's like the robe open. There's gotta Be guys That wanna that I'm impressed. I'm impressed by that. 'cause what I have is much more, which I always found interesting, Chris Farley, you know, these most, this most famous thing ever is the Chippendales sketch, right? With Patrick Swayze. I've always thought, and I just know this from I'm, I'm good friends with his brother and, and from years of reading stuff about it, like that's, if you wanna trickle back what killed him, it's essentially that. Do you know what I mean? It's like he hated, he was willing to do it.


Like I'll be the fat gross guy. But he hated it. He didn't want everyone to think he was like fat and gross. So I, it's like I have a hard time with like with those kind of things. So I'm impressed also with someone who's like ladies, you know, with like their fucking fat rolls on their sides. Welcome to the party. Well it's how do you do it man? And Lizzo just like, fuck it, I'm wearing a thong. Like don't you don't have to. It's one of those things where it's like you want to celebrate people that don't care like you. Yeah. You go. But also yikes. Yeah. It's also yikes. It's always lies too, by the way. She's lost a hundred pounds. Well also remember when she was accused of fat shaming All the girls that she worked with and making them, making hookers.


Yeah. Making knee stripper pussy and shit. Yeah. Like whatever, whatever was going down, whatever she was accused of, I don't know was real. But it's like the Chris Farley thing. I never would've imagined that he hated doing that. Oh yeah. No. He loved making people laugh, but he hated that it was at the expense. And I don't think I'm speaking at a school here. I said that, but it never seemed like that's, that stuff did bother him. I think he wanted, he, he wanted girls to like him. He wanted, you know what I mean? So that's why. And he got big into drugs. Are you basing this on conversations that you've had with people that know him? Or like what conversations? That I've watched so much stuff like on him. On him. Yeah. Yeah. And you can see like, you know, they, again, it's people reading in this stuff and Sure. But yeah. But I think also from talking to his brother and stuff, I met him once, real conversations once I met him once when he was in the throes of it.


Really? Yeah. There's a couple of people that I met where their skin looked like wet cardboard. Ugh. Like it was the consistency of wet, like gray cardboard. Yeah. Like sweaty gray cardboard. So he was on the set, hanging out. There was always like a lot of fun people that were on the set that you got to meet. And he wasn't working on the show, he was just there to hang out. And so I ran into him like during the craft service table area and he was just looked terrible. And I don't know like what year did he die? I think late nineties also.


So this was around 97 ish, somewhere around then. Yeah. So news radio was 94 to 99. End of 97. December week before Christmas. 97. That's when he died. 33. So it might have been the year he died. Yeah. I Mean because he, he looked like hell, he looked like he was just so sweaty and so gray. He just looked fucked up. The one other time there was a dude that I ran into at the improv and he couldn't form sentences. He, he had like the same gray skin and he was talking to me, but nothing made sense. But he just kept talking and he could, he couldn't form sentences. And I was like, this is the craziest thing I've ever seen.


It's also weird to get into that and then still be around comedy. Just Be around public. Like you're In, you're Hanging around with people at a bar and you, you, you're so gacked up. You can't even form a sentence. I have a hard time with the, I mean I can, so I can get caught up in like the, the dramatic conversation of like the, the science of comedy and like the, All the internal things and the manipulation of it. But at the end of the day it's so silly when like it's taken so seriously in some way too. Yeah. It's like, it is not like, You know, unlike Daniel Day Lewis who has to be Lincoln all day. Someone can go Jay, they're calling your name on stage and you can go up there. I don't have to like find my place. Right. You know what I mean? Like, oh I'm not even, you know, oh hang on.


Okay. You know, you just go on stage and be like, shit, I didn't know they were calling me. Sorry everybody. But also you're doing sets multiple times a night. You're doing multiple sets a week. You're so comfortable with being on stage. It's not like action. Right. You know you're Lincoln go. Yeah. Every Four score and seven years ago You mess up a line, they gotta go change the gate. They gotta do a bunch of fucking things. Yeah. And there's always someone who wants to come in and touch up your hair. And then there's fucking people moving around and there's always some, so many support people. It's hard to just like keep your fucking concentration. Some people like being doted on Dan Soder. I've always remember he likes acting and, and not even just acting. He likes the day he takes the day in the trailer and he said he will write jokes And you know, do whatever.


Well He's a happy dude. Dan Soder seems like he's always happy. It's hard to imagine him being even angry. Like he was talking to me about somebody who ripped off one of his jokes. And even that, the way he's talking about the guy ripping off his joke and confronting him about ripping off the joke, it's still, he's like pleasant. He's being silly. Yeah. Yeah. He's being silly and laughing about it. I'm like, wow. Oh, he's the best for sure. Great Demeanor. So that's like a glass is always half full guy. He's, he's fine with doing a little acting here and, but if you, you know what he wants to do is standup. He's a Great standup. No, no. He's a great standup and he does wanna do standup and he wants to make shows. He's got a lot of interest that I think he'll be great at all of them. I'm just saying more like, you know, I'm losing my train of thought. Well You don't have to do all that other stuff.


And the thing is, like back in the nineties we all thought we had to do that other stuff. I would've never imagined like quitting a TV show just so I could do standup on the road. First of all, you needed the TV show so people would come to see you. That was people that was a big thing back then. People came to see you if you were on the Tonight Show or if you had an HBO special or if you had a sitcom. Like that was, That's why I was always so impressive of a person. Like, like Regan. Yes. Brian Re I was just gonna bring him up. Yes. It's like you Did it straight through Comedy Man. Just organic and got to Theaters. Yep. Huge theaters. Yeah. And it sells out instantly just because he's so good. You know, it's funny, the quietest, the people who were the most surprising. There's huge earning comics that we've, you've never even heard of and stuff.


I always look up like Shonda Pierce is a lady just like a, an old lady from the south but she's multimillionaire sells out. She performs at like churches and stuff. Really? Yeah. But it's just standup and it's just like the most mundane like remember but it's again, it's not for me obviously. But I mean with this kinda whatever You know like act that You know wouldn't impress anybody. She's making millions. Christian Comedy's a tough sell. Yeah, well but there's a market for it for sure. There is a market for it. I remember there was a bunch of people that went into Christian comedy that there was like a Christian comedy tour back in like oh God.


Yeah. It was terrible. It was terrible To want to go to That seems boring. Even if you were religious. Like I don't wanna go watch religious comedy but it was Like the most a shuck stupid shit. Yeah. About like the guy's dumb And my wife always tells me I'm dumb and she's right. Ha ha Ha ha ha. It's why Nate Boetti iss so impressive to me and always has been is because he's clean in that way. You can call him a Christian comic and it doesn't matter. Right. 'cause if you just watch the comedy, if you're not listening to All the labels being put on him. Right. He's just brilliant. Yeah. It's just brilliant. Great. And more than brilliant. Hilarious. He's fucking hilarious. Hilarious and squeaky clean. Yeah. And you throw him on anywhere in a lineup. Yeah. It doesn't matter. Yeah. So Gary Goldman was so impressive in that way too. It just didn't have to be dirty. Like almost like subjects, you were someone who said to write joke about this subject.


You're like, nah dude, that's corny. Well Gaffigan's the best. Yeah, he's great too. Gaffigan's been killing it forever. Squeaky clean. You know there's, you know, there's a market like again, But everyone shouldn't be that. Right? That's the Hannah Gatsby argument she made. That's that's the really, whatever my opinions better comedy are meaningless. It was an article she did where she was like, if you're not using your comedy to like move society forward in some way should said that. Yeah. That's hilarious. Like you're wasting time basically like you, like you need to come and talk about your rape or you're wasting time doing comedy and it's like, or did I even, you're not being personal. I go so you saying like David tell Brian Regan carrot top, you think people just shouldn't be in comedy because there are a different like faction of it than you.


That's insane. It's insane. And God forbid if everybody started doing Hannah Gatsby style quality, she's fucked. She's not gonna be the best at it. You know what I mean? Right. It's like why don't you welcome it? It's like why don't you stay, keep your lane and be happy with how's. Well Here's the other thing about comedy. Like you should be funny first. Yeah. If you wanna do all that other stuff too. But if you wanna do all, all that other stuff and you call it comedy but it's not funny. Like you're doing something where you're just trying to educate people, Hey that you miss the whole mark of this whole thing. And to say that that's the most important thing. The only people that would say that are people that aren't funny. Yeah. That's it. That's the only people that would ever think that the most important thing is to move social justice forward when you're comedy.


If Somebody told me I made them think on stage, I'd go about what? About what? Listen, you could be as social justicey as you want. You could talk to your phone. You can make long rants on reels. You can do podcasts, you can do whatever you want. Talk about issues. But when you're on stage, what you're supposed to be doing is be funny. Now if you can be funny with some sort of grand message that makes everybody Bill Hicks clap at you, great, that's great. But that's not the goal. The goal is to just be funny. And if that's your goal, you want to be funny with a social justice, great. Nothing wrong with it, but you gotta be funny. Anything you can't like fake it and get clapped or and Think you're anything. I would even say with passion on stage, I could end just as easily by going or not.


You know? Or maybe I'm completely wrong. I don't know. Definitely. Yeah. How the fuck would I know, remember G guys would do this when they were bombing. Hey how about a nice round of pause for the ladies, give a round of pause for All the ladies in The crowd. S go How many at the, in the black comedy circuit it was, those are the funniest how many they would give. He goes, how about for the lady? He goes, how about for a brother doing the right thing, staying outta jail, doing the right thing. Trying to do the right thing. Yeah. They get collapsed. Yes. Yes. And then it was positive energy show was going your way. But All but we all used some crutch in that. I went, I think so. I mean not just 'cause I was like, you know, obviously inspired by like the dices and stuff with the comics that I like the dirtier guys. But I would go dirty 'cause I found out pretty early if you go dirty, even if you don't get the laugh 'cause the joke wasn't good, you're gonna get the groan.


And it was a noise. Yeah. Because that was, to me again, I said the silence was the thing. Once it was silent I was like, someone please save me from this. It's going so bad. Yeah. If you get a few, oh God yeah. At least you're like, ah, they're with me. You can kinda, You can kinda laugh that off yourself. Yeah. And Then if you're laughing genuinely, maybe these people will start smiling. Yeah. It's a fucking weird art form dude. But you know, kudos to you for just doing that. 'cause that's the way to do it. And then Legion sks too. Like what? What Lewis and you guys and Dave, what you guys have done is so interesting because you did it all without ever worrying about being like removed from YouTube. You know, because he did it all on his network.


Gas digital. I mean He started Gas Digital essentially for Legion sks more or less. So smart. And it would have like a pla with that they really can't get rid of. Yeah. 'cause it limits your reach a little bit. But over time people figure it out. That's why Skank Fest is so fucking huge. Skank Fest is nuts, dude. It's fun. It's nuts. It's been crazy doing New Orleans this year. Nuts. I Should have got in when I could have done it. Now it seems like I don't, I, I just, I don't, there's too many people. I get Anxiety. There's a lot of people for sure. But it's, It's amazing how like You have a blast. It's such a celebration of people just being stupid and having fun. Absolutely. And it's no like, You know, no pretense. No. And I said they all look the part, but they're such great comedy fans.


That's everybody. And by the way says also, I mean that in the sense that it's like pe there's been so many people who have been like, SK fist isn't my thing. I'm like dude, they're gonna fucking lose their minds for you. Yeah. You don't even Know. It's like they're comedy fans. They're not just like R fans. Right. Ex exclusively Here. They're also fans of people that are willing to do real comedy in this fucking bizarre world where you're being told that the most important thing is for you to do social justice on stage. Which I shouldn't say that's the world now. 'cause that it's not. It was the world like four years ago. Four years ago. You heard that a lot. Oh yeah. And that's kind of died off. And there was a bunch of things that killed that. But I think the real nail in the coff and the final one was the Tom Brady roast. Yeah. I think that was the grand nail in the co the coffin of woke comedy.


Well all you had to show people was that there was like, if you stick with something for a minute, like there is an audience there. You're just listening to a bunch of lunatics screaming with nothing to do with their lives. It's like, but if you give it a second, like conversely of much people were writing, they're angry about this. There's a zillion people who just like it. Yeah. You can't cater to the people that are upset at what popular thing there is out there. Can you imagine writing a letter to ac DC? Like this last record sucked first, second song's. Okay. But second, third song blows. And the fourth one's, it's like That's the fuck you, you're not funny person in the crowd. There's always gonna be a percentage of them. There's, it's an unavoidable aspect of human nature. There's a bunch of people that don't do anything, can't contribute and want to knock down everything they see in front of them.


There's a bunch of people that were born with amazing genetics that just have this superiority over everybody that they believe is real. And they, you know, especially if you're pretty and everybody wants to fuck you and you think you could yell at anything at the guy on stage. Yeah. Maybe you hate men 'cause your ex-boyfriend's a piece of shit and you've had a couple of cocktails and fuck him and fuck this guy. Don't fucking say Women can't do it. Men can Try to break down. It's the funniest. So you to break down your bit. Oh that's the best. I had a, a lady heckle me once where I was trying to explain, I was doing this bit about, I had a bit about the, the guy who broke into the White House. 'cause this guy, some fucking maniac broke into the White House. He just hopped the fence, ran across the lawn and broke in and there was a lady guarding the front door and he smacked her to the ground, just ran through.


And he got tackled by an off-duty secret service guy. It was like getting a cup of coffee and see's this fucking guy running through the White House and he tackles him. And the joke was about a woman being a security guard at the White House. And the joke was supposed to be, I know because guess what? I shouldn't be a security guard at the White House. I go, And you know how I know, 'cause I met Shaquille O'Neill and his dick is where my face is. He was like, if the White House is experiencing a shack attack, I'm the wrong dude to save the world. You know, shit. So the whole joke was about that. And I, I couldn't get it out because this lady's like bullshit. Bullshit. So the joke was, women can't do everything men can do because men can't do everything men can do. That's why we have the Olympics.


There's some people that can just do shit that regular people can't do. And one of those things is guarding the fucking White House. Like, you should be a big fucking giant dude who's capable of extreme violence. But this bitch wouldn't let me get this out. She's like, and I tried to explain to her, this is how the joke goes. And then I went further into the joke and she chimed in again. I explained the joke and then she was, she was like, okay. I'm like, yeah, I can't. I'm saying I can't do it. I've gone hard at female cops so much. It's so great. When I meet female cops, they're like, they usually have great sense of humors about it quite honestly. But I will film and send to like Soders who I'll do it to. I watch cops still a lot like clips of the show cops. And there was one I watched recently that was just about the, it's a female cop.


Whenever it's a female cop, I'm like, I get my phone ready in case I have to film this because I go, it's always gonna be something hilarious. And they're always in the way somehow or something. And it's, they're trying to stop this guy, you know, he is on foot black dude. And this lady's like, lemme see your id. Lemme see your ID right now. And then the guy says slowly backing away. And then he just decides to go start running. And he runs and this girl is chasing him. This black guy is so far away from her, it's ridiculous. And then just coming zipping right past her is a dude cop who just catches the guy and tackles him. And then the rest of the time her standing over and breathing hard, she's like, son of a bitch got away. Like, and she's like, lady, what are you doing? What are you doing? I saw one time I was waiting outside of a doctor's office in New York and I saw a guy who was naked with his hospital gown on the floor next to him.


This isn't outside of a hospital by the way, his doctor's office. This guy left the hospital clear. He is naked, still has his bracelet on. He's flapping his dick around. So I call the cops and I go, Hey, I think there's a guy who got out of a hospital here he is naked. And he's seems pretty unruly. He is like screaming shit. And he's being kind of weird. And they go, will you stay on the phone with us and let me know when the officers get there? And I go, sure. And then a big NYPD van pulls up and two tiny little ladies get out. And I started laughing on the phone and I'm like, yo, I don't think these, these ones are gonna be able to handle it. You remember to send somebody else. And they go, why? I go? 'cause it's like two tiny ladies miss. And I'm like, and this guy's like, like I'm gonna have to get involved now and I don't want to.


And then the guy stood up and he's walking towards him and the ladies are like, first of all, already touching their guns. Which is like, again, not really necessarily the guy's naked. He doesn't have a weapon, but it's just, they're so tiny. Like how many options do they have? Well they have to grab their guns if it goes at them. Right? That's the thing. If you are, if you're a small woman and a naked guy is coming your way and you don't know how to fight and you have a gun, you're grabbing your gun. And the guy just went up to them and just stood about seven feet in front of them and started pissing at their feet. And then, and then finally another cop car came with a guy who just, I mean, got outta the car right away, grabbed him by the arms, you know what I mean? Put his arms behind his back and they put the, this thing back over him, his gown back on him. But it was just like the guy had A pee. What's the problem? He didn't, couldn't find his clothes.


But it's just so wild that I'm like, why are these two a team at all? Yeah, I mean, I would like to say that women could do everything men can do, but I think in that si circumstance, you'd probably want a big man Field police work. That's crazy. You're dealing, one of the scariest videos that I ever saw was this guy, this lady pulled him over on the highway and the guy gets out and he's beating the fuck out of this lady cop and his daughter, the guy who's beating the cop, his daughter is saying, daddy stop. Daddy stop. 'cause he's just beating the shit outta this. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I unconscious lady. It's so scary.


It's so scary because there's, there's no way she should have been in that situation. There's no way That's a, a chubby female cop to boot is the funniest too. You're like, what is happening All the time? What Is the problem gonna solve All The time? But They're in the way. Like I was at a casino once and this person who I thought air quotes was a woman and I was talking to, And it was a security guard, like five foot, five, like shorter than me. Security guard woman, I thought, thought it was a woman. It wasn't disturbed by the fact that she was a security guard. None, none of it. But, but then at the end of the night, I had been talking to these people, you know, the show was over and I was like, well ladies, it was really nice to meet you.


And she says, actually, I'm a man. And she says it like, with a woman's voice. And I, and I'm like, stuck. You know, I probably had a couple cocktails, just did a show and I'm probably gonna go, nah, Are you, you For sure? Like what? So I said, I'm sorry, I didn't mean anything by it. I didn't know. I gave her a hug, hugged everybody, and I left. And I was, I felt proud of myself that I didn't say something. You should have nut checked her. I was just like, You know, nut check. It's just like, you definitely, you're not, but you know, whatever. Like to, to think that I should have known. Like, that's crazy Man. I had something Turn, did you identify as a man? I had something turn on me so bad with that at a, Not even a mustache At a diner.


It was me, Josh, Adam Myers and, and my girlfriend went to a concert and we went to a diner afterwards. And where they sat us, this diner, our table was facing the booths that are going across. And the booth right across where I'm staring is a cute girl. And what I thought was a, a goth guy. I thought it was a, like a goth dude. He was wearing like kind of fish net stuff and everything. And they are making out hard up, like going, they're going for it. And I'm like, You know, and we're kinda like laughing it off almost at first, you know, like, all right, I guess like they're go. But then it starts getting like there like, like she's like getting in a position.


The girl, the only girl I thought is when like the, the goth guy, he's rubbing like her pussy over the pants and she's like, riving around and stuff, and this is going on. Then they stop in a diner. Yeah. Then they stop, then they start again. It to the point where I go laughingly though too. I kind of go, ah, all right, come on. And they're like, and they're like, they have like an, oh my god, what the fuck is wrong with you thing? Now there's people, they're in a booth and we're the only people who see them. Oh, we're facing them. These booths are other people, but they're just not paying attention to what's going on there. I'm just happen to look at it. And I'm like, alright. And they're like, what's the problem? And I'm still just kinda laughingly going, like, I get it, but like, you know, I'm doing like a guys, I'm like, you're fucking at the table.


I mean like, it's crazy. We're at a diner and it's getting shitty about it. And then I'm just like, I, I don't know what the problems. I'm like, that's crazy what you're doing and everything. And I'm like, I don't, we're not wrong here. And then she was, and then she goes, would you have a problem if we were a straight couple. And I was like, I thought that was, I thought that was a guy. I said, I didn't know it wasn't a straight couple. And then whatever, it all kind of calms down. And then like our food's coming, which is weird. We still have to sit there and I go, yeah, I'm gonna go outside and smoke a cigarette and like regroup here a little bit. Biggest mistake I ever made. 'cause I went outside and I'm, this is like a big glass front restaurant, you know, diner. And I'm smoking right outside the diner and I'm watching the narrative get created in the room without me being in the room.


Oh no. Like the people behind and the staff coming up and being like the we're sorry things. People have to still act like that. Oh no. People still act like that today. And Bo and, and when I go back in to eat, I mean, we are pariahs. I just feel like, and then the host guy who like, you know, seats, everybody is gay and he's side, it just, it was so uncomfortable. And I was like, I Did you explain yourself? We didn't do anything. No. There was nothing to explain. God. I just went to kind of awkwardly give us our food and I'm like, you guys are mad somehow at me. How much spit do you think you ate? Oh, so much. So much. Spit. Shitty food. Then I told that story on my radio show. It was funny. And somebody like messaged like the Yelp or whatever the thing, and they were like, that guy was being transphobic.


And we are, this is a welcoming restaurant who allows anybody in. It's like this. How is this the narrative of what happened there? They got you. They got me, me. They Got you completely Created around me. I wouldn't have cared if it was trans. I thought it was a straight couple fucking in a diner booth that I wanted to stop. Yeah. People are good at spinning a tail. If, and by the way, I said it's always the in-betweens too. In full disclosure. If the guy like had her, what I thought was the guy had that girl's like shorts to the side and I was watching him finger. I wouldn't have said a word. I would just sit there and just drank it all in. Interesting. It was just, it wasn't going hard enough. It wasn't soft enough or hard enough. It was Goldilocks right in the middle. And I don't want to see, I don't wanna see you guys dry hump while I'm eating either finger where we could all see or fucking take it down the road.


That's hilarious that they put that, put transphobia on. I mean, because you thought it was a guy. The whole diner when we went back in was like, oh, these intolerant people go, I don't care if that's a girl. It means nothing to me. They didn't see it. Also, maybe if they announced it was a girl out of the gates, I might not said anything either. It's just two chicks going at it thing. I'm like, look at these two wild motherfuckers. Right? You just thought it was crazy that it was a dude doing that. Yeah. That's funny. Isn't that funny? That's this episode is brought to you by Gopuff.


Does grocery shopping drive you nuts? The lines and the chaos and the inflated prices. Then you have all these third party delivery apps with their ridiculous fees markups. And you still have to wait hours for delivery. Well enter Gopuff, the game changer. They deliver snacks, groceries, alcohol, essentials, whatever you need straight to your door in just 15 minutes. And get this. It's cheaper than the store because Gopuff uses their own fulfillment centers. No middleman, no crazy markups. It's like Amazon. But for everyday essentials and way faster, Gopuff also just launched cheapest on the planet pricing. Think $2 organic eggs, $2 milk, $5 diapers, $10 Tide pods. It's insane. They're beating big grocery stores at their own game. So do yourself a favor. Download the Gopuff app on your phone. Use the code Rogan 20 for $20 off your order and experience. Faster, cheaper, better shopping. Trust me, you'll thank me later.


This episode is brought to you by Max.


Welcome to your new American dream. Get inside the lives of the original influencers and now global sports and entertainment superstars. Jake and Logan Paul as they launched their newest venture, a new family reality series, Paul American on Max. See behind the curtain of fame into the Paul's high octane lives with an up close and personal look at Logan and Jake. Their partners and parents love them or hate them. You won't be able to look away stream Paul American Thursdays exclusively on max.


Weird. It's weird how we look at that. Oh yeah. But I said, you get wrapped up in a thing and you're like, you're trans folk. You're like, that has nothing to do with any of this. It's a problem. Because that label you can just slap on someone. When you're talking about like male athletes that identify as women competing in girl sports. Like that's not transphobic. That's just we're talking about something crazy. Can I be trans weird? Is that a, is that a term could just be like, or it's like, I think that's weird that, that there's a, a six foot seven woman beating up an actual woman in a ring. There was some lady who was just arguing that there's no biological difference between men and women. Nice. I'm gonna send, I'm gonna send you this, Jamie, 'cause it's so kooky.


You're like, come on Doctor. Who You can't really think that this is true. This is No biological difference. There's no difference between men and women's strength. Pennsylvania State Senator said there's no biological advantage for men in women's sports or disadvantage for women in men's sports. This is, that's a woman. A woman said this. This is so crazy. I just sent it to you, Jamie. It's so kooky. You're like, come on. Look, I know you wanna believe this, but if you're gonna be on TV saying things, it has to make some kind of fucking sense. Female Bodies are just as strong as fast and capable as male bodies. I want all girls to know that there are elected officials like me who would never underestimate your ability to beat a boy at their own sport.


Because that's what the premise of this bill assumes. That female bodies are less than male bodies. For what reason other than political gain, are we spending time and taxpayer dollars on a completely made up issue. So female bodies are just as, That's so crazy to say. Guy hurt her. Well, she just got caught up in the woke bullshit. She lives in an echo chamber. Probably. All the people around her are all either in academia or in some sort of left wing fucking ideology. And they really believe that. And they believe that you should say that because if you're saying, if you're not saying that, you're saying women are less than men.


That's not what anybody's saying. Strength and speed and athleticism is not all of life. Well, You made the point. There's men that are less than men in different areas. Yeah, Of course. They're called coders. They're out there like, you know, they're in cells, they're online, they're, they're making apps. You know, there's a lot of different roles for people in this life. It doesn't make you a man just because you're, you can run faster than everybody else. But to say that men can't run faster than women is just, you're denying statistics in science and All the information that we have gathered forever. We have so much data. High school, 15-year-old boys beat the women's soccer team, the professional team. So shut the fuck up. This is stupid to say, this is stupid to say.


It's not transphobic, homophobic, it's not gender phobic. It's not misogynistic. It's just a fact of physical nature. But Also if you, if you hit the pinnacle, the the fight's over. Do you know what I mean? If you just go like, women's sports is highly attended, it's given the same amount of TV time, right. As men's sport and everything. It's like, yeah, not enough. Not really. Like Now I don't wanna, now I wanna be in men's sports also. Well, that's the craziest one. When the WNBA players want as much money as the W nb as the NBA players. No, the NBA actually generates extreme amounts of revenue. If the w somebody wrote a joke about it. The, the WNBA wanted what their just pay was. And so they, they owe $400 million. 'cause that's really what, how it balances out.


It's like a losing, it's never been profitable. Do you know what those, what those things? But like, allow, again, like it's like you're helping the one to hurt the many in so many things too. It's just like the, that video Shane showed me this years ago, the the blind kid playing football. It's like a little boy playing Pop Warner football and he's blind. And I'm like, who's this for? Like, you know, it, it's Like, where's your dad? Why is he letting you do that? Who is this for? Is he daredevil? And the kid gives a speech in the video. He gives a speech and he goes, he goes, A lot of people say blind people can't play football. And you're like, yeah, everybody. And you've never seen this video? No. This is maybe my favorite video on the internet. You have blind football, Jamie, if you could, this is, it's a 32nd video.


The song they pick for this is the, is the greatest thing in the world. So here's the thing about like the WNBA. If you love the WNBA, that's great. There's a certain amount of people that love the WNBA. It's great that women have a, an avenue for professional sports, but you only get paid as much as people are show up, willing to go to see you. And if they're not willing to go see you, I'm sorry. Because They wanna see dunks. This is, this kid's Annoying. It's that kind of confidence that continues to amaze people who watch Dylan play. Oh, This is so crazy. 'cause he doing all this Blind. Oh, this is so crazy. You know, I Can't see, and a lot of people think that I, that a blind person can't play football.


But this courageous youngster has proven those people wrong on the, What the fuck is going on. I mean, You can't play football by smell. Oh, it's impossible. That's so crazy. But it's, again, it's like what you're actually doing is making this game not fun for anybody else out there. Right. You can't hit the blind kid. No one's gonna hit the blind kid. And if you do, you're A dick. You're just running around. So you have one less player. For real. Yeah. It's Just like your, your, your team has decided to be on a handicap so you can get on the news. We used to play basketball on a story every Wednesday. And Nate Baraty one time brought his friend Nick Vicki, who's a little person comedian, and he brought him and we were like, oh, he's gonna play like, all right, I guess.


And we let him play and every time he'd get the ball, the defense would lay off him and let him shoot. And he'd make it or miss it. But it was what it was. And then he started, when everyone would lay off on defense instead of shooting the ball, he'd try to like run in, like do a layup and we're letting him, oh. He was like, until eventually Nate Bartzi of all people goes over and just cleaned his shot right into like the projects he just sent away. He is like, I can't just, we can't just let this happen the whole time. He like, it really becomes not fun for everybody. It was, there was a, when I was a kid, I remember very few stories, but there was a handful of like the girl that fought to get on the men's football team. Yeah. Football's such a violent sport that they let girls play it. They have to put 'em in lingerie because the lingerie football league is the only, it's the only visible women playing football sport.


Is that still around? I don't know. But I wanted to start taking like bets on it. That was a thing right? At one point in time. Oh yeah. And they hit Hit hard. Hit hard roller Derby Hit. Never saw roller derby. Left Roller Derby's. There's also buns in basketball where they have morbidly obese black chicks worth thongs and play basketball. I Haven't seen that. Oh, but roller derby like more let's buy a team. Like a really hardcore lesbian type activity. Right? Oh yeah. I would imagine. I would assume. Yeah. Yeah. Like Really get to bang in the chicks. Hardcore dyke bar girls with fucking weird tattoos. And there's like some element of wrestling to it also. It's like not fully real. Very aggressive. You know, they slam into each other. They get a fucking crazy Lingerie football. If you look up lingerie football's biggest hits. It's nuts. What Dave thought.


It's Not lingerie, but they, I saw that they made a deal for something. They air on ES ESPN two this year. This is like a women's tackle football league. Oh really? A championship game from last year. Wait a minute, these are chicks. Yeah. Come on. Go Back. That was a hell of a play. Whoa. That's nuts. Isn't that 30, 40 yard pass? Caught it. What? Oh my God. That's crazy dude. They look pretty good. Yeah, this looks better than WNBA. Maybe they found it. Maybe Women's tackle football is what's up. Because you're gonna see a lot of tackles. Oh yeah. Right. Yeah. I don't know if they get jacked up like they do in the like NFL and anything but, well They have to. They're running into each other. Well here's what's funny about this. These hits are pretty good, but they're wearing actual football pads.


Yeah. Lingerie football's biggest hits are They're wearing shoulder. Yeah. They're wearing shoulder pads and lingerie. They look like the fucking, like the legion of Doom. They fucking used to come out. Oh this Is Dude. Quite different. They whale each other. Do they really? Oh my God. I mean it's crazy. Well And titties never come out. That's cra They must have the things strapped down. That's Ouch. Ouch. I say these polyps are crazy. How Much staph infection is coming outta these fucking things? I'm seeing a lot of staff. I'm seeing a lot of staff happening in the future of these ladies. I mean they blast each other into the sides. You gotta Get scratched up bad. You're gonna get staff for sure. Whoa. But I will say right off the butt, The fact you get 22 girls on a field who are not fighting the idea of like, oh, so we just gotta dress like sluts to play football.


They just go, yeah, we're dress like lots of play football. Fuck it. It's not the same Thing. Why are they shamed? Yeah. And buns and ba If You can find buns and basketball the same, we should buy a franchise. Dude, I'll go sies with you. Oh Jesus Christ. Oh my God. There, there's a couple of BBLs In there actually. See if you can find the buns and basketball leg break. There's a girl who fucking, oh, she's a Paul George. Like fucking leg bridge. 'cause she's just fat and she just falls under the weight of her dribbling. Oh It's, how bad is it? It it, look, it's pretty gnarly. It's not the worst I've ever seen. It's not Tom sticker's arm bad. Oh that. It's a bad one. That was bad. That Was so bad When It's, 'cause when he pulls it back and it's flopped, it's the, it's the Anderson Silva retracting the flopped leg.


You know? You know his arm still is fucked To It's still, yeah, it's still not a hundred percent. Oh, I'd have to assume his grip is still fucked up. He had a bunch of nerve surgeries and shit. Yeah, That was gnarly. Dude. Imagine. And I just, if it, just imagine if anyone's playing defense. Maybe They're just going for a layup. It just pops. Oh, here we go. Oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Yep. Whoop. Yep. Oh. Oh God. It just snaps For buns and basketball of all things. Oh it just snapped. Oh my god. Hey, I could tell it's, it's gonna rain tomorrow. How do you know that Old buns and basketball injury? Bro, those are bad injuries. The femurs a real bad one because you gotta get blood flow to it.


Sometimes it takes a long time. Sometimes it doesn't fully heal. Yeah, I know a couple will be little broken femur. That's the most painful one. Yeah, I know a dude, Frank Muir, he was the UFC champion. Oh yeah, yeah, sure. Champion. He got hit by a car when he was on his motorcycle and he got thrown through the air and he was a giant fucking dude. He Came back too. It Took a long time for, he was like really back back. You know, like it took well over a year and a half, two years before he was really performing at the same level. I mean you'd have to ask him. Then He came and fought Brock. Right. He was like the right Of way. Yep. He fought Brock knee, knee bar him. Yeah. That was all after the accident. Yeah. Man. UFC really has straightened out your belief in other people from other sports saying like, I can come do Yeah.


Mixed martial arts. Very Few could ever pull it off. But Brock pulled it Off. I mean the, the funniest one for me was again just that blind belief I had in Kimbo slice. I don't know, I don't know why I didn't think that Roy Nelson would just hold him on the ground and mush his face until a referee was like, Hey, leave Malone. That's crazy. Well Kimbo, He's a tough motherfucker obviously. I mean, yeah, if he was fighting just standup only, he's very dangerous. Like if he was involved in like if bare knuckle boxing was around back then, he would've been a huge star of bare knuckle boxing. Yeah. He would've fucked a lot of people up. Bare knuckle boxing. But once you add in the wrestling and Kimbo had a bunch of knee injuries from football And you know, it's, you can't really grapple at full capacity with knee injuries and learn grappling at 35 or however old he was.


Yeah. But dude, kudos to that guy for having the courage to actually just get into the UFC Ultimate Fighter. That's crazy. Oh yeah. With very little grappling against Roy Nelson was a juujitsu black belt. Henzel Gracie Black belt. Like Roy Nelson's fucking legit on the ground. He was great Big Country. He was so fun. He was so heavy too because he big, big old belly knows to hold people down and he Was like, he would shut out Burger, can you go to Burger King after the fights and stuff? Yeah. He also could fucking punch dude, that guy could punch. He had, well some of the craziest one punch knockouts ever. What Is that? Does that career amount to like does, is he sitting on money now like a guy like that? Or is he like, I Don't know, I haven't talked to Roy in forever. I don't know.


He wound up fighting for a bunch of different organizations. You know, he left when he left the Ooc. I think he fought for Bellator. But that guy had some crazy highlight. He knocked out Shab. One shot he knocked out. Oh yeah, that's right. We knocked out a lot of people. Dude. He, he connect on people. They would go night night. Yeah, it was nuts man. He knocked out so funny with Brenda own, he knocked out a lot of fucking big tough dudes. When anybody comes at Shaw, I'm always like, it's not even the the wins he's had more than, I'm like, this guy's not afraid of you. Like he's been punched by like the best and like I promise you, whatever you think he thinks you can do to him, it's not as bad as that. He's been beaten up by world champions and he is knocked out world champion.


He knocked out Merkel cro cop, which was crazy. Like Merkel Crow cop. Yeah. Back in the day was the fucking man. Sure. He was like the first A robot Elite kickboxer to really excel in MMA. He was the first guy to show all these other strikers that you don't even know what you're talking about. When he started fighting in Pride, it was like, this is another level. He would kick people in the body and you would see like there's a photo of him, Keith kicking Keith Herig and his fucking shin is halfway into his rib cage. It's so nasty when you look at the photo of it, you just go, the amount of power that that guy could generate in his kicks. Like there was nobody like that before him. In kickboxing or in MMA rather.


I felt so bad the first, that first UFC coming back during quarantine was so important to everybody. I dunno if it was the first one or the second one that came out, but that was when I was like, man, you gotta really pick your timing and when you're gonna shout out what you're dedicating a fight to because there's that poor guy, like he lost a stepdaughter and then he came out like wearing the shirt of the stepdaughter passed away. Oh yeah. And it was all dedicated to her. I mean you can see as Alistair Oim beat him into submission with punches. Yeah. The referee was even kind of going like, come on man, please try to fight back. Right. I said the, and Alistair Oim should have been like, it's okay everybody. I was also fighting for his step-daughter. I'm like, yeah.


Yeah. It's Tough. I mean, but to shout that out, like It's Tough before. Yeah. It's, it's a lot Of weight On YouTube. Those are great. YouTube compilations, the cocky fighter comes in the ring to get to lose. Oh There's always like the guy pushes the guy at the weigh-ins and start shit at the weigh-ins and gets knocked unconscious. There was one, a guy came in the UFC cage, I forget who it was, but the way he entered the ring, like he did a thing where he hung on the outside of the cage and like swung into the ring and did some crazy like move and then just like, it was like an immediate knockout. It was like a 30 seconder. Well it's like you planning to talk to J-Lo, you just gotta let things happen. Let things happen. You can't plan, You can't plan things out. Things happen. The inauthenticity of your planning will come to haunt you.


Yeah. Also, the shit you talk through life is also in broadcasting. As you start to get, guests sort starts to haunt you. It's like the thing like Howard Stern had to make a gazillion apologies, I assume by the time he the the guest he got on. 'cause we've done it, man, we fucked up so bad. We came in one day, we saw Brett Michaels in the Fishbowl. It was when me and Soda were doing the show. Still the fishbowl. What's the fishbowl of Sirius xm? It's like there's a studio that you could see into right in the front there. Oh. Where they'll do performances and stuff. Oh, okay. And we were up in the, in the fishbowl one time we saw Brett Michaels when we came in talking to somebody and then we go on air and almost like for the bit, we're like how do we never get offered these guys? There's always like celebrities here and they weren't even brought to us as we can get them. That's so fucking crazy.


And I go right now as we speak, Brett Michaels is out there and then we said something about like, like his bandana being attached to his hair and like, and I think Soder said like they lower his, his bandana hair onto him like Darth Vader. He just sits there and they lowered and then they come back and they go, he said he is willing to come in. So, oh no. Then he comes in and he's lovely. This guy was making future promises with us of what Stuffy wants to do with us and hang out and come be a part of his summer festival and broadcast from there. 'cause he loves us so much. But his manager was listening the whole time and he said as soon as he left the studio they went, those guys are not your friends. And you're like, ah Shit.


Fuck shit. He's gotta understand They didn't know you. That's what it is. I've been, now they know You Cory Fel they fucking shit. It's natural. Cory Feldman hates my guts. And it's like, what'd You do? Well I've never nonstop talking about him. Yeah, I've seen the video. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We've never stuck on his dancing. Oh yeah. Do you hate on his dancing? Yeah, maybe it's getting better. We're Not even hating on it at all. I love it. I want to do nothing different. And I wish they tried. He tried to have us not allowed at his show and he opened for Limp Bizkit Not allowed. Yeah. And this head of security was a fan. He came over to me and Bobby Kelly and he was like, yeah. He goes, he was asking if you guys were coming. I said, yes. Then he asked if he could know where you were. Then he asked if we could not let you in. And I was like, well they're not doing anything. They're not threatening you or anything.


They're coming to watch a show. And he was like, well, can I at least know where they're sitting at? And he goes, it'll be wherever the most excited people are. And son of a bitch. Were we, I mean we were a sprout of grass on a dirt field of people. I mean we were the only ones we were hyped. I know All the words. He's the best. Best. But I did, that was the genius of Howard Stern that I fucked up when I started getting into broadcasting. I broadcasted always like it was gonna be me talking to a friend or friends shooting the shit. Right. Not that you're gonna come across these people. So I would've played more what Howard Stern was always great at. It's like, take the lunatic. But he's always gonna be like, no I you're great dude. You're the best. And let the world make the joke.


Right. Instead, like I go at it. But I was like, man, I would've loved to just have Cory Feldman come in bimonthly to do, Hey, you got a new song. Play it dude. I'll bite my fucking finger. Well I Poor Corey. Poor Cory. The thing, the thing about Corey that really does bother me, like legitimately We were so happy. Oh this is him. Let me hear this. He yells at his band. It's such a weird, At the guitar solo, he doesn't know how to play the guitar.


That's so crazy. But He just does a solo, How can you do a guitar solo if you don't know how to play a guitar? Does he actually not know how to play a guitar? Like do you know how to play? No, no, no. But I, you don't have to to know how to play to know. He does not know how to play. I could do what he's doing for sure. But then here's what he did. I, you know, I don't know what the trickle back is, but I said after that was going viral, the guitar, I was like, why doesn't this guy just come out and say like, like if he's kinda like, no, I get it. I get the joke too. Like then it kind of, it's like puts people in there and stops 'em in their tracks. And then he kind of did that. He came and he goes, Of course it's the worst guitar solo ever. Of course that's why I'm doing it. Like it's funny and it's like, no. And Fred Durst came out to watch him do it to prove he was doing it.


'cause Fred Durst is smart. Like Howard Stern, he makes him think he's his friend. But he's a way bigger enemy than I could ever be to him. Because he's going like, dude, go make an ass of yourself in front of all these people. He's a young star guy that grew up to become a man and they're all weird. There's no way you could be a star at six years old and come out normal. You don't have a normal life. It's impossible. Is there nobody, I don't think there's one. Everyone that I've met, I mean there's some really talented people like Miley Cyrus and people that were childhood stars that are cool to talk to and, but they struggle. It's a struggle. All of 'em struggle. Everybody struggles. Punky Brewster's probably fine right now. I don't know. I don't even know what that is.


Punky Brewster, you don't remember that show? I don't remember. So Leo Moon Fry, she had the biggest titties when we were kids. Oh Yeah, that's right. She Made a great documentary a few few years back. That's right. But didn't she became like a mom and got outta the business. Yeah, You can do that. But if you want still Oh you're Saying if you try, if you're still, if you're still clamoring for the fame. Yeah, but he, I don't, I mean, I don't know how many people came out of the fame as a young person and were fine. But the people that stay and keep doing it, they're not fine. Most of them. I mean I maybe there's a few, I mean, I'm not saying it's impossible to do, but I'm saying the challenge of becoming a normal person with like a normal view of the world when you know you're getting doted on when you're six.


Yeah. And you're the money maker in the house when you're a little kid. Like your parents stop working to manage you like that kind of shit. I Like those Carter kids. I mean that's brutal. Aaron Carter kid was Yeah. Lost. He was doing gay porn at the end. Not gay porn, but like gay like cam stuff. Oh really? Yeah. Oh. Just whacking off on camera with face tattoos. Didn't he have Like a boxing match against Lamar Odom? He's post to it. I dunno if it ever ended up happening. I Think they did. I think they did. And it's so crazy 'cause he's like this skinny guy with like not a muscle on his body. And Lamar Oldman used to play for the WNBA. Isn't that true? Yes, they did have it. Yeah, it Did happen. Yeah. Lamar just beats the brakes off Of, I mean, you'd have to assume He's a performer, professional athlete.


The fact that, and Chuck Liddell is the fucking look at this size difference. This is so crazy. Look at him. He's trying to punch him. Aaron Carter's, he's letting him hit him. He's just kind of, he touches him once. He's like letting him hit him. Oh man. It's sad. It's sad to watch. It's almost like he, he looked like, oh there he hit him on the left hand. What's really sad about it is, is people is it's not just people watching you fight that that wigs me out so much. It's that there's something that knowing how to fight and the form of what you're doing looking any kind of good. Especially if you're fight street fights. I mean, when they devolve into like, you know, like men swinging like this, you're like, oh man, we really all suck at the end of the day at this.


Like, it's so hard to keep like a, a fighter's composure on a street fight. Oh, especially if shit's going down. Yeah. Unless you do it All the time. I remember watching these two guys fight in front of the comedy store and it was, it was across the street when the House of Blues was over there. So it was right in front in the parking lot. These guys start yelling at each other and blah, blah blah. And they get out like almost in traffic. They're like on the sidewalk, like right where the street tumbles out. And I see these two guys facing off and I see the white guy, there's a like a white guy and this looks like an outta shape African American fella. And the white guy starts swinging with his, almost like with his eyes closed and then the bus goes in between them so I can't see them.


And then as the bus goes back, the white guy's out Cold unconscious Flat on his back spread eagle. And the black guy's already running away. He's, he's out cold. They were just squabbling in front. And I don't remember how it was, I just remember this, I remember this. And then the bus and then out cold. Do you have to deal with, because I mean I know from like when Lewis was working with Bing and stuff and he'd go to Vegas, he'd be like, they were all surprised at how many drunk guys at the casino try to like give him shit. Oh there's A bunch of idiots. I was like, do people come to you All the time? It's like, you know, you know karate for real do Kind of thing. No mo if you hang out with enough drunks long enough, someone will just avoid those areas.


Yeah. It's just is drunk people. But if you're one of them and you're hanging out and you're drinking with people, yeah, there's a bunch. There's people used to get stupid with chocolate Dell and Chuck Liddell was the light heavyweight champion and he was the scariest fucking human on the planet. And people would get stupid with him. They're on Coke, they don't know what they're doing. They're outta their fucking Minds. Steve idea. You think you can win that fight? People are probably Jacked up, fucked up. They're all, they're crazy anyway. They're schizophrenic. People are, there's so many nuts out there in this world. Most thing about fighting too is endurance. That's what most people don't have. And then you gotta fight. If it's not over in 30 seconds, everyone's holding each other. Yeah. One of my favorite things I watch, I watch a lot of like body cam crime shit on YouTube. And there's one, it's a, it's a key west.


It's a couple. The guy's hammered. He essentially, he's got money for sure. This guy, he's just trying to like, you know, pay his bill with a library card or something where he is like, he doesn't know what's going on and he's barking at the staff and then someone on the staff pushes his face and then it breaks into this melee. But it's, you know, 50 something year old white people getting into a fight. And one guy gets him in a side headlock, useless. And then they both sort of fall down, the husband and this guy who intervenes and the guy who intervenes eventually puts his like legs, you know, puts in his hooks basically. But does do ni does nothing, doesn't choke the guy out.


Nothing. They're just kind of sitting there, two old exhausted guys. 10 minutes later at least they get up and they kind of have like the, you're a pussy, you're pussy kind of thing. And they leave. Then it cuts back to the, the cops outside and they wanna talk to the guy who intervened. Not mad at him, they just wanna get his side of the story. What happened? And this guy is so, he's just an old man and the cops are questioning him and they, they start to lose their patience. 'cause he just wants to keep telling his hero story. And he just watched what happened. There's just two old men holding each to the ground. He goes, guy came outta nowhere and punched me. And I grew up doing this shit, man. So, you know, I told the guy, I go, you, you got two ways this can go tonight, man. Oh no. He goes, you could, you can knock it off where I could beat the fuck outta you.


He's Telling this to the cops. Yeah. If he might be able to find, we're very classy body cam. We're very classy people. Maybe, hopefully you could fight it, but it's, but when he's telling the cop, then he goes, he's like, I told him I could beat the fuck out. He goes, all right, so then you were able to like subdue. He's like, yeah. He goes, I took him down. And I'm like, he goes, I don't want a problem with you. And I go, you, you want no parts of what I'm about to bring to you, my man. And it's all this, none of this happened. You just watched the video where you just grabbed him. They felt they flopped on the ground and laid there exhausted for 10 minutes while the, while the lady screams it's nothing. And it's just like, just a guy talking with that, that belief.


Yep. That's it. So this is the video. Give, lemme see some action. So that's, that's just them getting on the ground and he just puts his hook. Gimme volume. Well, will we get in trouble? Will we lose the YouTube rights? What happens? Every step is those guys. Okay. Don't, don't, don't gimme any volume then needed yet. So that's them. You can always fast forward. Yeah. They just stay there and eventually get up and have like the hands on each other. Yeah, they're up now. Wait, no, no, no. It's right after the video, But we're not gonna be able to play it. Oh, you can't play the audio? No. They'll, they'll fucking get us on YouTube. I think it's the one without that. Yeah. If you're commenting on it, it's commentary. Are you allowed to?


It depends. It's We're talking It's this guy, huh? Yeah, I probably got punched some. Yeah. Too big. Jumped out of nowhere giving shit to their employees. And I just said, Hey, you mind if I just it off right here? Yeah. Okay. So were you the first one to go ahead and grab him to try water? Well, no. Also my, I was probably the first guy. These guys fucking with the waitresses, dude, what are you doing? The guy fucking punched me. I said, dude, you don't want to get into this with me. I grew up doing this shit and I said, don't do it. I drug him to the ground. I said, you, you got two options, either stop or I'm gonna beat the living fuck outta here. Okay. So I said, that's how it's gonna go. And he said, I want a problem with you.


I said, you, you, you want nothing to do with what I'm gonna bring to you. I Bet, You know? And then, Oh yeah, no, it's right there. And then he goes, there's only one more thing where the, the cop cuts him off. So you were on the ground with him holding onto him? Yep. I held onto him and said, until he just Said, yeah, right there. The cop cuts him off. He doesn't wanna hear what he says anymore. He goes, so you were able to get him on the ground? He goes, got him on the ground. And I said to him, he goes, Hey, you had him on the ground. Like, stop telling us your, I mean, it's the way this guy speaks. It's like the Baito code states that if the weapon is drawn, it must taste blood before put away. This is hilarious. White people fighting. That's what this is. It's Hilarious. And it goes nowhere Where no one's going to the ground, what's going on? This is a lie.


Oh, here. Now they're on the ground, But he's a guy drug him on the ground. Really? The husband drags him on the ground. Technically. Yeah. It's a disaster. But telling us, my friend Justin Silver used to have my favorite joke about that kind of personality though. He is like, he's, he goes, I'm a liar. He goes, I lie about everything. And he was like, I'm the guy who like, you know, gets into a situation with somebody in the street and then I don't do anything. And then I Go home, shadow box and call my friends and tell 'em All the things that I wish I did. Like it actually happened. And his wine was, if I did All the things I told my friends I did, my name would be Indiana Bon Jovi. Balboa. When you're a kid and you, you have a situation like that happen the rest of the day, you play it in your head like, what I should have said, oh man.


Yeah. Oh, I wish I had another chance. I would've said, well fuck you because this and that. Those, it's the Worst of those. And when it goes away. Yeah, Internal dialogue, things like for the rest of the day, what should I have said? And you like, plot it out and plan and scheme. I'll Find them again. One day. One day. I'm gonna Tell, I'll find that asshole that I've done dumb things though, where it's like, I don't even with no real trained preparation for any of these situations, but like, I also, when I, I always had a car and when you're younger and have a car, it's destroying you financially usually like it how much it cost to have a car anyway. So it means a lot to you no matter how shitty it is. So when people would fucking hit my car, so New York's a big thing with that. You know, you stop short and a pedestrian just like, You know, slaps in front of your car or something.


Dude, to This Day I would get irate by that. To this day, I think about one guy, I had a little Honda, CRX and I was driving in New York and I was making my way into this intersection and I got stuck in between lights and then people started walking and I tried to find like some space where I could not be in the intersection and there was a nice gap. And so pe this guy wasn't close to the car. So I started moving forward and he whacks my fucking car with a briefcase. And I was like, I'm gonna pull over. I'm gonna put this guy in the hospital. I just this crazy wild thought, like, I'm gonna pull over and I'm just gonna go smash this dude. And I said, no, just drive. Just drive. Just drive. And like for years I would think about that guy.


Yeah. For years, this arrogant cocksucker hitting my car with a fucking briefcase. I have. It's what's, it's what unites me and Louis, we both have a, a crazy need for justice. It's so, it's why I like those stupid revenge movies. It is. I just, It's just so it's that, it's the thing. It's like the guy who did that thing. I have like a I bet he won't do that anymore. Yeah, I bet he won't do that anymore after I've sorted this situation out. But I mean, it's so dumb. Like, it's so dumb. I mean, it's A dude thing too. Getting outta Outta the car. I mean, one time so early when I was coming to New York and I, my what became my ex-wife, we was just dating at the time in a car driving a Saturn guy trying to impress two girls he is with.


And he goes by just like slaps the front of the car and it stay, and then they walk into Washington Square Park and I like am just stewing in it. Like I barked some shit out the window. No, no, no for seconds I'm stewing in it. And then I pull over with my new girlfriend, I go wait here. And she goes, what? And then I begin to run after this guy into the park. What I'm not thinking about is as I'm running, when I finally find this guy on the other side of Washington Square Park, I turn around, dude, he could have pushed me over the feather. I was like, What's up motherfucker? You, you wanna fucking slap yours cars. And luckily I, I just scared him with my size I guess ultimately or something because like he didn't do anything.


But I was like, as soon as I got there and spun this guy around, I'm like, I'm done. I'm so exhausted from running. I never run. I sprinted to find him without thinking that I'm giving all my energy to that run. And I'm like, You need like a half hour to Recover. You just fucking hit my car man. And he was like, luckily like apologetic and like, whoa dude, I don't want any trouble. You're like, Fucking ain't right. Fucking ain't, you don't want any trouble. It's a, I Took 10 extra minutes walking back to the car, leaving my girlfriend in the car because I didn't want her to see how heavy I was breathing. I either, we get it all back together and just come back to the car and be like scared that pussy Such a, a dumb thing to do.


'cause you could do it to the wrong guy. I watch this, Of course my instincts are terrible on it. 'cause I do, I don't get out thinking like, and then as soon as someone would pull out a gun, I'd be like, none of this was worth it. I just slapped my car. Every now and then you'll see someone do something stupid and the person they're doing it to actually knows how to fight. Those are very satisfying. So satisfying. Yeah. There's a one with cops. Check the Terrence McKinney, the UFC fighter. Sure. Put it up on his Instagram page today. So this cop tries a shitty double leg on this guy and the guy knew how to fight and the guy sprawls and the cop tries to hit him and the guy cracks him and the guy tries to tell him, Hey stop. And then the cop watch this like, look at the cop shoots a shitty double nice sprawl. Look at this.


Pushes him off. He's got him in a headlock. Lets him go cop punches. Bam. Drops him with one shot, hits him a couple more times, hits him again, rocks him. The cop is cop's getting rocked. Jesus Christ. And the guy wasn't doing anything, he was just arguing with the cops. I don't know if that is a cop, is that a cop? It's some kind like security. Some security something. He's got a badge and he's getting wearing white gloves too. White gloves. The gloves are, he gets his dukes up, like both of them. He had some training, but he massively overestimated his ability. Look, look at this shitty double leg. Lemme see the show me that shitty double leg again. Watch this shitty double leg. Look at that terrible, no drive at all.


Scared of the concrete. So he is trying to double leg without his knees going to the ground. He doesn't wanna really drive forward. There's a great video of a very in-shape cop and he's going at it with a teenager who's really talking shit. And he is like, he's like a WY kid doing like a yo man, what's take off that badge, you know what's up? Take off that badge, take off the vest, boy, You know what's up. And he keeps going to him and the, and the cops actually like, Hey, you keep balling up your fists, man. Like what are you doing? Just relax. Like, I'm just, what are you doing here? I'm just seeing who everybody is, you know, he's like, yeah, you know what's up pussy, take that vet. And he just, when he gets in his face one time, he just grabs him by the shoulders, puts his foot behind, I mean, places him on the concrete and how fast the like, oh, okay, okay.


Whoa, we got a little nuts back there. Huh? I saw that one. Good. Yeah, those are fun. Well kids are just, And fat women getting tasered. That's my other favorite thing. I bet that young man was under 25. Oh no doubt. His brain was mush. No doubt. And then, but it was funny, when they come to come back and they go, I was being crazy back there. That's Why they send those young boys out to war Because they're all fucking piss and vinegar. All piss and vinegar with a non fully deformed brain. Yeah. Non fully Deformed brain. These fucking I'll Take That gun and here's some meth. Let's fucking go. There was a guy in the audience last night, we did story wars at mothership and there was a guy in the front who's, where's a brace around his body? Like we asked him why he was stabbed in Afghanistan, hand to hand combat. Oh Jesus Christ. It was a gunfight.


And it ended up being hand to hand combat. He said he beat he knocked the guy down, didn't confirm that he was out. And then when he took his attention away, the guy reached up and said, stabbed him. Oh, right in the fucking chest basically. Jesus. Pretty wild Christ. And we were like, and we're looking at this guy, we go in Afghanistan when he was, he was 18 happened. He was 18. Wow. I think he said the 16-year-old was the kid. The kid who stabbed him was 16. Jesus Christ. It's such a wild thing. It's intense. It's A little too intense. Don't get in fights kids. That's our message. Right. If you can avoid it, Abso I've avoided all of them. I I try to, I got a thing, a road rage thing where I knocked a guy out.


He wasn't very big and I basically got outta the car and he was right away, didn't wanna do anything and I mushed his face, he was drunk and I kept mushing his face until he would throw a, a drunken punch. And then I hit him and I caught him. Only time I'm in a fight in my life where I caught him first shot and he literally like folded on the ground. And then I got in my car, drove away with my current girlfriend Christine. And when we, we got like a few blocks away, my, you know, my adrenaline started going down and I was like, and so jokingly almost, I just look at her and I, I kissed my bicep like one shot and she goes, she goes, she was like really pissed. Like she didn't think it was funny or anything and I was like, but it wasn't even like kind of hot that I just knocked that guy out with one shot.


And she was like, no. Like what if you killed him? Like his head bounced off the ground like what it's all for. What? And I was like, man, that is a great point. I guess it's a real good point. I'm like, what a great fucking point because I might even, I'm walking away from that like, hey, I didn't even get touched and I got sweet, beautiful justice. You know the way I'm always searching for. And she was like, nah, what if you killed him? And I'm like, yeah, there is a point there for Sure. I don't often think about that with that guy in front, front Yourself getting killed. What if you'd kill somebody? Oh Yeah, for sure. Yeah. He never punched somebody in the face on the concrete. If you can like a, a good trained fighter probably punch you in the body. Yeah. Just 'cause they don't wanna go to jail forever. One of Kevin Gem James friends went to jail for like seven years. He was a bouncer at a nightclub in Long Island. Knocked a guy out, the guy falls, hits his head, dies happens.


Yeah. But didn't, like didn't Harry Houdini get killed from a gut shot? Something Like that? Yeah. Like a punch to the stomach. He died days later. Yeah because like an organ busted. You never think about that. You wanna give everything you got to a face punch and then you're like, boy I sure hope I don't blind him forever. These are all things could happen. All things that could happen. Alright Jay, I love you to death. Let's wrap this bitch up. Can I plug Up? Yeah, please do my stuff. My first half of double crowd work special. Let's go Them is currently out second half. They is coming at four 20. All done at, at the Denver comedy work. So thank we're almost at 1,000,001 Of the best fucking clubs on earth. That club rules. That club is so great. It's so good. Well You guys do the same thing everyone's facing forward.


Yep. And yonder bags. Oh Yeah, I thought about that when I was designing my club. I was almost gonna do the seats like she has 'em when they're all locked down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Wendy's the best. Shout out to Wendy. We love her. Alright, Thank you brother. Thank you. Bye everybody.


This episode is brought to you by Paramount. Plus your next Family Crime Saga obsession is coming This march to Paramount Plus Mob Land, an explosive new series from the underworld of Guy Richie Stars. Tom Hardy Pierce Brosnan and Helen Mirren go inside the Harrigan crime family who will stop at nothing to ensure they come out on top in a war that threatens to topple empires and destroy lives. Don't miss the new episode of Mob Land Now streaming on Paramount Plus.