
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night. All day. I have these shades. You know why I'll save this gold? Hold On. 'cause the future's so bright. You gotta wear shades. Oh, nuclear war. The flash. You have 59. Oh yeah. It's good protection. I heard get under the table as well. You remember that in high school? They did they do that in your high school or you younger Than me? No, they Okay. Yeah. From 47. So Get under I was, I'm 10 Years old. Yeah, they did that too. Oh yeah. Yeah. They told you get under the table like they did Surprisingly long. It's like a mask for covid. It's basically the same thing. Like Yeah. That is not working. Getting under the table is so dumb.


It's a fucking nuclear blast. That annihilates buildings. You're saying getting under my stupid desk with the clamshell. Remember those desks with the clamshell? It's the only shot. Yeah. That's when my first, first, first desk I had is a, it's the only shot we got. Now I saw Indiana Jones get in a fridge on that, on the, yeah, that was good news. Where was he at Trinity. I dunno. You test and he got in the fridge. What the fuck? They really made them things back then. You know what The fuck you imagine being those guys in like the Manhattan Project when they first do it and they first detonated it and they're like, what in the holy fuck. Yeah. Well, they kind of didn't know what was gonna happen. Right. They didn't know there was a less than zero chance that it would burn up the entire atmosphere of the earth instantaneously.


And all life would be over. Well, the chance we've got to take They Took it. They just took It. Yeah. I wonder if it was bigger than they thought it was like, I wonder what, so like no one had ever seen a nuclear explosion before. Those people did. I wonder? Too close. Well, they definitely weren't really far away. Right. I know a few of 'em. They watching from they people were too close. Well, you know, the real problem is the area where they did it is radioactive forever. Like they, they did a bunch of these tests out in the desert and then John Wayne and his crew went out there, all got cancer. Yeah. My voice back. Exactly. Genus Kahan. Yeah. You know, which is a terrible movie. I, it's one of the most amazing because it's cursed from the gate. Yeah.


And It's probably cursed by Genis Kahn. I'm, I hope it was. And if you're gonna make a bullshit version of one of the most fascinating human beings that has ever lived a bullshit version of their life, it would be a John Wayne movie from the 1960s. It's, I look at it, Was it even the sixties? Was it the fifties? Is that the original whitewashed movie? Well, not white. No, not whitewashed, but the like, you know, Jada Pink and Smith made Cleopatra where it's like Cleopatra's Black and on Netflix And it was like, it was like, she clearly sees Cleopatra as her and it's like a suck up to herself. And John Wayne, I'm sure was thinking that with Genis Kahan Genis Kahan was 65.


Yeah. So that's like Jada Pink. Oh, It says 56. The conqueror. Yeah. This is the same. Well, what was the, hold on, what was the 65 1 different movie? Who did that one? Is that John Wayne? No. Oh, Omar Sharif. Okay. Closer. So they've done a few of the Yeah, you're getting a little closer with Omar Sharif. But even then you should be getting a guy from Mongolia. I mean, if you want me to believe that it's Genis Kahan you, you find a guy in Mongolia. There's gotta be A guy. You can act. I don't, I want to Acting's Not that Hard. I don't want you to believe, I want you to identify with him and see yourself reflected. That's John. There's John Wayne vocally wanting to see himself reflected in the story of Genghis Ka. Do you think so? I think it was all these A giant movie.


Yeah. And they offered him a shit ton of money. And he's a giant movie star. It's not His project. And there was only like five movie stars back then. Was it John Wayne's project? Personal project. Oh, you know what, maybe I'm wrong. Can I take off my, my Trump one piece? You can do whatever you want. One piece is really hot. Now I put this on the You put It on over your clothes though. That's the problem. I put it on over my shirt because I, I want the great job. Where did you get so far? Where did you hit that thing Out there? Every time I come, Jamie has a box of bizarre merch. Somebody said this back. Okay, lemme tell you. I put this on to celebrate. I told Jamie because Hawk Tua has been pardoned. Oh, has she? This is, are you joking? Finally, finally. Julie Assange only took, what did it take?


20 years. Wait A minute. Are you serious or are you joking? I'm dead serious. It's not a part. But the SEC said no charges. Same. Okay. So is that because she didn't have anything to do with the crime? Or is it because there wasn't a crime? What is It? There's a crime, I don't think. But Is it a crime? Is it illegal? This is the question with all this like fake money stuff. This is why it's so confusing if you have these meme coins and people are genuinely making millions of dollars from real meme coins. But it's, it's still, it's kind of bullshit. It's kind of a fake money. Yeah. And anybody can kind of make it and then sell it. Like there's no rules, right? Like You can dump, you can dump it. Right. Did I tell you my buddy was making, they wake those AI slaves that they stack to make like memes and coins.


A lot of these guys live in Puerto Rico or like Dominican Republic because of taxes. Yeah. So the guys that make those coins, they refer people who buy those coins as degenerate gamblers. Right? Because that's what they are. So that's all it. I mean you could say it's why is the stock market less degenerate GAMBLER than that? I guess because I don't know why. Maybe you get backed up on certain investments by the government because there's a little bit more fake regulation. I don't know. It is kind of crazy that it's based entirely on information and confidence about a company. And it can go up or down depending upon who like the CEO gets caught sleeping with or what new environmental laws Come out. It sounds like magical is what it sounds like.


It's Crazy. And your whole, like in 2008 when everything just crashed, there was this dude who lived next to me, this, this, I had a lot next to my house in California. And this guy wanted to build a house. And it was the saddest fucking thing man. Because this was like in 2012 when we were living there, this dude was raking his lawn. And so I went over just to talk to him. There's no, there's no house there. And the dude would just like clean up brush and shit. He was like a responsible landowner. And he wasn't, didn't even have a property on a house on it. And I said, are you gonna build here? Because I knew you were gonna build here a while back, but we never heard anything. And he's like, I lost everything in the crash. He goes, I saved up all my life working.


I I had this dream to build this house on this. And the, the property was really beautiful. It was like on the top of the hill, like looking down on this valley. It was a, it would've been an amazing place to like finally die. Right. You know, get to the, this guy was old man And it was just like super bummed out, man. This Is a real John Steinbeck story you got. 'cause it's all just based, it's all just based on, on like it's not gold. Right? It fluctuates. Companies can go under the stock market can crash. Yeah. The money can disappear. It's like it's not stable. It's a wild gamble.


Some would call it Babylonian money magic. I wouldn't, But it's so nuts that that's what our economy is based on. Instead of like, why Is that so nuts? Actual assets. I Even crazy about it. But it's so, it's so crazy that you can do the meme coin thing where you can just have like, okay, let's just have almost no rules and just go buck wild and have cock coin and have cock coin trading for, you know, $150 a coin. It's a bunch of nerds that some of the nerds are smarter than the other nerds. Yeah. But they all think they're smarter. They, that's how it get tricked is because the on HK deal coin, I ask coffee, ill next time he's here, but I'm pretty sure the people that got scammed thought they were gonna get out early.


Like they had been sold. And I, I know this has to be illegal. They were sold the idea that they were the initial, You know, the whatever, the early bird, early bird And hell, they can't pull the rug on You. And they weren't. Yeah. And they weren't 'cause they had gotten in on the ground floor. So that's why I think that if I had to guess where the big fraud is. Right. But she's like George Foreman with his grill. Like George Foreman didn't make a grill. Right. I told you Howie, she's just 22 years old. That girl probably knows almost nothing about the Economy's Jack shit. I know almost nothing. And she probably knows less than me. Howie Mandel's son-in-law is the guy behind Hawk tool coin. What I told you last time. His name's DJ something. Did you DJ la or So much information. When I talk to you, when I get a text message from you, I always take a deep breath. I know. Well you sometimes go.


Yeah.


This episode is brought to you by Paramount. Plus your next Family Crime Saga obsession is coming this march to Paramount Plus Mob Land. An explosive new series from the underworld of Guy Richie Stars. Tom Hardy Pierce Brosnan and Helen Miran go inside the Harrigan crime family who will stop at nothing to ensure they come out on top in a war that threatens to topple empires and destroy lives. Don't miss the new episode of Mob Land Now streaming on Paramount Plus.


This episode is brought to you by blinds.com. Do you, you know, the right window treatments aren't just about privacy. They could actually save you some serious cash on your energy bills too. But is it really worth the hassle? It's a lot of waiting for some pushy salesperson to come to your house with. An overpriced quote sucks. Right? Well say goodbye to all that nonsense because blinds.com has revolutionized the game. Blinds.com lets you do a virtual consultation with their award-winning design experts. Whenever you have time, no pushy sales rep in your home, just hop online and blinds.com will send free samples right to your door. How cool is that? Whether you're a do it, do-it-yourself beast or you prefer professional installation blinds.com has you covered. And guess what? You can get your entire house done for one low price, no hidden fees, no showroom markups. What you see is what you pay. Now I get it. Ordering online can be sketchy, but not with blinds.com. They've covered more than 25 million windows and they've got a 100% satisfaction guarantee. blinds.com is hooking up my listeners with an exclusive $50 off. When you spend $500 or more, just use the code rogan@checkoutatblinds.com. Go to blinds.com and use the promo code Rogan Limited time offer rules and restrictions apply. See blinds.com for details.


What do we Got, by the way? That thing you're saying? Were you just describing the market right now? Yeah, I was just chuckling like, oh yes, but social security is the biggest Ponzi scheme. Not that shit. Social security's the word. That's the one that we gotta tackle that scheme. Not All the other things such as what you just described. Pretty well, I think. Okay. So what are the big problems with social security? Let's lay it out. As seen by Kurt Metzger Pe Well, people are gonna want it 'cause they paid into it. Entitled. That's a problem. I see. Gotta get in there Ca. Dude, why are you Steve Bannon is a hundred percent right. He said it on Jimmy's show about Trump. 'cause Trump said he is not gonna touch it. All these pricks on both sides want to cut that out.


And I, and then they wanna have, you should have the freedom to invest you into the stock market or like a 401k. You know the things that sometimes are like HK to a coin that don't pay out. Social Security has never missed a payment to anybody. That's, that's probably to a fault because I'm sure there is fraud. 'cause it's never missed a payment. So why don't you go get the fraud out of it. Okay. I'm, I'm actually like irritated thinking about it. 'cause we played Howard Lutnick. Did you ever see that guy Howard Lutnick? It's Trump's commerce secretary. I wanna say talking to who the hell is he talking to about why social? He goes, if my mother-in-law, my he's 95 didn't get her social security tax. She's not gonna call and complain.


Really? Billionaire guy. Your mother-in-law will be fine. I did hear someone say that. I saw it written down Great. Pick Trump. I didn't see him say it, but just, there's no way to do that. Right? Like to, to look at that statement. The most charitable way. Do you know people are living barely. There's so many people. If you're on social security, you're, you're getting a very small amount of money. You're on a very fixed income and that you're owed. And if you don't, if you miss a month, that's a big fucking deal, man. Yeah. And you're old and you don't need that kind of stress in your life. You know, if you're old as fuck and then all of a sudden your social security stops, that's fucking terrifying. Well, You know what the plan is by these prick oligarchs. What they want is so first Doge. So just everybody freaking out about Doge and which you, you're such a like, uninformed Doge is not gonna be anything.


I got news for everybody. Ask Thomas Azzie, that guy who's right. That continuing resolution means everything got funded again until the next time when they're gonna do another continuing resolution. 'cause they said last time this is gonna be, this is what Massey explains. So everything's funded plus another 6 billion for the Pentagon. So people are freaking out. But there's nothing cut. But you know what? I bet they are gonna get to your entitlements. Wait a minute, They'll make sure to cut that. But they have cut Not Ukraine. Not Israel. Oh, God forbid. Or, well, They haven't even started with military. So, but just right now, like the USAID stuff, right. If they definitely have cut a lot, That's discretionary.


So that just means the money's still in the budget. But I don't know what it'll go all day. Israel. I have no idea what it means. It's discretionary. It's Discretionary. Wait a minute. So that means the programs are cut, but the money is still allocated somewhere else. Yeah. It's Still the, it is still up there in the blob going to whatever. Do you think they really made a Guatemalan gender non-binary musical? No. They didn they didn't. Somebody bought a gun or something. You know, that's what Happened. Of course. So, so right. Literally no change. And PE Wasn't a genius though, to call it usaid. 'cause you have to be for it. Well, it's like patriot act. I think this, this part should be the crime. 'cause it's USA id, right? Not us. But they color the a, the same color as the I and the D. Do they? Yeah.


So you think it's us A Oh, that's so dirty. But I, I didn't know. Is That really how they do It? Yeah. Us. Oh, so see the the deception on purpose with that. That's rude. Yeah. That's, that's Rude. It's U-S-A-I-D not that. Wow. More like US aids. Am I right? Talked to it. Yeah. It's like from the American people, which is like, It's so Tricky. Oh, good. Put my name on the evil shit. You Thank You. It's so tricky because USAID just seems like a great name for a real charitable org organization. Yeah. It sounds like very charitable. You know why it sounds so America? Because it's called usaid, but it's not for anyone here.


Right. But also you have to support all aids. Okay. If you're not, If You're not even thinking like no, no information in the news at all. If someone tells you, do you want to cut aid? You're a good person, you're gonna say no. Of course. We don't want to cut aid. Oh, this is usaid. They're gonna cut usaid. Like, oh my God, where do I sign? Well, as a guy, I wanna stop the We need aid. Everyone needs aid. Okay. But the leaders see, look, I'm cynical as a guy who's never been in politics, the way these people operate is where they're saying the exact opposite of the thing they just said. That's conscious. They're doing that. They're like, that's the game. You gotta just tell a complete lie and go completely back on it. Well, Even just the calling it USAID when it's the United States Agency for International Development.


Yeah. Like, wait a minute, what do you guys do? How about what the, how about the Patriot Act? When it's the US Department of Spying on your dick pics in your phone. How about that deception? How about all Of it? Are we keeping the Patriot Act? I know that. I hope that won't Be touched. Let's ramp it up. We needed a number three. We did. So two is just too weak these days. I, Joe, with All the cybersecurity risks. I got great news. Oh, this is my Timber Sycamore shirt. What is that? That's the operation where Obama started, you know, to put, to get rid of Asad, install an Al-Qaeda leader in Syria. Wait A minute, it has a T-shirt. No, I have a charity called Shirts for Kurtz where I, I take the names of operations. I go make me a t-shirt that I will wear around that looks like a band or something.


So I got some good, this guy fret pound, his name is sent this to me. He sent to the club. So What are you wearing? Timber Sycamore classified weapon supply and training program run by the United States Central Intelligence Agency and supported by the United Kingdom and some Arab intelligence services, including Saudi intelligence. Yeah. The aim of the program was to remove Syrian president Basher Alad from power launched in 2012 or 2013. It supplied money weaponry and training to Syrian opposition groups Fighting Syrian government forces. Al-Qaeda in the Syrian Civil War. There's a lot of Syrians in there. That's where we armed Al-Qaeda. So yeah. Any guys watch out there if you got, or gals you got any limbs blown off guard.


A poppy field for a warlord Al-Qaeda. We installed them. We're back together with them. We're cool again. So you don't have to shoot them if you see 'em. They're not all bad guys. Kurt Alqaeda. Cut 'em some slack. I Like What did M what did I send you something earlier today? Oh, I Didn't look at it. The Sean Wright thing About Yeah. About heroin.


This episode is brought to you by Kovas. You ever wondered if you could pull off a pair of boots? The answer is yes. You just need the right ones. Kovas crafts quality boots for everyone from lifelong cowboys to first time boot buyers. Handmade with over 200 meticulous steps. They're built for comfort from day one. Whether it's a long day or a big night. Kovas boots. Hold up and stand out. No compromises, just damn good. Boots right now. Get 10% off at kovas.com/rogan when you sign up for email and text. That's 10% off at T-E-C-O-V-A s.com/rogan kovas.com/rogan c site for details. Kovas, point your toes West.


I brought to light how we are sending 40 to $87 million to the Taliban for about a year now. It's more than that. I, I've mentioned it quite a few times and I've seen the back before the State Department said they accidentally gave them the money. Yeah. You know how we left the wrong way and left all our stuff and didn't dis We thought it was disabled, but it wasn't. Well that's the lithium triangle that that afghanistan's in. So I'm sure that's part of the deal. We give 'em all our stuff. Hey, they played a good game. Give 'em some helicopters and we, we can train terrorists there. 'cause most of the Islamists came from us or Saudis or Israel or Pakistan, most of them. And, and we paid them like a hundred million outta the State Department.


Maybe it was the us A u, usaid, I don't know. But a, a dude who showed me a video of it that he had, he wouldn't text it to me. He was like scared to text it to me. But this guy used to be a he international presidency. He showed me video of these Taliban guys. They made like a, like a fort out of American money. They made like a, like a way more than a chest eye wall of money. Jesus Christ. And so he wouldn't send it to me. But then two weeks later, the, it comes out in the news that they accidentally, so they slipped in the tru they slipped in that they gave it to them. But they have lithium there. 'cause that's the name of the game, right? I'm gonna say certainly this Sean Rod thing. Jamie. Okay. So he's so, he's right about that.


He could sorry for the long pause. Earlier. I was trying to figure something out. So he's right what he's saying. But I'm like, you weren't aware of this earlier, Sean as a guy that ran a cartel or whatever, that's where he came from. He's in Columbia running a drug network. They don't just let Americans do that unless they're like, you know, come on, you, You, well he was openly working for the government right when he was doing that. Oh, You don't think he was selling the drugs on behalf of the government? But what, what? I don't know what he's even admitted to Do it. It's a, it's a Kim By the way. I really like this guy. I know you have issues with him. I've show, I don't have Any personal issues With him. I like him a lot. Well, I don't have any personal issues. I think, I don't wanna say that he's a killer.


There's, There's guys that get into the military, start working for the government, become agency people get hired to do jobs all over the world. And I know a bunch of 'em and they're some of the most interesting people I've ever met. A hundred percent. But they don't agree with the way things are being run. And if they've done that and then they step out and then they start talking about it like Sean Ryan, you gotta kind of like, that Makes total sense. Yeah. That I, that everything you're saying is perfectly reasonable. Now I remember when the Tesla, the guy who blew up his own Tesla outside of Elon's. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He had this like skull and he was like, oh, we just got word that I got this email and then, and all of a sudden, next thing he's in another and we're not talking about it no more.


That's an op. That's very oppy. Well, it is, but you know what's also, it also could be if you don't, like how long has he, how long has Sean Ryan been doing the show? I don't Know. You came outta nowhere. One thing that does happen is you get duped. You know? Yes. We've been duped before. I've had people on the podcast where I'm like, this guy's kind of a con artist. Like you get duped and Yeah, you, you get duped with stories. You get duped. People send you stuff that's not real. They send you down these rabbit holes that are stupid If you're not seasoned in this. And I'm, I'm still fuck it up All the time. But you're right. But if you haven't done a lot of these kind of podcasts where you're talking about Yep. Controversial issues.


Sometimes you say something that's not totally accurate. Or maybe the people that are telling you the information aren't who they say they are. Maybe you're being purposely fed misinformation. It's fucking hard to figure it out sometimes. Oh, it is for me now, I'm just saying. But what Did it, what what was proven about the letter, right? So the dude wrote a letter, correct. Or was it an email? What was it? He Was, who's that guy? There's some writing that he was talking about. Oh, About how before he blew somebody. Was it, oh, Iran or China or somebody was, it was like with the drone. Right. And it was something to do with the Jersey drone situation. Right? Yeah. Which I'm guessing is Palmer Lucky's outfit. Not China. I'm looking second.


My guess. Palmer Lucky. That's swarm drones. It's something to see how you deal with it. Nobody cares. Nobody Cares. It's hard to trust super smart dudes who wear flip flops on podcasts. I saw him with the flip flops and I was like, this guy's too crazy. I trust that he has some clearing. He's making drills and he's, he doesn't even want to have shoes on. I Could, I, I might be wrong. But I think his initial start, 'cause he went through some bullshit where he was trying to sell the military something kind of like robot truck that puts out fires, which you need. That's crazy. But they don't want stuff to that, You know, it's a military. Like he's so kills. He sounds like a guy in a Spider-Man comic book that like is a reluctant hero. Like he was a bad guy doing bad things. You know what I mean? Oh yeah. It's like, yeah, like a hacker. They caught and they're like, now you work for us.


It's just like, imagine that's your specialties making awesome weaponry. Yeah, well you're gonna wanna do what you, what you do, I guess. Right? Like if you're a comic, you wanna tell jokes, right? If you're a guy who makes awesome weaponry, you want to fuck around and find out. I mean, As a comic, you use murder language. You talk about it, right? Yes. Like this was gonna kill. Yeah. He crushed it. This guy caviate the back of your head out when I tell about yeah, God damn man. It's like, Well look, I was just saying Sean show he's had a few people on where I was like, I don't know dude, I don't know about this guy. I think Joe mc, Mongo. But I've had a few people on like that. Of course I've had a few people on where I was like, I don't know about this guy.


Look, I, I'm not going off 'cause I don't believe anything. I just wanna hear a new story that doesn't make me bored. 'cause I heard a lot of stories, you know? That's all right. So what happens then? If you tell me something new I haven't heard, I'll remember it because I go, oh, that's interesting. I forget boring things and I remember everything that's interesting to me. So later when I'm looking at news stuff on Sidekicking, on Jimmy or whatever, now I have all this, it's just the way you write jokes. Like I have a, I could cross reference. I need as much data as I could get about every single thing, you know? Right. So that I can make connections. That's just for joke writing and it or, and any kind of writing. So you have to analyze stuff. So I I just Gopuff the old, you know, you know, a tree by its fruits.


Right. That, that bible saying that I think it, it's a correct saying if I know the, the truth about certain current events and I'm watching and I know your background that you should know this or that. And maybe you don't though. I, I allow for that. I'm just saying I've seen a bunch of people that woman from, who was like ISIS's back and Iran is here and, And that woman, The CIA lady, that's A bad impression by the way. I don't, I didn't know who you were talking about. It's My, it's, it was my impression of how she was talking about ice. So it was when the Tesla truck blew up. I've been making jokes about, I was like, 'cause I, Hey guys, ISIS is back. Let, no one cares. Well Let's, let's, let's pause for a second. Yeah. And what did the guy say? Because let's find That's note it's No, no.


The guy who blew himself up the Tesla truck. Oh yeah. We, we never got to that. Oh, Nice. Jamie, There it is. It says, first off, I'm not under duress or hostile influence or control. My first car was a 2006 Black Ford Mustang, excuse me. Black Ford Mustang V six for verification. We already, we've done this before, Jamie. So we read this all out and the the, the Mustang's not correct. I read that. That's part of the problem. Right. That might be a signal though. They were saying that that could just be a like a code. Oh, right. So that you know it really or something like that. Which is why you would say that in that way. Yeah. Yeah. Right. That that would be a way you could, yeah, that makes sense actually. But why would you do that if this is going to be a public thing? I don't know that it was meant to be public, but this FBII guess verified that it was from him.


They didn't verify the content. They just said we know that he sent it. Right. But, oh, so who did he send it to? Look at This, this guy named Humate who was a guy who does like a Instagram account that talks about like military stuff, you know? Mm. I don't know if he's like a whistleblower officially, but okay. By, he had a, the Big military account on Instagram. So this level of bullshit and this, it was bewildering when I read this was about drones blaming China. Now I remember, 'cause I had joke about did China send the drones 'cause of off of this? And then he, he does the Chinese spy balloon bullshit if a Chinese spy balloon, yo, they made up all these little details after the fact. There's actually an article where military goes, it's more than likely not a spy balloon. It got from mainland in China. A big white balloon that says China on it got over all our bases in the Pacific.


Which if you look at the map of how many bases we have, it looks like a sex offender registry. Okay. All our balloon sensing equipment, I assume from the trillions of dollars they just lose making our amazing force got past them to Billings, Montana. No, that was a actual balloon. There was unseasonable, I believe the simpler explanation of the a seasonable winds blew a balloon into Billings, Montana. And that's why Biden didn't shoot it down. We've had this happen many times when those balloons Hmm. Then they go, oh, maybe we shot down two more balloons. That might be UFOs. Remember that bullshit? Yeah. And so as soon as you hear All the nonsense coming out, you're like, what is this?


So the balloon was just that a weather balloon. They all know it. Remember like, Biden, why didn't you shoot down this balloon? It's a spy balloon, don't you? Why? Yeah. He purposely left the spy balloon to spy on us. It's such bullshit. And then, Wait a minute, what do you think the spy balloon was? A balloon, but it had electronics on it. It had like a Oh, okay. Yo, if you look at Zillow, I'm pretty sure it body scans your whole fucking face. You know, like, does it, what Do you mean? My girl likes to look at houses on Zillow. Dude, your phone, the way it's used to track you is unbelievable. And amateurs, that's how we, I'm pretty sure the, the Bernie and a OC rallies where I'm like, there's no way that many people are gonna see the, these losers.


There's No way. Well, that's a fact. But they they tracked the phones of the people. Yes. Yeah. Okay. And then they knew the same people kept going to the same Bernie and a OC concert. They were going there and they were also going to Kamala Harris rallies. And they were going to a bunch of other different leftwing protests. And it's a, that's a thing. People Get paid to be Democrat. They get Paid. It's a real job that, yeah. Like you can get real money, much more money than you make working at McDonald's to just show up and grab a sign and get in the stands. And so you can get, get 24,000 people, you know, you have to pay them. But if you do, they'll go and you can just keep doing that if you have an insane amount of money.


Yeah. I, yeah. Well that's what they've been doing for a while. Ever since the Tea party. I Mean, look, look at the fucking, the amount of money that she spent on that campaign. She Ran a great campaign. What was, you gotta admit that It was pretty rock tight. What was the Every duty suspect? Beyonce. Not singing. Just stalking. Yeah. Great commercials, reaching out to men, not going on your show. Going on the caller. I think that's hot to his mom. A caller daddy. Great job guys. And she and she lost the cherry on top of that great campaign. Well, what was really funny was afterwards they were asking for money after it's over. Like, how, why didn't you save some, do They did that after Roe v.


Wade to the Democrats? Yeah, They did Immediately right After immediately donate, which is like, donate to the Democratic party. We're gonna protect Roe v. Wade Screaming about Ruth Bader Ginsburg, who always thought Roe v Wade should be overturned on illegal reasons. 'cause it's a bad in her mind, but bad ruling Katie Couric had. Its out her real feelings outta the book. You know, There's really no way other than AI judges, AI judges, AI government. That's the only way. Well, I don't, it's only way who's gonna program God. Human beings who's gonna program that God to that I can believe in it's gonna Muslims, It's gonna program itself. It better not be Muslims. We're Gonna allow it to program itself. Oh, well I bet you that's something like that has happened several times. Well, it's gonna happen.


I don't know if it has happened. Why do you think it has happened? Because all these, like, all these like elite, you know, they go, oh, who's the secret elite running? Right. Well, here's a clue, and I don't know if this is an obvious clue. You know how we still have royalty everywhere. You know, by definition, a bloodline that it should be over you. That for some reason we're obsessed with here in America where we Yeah. Rebelled people fight over Snow White, the Bavarian fairytale to inculcate you with bloodline shit. Like, and then people are mad at the big head girl that, what's her fucking name? That she looks like a, a mothership alien.


The Snow White. They got the Puerto Rican snow White, Jesus Christ. I'm forgetting her name. Jesus Christ. I did not know where you were going there. You know, I, Yes. Okay. The, the young lady. So When it first Came, wait, what's her name? Rachel. Yeah. So now if you notice the, the spin on it, they're putting it all on her. I mean, I'm sure she sucks, but she is very young. How about she's A fucking kid. Right. She didn't write the, that script though. Right. And I don't think she made the no d Drawers decisions. That was Sir Peter Dinkle. Well, he, that was crazy, right? Like if you're, do You know when they did the original Snow Wine? I was listening to Cody Tucker on Instagram. He was talking about this when you, when they did the original version of The Wizard of Oz, they couldn't get dwarfs because they'd all been killed by the Nazis.


So they had, they had to bring them in to film things. Wait, Okay, hold on. Where did they film this? God, it, I wanna say find out where the Wizard of Oz was filmed. Wait, so the American Dwarves were killed by the Nazis or No, no, no, no, no, no. They weren't, they didn't film it in America. They filmed it in like Bavaria. Oh, hold on. And there was no dwarves Left. They didn't want to pay Union dwarfs. They, The Nazis had killed them all. Like, no one talks about that apparently. But that was a thing that they, they killed all of them. I find that surprising with their supposed love of, or Cody just German folklore that they would attack the luckiest creatures. Or Cody was, And maybe he's right that It's, I think you're it's some, it's not exactly that way.


Hold on though. Article in LA Times. I'm trying to, yo, if the Nazi, like, if they wanted to create a master race, you'd have to imagine that like mentally handicapped people, all those type, they, they probably have pretty brutal measures for dealing with that. Well They, I know they did because they as you know, copied them from us where we started that first. That's the rocket We started that. Yeah. Eugenics is from America. It's all for All the things are from America or England. All the things you think of a Nazis as some like, like an Al-Qaeda that somebody funded. 'cause it worked out for them at the time until it didn't work out as like constant gain of function. Right. We just gotta gain of function. Government.


Yeah, that's, we have That's a great, that's a great line gain of function. Government. Yeah. They, they No, You're so, Hey, what if we make them more deadly? Oh no, you guys gotta be locked down. 'cause we cocked up some virus. Carol recalled that some of the, of the munchkins were German born actors who had performed throughout Europe in a midget troupe booked by showman. Leo Singer, who arranged to bring them to the United States for filming The Wizard of Oz. Allowed the actors to escape as Nazis began to extend their reach across Europe in the late 1930s. Whoa. When did they do the Wizard of Oz? 39. I wanna say, I dunno. Dude, you just reminded me. Whoa. They Were already killing people. You just reminded me of something great. No, even, okay, so this is one of my favorite historical, so you know how back in the day the Jeffrey Hudson, do You know about Jeffrey Hudson?


No. The queen's dwarf in England. So back in the day, wait, lemme just see the year here. So 1619 to 1682. He's, he lived kinda long I guess for that. Anyway, back then, royalty would collect like, You know, dwarves or if you were like really fat. 'cause you had some glam problem. There's a girl in Spain like that. Right? And someone discovered you royals would keep you in like a menagerie, like the ooh, a dwarf. And you'd be like the court, her dwarf. Mm. Like a Paris Hilton dog, you know, from a, you know. Right. So this guy Jeffrey Hudson, I don't, I can't remember what queen it is, but for her birthday, they baked him into a pie.


I mean, they didn't bake him, but they put him in a pie. Okay. So she was presented with this gigantic, this pie, this, and he jumps out and then starts dancing on the table. And she loved it. I think he belonged to another noble family. It's like, well you could have him. So then he became her dwarf and he had like a little sword. And he would, one of her relatives, he would, would disguise himself as a poor person and go, Jesus Christ. Yeah. That Laugh. Look at my voice is going from yelling at hobos. Look at him there. And there is with the queen walking him. You gotta take care of him. You know, Jesus Christ. Probably one better life than a full size adult back then. You Know, imagine trying to be a jester back then and walk the line between knowing what's across the line where the king's gonna cut your hand off.


Yeah. Well, you know, hold, if you're this guy and you just jumped out of a pie, the king will let you say all kinds of stuff. It's like a fun roast. I think the world was way more like Game of Thrones than we tend to believe. He based it on history. He based all that stuff on real history. Probably the dragon part. Sorry. Joy Behar. I wonder about the dragon part. Well, wait, wait, wait. So this dude, one of her relatives or something, he, he stayed with them and the guy would pretend to be a poor person in the street, and he would bring Jeffrey with him. Okay. And then do like a, an act. And like, he would sit down and he would have these, he would have like a big loaf of bread and then he would make him into a sandwich.


That's one of his, Jesus Christ dude. He would have him in his pocket and then he would get out bread and, and then he would climb in and make a sandwich. And people loved it. I mean, I love it. Just thinking about It. I went down a, a dragon rabbit hole the other day on YouTube. Okay. There's the last thing though, but, and this is important, that little guy. Yeah. So he started getting a big head. Okay. And Oh no. Yeah. Like how classic like Howard Stern wack pack kind of development. Right. And he had, and he got captured by pirates. He has a crazy life. But he, he had a little sword. Like they made him a sword for himself. And somebody said something to Queen and he challenged into a dual. This guy.


Okay. With pi, they had pistols back then. It was like the single job pistol, dual. And so, so the guy brought a water gun. The other guy was like gonna kill, fight the queen's dwarf. And he brought a real gun. 'cause he, he came to, he came to, You know, he came for the fame. He came and shot the guy with the real gun. The other guy had a squirt gun that he shot. Oh My God. Because He had put not to. And I'll bet, I'll bet. Jeffrey Hudson was like, I'm glad I killed you, motherfucker. He brought a squirt gun on top of it. You know, like, that's a guy really not taking you seriously. Yeah. To your dual. If he brought a water pistol, you think like, my little fingers can't pull a trigger. That's how I would take it.


The finals are here. And the only thing that's for sure is it's the last time to bet on college basketball. This season get in on All the action expected and unexpected. With Draftking Sportsbook, with live betting exclusive content promos and parlays. DraftKings is the ultimate college basketball destination. As we reach the finals first time, here's something special just for you. New DraftKings customers bet $5 to get $150 in bonus bets instantly bet the unexpected with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino in Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


Well that's how stupid people were back then. He had completely dismissed that guy in every way to the point where he didn't even think he would be able to shoot him. I It's like, like how stupid is that? It's, it's cruel because that's like a kind of a cruel thing where you're like, You wanna squirt him in the face and everybody laughs Like, okay dude, let's, you're treating they're treat guy's, treating him like the queen's old dog. He might have said something to that effect or something. Okay. But even a dog, you would be like, come on as a dog, don't be like, antagonizing the dog. So even if this guy's not affording humanity to Jeffrey Hudson, you know, like bystandard of a dog. He wasn't being cool. He, you know what I mean? Like Right. He, he, he was being like a cruel, You know, it's a pompous aristocrat.


That's what they, that's how they are. They don't think it could happen to them. Lemme get this straight. Did they use dwarves in Snow? White. But they just didn't call 'em dwarves. Is that what it was? So dwarfs. So they had and Dwarves are two different things. What? Yes, I've learned this. No Way. I learned it's not a Plural resurging for this podcast. I No, Dwarfs is not plural. Right. So d so dwarfs, I don't know which one is which, I forget. But one is the fantasy kind, which are magical creatures and not human beings. Right. And the other kind one is Tolkien came Up with it. Oh, one is dwarf. One is is Dwarf. Dwarf the plural dwarfs. Is that it Jamie? Yep. Oh, okay. F Is dwarfs is a myth.


Mythical fork lore. Oh, that's what it is. Okay. And then did it tell one time it was, do you know about Dwarfs the war Midget? That's what they were in the Hobbit. Hold On now. But he's talking about dwarfs. I'm Looking. Yeah, no, I mean, what's your dwarf is It says, yeah, it's folklore according to Wikipedia. Yeah. So I don't know which one's which, but dwarfs P plural. But D why would it be the same? Yeah, I don't Think there's, there's also dwarfs with an FI swear to God. Well there's dwarfism. No, no dwarfs. Right. But how crazy is it that there's a folklore version? I did they have pop have magic powers. I not, I'm I'm not, I know I did the folklore versions have magic powers Or were they just dwarfs?


I imagine that they're probably based on the real life people that they then maed up because, and my evidence is like snow white itself. And You know, it says this type of supernatural being a German folklore counts of dwarves very significantly throughout Dwarfs with an F dwarfs very significantly throughout history. They're commonly but not exclusively presented as living in the mountains or stones and being skilled craftsmen. Huh? And only males. So dwarfs with an F is the fantasy one. Okay. And they're all Men. So dwarfs are all a bunch of gay guys. Yeah. Little tiny gay guys hanging out. Well, They originally were didn't show up. It was like seven non binaries or something.


But here's the question for the new movie, what did they do? Did they, because what I had heard was that they CGI things in there. Yeah. Look at 'em. Look how bad it looks. Can I see what it looks like? No. Oh, fucking pop up. Is there a video? You, A lot of people make videos about why the CGI seems worse than when it first came out. And that's because these studios are working people. Disney's Notorious Disney's one of the worst companies Ever existed. You can see what it looks like. Let's see what it looks like. It might be a big reveal that might have to save it for the, It's theater. It's kind of sucks that a kid gets put into the position like that where they're talking about politics and talking about it's here.


I I look, if you put your kids in auditions, you were trafficking your children so you know. Oh Wow. That does look bad. Oh, it doesn't look real at all. Yeah. And then like they do All the work while she dances around being a leader or whatever. The script was screwed from The start. Wait, how much did this cost somebody? This is, you should get Doge looking into this movie. It spent 250 million bucks making that movie. But imagine you spend $250 million and you get some young girl and you don't kind of talk to her about like, hey, you know, don't get political. You're young and I know you have opinions about things, but this is should be just about the movie. Well, let's just, Just to defend big head girl. Lemme tell you something. The message of the movie is to be that bitch.


That's the message that they wrote a script that's telling girls, I don't even know what tells me I'm a 20-year-old girl, so obviously I should rub my mouth All the time. That's the theme of the new Snow White. No. Really? Yes. Now It's not the same story. No. So now, so now they've put it all on her. Now they've failed. Here's what happened. She made the cardinal error of saying Free Palestine on Twitter. So she could say all that men are bad and it's this and that. But once you do that, now they've put the entire weight of the failure upon her when really it's like making Jimmy Fallon apologize for doing a Chris Rock impression. When Lauren and a team of lawyers and consultants decided if it was okay, the amount of brown they put on him to simulate Chris Rock.


Right. You think Jimmy Fallon made that call, but he's gotta sit there and and apologize to a white Robin. DeAngelo comes on, I'm not watching this. Am I dreaming? And he's like, he's clearly drunk and I don't blame him. And he is like, thanks so much for coming on. I really pee. She goes, you see Jimmy, this weird nun lady is like giving him a lecture. Did you ever see her in that Matt Walsh movie? Did you see? Am I racist? No, But I, It's fucking hilarious. I know. She, I know about, we put her in pre trek. The thing of with Kyle, the Star Trek of Biden, She and am I racist? Matt wa didn't he get her to give someone money for reparations? Didn't, didn't that happen?


Did you see the movie? No, but I saw, but he, he, He's a fake academic who's talking to her and he's like a fake woke guy with like a fake ponytail. And you know, he, he gets her to say the most ridiculous shit. It's so funny 'cause her money depends on it. And he said something interesting. So I'm talking about which is the reason, 'cause why would these people sit here and used to say about the Daily Show? Why would they sit there and be on the thing? And he goes, oh, they're aware. But they're, they want the plug. Do you understand? They're all their, their demographic wants to see them be stupid and they're gonna defend them no matter what. So it don't matter. We talking about the, the why they would sit there and be part of that. She Didn't have any idea that that's what it was. But Even like She, she was, she thought she was doing, there was, they were doing some kind of a documentary on race from like a woke perspective.


I don't think, well look at what he says about it. I would've to ask him like, what the premise was. I'm wrong. That he set up The other lady, the lady with the colored hair that he kept asking about that was, what is a woman? Not the, not the One. Yeah. That's a totally different Documentary. But I, I think it's the same thing. 'cause I saw this on Sasha's show. Like a, an absurd situation. If these people are like my job as I'm this thing, right. They, they automatically go into it. It's funny to make her follow her own stupid thing like that. But she's like, she benefits by, even if she looks dumb in it, anyone that believes in that stuff is not gonna fault her in that scene. You know what I mean? Right. They're not gonna look at and say it's funny. They're gonna go, what a jerk you are. To put her in that position of having to live up to the thing she says she thinks is real.


Duh. That's why Kamala couldn't be here because you're gonna just ask her, oh, I wanna get to know her. We can't. That's not allowed. That is not gonna happen. The people that liked her, they like her 'cause she never said anything. They find that savvy and smart to never let people know what you think because that's how they advanced in their careers. 'cause the whole thing is a, the ultimate pyramid scheme is cowardice and turning a blind eye at all times. Yeah. But therein lies the problem because after a while, the person, no matter who they are, whatever job you're in, if they treat you like you're the boss, you start to think You know what the fuck you're doing. And she was treated like she was the boss for, you know, many, many years. And during that time, some people got her to say some crazy shit.


Like when she was talking about certain things where she really didn't have information about it. Wait, who was just rambling circles? Kamala. Oh, do you mean when she described what's happening in Ukraine? Exactly. So basically Russia is alar Ukraine. Country. Ukraine is a country. Yeah. Like what? Oh, It's the Ukraine. Remember how they say it's Ukraine and not the Ukraine? No. Is it the Ukraine? Yeah. It means the borderlands. So that's some marketing crap where we don't want people thinking it's just the borderlands. This is a legit thing. But I always wondered with Kamala Harris, like I've seen her talk before and she's hilarious. I think some people just fucking clam up when they get in front of a camera and when they know the whole world's watching and they know there's a lot of pressure. And if they fucked up a bunch of times before, like to be good at public speaking under pressure, you have to have a lot of reps in.


You gotta do it a long time. She's running For president. I understand Wendy Williams would've been better. I understand She has charisma, Wendy Williams. But I, I always wonder like, what is important about being a president? Is it power? Is it the ability to communicate or is it the ability to rationally assess what needs to be done And what sacrifices have to be made and what's the right direction for everything to go? And that's the most important thing. I'll tell you what it is, it's the ability to, But I'm getting to it. Oh. But it's weird how much we rely on charisma and likability and the, there's like the ability to form sentences in an eloquent manner. That's impressive.


Even though that's only one aspect of what it would be like. The most important aspect of being a president, I would think would be, be rational. Be able to make decisions that are very difficult. Know the correct direction and be selfless. Right. You, you're doing this for the country. That's the best version that we could think of as a president. That's what you have to look like. But what you have to be good at is looking like you're that all those things. Yeah. And take orders from the people who are in charge of you. That's how it's run. Ever since they killed Kennedy, but probably before then. Well I think that was, I think that was true. I think when the Gil Kennedy That's a co you know the deep state term? Yeah. Peter Dale Scott. He's a Berk, a leftist Berkeley professor. What Is this fucking thing that I keep hearing?


That there's a video of Lee Harvey Oswald. Oh, Luna. That's that Chick Luna said it. She said that there was a video of Lee Harvey. O NBC has it, that NBC has it where He's like in front of the car or Something. And did Oliver Stone tell her this? That's what I, I read that on X if That's true. Well, I didn't hear that. Look, if true it's explosive. You know, I sent Jamie a video, but, But how would, how could it possibly be true? That seems like one of those things where, why would NBC hold onto that? I ain't seen that. Dave, what's his name? Grush guy around. All these people have these amazing ifs. Well, he's busy. He's got a life. He's running skis. He Doesn't have to be on TV all day. What, what is No, but Who told her what's going on with that? Who Told, well, it's one thing at a time.


I'm wrangling one thing at a time. The Lee Harvey Oswald thing. Like, who told her that Lee Harvey Oswald is in this video that's been hidden from the public. I'm looking online. Somebody said it was Oliver North, who by the way, wait, excuse me. Oliver Stone, Oliver North, the great and a fucking Freudian. Somebody said it was Oliver Stone who's got the craziest fucking recall dude. The craziest recall. Yeah. I had conversations with him off the air where he was explaining to me deeper and deeper into the fucking connection. Yeah, there was All the different people that were after Kennedy and All the different crew and All the different Things. It's a, it's quite a lot. He's got it in his fucking head, dude. That guy's head is a warehouse of information about the JFK Assassination.


It's, I think they referring to this photo that people said has already been debunked as a guy that, Yeah, I thought that was debunked a long time ago. Yeah. So that's what, lemme see that photo blow that shit up again. That guy does not look like Lee Harvey Oswald. Look at him on the right hand side. You can see it. That is a different shaped face. That's like a totally different dude. If there's something different than this, I don't know. But this, first Of all, didn't every guy who was white in 1963 look like that they had, they don look like Leo or they had one fucking haircut. They all wore the same shirts, A nice high and tight. We Were the Chinese that, That was very Chinese.


We Were basically like South Korea. We Korea, North Korea. The North Korean success cut that Kim Jong-un has was our boys. Yeah. She said Oliver Stone. Luna said Oliver Stone, who directed JFK, said he's seen a secondary copy of the film and that NBC has been sitting on it. Oh, Okay. So wait, doesn't someone's muddying the waters already? Yeah. That doesn't mean that You know about her. Do I know about her? Where came from? She's the lady that's in charge of like distributing the All the UFO stuff. Right. And she's gonna JFK stuff, all that shit. Right. So this is very strange. She's from Florida. She, her pri she, she ran against, I forget his name, but I sent Jamie the video of this. This is more the nuttiest things. The Republican she was running against in Florida and primary was caught on tape talking about having her killed if she does well, is about to get elected.


Oh, Jesus. To someone you, I I I know I had heard of them or some influencer. William Bradock. Is this it? Okay, now I can find William Bradock threatens to send Russian Ukrainian hit squad after rival for Florida GOP primary. Oh, Okay. But they say Russian. Okay. He, that's, that's actually less weird than some of the other stuff he says. And they don't mention it. So play his, his recording now. He, he, he got prosecuted. So this is not him just bragging, I guess. Let me hear This in front of everyone. One of my previous brothers, the billionaire who is gonna actually, we're bringing in over half, we're over over half a billion dollars from offshore, from Malta and Gibraltar to fund my campaign.


Even though my campaign only is a million dollars to the primary and another five or six for the midterm, we're bringing in half a billion dollars because they understand how fucking serious it is to keep our country intact. Wow. And with that kind of money, I'm gonna have 24 7 2 former secret service officers up my ass. Unless I'm taking a shit in the morning. And I don't want to hear this, I don't want to know about this, but I only have access to a hit squad too. Ukrainians are Russians Hit squad, not hip hop. Jesus, You did Not hear bad captions.


You did not hear that from me. I mean, I Hear what She's recording. I'm, but This shit is getting, and I don't want you to be on the wrong side of it, So I don't wanna be on the wrong side of it either. So why would we need, I guess like, I mean that that's, well no, You're not gonna be, I mean, you're not gonna be a part of it regardless. But I'm just saying don't get caught in public like supporting Luna because Luna's supporters going, Luna's gonna go down and I hope it's by yourself. Is that why like, I mean, I don't, that's do like is that what like the Russians are for? I just, that's like, If we do a, so my, my poll, That's the worst question I've ever heard in my life.


Polling people. Keep 'em on the line. Just keep 'em on the line. 20,000 in poll. Yeah, Right before the primary. And if the poll says Lou's gonna win, she's gonna be gone. She's gonna disappear. Dang Dang. And You can tell anybody. You Can't tell anybody. I'm gonna have someone killed. Imagine. Oh dang. I would Never, this is, hold up, please pause for a second. How well does this dude know this


Episode is brought to you by Squarespace? Have you ever been shopping online and the website just gave you the ick? Let me tell you, that wouldn't happen if they used Squarespace. Squarespace Design Intelligence empowers anyone to build beautiful more personalized websites tailored to your unique needs. And with Squarespace payments, it's super easy to manage payments with just a few clicks. Plus, with Squarespace's integrated and optimized SEO tools, there's All the help you need to get people to your site. Head to Squarespace dot com slash Emma for a free trial and use code Emma to save 10% on your first purchase.


This episode is brought to you by warfare from a 24 written and directed by Iraq War veteran Ray Mendoza and Civil Wars Alex Garland warfare embeds audiences with a US Navy platoon, but when their operation goes wrong, the only way out is together a visceral boots on the ground. True story told by the soldiers who lived it. Warfare Stars Will Poulter Kit Connor with Joseph Quinn and Charles Melton. Experience it in IMAX and theaters everywhere on April 11. Get tickets now at tickets warfare movie.


That lady. And by the way, why is he breathing so quick? That dude sounds like he's cranked out of his fucking mind. He, you hear the Kind you heard him say his Freemason brothers. So that means he is, He's cranked out of his mind. That means he gets he parties That guy's partying right now. Yeah. Like this is cocaine talk. This is real real hundred percent. This is cocaine talk, right? Well, not, not just that. It is that, but also he got arrested and prosecuted. Well you can't have cocaine talk on the fucking phone. He ran away to the Philippines. And, and that's a pretty dark connection too. Hold on. Keep, keep going. I wanna hear more of what he says. But it sounds like cocaine talk. Yeah, they all get coked up. Yeah. We you say wild shit Sacrifice the what?


The few for the, for the better of the good of the majority of the people. We've gotta sacrifice the few. Dude, did you hear That? He's out of his mind, so No, no, no, no. Wait, pause that. Yeah, he's so he is Sacrifice the few. You're A hundred percent right about that. Yeah. No, he believes that though. That's his Freemason brothers are bringing money from Malta and Gibraltar. Can I, can we pause one second. Who is he saying this to? What is the woman's name? Aaron something. I'll Try to look it up. Can you get a photo of this lady? I bet she's hot. I can't, which is part of the problem. I can Either play this and show you guys the screen or I can do like, you know. Oh, play, play it. Just finish it. Let's Just get a photo real quick. Oh. So I can get a context. I just want to put it in context because I'm trying to figure out why this guy is blabbing to this lady that he doesn't know really.


Well I would think if you're gonna have someone killed, you wouldn't tell like regular friends. You would tell like casual friends, like how well does this guy know this lady? Do what cocaine Make do, do cocaine makes you confide in people? He trying to impress her. Yes, it does. It does. Is he trying to impress her and is she attractive And Like I, yes. That's a good question. I thought, you know what I mean? I wanted that as well. You know, it's like there's guys that'll just make up stories about, there we go. Yeah, He liked it. Yeah, she's pretty. There we go. Exactly. Okay. So it's cocaine talked to a pretty lady trying to impress her with your power. That's good enough for the CIA to spy and take, get that talk and use it as intel, by the way, generally, isn't it? So here's the other question.


How does does this point? Yeah, he's a dork. He's a coke up dork and she's hot and is the first time a hot lady's talked to this coked up dork. Allegedly. He may not have been on cocaine, he might just have been nervous. Maybe he's just really attracted to this lady and it's adrenaline. Or maybe he drank a lot of coffee. It just sounds like, It sounds like Coke dog. Well, because All the spill, you know, you probably shouldn't talk about your Freemason brothers and their a Russian Ukrainian hit squad. Wow. That's cool. Them to get past their differences. Yeah, they Coordinated. They coordinated just for this one special project. 'cause Captain Cocaine. Okay. But just gotta put a hit out on some lady. But I, he is connected to something. I think he wouldn't have run to the Philippines where these kind of people run to.


He wouldn't have be. He Is. So is he running from the law right now? It No, he's being going back to court. He, they probably like kicked go to jail free. Like, we can't get you outta this idiot. You got coked up and talk to a horse. You know how Ghis lean's gotta do her time and keep her trap shut? This guy's gonna have to do that too. But William Braddock. I'm like, okay, who is he? He must be from a family from there. Couldn't I? I couldn't find anything, but maybe I just sucked at it. But where, who was bio? Who is he? Who's his dad? Who's his? Imagine you're just talking shit and you think you're a badass and you are gonna say cool shit to this girl on the phone and you find out you're being recorded while you're on cocaine. And you had planned a hit. He might have woke up in the morning with a splitting headache. Doesn't even remember being on the phone saying he was planning a hit.


Wakes up. He's paranoid. She's a nurse. A nurse. She's involved In the Covid stuff. I can't find out. Yes. Oh, she, yes, she's, she's, I she's talking to them. They're calling her conservative activists. No, she was talking about some real shit. She was good. The thing she was talking about with that, what Was it? I can't remember. I don't what they Were talking, she was a reporting from the hospitals I guess when Covid Was starting. Yes. In Florida. There's so many. She Did good work on that Of these like James O'Keefe type videos now. I love it. And it's All the same thing. It's all really chatty gay guys who spill the beans when they're on a date On paper. They look like they're gonna be good employees, don't they? And occasionally a man who's saying stupid shit to a woman who's undercover.


Well sometimes it'll be a guy that I thought was that, but no, he was a straight guy. What do you mean? It's All the straight guys and gay guys in those circles are imperceptible. Like, like oh, like Yo Harry Sissen came out as straight recently. That kid with the Roy Cheeks that Dylan, Tim Dylan had on. Yes. Tim Dylan had 'em on his show, Exposed him as shills. They came out and said they're being paid. And they're like, no, cut that. Cut that. Do you remember that? It was really funny. Well, no, let say that. I didn't watch That. Yeah, Tim Dylan expo. I was one. I remember seeing it that Jamie, He listen to Mexican popping up sometimes When I fine work by Tim Dylan. He's got, but anyway, I thought he was, I thought the kid with him was his boyfriend. No, he's been pressuring girls for Snapchat nudes. Oh No.


Yeah. So turns out this kid rules. So Tim Dylan had 'em on. What are they talking about? All sorts of stuff. Oh, you can play any of it. Where's the, where he, okay, we won't that you see his head in his hands. You just hit on it. We put his, yeah, it's right around there. Handle Level. It's disgusting. Well, there's a lot of people that would say that the American government for a very, very long time has been very dishonest with its citizens. This is something that can, Can you gimme an example? Gimme a little t Dude. That stupid I'm gonna stop. Stop. Oh, is that nodding citizens? Well, Of course it happens. But like, but but What, what I'm, Isn't there a clip of just him exposing them like, like 45 seconds to record a video keeping people's attention?


Oh, and a lot of the people on our side, like if they start hearing like, I've actually done it before. I've, I've criticized like democrats, like specifically Hakeem Jeffries and it, it all just went south. Like I started losing followers. Like it's bad. Right? And I really want to be that person that like reaches the other side. 'cause Democrats, I mean they're horrible at their jobs, right? They do a lot of shitty things. Although I'll vote for them All the time to get Harry. But it's also hard in the space to criticize them. That's A good, can we clip that quote? They're Horrible. Please don't. Please don't. Please don't that No, no, no. Please. I would say I would say the same to I thought those were was his boyfriends Here? No, here's what that is. That's a young man that really wants to be important.


Yeah. Yeah. He really wants to be special and really wants to be on the right side of history. And he's young and he really needs to go To the side History. And he should start eating meat again and he start doing squats and you need to do deadlifts and he should probably like run uphill. You need to do something dude, to turn you into a man son. His whole getting pussy is based on not doing that. So when guys look like they're gay, I Telling you this is a bad strategy. Oh, I agree with you. I agree. You don't have to convince me. Just first of all, nevermind getting pussy. Just do that for your life. He Is a young kid. If I was him, I'd be saying the same shit. You're young, you say dumb shit. Well What's David Frum's excuse? Like, But that, that statement right there was the perfect example to say how that's America, how bad they are.


But I'll always vote for them. That's that's so bonkers, dude. I, people in their sixties say that, but He's, but that's 'cause he's a kid. He's kid. But old people, the view says the same thing. Right? But there's a certain percentage of people that are gonna buy meme coins. You know what I'm saying? There's a certain percentage of people that are just, they're not, you know, they're not gonna Make it. He said it in the just now. Yeah. If your money depends on you being that way, you're gonna be that way. So that's a business. It does become eventually that, but he's so young. It's not like he calculated his personality based on making money politically online. But that's exactly what he just said to tip. He goes, yeah, I've tried. I mean, they suck, but my audience gets mad so I can't. Right.


But it's a lot of it is like when you're fucking, what is he, 21 or something like that when you're 21. It's like total audience cash, Money and clout. Yes. Yeah. And you're, you, you've got success doing this one thing and now that's your whole idea. When Is it not? Like the only, if you go independent? See, like, because I've heard people, you know, the throw around audience capture, like I'm sure you've heard that nonsense at you. They definitely say it at Jimmy. But I can tell you now, I Jimmy's a real hard headache dude, that his audience gets pissed at him all because now we're criticizing Trump for the ways he's cocking up. So Yeah, Jimmy is not, there's Jimmy's not idealistic. He's not, he doesn't have an ideology rather he's, he's very, He has principles. So Very open-minded.


Yeah. So these people's principles are Very fair. Very fair. He's the only guy I know who's a leftist. Okay. And I think you should get to identify what you are. Yeah. Like your gender, you should get to say what you are. Yeah. But the video with Kyle Rittenhouse came out where my Shane Gils apologized like a man though. But a lot of my friends, oh no, he's going away. He crossed state lines. What does that mean? Right. With a gun. But you don't say the part, but your brain finished it. Right? Right. But watch the video. You can watch a video and see exactly what happened every part of the night, of every character in the story. There's no mystery as to who was at fault and whatever. Right. So all you gotta do is look at that. That shouldn't even have been a case. Right.


People, I told you, my ex, she's such a blue no matter who dip, she, she goes, I don't need to see the footage. Oh, That's Crazy. I go, what am I Galileo looking at telescope bitch, You know the story that's even more fucked up. Is he, the people that he was protecting were I believe Indian Immigrants. Indian immigrants. Were his Friends White? Yes. White kids had burned down. Yes. Indian immigrants property because they were mad about a black man being shot by a cop, by the way. So they asked him to help them, should been shot. Jacob Blake was kidnapping two kids and going for a knife in his car, probably trying to get shot. He had just had a fight with that chick. He had a restraining order with. And if you ever been in a bad relationship, You know how Ragnar rock, it could get Right.


Ragnar rock And where and people do death by cop All the time. Yes. Do. And that's what that and then the governor, I found out when I played Kenosha, that governor, whatever went and he kicked off the riot by saying, oh, we think the cop shot him. He just said something really irresponsible that they would take you off the air for saying if it caused this. Right. Right. But that was the agenda to, to make that I, we all know BLM was a scam. Right. And All the money went to a fat bitch. We all know that. Right. We don't, I don't have to educate anybody. All the things you think are real are not real. Didn't she, there was an article about her losing one of her houses in the fire. I was like, one of them. How many did you get? She got Three. Did you even give Hamas any of the money you promised?


Did you see when they used that AI program to run this net of All the different NGOs that were contributing to democratic causes? You showed me last time, Richard, my rabbi Richard Grove, who sent me Tragedy and Hope. A book that gives you the skeleton of the what the conspiracy is. Okay. It's written by Carol Quigley. Somebody on your show I know has brought it up. John Corbitt brought it up on Jimmy's show. Okay. It's Bill Clinton's mentor wrote it. He was not against, what's it called again? Tragedy And Hope. And it's about the Anglo-American world power and how World War I England brought us back into the fold. They called it the Cecil Rhodes, the f you know, the guy came up with apartheid and DeBeers.


You've always heard De Beers was like they were diamonds. Well, he bought their name. It was him. It was him. Is Cecil Rhodes really? Yeah. Cecil Rhodes. Same guy. Yeah. Cecil Roads. Same guy Who started apartheid, also started the beers. It's in the book. No, no. He's he took it over but used the name he bought De Beers. Cecil Rhodes. So we had, so he bought it and then he had, at Oxford, somebody gave a speech about how England shook, you know, do the things we do now. Neoliberal bullshit all over the world. And so he was so inspired that, so he said, so the, the first concentration camp, there's pictures in the book, looks just like concentration camps from Germany. There's the boar war. Mm. If you ever see the King's man, the prequel to Kingsman Right. One of the prequels or something. Right. They show it in the beginning.


There's black and white people in there. So that's nice. It's diverse. That was England that did that. Okay. And that's Cecil Rhodes. And Cecil Rhodes created the Cecil Roads round tables. And he based it on the Jesuits, the Illumina, the Bavarian Illuminati, the Freemasons. His idea was circles within circles, You know, like that map of Atlantis. Right. And so we have the outer, like that dickhead, who was saying Freemason shit, they, they should have never let him into wherever they let him into because He's got a big mouth. He's like any other gangster. They wanna brag about their connections. They Wanna show up in that Cadillac. And I don't condemn. Please snitch. Like good fellas, please. Everyone snitch, please. I'm here for you. I want to hear the stories. The shit don't stop until you snitch.


It is not gonna stop until you tell on your group and stop covering up for them. If it's your country, don't cover up for your country. I know people would do that. I know you accused me of being secretly religious, but I was Kidding. Well, I'm openly this Jehovah Witnesses, you know, now they, they told me God was gonna kill all of you by like 20 years ago. So it's awkward now for me, obviously. But People don't know you grew up Jehovah's Witness. Yeah. I mean they, I bring it up every time. Well, people who don't know you. I know. I Mean, this is Standalone. I assume you have All the back knowledge on me with the viewer at home. And I don't think of the audience. A lot of people don't. They, you know, you have, like you were a long time ago, you were getting real upset about a lot of this woke shit.


And I remember you saying this. No, no, no. I fucking seen this before. This is the same shit I saw, saw with Jehovah's Witness. Now we're back the same shit before. And I remember being like one of the first times I was like genuinely alarmed about how really crazy ideas can spread and really out just outrageous behavior can become normalized. The second part of that is it's reminding me of that but without the love and forgiveness Yes. Of if you believed in Jesus. Right. So they took the only good thing out of it. Right. And kept the dog what dogma. But it's like you're gonna, if you have a problem, like, so let's say something's not living up to what it should. And you said this was the solution to everything. Yeah. But let's say there's something really bad, you know about like someone got molested and you don't go to the cops, you handle it in house, which is what they did.


And got sued for the highest settlement in American history. Not the Catholics Jehovah Witnesses because they did what everybody does. They Epstein file, hide the files, handle it in house. This could look bad. If you saw what I saw, you wouldn't release it either. All that bullshit. So don't tell me you're the one organization from God and you did that. And like people ought to be kicked out for that because All the Bible stories I got taught God would strike you with leprosy for that shit, you know? Yeah. And I'm the kind of chump that believes in the thing if I believe in it. So I'm a kind of poison for your group because when you don't live up to it, I'm gonna be a real, a real twat about it, you Know? But, but that's important.


Well, no, it's actually crazy. And is that the hill you wanna die on? Here? Let me use All the, All the corpo fucking, I've heard this from people I like. Not bad people. Some something's wrong. Yeah. And you pointed out and, and he goes, is that the hill you wanna die on? Right? And I'm like, am I gonna be killed for telling the truth? Why would I be That's that team shit. Yeah. That's that team shit. The, our team is gonna cover this up. Our team's not gonna pay attention to that. That's What it's like Juujitsu and stand up where it's one man, one man. Yeah. But it's, the whole thing is a dumb, it's a dumb pursuit of being on the right side when we should all be on one fucking side. It should be one giant group of people figuring out what makes the most sense.


That's it's not supposed to be us versus them. Well that's too Vague. That's too vague though. It's Not too vague. It's if it's not too vague for you and I, it's not too vague for the whole country. We just have to change the way we talk about it. What if, what makes the most sense to me is eugenics. What if that makes the most, because I'm telling you right now, these people have never given up on eugenics. And I'm very happy that technology is going to fix dwarfism one day. Okay. And we won't have to do what Hitler did to the dwarf. We're All gonna look like Chris Hemsworth. Oh my god. Can you imagine being a Jewish dwarf? It's Gonna be just Chris Hemsworth's and Jason Momos all throughout the land. There'll be no other body Type. Well the Nordic Space brother.


This episode is brought to you by Call of Duty. All right. Call of Duty War zone fans. The wait is over. Ver Dansk is back. Yep. You heard me. The iconic map we all know and love is making its epic return to Call of Duty War zone. You can drop in right now and experience All the chaos, All the action and that pure adrenaline rush you've been missing. We're talking legendary POIs, superstore, hospital, prison, all of it. Ready for you and your squad to wreck havoc. Whether you're an OG war zone grinder or you're dropping in for the very first time, ver dansk is primed and ready. Intense firefights, iconic landmarks, heart pounding moments. This is what you've been waiting for. And it gets even better. There are new gameplay updates and the return of Verdan era weaponry to really crank things up. So call up all your friends, gear up and dive back into Verdan. This is it the moment we've been waiting for download Call of Duty War zone for free and drop into Verdan right now. Rated M for mature.


This episode is brought to you by Intuit TurboTax. One thing I've learned from doing this podcast is the value of having real experts around whether it's someone breaking down complex science, health, or even philosophy. Having the right people makes All the difference. That's exactly what TurboTax does for your taxes. Because now taxes is matching with a TurboTax live expert for your unique tax situation. Your expert is backed by cutting edge technology that cross checks millions of data points for absolute accuracy. And while they work on your taxes, you can get real time updates on their progress and get the most money back all while you go about your day. Which means less stress for you and the best possible outcome for your return. It's 2025. It's time to file like it now. This is taxes Intuit TurboTax. Get an expert now@turbotax.com.


Is that people see? Yeah. You think they're Nordic? The Tall Whites? No, the tall whites are a different thing. What do you mean they're they're they're tall. They're White. Wait a minute, how many are there? There's a lot. Oh yeah, there's A lot. Wait a minute. The tall whites and the Nordics are different People Mistake them, but they're different. I thought. Now I'll tell you lore, I don't know what's real, but Charles Hall's tall whites are not the same. He called them the, the Nordics. He called 'em the Norwegians with 23 teeth. What? 23 teeth. How many do we have? Three. Two. Oh, so they have less teeth I guess Probably from eating mushy food all those years, You know, or Josh shrunk. But they calling 'em Nordic. Right? Is assuming that this isn't complete bullshit, which let's face it probably is, but let's say it's not bullshit.


I don't think they are Nordic. I think they're fucking German. And I think they're doing a little if those, if they are real. This all white blonde society, that dude, I always call him jazz jabi, but his name Jason Giani had, he said something really interesting about what are these stories of, this is like a fifth dimensional race screwing around there. There are architectures like pyramids and brutalism, they're always wearing the same outfits. Right. They haven't evolved from anything. Right. Right. Why are they in uniform? So he, and and you've heard this before about the time travel aspect, right? Because if you did have those kind of things, which I don't know if they have or not, that is automatic. He's right about i a hundred percent That's time dilation. That means you have a time machine.


So let's say, here's a silly story that the German acorn, that belling dea that nobody knew about until the seventies and that, What are you talking about? They found that German bell-shaped where they had like mercury plasma rotation to try to make it levitate. Remember? Oh yeah. What was that DEA Pull. Pull that up Jamie. So I can refresh my mind. Dea. So what do you mean you think that, I don't know, these tall whites were actually Germans. The Nordics Or the Nordics? The Nordics were actually Germans. Yeah. Let's say like, you think they were actually like Nazi scientists or something? No. Remember those camps where they bred people to make What? You don't remember The Nazis had camps of blanche to make to breed s to encourage it.


I missed that chapter. Really? Lemme check this out. Hold On. That's like the sexiest part of it. That's real. This Nazi bell. Yes. Have we covered this before too? No, It is real. But it's, it doesn't mean it's necessarily, it was a working UFO I mean in no way claiming that. I'm just saying this is stuff people know about already. I vaguely remember talking about this. But let's say they mastered something akin to that. Okay. Okay. Just vaguely. And then you send 'em to Planet Al Deon or whatever they call it, which is how many millions of light years away. If you could go to that planet at fast and light, then you have now gone into the past, right? 'cause it's relative. These are relative positions. Yeah. So now you're 50 million years ahead of us, even though you came out of us.


And if you wanna come back, right? The way this would work is you could fly back to like Mars or the Earth 50 million years because the distances we're talking about, there has to be like time travel involved. And then let's say you had that kind of control, Hey, why don't I put my DNA and stuff and make it in my own image, remake all of it. And, and then you cock it up and then you do the cycle over and over again. Like a re, Jason Gioni didn't make that up. I, that's where I go. This sounds like Samsara, some rich assholes make a breakaway civilization try to remake the world their image. It cocks up like an Atlantis myth of some kind. And then the record plays keeps playing. Maybe intelligent beings just consistently fuck up because they keep pushing the boundaries of their abilities and their intelligence no matter how smart they are.


And even, you know, like we do stupid shit in other countries. We fuck around with, You know, installing new leaders. Act like God, pretend you're God. But just think of what we do in other countries. Now imagine you're taking it to so many levels of intelligence and ability far beyond what we have. And you come here, you would cock up these monkeys. Yes you would, you would definitely do it. You would think you were in the Right to, and then you'd blame the monkeys. You'd blame them. You'd go, oh, it's 'cause you were bad. Well, we would just say, look, the odds of them making it to an intergalactic society within the next five to 10 million years is very low. You know, and here's, here's if that theory's correct, look, chimpanzees are still around. They are our distant cousins and they didn't fucking change.


Right. They're exactly the same. And then there was a whole ton of different versions of us that didn't fucking make it either. Yeah. The whole, its, it seems like, well, You know what evolution is? See This's another thing Jehovah Witnesses, we had a book called How Did Life Get Here? By Evolution or by Creation. Okay. Which was against Evolu. Right. That's a false, that's not what evolution is. Okay. I didn't know that till later. I'm not saying whether anything's true or not. I'm just telling you, I I was told the wrong thing. It doesn't, evolution isn't about if there's a God who created it or not. Evolution is change over time. Right? It's the origin of species, not of all life. Right. In the universe. Right. Just of speciation. Well, you know, Brett Weinstein, have you ever heard him talk about it on this podcast that he has not that a fascinating theory.


He's like, 'cause he was talking about how co not, well I shouldn't say it's a theory and I shouldn't even say it's his. It's just like there's an understanding of what evolution is. That there's a missing element and there's some sort of missing force that we haven't recognized yet. And that would account for why some changes are so rapid and 'cause you have two, two things, right? You have natural selection and then you have random mutation. Right? This is what's supposed to create All the, he thinks there's an additional force they haven't recognized yet. Of course. Yeah. And the thing about us is whatever additional force that was was so much more impactful, bizarrely. So where we can do, we are, there's not even an animal that's remotely close to us.


Yeah. Right? There's no animals that are making bows and arrows yet. Right. It's just us and everything else is way behind. Whereas every other kind of organization or organism rather on earth is in like a tight knit struggle with All the things around it to balance out the population. Except for us, we seem unnatural. We do, we, we seem like we popped up too quick. Like we're adolescent and we're just wild. And we, we haven't figured out what the fuck we are yet. We don't fall into nature the way All the other animals do. We change nature around us, right? We create our own environment, which is a completely alien thing on the scale of what we do.


And compared to every Other, right. You call it well or every Other organism on earth can't do that. So if you did up, but There's invasive species though. But if You did, that's what we might be. But if you did cock up a, a whole planet with your DNA and stick it into some ancient human, some Australia epi or something and create a person, this is probably how it would turn out. Well think of that story of, 'cause you know All the, All the algorithm of of his, his UFO or God's bastard Angels Sons Nephilim. Well there's a lot of people that believe that. Right? These Are, but think of That themes, aliens and demon. I go By themes. So Right. So You know, it is like when Twilight came out as a teen romance, you're like, yo, that guy's like 300 and that chick's only 17.


I know. It's so creepy. What the fuck is this shit? The ultimate pedophile movie. So Nephilim or Nephi, I dunno how you say it, but the, the like for an angel in that story, I'm just saying within the lore of the story, I'm not saying anything's true or not. Think of how perverse that is. It's a cross between pe pedophilia and bestiality basically. Right. That they committed. Right? Because they're thousands of years old and they're from another planet And they, they yeah. Right. Bred with the humans Essentially. So that the, the crime of that. It's so degenerate. Like what you can see is this. But Don't you think that's like an allegory? No, I'm saying the themes scale up and down. Right? So that's why Ma, if you talk like Duncan, I always talk to about this kind of stuff. 'cause he knows all these like creepy ass magic people and he's like really like a nice person and like, and, and I'm like, He's just interested in a lot of things man.


Well listen, I, I'm interested in a lot of things and I'll watch if some of these people, okay. Because I wanna know things and I'm real quickly aware of if you're telling me anything interested or if you're just doing this some aesthetic presentation because you like the rock and roll aspect, which by the way is the biggest piece of shit aspect of the whole thing that that like All The rock and roll satanism, is that what you're saying? Of just like America, the thing where people are like, oh, everybody hates pedophiles, right? I mean there's pedophile hunters, amateur, All the music. It wasn't Joe Dog Kelly. All the music that you like, those guys, if any of this stuff, they did happen now and they knew about it. Like they, it's cri like Bowie w was banging a 13-year-old that later Iggy Pop passed around Iggy Pop.


Like that's just normal shit they did. You know that, right? No Dude, it's all in their own books. They write Jesus. Don't you remember you write confessional books And it was cool to say the crimes you've done in life and it became not cool. I never read any of those books. Well, I didn't either. Did you Ever read it? Jimmy Jamie didn't know it either. Of course, Of course. You just crack opened your second White Claw. No, There's a Three Claw podcast, those books. And I'm gonna start reading. I haven't started yet. How did we started with vampires? I want, I don't remember. We were, well the Going, the version of that. So, so there's this theme in everything science fiction where somebody did something and for some reason is my fault for being born. And then the thing that how you're describing all these, these they these adolescent kind of species that, yeah, okay.


I, I'm so sick of the blame being mo if they had to train people with kindergarten because not enough people wanted to pull the trigger in war. That's a fact. That's how we got our school system was a Prussian emperor going, they're wasting bullets 'cause they don't wanna kill people. We gotta get 'em younger. So we have killers for the army and workers and good school people. Well they were, they were getting people too late, right? So that means our natural thing is not really, see they always put it like your scumbag leaders start blowing people up. It's like, when are we gonna learn asshole? We, we've, everybody that voted for Trump wanted him to not be doing what he's doing. Now. One thing is good is all maga people are calling it out and good for them.


People don't want this shit anymore. So somebody else Else. Are you talking about like the bombings in Yemen? Yeah. And then you gotta hear how humans are an immature species. No, somebody is on purpose. Probably our leaders probably wealthy eugenics. If you want to get spacey, probably trans dimensional trillionaires who transitioned out of having a soul and now cannot transition back. So everything's a scam to trick you. Hey, why don't you asshole project outta your body. Get outta your body for a little bit, like get you outta your car so I can take it. I look at all these things like coffee zilla scams. So the alien shit where they, they made a deal with the aliens. That's like a Nigerian prince scam. You know, like Ukraine is Nigerian prince scam to me, an old man got a letter please, my friend in Christ, I am the rightful ruler of Ukraine and he just gives all your money.


Grandpa, don't give Ukraine All the money. I gotta help the rightful president of Ukraine. You could scale that up to every story. And it's always the same thing. Some trickery like a crypto scam. And, and then the aliens aren't what they said at first. They're doing bad stuff. These are just themes. You didn't You have Diana Posca on here? Yes. I dunno if she said this term on here or I saw on another thing, but she called them myth themes almost like, like a, I interpreted as like Legos that you build the stories. So, so many stories, right? The Bible training was good for me because most of our stories are like just variations on Bible stories, right? Yeah. But at the end of the day, it's all programming. And I'm not saying that 'cause it's bad.


I'm saying human nature is programmability and all these stories that you have and depending on, like if you're Eastern Dracula, Catholic Orthodox, they're really big on the symbol programming. But isn't that the most fascinating aspect of us? Yes. Is the programmability Who gave these priests, these corrupt priest class, the codes to work us. 'cause the Pharaohs for example, in Egypt, if you look at their society, there's a guy named Mark Windows that he had. Wallace, he has a, he did a thing about this Wallace budge book called Egyptian Black Magic from 1910. Wallace Budge apparently is like the real Indiana Jones. Like some, some guy adventurer archeologist. So he wrote all all about it.


So I haven't read the book. Malice has a copy of it. But this guy, it might be his interpretation, mark windows, or it might be in the book, but it's a society ruled by OCD, you know, cause it wasn magic. The, the leaders are like the least powerful ones at the end of the day. They're like performers. They go out, they're stupid headdress. They're being inbred by a priest class like dogs or like dune, right? And they go, you've gotta prepare. And they're doing homework for their afterlife. So in the Book of the Dead, it's like, then you get to the riverboat man and you must say how many oars you see. And if there's two oars and it sounds like the three amigos finding El guapo like shoot your gun. And the singing bushman will, it's like bullshit.


And they spend all their day just planning to die. Okay. Anaan the guy that they hated because they said he was like monotheist. I don't think he was, I think he was dodging their system 'cause they had so many priests and Gods getting so much EEE aid money. I guess that it was getting ridiculous. And I bet this guy was like, look, the sun's the main representative of the thing. Let's just slim down our operation. 'cause this is crazy. And that deep state of Egypt didn't like that. And that's why, you know what I mean? Like I bet you it's some shit like that that I think of it. All these things in those terms, how, or the Dalai Lama priest that, well, wait a Minute. There's no fucking deep state.


If you're running an empire, if you're like a or the Roman Emperor. Yes, there was What, what kind of deep state is there? Yeah, They're All the mythical. But The thing about the deep state is like, the idea of it in this country is that leaders come and go. But these people always remain. They're Not the top leaders, the shadow government's, the top leaders In secret societies and in secret intelligence agencies. At the very top, there's people, regardless of who's the president, they're running the show. They're in charge of everything. But that didn't exist with like, It's, it's the danger. Romans. Yeah.


This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. Sometimes speed is a huge asset. Like in the ring or on the field. Being quicker than your opponent could be the difference between winning and losing In the world of business, it could be the difference between finding or missing out on your next great hire. Luckily you can speed up the hiring process with ZipRecruiter. Their new zip intro feature can help you meet several interested qualified candidates at once, kind of like speed dating. And right now You can try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro works fast to find the people you need. You can literally post your job today and start talking to candidates in back to back calls tomorrow. It's that fast. And best of all, this feature does a lot of the legwork for you. It finds you top talent for your role and schedules those calls. All you need to do is pick a time. Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with zip intro only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro Post jobs today, talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


The finals are here. And the only thing that's for sure is it's the last time to bet on college basketball. This season get in on All the action expected and unexpected with Draftking Sportsbook. With live betting exclusive content promos and parlays. DraftKings is the ultimate college basketball destination. As we reach the finals first time, here's something special just for you. New DraftKings customers bet $5 to get $150 in bonus bets instantly bet the unexpected with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. If you or someone you know has a GAMBLING PROBLEM, call the Virginia problem gambling helpline at 8 8 8 5 3 2 3521 and over Virginia only Eligibility restrictions apply. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g dot coast slash audio.


The history, I think the history, all history. Do you think that that's how it was with ancient Romans? A hundred percent mystery schools. But pe do you know what a mystery school is? Okay, Freemasons already I all of these secret societies. So there's always like a, some sort of a secret society that constantly influences leaders. Here's One the triumvirate. Remember Caesar and scroll Up a little Jamie so I can read the headline. 10 Surprising things about the deep state, starting with the Roman Emperor Caligula. Wow. Wait. Some basic truths that never go away. A former dean at the University of Maryland School of Public Policy explains, so they had a deep state. It's the oldest thing, Same sort of thing, right? It's priest in king versus kings fascist versus perverts. Whoa. The Roman emperor surrounded himself with a handpicked pretorian guard to keep him safe.


However, elite members of the guard knifed him in a corridor of what was the White house of its day. Counting on the fey of even the closest experts isn't always a good bet. Wow. Yeah, you gotta play the game. Wait, wait. But you know, So there was people trying to assassinate everybody back then, but, but it's Also, do you know this Julius Caesar and Pompe and the other guy the triumvirate was called where the three of them divided up Rome among themselves? You've heard of that, right? Look at this with hold a here. Ancient Chinese emperors discovered they couldn't rule effectively without nonpartisan experts. Long before Caligula met his end. The emperors established a civil service filled with the experts who had passed an incredibly rigorous exam. Yeah, right? Researchers have called it the examination system from hell, which included, among other things, memorizing 400,000 characters of a Confucian text.


Cheating on the exam was discouraged. Anyone caught looking on the paper of the person sitting nearby was executed. That's Discouraging. Well, that sounds like the right way to do it. What? That's a great idea. Like, make sure that anybody who's gonna do that has to go through a crazy rigorous exam. Like why don't they have that? When you see people that are like congress, people that are like, how did that fucking cooch get in office? His family's involved in their connected and it's a, it's, it's giving a favor job. How About that lady that dresses like a character in a Muppets movie? Who, you know that one lady with the blue hair and the crazy glasses? She doesn't even look like a real person. Not the purple hair witch lady. The Purple. Yeah, the witch lady. Oh yeah. Where's she from? Connecticut or something? I Don't know. But that kind of person, if You're that old dressing like that, she looks like a mom who's son gets molested by Michael Jackson.


And she didn't know that's what she looks like. What? There's no way she's passing that rigorous exam. Like a rigorous exam would be a great idea. They don't even read the bills they signed. They don't have to read. Thomas Massey reads them. Yeah, dude. Trump going after him as one of the worst, oh wait, hold on, I'm gonna forget. Well, wasn't there A thing that was, here's a, there's like been multiple versions of bills that got passed where it's not physically possible to read the entire bill within the amount of time they were given. Oh, that's not grounds to not believe in the entire government, just that alone. But isn't that true? Like, aren't some of them, like what is the, they Do it All the time. But Let's find out what is the longest bill that's ever been passed? Like how many pages?


Let's just imagine and let's find, try to find out what the, now imagine also these people are congress people, so they have very rigorous schedules. You know, they're, they're fucking busy as shit all day long. Yeah. Fundraising and they're suppo and they're doing a lot of that too. And then they have to read how many pages. Well Then they got a trip to Israel with their APAC coach. 5,593 pages, the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021. The longest bill ever passed by Congress. The act was signed into law by President Trump on December 27th, 2020. As you can imagine, the act contains a variety of provisions including $1.4 trillion appropriations package to fund the government through September 30th, 2021.


And a long awaited COVID-19 relief package in the amount of $900 billion. Yeah, that was This Update that was, now here's the thing about the covid relief stuff, was that loans, like how does that work? Like if You, it was the biggest upward transfer of wealth in the history of humanity. It was, They should have never signed it. Mass was against it. You could see like the amount of money people lost and the amount of money people gained and it's the exact same amount of money. You know, what's the great thing about America? It's like 3.6 trillion, 3.9 trillion just goes, right? This is what I like about America probably the most because you know, in Australia they punked out to lockdown fascist shit because you know why the government paid their bills Also.


They don't wanna make guns. And they gave up their guns a long time ago like suckers. But here, because they don't even want you to have social security that you paid into. They're doing everything to get rid of that. They Medicare for all. That's not for you. That's for other countries that we give your money to. Did you see what Elon discovered about social security? What did you see? See if you can find it, Jamie, about the number of illegal aliens who are receiving social security and we'll Kick 'em off. But it's, there's like a scam to it all. This is a part of the incentive incentivization. This is how you incentivize people to vote for your party. If you can allow these people to vote. And this is part of the scam. Oh yeah, yeah. If you've got 'em in the social security system, they're getting Medicaid, they're getting food stamps, whatever they're getting.


If as soon as You can label them, they were talking about this one doctor, we had a video that we played. She was explaining how she was being encouraged to ask questions like, do you have a back ache? Do you have headaches? Okay, you can have permanent disability, You might need to transition. That's what they do. Your head hurt. You're trans. Do they Do, do they try to transition immigrants? I heard that was true, but then I said, that's too ridiculous. You don't have to try. Everybody wants it. It's safe, effective. It's as great as a covid booster. Do it today. I heard it's reversible. Really? They can make you a dong outta your leg. They take a big chunk of meat outta your leg. Make you a new dong. Yeah. Somebody already did that.


Wait, What were we just googling Jamie looking The social security stuff? Yeah, Well, yeah, I, nobody wants fraud. Okay. But what they don't want is that the government, and look, maybe it's a terrible idea. The government does anything I I I, I'm sure it's better to have a corporation the size of a government do it. I with no constitution and I have no rights with it. That's a good idea. And I have an automated response. I think an AI telling me if my insurance comes through or not. I'm sure that's better. Yeah, that's Better. Luigi Andoni didn't feel like that. I, they say I can't find it. Yeah, free. The free Luigi thing was really crazy. But, but if they, because the America treats its own kids like garbage. That's the saving grace. So the next lockdown or bullshit, they've already lost the tr during lockdowns.


There ain't nothing to do. But looking into shit is how I looked at it, you know? And I know a lot of ex-cons that know a lot of more current events than me. 'cause they were locked down and just got Informed. That is when you got deep. But also you started working with Jimmy Dore as soon as you started working with Jimmy Dore, you, you immediately, Well first Barry, but he told me Jimmy was a good dude. I didn't, I didn't know Barry Krems. Yeah. And Barry, the things he used to tell me about esp, you know, by the way, sanctuary cities, that's a Republican thing, you know that right. I think that's Reagan. The concept of a sanctuary city was Reagan because as, as the great Bernie Sanders sometimes then not said Dutch is a co brothers proposition. Open borders. Right? But then the Democrats suddenly hate open borders after they were all like, no, we gotta have borders.


And then, and then the people that they wind up with their programming are still running around driving their fat scooters into Teslas. Like it matters. But those are the same people that I was talking about earlier. Those Tesla protestors, they're the same people that join cults. They're the same people that That don't know Democrats mostly on Teslas Idiot. They're the same people that are getting paid to go to the rallies. There's a certain underclass of really fucking dumb people out there that you can exploit. You can get them to do a lot of shit, man. And I would say the government employees are that, look, if you're hiring Them All the time for protests, they're essentially government employees that are just designed to do to, to perform propaganda.


If you're, yeah, if you're using government money and you're paying people to go to a rally and you're giving them signs and you're making them cheer and you're giving 'em money and food. So I found this is an article on Daily mail, but they're discussing what he said at the Wisconsin rally this week. I think about social security and illegal aliens. Okay. It says lawfully present non-citizens of the United States who meet all eligibility requirements can qualify for social security benefits. The SSA website states this rule also applies to non-citizens authorized to work in the United States. Who got a social security number after December of 2003rd. Well, Did they pay into it or no? I don't think, I don't know what, let me finish this. Still clips the ex explanation and other portions of the Wisconsin event quickly went viral on Musk's social media app X as users cheered the fraud finding effort.


It's absolutely infuriating. One user wrote in response. I hate when they do that. Like we post people's tweets. Yeah. One user said like, stop Biden and t, you're forming a narrative. There's a lot of users. Well look, Biden and team were bringing in millions of immigrants and putting them on benefits. Another user wrote reacting to the SSA numbers. I know Elon keeps saying it was for votes, but that can't be the only reason. They're correct. They're Correct. We, our military people join the military is all time blow. I sent you that Dick Durbin talking about we need new cops. We who don't want the money that old cops got. We need new workers, like at Purdue where they fired citizens from a government program to bring in asylum seekers and pay them less.


It's always about lowering your pay. Every single goddamn thing is we gotta be competitive. It says people sometimes this is Musk saying, people sometimes think that under the Biden administration he was simply asleep with a switch. They weren't asleep. That's correct. At the Switch's, it was a massive large scale program to import as many illegals as possible. Ultimately to change the entire voting map of the United States and disenfranchise the American people and make it a permanent deep blue one party state from which there would be no escape. The 53-year-old entrepreneur shared another user reacted on X. Okay. He's right. But it, it's not just that. It's not just that. Okay, Add this, there's another article I was gonna bring up.


They said that they've, these claims are being claimed, but then they've like asked for evidence and they haven't Received which claims exactly Entitlements fraud here specifically. Like he brought it up on this podcast, Right. It says in an interview with us. Okay. And it says the single biggest thing they're worried about is Doge going to turn off fraudulent payments of entitlements. Okay. It says this lacks evidence. Unauthorized immigrants are not eligible for most safety net benefits. And there's no evidence to suggest they're, they're committing fraud mass not to obtain them. But hold on. It's not fraud. If you, if you ask people they have headaches and then you give them permanent social security or you ask them if they have bad backs, who the fuck that's 40 doesn't have a bad back.


All you have to do is say your back hurts. And bam. If that's, if they were really encouraging people to do that and they really are giving them social security numbers, why are you doing that? Okay. It's not just buying, you're not doing it 'cause you're super nice. You're not doing it 'cause you're super, well I'll Tell you why You're doing it. 'cause you want them to vote for you. So you know, 13, right? It's not just voting those gangs. MS 13 is now gone from El Salvador. It's birth and it's in America. Only America's a surveillance state. How do you not know? You have these people The, what I'm worried about here is I'm all for taking the unauthorized people off. Show the evidence, obviously. But here's the problem. MS 13, you know those people, they just deported all them people.


They rounded up. They're getting, what do you call it? Collateral damage that I don't agree with and I think is pretty fucked up. That gay hairdresser you brought up. Yes, we played the clip. Yeah. He's not in trend ua. They just had a crown. So when you make, Yeah, well he had a crown for his mom and a crown for his dad. There's A soccer player who was fleeing the, who got tortured by the Maduro government who I thought All the conservatives don't like. 'cause he's a commie. And that guy came here after towing water for the CIA. Basically, it was how I look at it. And, 'cause he had a soccer ball with a crown. They threw him on the thing. Nevermind the girl, the PhD student who wrote an op-ed about Gaza and got deported for supporting Hamas.


That's crazy. Yeah. What was the op-ed, did you read it? No, but you can write an op-ed. It could have been something really bad. No, but it was, it was criticizing Israel, right. For their actions. Oh, That's what she did. I'm sorry. That's bad. I She should be deported. My bad. She's a guest. No, but I mean, don't get to have our rights just 'cause you are here. But that's a crazy thing to deport someone for to like, if you're talking about like horri, what? Horrific damage. Horrific. You could see it on video. Like how could, how could criticizing that, how could you not be allowed to have a perspective on something that's like clearly horrific? Like how could you not be allowed Because it doesn't help our team. But Was what she said, did she support Hamas in that paper?


No. Or did she just condemn Israel and their attacks? I don't remember her ever supporting Hamas in the paper. I know she said Palestinians. Did you question? No, but let's say she goes, Hey Hamas, let's say this was in the paper. She goes, you know, who supported Hamas? Bibe. Milowski, excuse me. Netanyahu, the prime minister of Israel for 20, you know how I gave up on Hamas in 2006? Yeah. Because I'm like, they're no good. Well, bibe thought it was a good strategy to prop them up to fight the West Bank Palestinians so that they could never have a two party state from that treaty that they agreed to, but never intended to keep. So that's your fault motherfucker.


This girl supported Hamas not as much as the prime minister of Israel did, did she? With millions of your tax dollars that we send to them for their great game theory based strategy. Somebody goes, do you understand game theory? Who Says that to you? A comic. I like Avi. You know, I Don't say his name. I I like the guy. It such a crazy thing to say. Of Course a lot. I I'm not against Israel existing or any of this bullshit that people make up. Of course not. And I'm not antisemitic. First of all, I get a lot of antisemitism at me. I remember talking about on stage, I'm like, oh, 'cause your nose, somebody said from the audience like, yeah, that's probably, yeah, probably if I wear glasses, it looks at my eyebrows and nose were included with my glasses. You know, I'm saying. So if they round, I get it.


If they round up Jews, I'll be just like one of these Venezuelans. It's not in a gang. And I'll be sent to spare Guantanamo, which is what El Salvador is again, Venezuelan gangs not going to Venezuela where they're from. They, you're sending 'em to the MS 13 prison that, you know, I was worried at first hearing about it. 'cause I'm like, what if you get the wrong person? That's my concern. That's The number one Concern. But luckily these geniuses have all tattooed MS 13 on their fucking head. So if the gangs ever learn not to do that, we're fucked. If they learn not to tattoo their dumb shit gang symbol on their face, we won't be able to catch them. Well, that's the only way you can trust a guy. It's, it's, you gotta wear the cars. And you know what's so funny about the gang shit?


Amer, first of all, I believe 100%, CIA and whoever in coordination with whatever dumb group made those gangs in America. 'cause the drive-by shootings that the Capone era kind of thing. Yeah. The blacks were not doing that until after Vietnam. The guys coming back from Vietnam were bringing tactics, gorilla tactics to the hood. You could see it really the document. Really? Yeah. It's in the, there's bunch documentaries about it. So it's, people come back from Vietnam if you notice. But What about like Al Capone and all that type of shit? Well, they, they had Tommy guns and cars and I don't know, I don't even know how much they did that. Didn't They do drive-bys? Yes, but I'm talking about black gangs. Black gangs. They got flooded with guns, Chinese guns, a lot of them.


Right. And crack. And right around the same time, private prisons were coming into really getting to be a thing. Then gangster then why'd the rap suddenly turn from like hip hop hip to like, you know, gangster. Right. And the guys doing the rapping Ice cube. He talks about this and he is like, well we, we we're poor kids who don't know anything. Right? Right. So I understand that. But then you realize the guy that owns, he said to Bill Maher's fucking thing, the guy that owns the record company, also controlling shares of a private prison. And they're like, we need give us more of that drug gangster stuff. Now the drug stuff is because they were on purpose, obviously putting crack in the hood. Like all those conspiracy theorist Hotep guys told us that.


You're like, well, it doesn't mean you have to do it. Right. That's the clever response to that. But they did it on purpose. That's pretty fucked up. What do you mean it doesn't, it doesn't mean you have to do it. You mean A comic? You have a joke by the way. Okay. Let's say c I did put crack in the hood. Does that mean you have to do it? Oh right, okay. Which is a a a real kind of like you're not from there and you don't know shit what you're talking about. Have you ever seen Freeway Ricky talk about it? Yes. And Of course the CIA worked with him some dirt bag Cuban crazy. Crazy. Yeah. And Rick, now a prison guard ha uses his name to sell crime to kids. But freeway Rick Ross went to prison. Okay. Yeah. So by the way, that cartel, the Mena Arkansas cartel run by Bill Clinton, I believe a hundred percent in Kathy O'Brien's book.


Maybe people thought Kathy O'Brien's book was farfetched when it came out in the nineties. But I would go back and I got an audible, go back and listen to it because it's amazing how much of this stuff correlates to stuff right now. So, so they brought all that in the hood on purpose to finance the Contras. Who Ben Shapiro will tell you were the good guys. But they were not, they were scumbags. Barry Crimmins used to always tell me about this stuff. And I go, who cares about Nicaragua in the eighties? Dude, Reagan's dead. That's how I thought about it, because I'm dumb. I'm slow, dude. I'm not smart. I'm slow. It took years for it to dawn on me. What he was talking about was a hundred percent relevant. And since I've been on Jimmy's show and, and the few good reporters that are left in the universe, I I, I'll see their stuff.


You know, Aaron mate and Max Blumenthal, by the way, both Jews not antisemitic, do great reporting. And they don't, and people call 'em conspiracy theorists and they, they like to be respectable. I could tell. 'cause IIII wanna get into wacky shit. I wanna know crazy stuff and I wanna know the boring nerd stuff so I can try to see where they meet. That's right. I'm not trying to be, I'm not respectable at all. I'm a clown. So I don't give a shit if you think I'm respectable. No, it's the perfect position to be in to look at ridiculous ideas because there's so many ridiculous ideas that turn out to actually be true. How Many jokes do you have? You had? 'cause I think I have like a lot of jokes that you already had. The thing about it. So I'm like, oh, I have to drop that. 'cause you very few people have a similar interest to what I would look at.


Right? Oh, you and I. Yeah. Oh yeah. All the time. And what do you call it? Like, I forgot what I was gonna say. I lost it. Completely lost. But that's the best way to approach it. 'cause then you're not afraid to be ridiculous. 'cause the problem talking about UFOs or ghosts or any anything is like, You can look ridiculous. Like if you're a guy who's an accountant and you're working on a big deal for a corporation and you're responsible for a lot of numbers, nobody wants to hear you talk about UFO abductions. That's a retarded thing to talk about. That's right. You make people uncomfortable in the office. This is silly, right? No, but that's probably not even real. You see Mike Ben's talking about it recently on, what did he say?


There was a redact. That guy's great man, god damn. He chimed in on that Sean Ryan thing that I sent you to Jamie. He chimed in on it on the next page. Look, it was like a multi-page thing that I sent you, Jamie, just so everybody understands. And on the second, hold on a second, on the second thing. It was interesting what Mike Ben was saying. That guy I, I mean I'm like, how do you sleep dude? He's like, not that good's like I don't sleep a lot. Well it's upsetting you to learn stuff, but you know, what's the thing that makes you crazy? Here's they're bribing the Afghan Taliban war loops. There You go. To keep the drugs flowing. That's what the US Institute of Peace Payments were for. That's exactly right. Because we have a fentanyl problem and we had our troops guarding poppy fields for Petter as warlords.


You know about all that. Dancing boys Afghanistan and how we would sometimes bring boys to the Northern Alliance, United States Institute of Feet of Peace funded Taliban and Iraqi leaders. The now canceled USIP contracts included a hundred thirty three thirty $2,000 for Hamad Kassim, Halmi Afghanistan's, former Chief Protocol chief of protocol, and a former Taliban member. And a staggering 1.3 million to the Al Hamon Iraqi league for youth. It's like everything named that. You just assume it's something bad, dude. Well that's how they'd like to do it, right? Like, You know, like the Patriot act, like that kind of thing.


Like you can just say, call it usaid. Say put it, give it a nice Name. It's so insulting, you know? Yeah. That's what I find hilarious is like these people can't believe the same tricks that have always worked, don't work forever, You know? Right. Well they don't have new tricks. Yeah. And it's also with the internet now. And guys like Mike Ben who spends like five hours a day breaking this shit down online and then it spreads out. And Whitney Webb and all these different people that are like constantly and Jimmy and you and constantly talking about this stuff. It's very difficult to hide things anymore. Well, once you realize, 'cause just from being on the road and talking to people, or when I see like Trump introducing it, my good friend Lindsey Graham, whenever I've been with the left, they talk to Lindsey Graham and the whole crowd booze.


Yes. So that's 'cause mag's not the brainwashed ones. Right. See Democrats, I wouldn't even say some are brainwashed, but mostly you literally get paid to be a Democrat. Like if you're an actor or you're anything, the way you get not paid is not being a Democrat. Do You see what's going on in France? What happened now? So this woman who was the head of the Oh, Maria Lap Penn getting, oh yeah, yeah. So she, to should made a deal with Israel. Like Trump. What, what happened with her? What would the they, she lost some sort of a lawsuit and Yeah, Lawfare, they law fared her out because she's getting popular because they're swarming immigrants. That plan's real. See, that's the thing. It's not just Democrats, it's NGOs.


But It's also the fact that you can, you can do this with Lawfare, not just in am AmericaCorps attempted to do it in America. You know? I mean it's essentially the same thing that happened to Trump. I just wonder if it'll have the same type of rebound. I guess she's appealing it. They have No guns. They have no guns. They put a giant butt slug in the middle of Paris one time and they made article. Everybody was so crazy. They Go, why is everybody so afraid of a Godzilla sized butt plug? Why are you worried about your anus? Relax. Because I'm not worried about my anus that wouldn't go in my anus. I wanna know who you made that for and when they're gonna be here. Usaid. USAID spent $2 trillion on that butt plug. Oh my God. Show me the butt plug Jamie. Yeah, please.


The giant French butt plug statue When people say degenerate art. And I, and I saw the tweet of it and I'm like, 'cause the, it's so, like there's a, that is an uncomfortable Nazi connection to me about saying, but there's no other word for baking a giant butt plug in the center of your fucking, that's degenerate. There's not a word for that besides degenerate. There just isn't. There was some crazy violence between Oh my God. And then getting mad at the people when they go that such An obvious butt plug. Yo French people were like, what for the French to say, what the fuck is this shit? Paul mcc? You are, Hey, click on that. Paul McCartney beaten up. McCarthy. McCarthy. Oh, McCarthy. I Saw. Didn't a couple. Check, check. Yeah. No, Paul McCarthy Is Paul Shit. I was hoping that Paul McCarthy was complaining about it.


Another One. Oh, he, this is his theme. Oh, he's a butt plug guy. Oh, he's a freak. Can I see a photo of this gentleman? I bet he's a freak. You know, it wouldn't be a big deal. Is that him? I have no idea. No, no. It's his French P French president. This is wonderful. I love a good butt plug. You know what this reminds me of? Remember Sam Smith's devil top hat performance at the Grammys that people got mad about And they go, there was always satanic shit. Look At this one. He made this dude's. Is that dude butt fucking a dog? Is that what I'm seeing? They're pigs. I think they're pigs. If you make transgressive art, why would you want the government of France to put it in the town square? Like the point This guy is butt fucking pigs.


Well that's, if Anything, what is he making? What is this? So a guy who makes butt fuck statues, it's called train. How much did he, it's called train. How much did he get paid to make that butt plug? Find out how much that Oh, 20. Find out how much that French butt plug cost. Do you think that stuff like that is done to Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Here one experience is fully articulated body parts right down to the male figures, pursed lips and the pig's heaving chest. All in service of a mesmerizing tableau that redefine sculpture form. Redefine sculptural form.


It's a guy fucking opinion. Yeah, it redefine sculptural form. It's like the James Lindsay. Those fake tapes. Those fake papers. Exactly. It's almost like the same thing, but how much did this guy get paid for that butt plug? I wanna find out. Take a guess. Let's before we do it, okay. Wait, Wait, wait. It's gotta be the millions, obviously. Yeah. $2 million million. Is it more or less than we gave the Taliban by mistake? Well, we gave them on purpose every month. Right? I'm gonna say 50 million because that's the standard Illuminati payment for degenerate art. Wow. I said two. I think I'm off. I think it's less than two. Oh, how much? I hope I'm trying to find out. And don't forget to convert the francs. Duh. Do they use euros over there? Yeah. It was supposed To be a Christmas tree.


That's What it was called. Yeah. It looks like one from a guy like fucking, and they called it says he Admitted to, it was supposed to be a joke. You know, it is a joke. Oh, it's a joke. But he got paid for it. What do you think that guy paid? I think it's about two, but I mean 1.7. I feel like I feel like 1.7 million. I need to know Jamie. I don't Try. I don't. I bet it's more because it's gotta be some kind of money laundering. Because why would you do that? Leaving 1.7 million is money laundering. That's a butt plug. It's worth $30, But it's so visible. See, like, it's just so Stupid. It's so obviously a butt plug. It's like if you had a rubber gun and tried to say no, that's not a gun. What are you mad? That's A lighter. Oh, ever seen a lighter like that? That's all it is. It's a lighter. Oh, what do you think? There's a war on Christmas.


Yeah, There's a war on Christianity. So I put a butt plug in the middle of town square. You know who Loves Christmas by the way? China. China. When I was there, it was Christmas. They sell A lot of stuff. They, dude, they took off with Christmas in China. They love it. Sure. It's a good time to sell things. It's Great for, yeah, they get it. It's Great. Otherwise, like, we're not gonna spend above your means. We need a few holidays to spend above your means. It's important. Put you in credit card debt. It keeps the magic going. Yes. See, Wiley, our economy is not even a pyramid. It's Wiley coyote before he looks down, basically. So as long as we can keep you from looking down, you might, let's Imagine. Yeah, let's imagine AI becomes sentient and it looks at the society and says, listen, I'm not gonna kill y'all.


But we gotta, we gotta change the way you guys run things. You can't run things anymore. The way what you've done with money and natural resources and all these different, All the stuff that you've done has just made the world a worse place and you're just running towards the bottom. So It's gonna punish the leaders. Yeah. It'll, well, what'll basically no more private jets, like even out everything. Like it'll probably have to eliminate Property again. Who's programming the now? I, It's probably going to assign us a certain amount of things that we can have in our life. And no one can get greedy and no one can earn more. So there's no reason to get inspired. And who's, Who's making this ai? You think the person making No AI's gonna do it for itself.


Okay. You know what a Yeah, I know the promise. You know what a gole is? A gole? Yes. Okay. It's made outta clay, right? Yeah. Like a DRA monster. But it's a Frankenstein monster of mud and the go, there's a story of this guy esoterica or his channel's good. Just it's very academic. He's not like conspiracy anything. He just studies his stuff. But the theme of it is like one rabbi makes a gole and he puts Tav, I can't remember the letters name of God on his head. Right? So it's alive and sends it to another rabbi. And that rabbi, I'm really paraphrasing, but he is like, oh, his goal's a good guy. That must have been a righteous rabbi who made this gole. And then he erases it and it's not alive anymore. And there's more to it.


But here's the theme of the story. If you're a righteous person and you do that, the thing of putting a life, then you're creation will be righteous. Okay. But if you're not, like let's say you pour hate and fear and anger into it, right? Right. Or whatever the hell you do, it's gonna be a reflection of that. So this ai, God, I don't think is being programmed by anyone, by God. It's being programmed by creeps weird, uncanny valley looking mutate mutated dick motherfuckers with very variation on Epstein dick. You wanna believe in aliens? I want every tech billionaire whip their dick out. And I wanna look at what the fuck their dick looks like because I'm a dick phenologist.


You know, chronology, I don't think it works, but I'll bet on somebody's dick. What is phenology? Isn't that like bump Kidney disease? The bumps in your skull. Oh, determine your behavior. So Is that pH pH ology? Is that what it Is? Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Chronology with pH. Yeah. And I wanna, and I think all Phenology pH phenology where You get your security clearance, they should really, really analyze. And I'll be glad that you analyze to see if your dick is weird. I feel like you're gonna be weird. You know what's weird about the whole phonology thing is like, we're the smarter ones, right? But the Neanderthals had a bigger brain, so what the fuck happened? Well, When you told me that I thought you were exaggerating your d enderol DNA and, and then when you showed me your hands, because you have the same size hands as me, right?


Yeah. They're pretty, They're basically the same size. The freak, they're six four. The freaky thing is the fist size. My fists are crazy. I just nuts. It's bizarre. But they were when I was like 15, 16 Years old. Giant. That's so I believe you're the ental. Yeah. Well, you know, I I, there's more like people that live in like Nordic countries and Danish countries, like the northern Europeans, there's a lot of Neanderthal DNA out there. Oh, People started, They started fucking each other. And then I guess it was probably, I wonder if it was like Neanderthal males and human females or human females or human males and neanderthal females. I wonder like which one made, 'cause like there's certain hybrids that can't breed, you know, and then there's certain ones that can, right.


So I wonder how close we were to them where we could breed Back. You have to be very close to breed. How do they do that and not have a mule? Right, Right, right, right. Exactly. Mule, it's A perfect example. They're They're sterile. Yeah. They can't make more mules. You have to make a mule with a horse and a donkey. Now I thought Neals died out because they spoke out against an experimental gene therapy posing as a vaccine. And they're destroyed by crow magna corporations. I wonder if we are like the, the upgraded we're the iPhone 16 of people you know, and like they probably had a bunch of other ones before And try it that way. In the cold shit. The fifth root race and all that bullshit. Yeah. From Madame KY. Well, Imagine if you're creating a human and you have a bunch of different verses of it.


If you're the Anki, you're these nine foot tall gods from planet NA bureau. And you come down here, you try 6%, you try 6% with the Neanderthals, and then maybe you try 7% with the homo sapiens. And we see what's the difference? Well, the lore, let's see how it works out. I'll tell you the lore as I understand it, is yeah, they did all that in all kinds of wild gross shit. Right. But just think, but just think about the timeline of Neanderthals. So Neanderthals existed unchanged for a half a fucking billion years, right? Or half a million years. It was like 500,000 years of Neanderthals existing. Right. And then had a very short burst all of of a sudden the brain. Right, right, right. I've heard cooking food, there's a lot of ideas of why, but No, No, no, no, no, no, no.


It's not that it, because ne No, but Neandertals had bigger brains, so it doesn't make any sense. So it's even weirder. Right? Dude B is better than vhs. But guess who fucking won. Yeah. But imagine if you're Nero people, you're these, these aliens and you're like, these motherfuckers aren't learning shit. They're too animalistic. Right. They're too clo. Like they, they had much larger eyes. There's some people speculate. They had night vision like a dog does. You know how dog's eyes glow when they see headlights? Is That the guy that says that the Neanderthals were scary beast and we killed, killed them. No, That's the another one. That's another guy. Because they could see in the dark and we couldn't. But That's, they think that's probably true. I think they think that based on the size of their eyeballs. Like have you ever seen the size of Neanderthal's skulls compared to humans? The eyeball socket is fucking huge.


You know, so their eyeballs were bigger. And so why would that be the case? Well, it might be like the case with dogs and deer and all these other animals. I think that eyeballs and I have zero expertise, but 'cause you know, the size of the brain doesn't necessarily mean you're smart. It's like the, the how deep and wrinkly, which how I know I have smart balls and, but the eyes, there's something about big eyes that to me that indicates some kind of intelligence thing. You know? 'cause All the people, well They were very intelligent. Yeah. They used tools. So we know all this. But the thing is, there's physical intelligence that they had that's probably way superior to ours. And me. Meaning like they're way stronger.


Their bones were way denser. Right. And they, they, their tendon strength must have been like multiple times what a normal human man is at that size. Right? So you're dealing with a physically superior thing that was too primal. So they had to introduce another version, which is slightly less primal but still kind of fucked up. And that's the one that figured out how to make everything. That's the one that figured out how to do metallurgy. That's the one that figured out industrial or industrial enterprise and the combustion engine and plane. You hear what you're saying? Those are jobs. So here's what I would say, since human nature is programmability, what they were aiming for Is something Curious was, well that, but I don't want, like you can even see now Curious and ambitious makes new alien life.


That's what, that's all it takes, right? Curiosity and ambition. And that's what two things that human beings Have to stunt it sometimes in people. Right? By dumping shit on, dude, It's too late now. Chem chemtrails a goofy thing that I thought was absolutely made up. Those are just con trails. No, that's, that's called geo-engineering. That's Real. No, listen, it's both. This is the, this is what's important when it comes to this one this's. A real reality of jet engines getting hot, passing through condensation making clouds. That's a fact. Yes. Regular jets like a Delta Airlines that's filled with people that's not trying to be spraying chemtrails. Yes. Will make clouds behind it. And depending upon the amount of moisture in the air, it'll linger for a long time.


Right. These streaks across the sky. That's what I thought it all was. But it's But it's Not. It's not. And this is how you know it's not because Bill Gates has openly talked about experiments where they use reflective particles and suspend them in the atmosphere to cool off the earth. We Have a treaty, but also, Yeah, that's a crazy fucking idea. Wait, I told you we have a treaty for weather weapons that was cited in the seventies to agree not to use weather weapons. Oh yeah. Well we've been able to cloud seed forever. Right. Making it rain. How weather manipulation and geoengineering are fueling global tensions. Well listen, we talked about it the other day, what they did in Dubai. They fucked up and they went Too hard. They didn want people to, And it was crazy flooding they had.


'cause they're not set up for that kind of rainfall. They're in the fucking desert. They're like, They didn not a Charlie chocolate factory. Like the crazy prince makes a chocolate palace. It's like that. Yes. Dubai has All the money in the world. And I, because I have friends that are from Dubai and like I found out my buddy, she's cool as chick. I like her. I mean they're so rich that to distinguish yourself from other people, you have to have the lowest license plate number. Right? Yeah. You want number one. That's because everybody has All the other crap. So how do you even distinguish? That's Saudi Arabia as well. They, they do Saudi summers in la Have you ever been around for that? No. So in Saudi Arabia, summer is so hot that LA summer seems like a bargain.


Yeah. So these guys, they all buy these beautiful houses in Beverly Hills and they all drive these crazy Lamborghinis with Saudi plates. Right. So they have like some sort of a diplomatic immune system. You Can really drive 'em. So there's videos of these guys in Beverly Hills before the pandemic racing down local streets like having drag races in Ferraris and Lamborghinis. Yeah. What are you gonna do about it? Have you seen it? No. And one of 'em fucked his car up. His car's like smoking. He pulls it into the driveway. Everyone's filming, All the neighbors are filming and then the guy just gets on a plane and gets outta the country. So Yeah, a whole bunch of hunter bidens And jets before they get caught. It's like Yeah. And they have like some weird dip diplomatic immunity too.


No, that's what I'm saying. That's why they're doing it. Diplomatic Immunity is a trip. Like that is a, that's a crazy thing. Like you could just come to the country and just go wild run stoplights race down the street in the Ferrari. Have a slave. You can have A Slave. Really? Dude, when I was in New York, this happened like two or three, at least two times. But some, it was always like an Indian diplomat. And they had some Bangladeshi girl that they took her passport. And I remember it was a big controversy. 'cause one, oh this is in, this has to be like almost 20 years Ago. I'm gonna send you something Jamie. But the, but anyway, there, there's a bunch of Indian newspapers at the time, 20 years that were outraged that this woman was even arrested because that diplomatic, because I don't know if you know people that come from a lot of money, they think they should have slaves.


They genuinely, when they learn Aristotelian philosophy, learn that some people are the controllers and some people are the peasants and it's for the best. And did you hear that guy at the beginning Braddock where he goes, the few have to be sacrificed for the many. Yeah. That Cokehead allegedly in my mind is saying he could have Just been nervous. But the way he said that to me sounds like things I would recite from being in church that are drummed in my head. That That's why it was so important that you said that at the be before the pandemic. Like I see it. I see the same fucking shit. Yeah. I see the same shit. So I've already been like, you know, I, you know, my mother, I still talk, some people leave in their, their their Scientology cutoffs.


Cutoffs. But that wasn't the case with me. Everybody does how they're gonna do. But I already went through a thing of like, this is the only thing I've ever known that to be true. And then if I turn my back, then I'm, I'm losing like all. So I've done that. Right. So I don't give a fuck about it ever again. Right. I don't care if everybody's mad at me. I don't care if somebody like, you know, if somebody coaches Coleman Hughes to come on and refute a thing. I said, who? I like that guy. But like, that's real. I never would never do that. I would never dude, if I'm wrong, you could be sure I'm wrong 'cause I'm wrong and not 'cause I got paid to be Wrong. 100%. I I back you on that a hundred percent. I gotta take a piss. So back. I know. Me Too. So let's do it. We'll come right back. Right back.


We're back. Yeah. So where were we? What were we talking about? Do you remember Jamie? Yeah. Something about the world falling apart. Well Guess what a if we go to a bar. Project Sycamore was Dubai something. Dubai. Oh yeah, Dubai. Listen, if if we go to Iran, 'cause I I was gonna get rid of this joke to 20 year olds in the audience that, that we're bringing back the draft and you're going for sure. And don't try to get your way out. We're going Iran, they want that Iran war so bad. And Trump has brought so many snakes to his bosom again like that. Mike Waltz. Dipshit. Why do you think they want to do that? The Greater Israel project, the thing Wesley Clark talked about back when they mapped out All the countries they wanted knocked out Libya.


We've got all of them except Iran. I think Syria, we got, we got our Al-Qaeda guys in there. So great job everyone. Jesus Christ. People from Syria. Have you ever talked to them? Yeah. Isn't that, I mean, outta All the things that the government has fucked up, this regime changed thing. They've fucked that up more than anything. Like, has it ever worked out better for the people that lived there? Think about how many people, that's the goal. People died during. That's the I know, I understand. Yeah. But the thing about like trying to sell the same thing over and over and over Again. It's insulting, isn't it? Yeah, It is. Yeah. 'cause every single time it's been a fucking disaster. Even An idiot could put it like me. Yeah. When I, I remember the day where I was like, it was probably 2015 or 16. I was like, are we still in Iraq?


Like if, like I left, left the oven on And we're hearing the same thing, like weapons of master structure. They're this close, they're this close. Oh, by the way, everyone, if we do go to war, and if you're dumb enough to sign up to go to Iran, just so you know, we can't beat Iran. We haven't won a war in 80 years. I don't know why. Everybody seems to forget that we don't win these wars. I mean, somebody wins it ain't you, ain't you fighting it? That's for goddamn sure. But all of them have hyper. So if we go to bomb Iran, Iran has hypersonic missiles that we do not have. So think of how much money they do. Oh yes. How do you know what the military has? Oh, we did a story on it and, and I was like this. I'm like, are you shitting me? We don't have the best missiles.


No. We were doing things like using Ukraine. Wait minute. There's a missiles, a lot of stuff that the United States always possesses that are top secret. Like there's certain videos that they will not show allegedly of UFOs because then it would reveal the kind of surveillance equipment that they have available and where the surveillance equipment is including underwater stuff. Well, the really good stuff I doubt America has, it's the people in charge of America have, but not America. But these missiles, they can't stop them with like iron Dome kind of shit. They can't, no. They're too fast. And so, And they change direction. Yeah. Russia has, it's not the same as like a NATO alliance, but they have signed a thing with China and Iran.


Oh, great. Yeah. So, so the war with Russia that we're supposed to avoid by this Ukraine thing, that's, I guess Zelensky gave the minerals already to UK a long time ago. Which is why Boris Johnson sabotaged the peace deal before, I'm guessing among other crazy reasons. And so if we go bomb Iran, that might bring Russia into his world. Somebody wants World War III real bad. Jesus Christ. You're freaking me out, Kurt. This is like the green room At, at Well I believe in God. So I'm like, I can't wait to tell on everybody. Please kill me. I I cannot wait to tell God on you. I can't wait. I'm not telling you I what God believe me. I'm just saying I How bizarre is it that you're kind of right. How bizarre is it that you're right that, that we're inching closer and closer towards World War iii and that's not what people are concerned about.


They're concerned with putting a swastika on a Tesla. It's because it's called buying control. I break it up nonstop actually to the point of annoying. I would say MK Mon Arc was the one in the nineties that probably most of these actors and all these figures that are like, why are there like hotter people in government all of a sudden they're not supposed to Wanna say something. Jamie, put that thing I just sent you. The, these are the same people that are getting paid to go to the Tesla demonstrations. Yeah. Well same people that get paid to go to the Tesla protest. They do human dog obedience shows like this. Right? These are the people That Matt Damon Crossdresser from the nuclear commission that was stealing luggage guy.


He was one of these guy. I thought it was him, but he, they put a thing on. Oh yeah. Now is, this is a crazy conspiracy I made up, but okay. You know how Disney, you were talking about Disney, that they couldn't find the dwarves, right? There's a story about Walt Disney. They wanted Pinocchio to be on a ballot. So he hired little, little people to beat Pinocchios and he just left some food and wine up there and it got real hot. And I think they were stuck on the roof. So they just took off their hats. And there were these drunk dwarves yelling cursings of the kids at Disney League. But you know how, you know how the employees have to keep their their suit on at all times. Right? And to the point of it's like some kind of Guantanamo torture. Right? So where did Furries come from? I think that, and Disney's part of it.


Now I'm just pulling this outta my ass, dude. But I like where you're going with this though. They're genetically engineering employees who like to be in a first, it's almost erotic to them. They have the minds, even though they're smart, right? And they know math, they, they love products. Ooh, is this a new lightsaber fruit? I'm 40, but I'm excited as a child and I love wearing this suit. 'cause that's how I come And they genetically, they like All the stuff they put in is making these employees for the theme parks. That's what furries are for people that wanna be in that hot, awful suit. Wow. I'm just making that up as a joke. But it, I mean You might be right, it might be like one of them MK Ultra things. Well Disneyland was a hundred percent involved in that.


Under, there's no underneath Florida Disney. 'cause it's a swamp. But Disneyland, Of course they're Patriots. Walt Disney's a Patriot. If the intelligence agencies need to do something there and we're doing a thing with kids, Of course he's gonna be involved in it. Mm. You know, he didn't create all that st It is like Bill Burr's joke about Steve Jobs. Like you just yelled at a nerd to keep soldering to make the iPhone. But they act like, You know this Ann Rand bullshit, where it's like a great industrialist came up with this. Like, did you just tell people what to do? Dickhead. That's important. You need that. But Right. You get All the credit, it's all on you. That seems weird. Like a feudalism of some kind, doesn't it? Well, you know, someone was pointing out All the different companies that were actually started by Nazis while people were freaking out about Tesla.


And one of 'em that I didn't know, did you know that Audi used to make camps? Like go Google? Were, Were they all Google? Like Were they reliable? Auto made Camp. The auto union before Audi, the parent company, the original company Audi was auto union. And in 2014, I believe it was revealed that they were making camps for the SS in World War ii. Like this is one of the ways they got started. And they made a fucking car for Hitler. They made a race car for Hitler. Yeah. Well I mean Ford did that and Rock Ford did it. Yes. What do you mean made it Hitler car? He made cars for the Nazi. Well, Rick Overton's dad in World War ii, they, they had some car, they popped it open.


It was American. He like, wow. Okay. This bullshit. What? Hold on a second, we'll get to that in a second. Nazi SS divisions built seven labor camps where more than 3,700 prisoners were put to work for auto union. So this was like, oh, nice. Four Audi, they, they had people working at factories in the eastern German cities of, say that word. How do you say that word? Where, where are Wehow? Vi Vial? No, it's below Jamie right there. Vial Pointing out what It's set up there. And what were we pointing out? Historical investigation commissioned by the company found that thousands of concentration camp inmates had been forced to work for auto union and automobile manufacturer founded in 1932 and a forerunner to the company of today's Audi Ag.


That's wild. Bayer. There's a bunch of 'em. Yeah. Bayer. They were RG Farbin. Right? Remember the poisoning of Tylenol back in when I was a kid, someone was putting cyanide and Tylenol. Yeah. That's why we had the, and people were dying. Yeah. Now we have those hard child caps. Right? So the guy from control history has a great video on it. And it might've been sabotage from IB Farbin, the makers of Bayer aspirin because Tylenol was beating them. So, oh my God. Act of corporate sabotage on a corporate competitor was a theory he put forward that I think is very believable considering it's a Nazi company. There's so many psychopaths out there. I wouldn't have put it past people to do something like that. That's a total, Well look at our house of cards, look at our foreign policy and then you know,


This episode is brought to you by visible. Now You know, I tend to go down a lot of rabbit holes. I want to know everything about everything. And if you're like that, you need wireless that can keep up visible is wireless. That lets you live in the know. It's the ultimate wireless hack. You get unlimited data and hotspot. So you're connected on the Go Plus visible is powered by Verizon's 5G Network, meaning fast speeds and great coverage. And with the new visible plus Pro plan, you get premium wireless without the premium cost. And the best part, it's all digital. No stores you can switch to visible right from your phone. It only takes about 15 minutes. And then you manage your plan in the app ready for wireless. That lets you live in the know. Make the switch at visible.com/rogan plan. Start at $25 a month. For the best features, get the new Visible plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply. See visible.com for plan features and network management details.


This episode is brought to you by Visit Myrtle Beach. If you're dreaming of a beachy summer escape, then head to the beach in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You'll find 60 miles of stunning coastline, hundreds of attractions to explore in the south's newest foodie hotspot. This is where you play hard and beach easy. You belong at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Start planning your summer adventure@visitmyrtlebeach.com.


Look, Here's a Jimmy said, not me, but if they do it to other people, they're gonna do it to you. Right. That's why if you're laughing when they grab somebody who wrote a, an article about Gaza being deported, like, well she's not from here. Get her out. Stupid. You, you just got done watching the Democrats do this. Right. You just got done watching him and now you're gonna go. 'cause you don't wanna let go of the dream. Right? But the most important thing if you are Maga, is to hold your principles and make it much bigger than Trump himself. The whole mistake is to get hooked on the cult of personality. Right. And who do you like? I like 'em all. I bet they're nice. Who gives a shit? Who I like? What do they do? And I'm not seeing the results I should see.


Not blaming any one person, but a lot of promises made, promises kept to not anyone here, but you know, like, You know Israel definitely. Whoever he promised Greenland to. I dunno what the fuck that is. I think they're trying to make an example of kids to keep people from protesting. Of course they are. That's one thing. Okay. Of course. Obviously I forgot what I was gonna say. They wanna make an example not to. No, I forgot what I was gonna say. Oh, I was going somewhere with it. But it's what the, one of the problems with this is people can't see this being used against them. Yeah. That's one of the problems. And people only look at it like, oh, this is a hard fast thing. Hamas is a terrorist group. This lady supported Hamas.


But did she like, I wanna know what she fucking said. They don't say exactly what she said. Charges. There has to be a way to read it because they didn't Put the charges down. So the guy, the first guy what? Mom who I'm get, this is what I was gonna get to. Oh, there's a difference between someone that has an opinion and people that protest organically. 'cause they all agree on this opinion versus something that's organized. And a lot of people are spending money on and they're organizing it and they're figuring out how to get people there on time. And they're giving them food and they're giving them signs and they're giving them like Yeah, the the Musk ones. The Tesla ones. Have you seen the list? Have you seen the list that they Give them? I assumed it was fake. I didn't believe it was organic at, at all. No, they Act what the, the list, The Tesla protest to me is like the Bernie and a OC concerts, fake page Shit.


But someone who was there got a copy of like these talking points. And one of the things about the talking points is, there was another one, I forget which who put that one out, but it was, there were rules of engagement of how like, if You can in fights, do this hit, hit people to the body. Don't pick up an object unless somebody else does. Like, this is all crazy. We Just, because BLM Right, if you're organizing, like it's essentially you're condoning a certain amount of violence, which opens the door to violence, which can't be controlled. If you're condoning that and you're paying people to go out and scream and protest for something, they're not organically going to scream and protest for. Like that's a different thing than just protesting. When you're paying people to protest, you're basically paying someone to harass a business.


You're paying them. Yeah. They don't necessarily have those opinions. They're dumb ass fucking dudes. Who, they're, they're idiots. A lot of these guys that get caught keying cars, they're fucking idiots. Chance Sheet though. That's not the same thing. Exactly. But there's a chant sheet. But this guy has several pages in his hands. It's football games though. I know. But it's like, they give these out so that they can all have the things to sing together. You're Democrat, You correspond. Now's the time to draw the line. So they have all these things set up in advance. Yeah, which is the point. This is not a small thing. Jamie, I'm, I just, this is kind of a big deal that someone would hand these out to people print. I not disagree them, but I'm just saying I looked up and pay them to be there. That's the point. I Looked up paying and I didn't find any evidence of Payments.


Well, people have said that they were offered. I've looked money to go to these. I've, I looked all over the place to try find, I wouldn't need any more evidence than this ad copy. Because if you've ever had ad copy for sheath underwear, you go, you know, sheath was unelected and can't fucking That's ad copy. You're not doing that for free. Did you see the, the video of the people all leaving at noon? No. They left the protest exactly at noon. No. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Can find that. I just assumed Jamie. But that was one of the things that people said, well this is, this is evidence of a coordination. Like these, this is, these people are being paid for a certain amount of time. You don't say and then they leave. But that's not illegal. That's what's crazy. What's Really crazy. Yes, that is crazy. You're right. Is That You can hire someone to go fuck with your business and it's not illegal.


And You can say it's a protest and You can give them signs. TPO going back to everything. They, they have fake, the ones that are real, the government will come out and crush. So for example, the guy who wrote wars a racket when the, when the veterans Right. Smedley Butler. Yeah. When the veterans got crushed by what tanks? T Square didn't run do that by the way that that's fake. That people think the guy got run. He didn't. But we did that to Veterans of American War. Well, it's not fake. He got pulled aside. But the images of him in front of the tank are real. But they, the way they, I thought he got run over this whole Oh, until, until I realized it's like the Kyle Rittenhouse crossing state lines. I filled in the rest of the story in my head. Right. Oh, he must have brought a gun.


No, you're just saying that it's, it's subconscious programming. Right. They study it. It's, that's what AOC cult is, is that it's like benets advertising techniques. Right. But there's also, people are very afraid of being criticized and crossing the line where they become the enemy of their side so that they comply. Holy shit. The moment the clock turns 12:00 PM in Texas, liberal activists left the protest. Yeah. You have to be paid to be a Democrat. It's Just people walking around though. Well they're all just leaving that known SWAs. Acar. I just wanna point out, I get Messages like noting that there's gonna be a protest at a certain time. Like right now, like in Texas at five 30 at a certain time, like watch out for traffic. There's gonna be a protest downtown. People know that it's gonna happen. You could have a legit protest.


We coordinate it. I'm not against that, but the thing where you have your talking points so much do like, I think Tank made it So much should do a reality show. Yeah. We just get professional protesters and ask them about their life. Just like those people that believed in Q anon like that. Were on HBO. Like those people, like follow professional protesters around and get a, a beat on their life. I mean, just professional protesters and professional like rally attendees. Yeah. Well, you community organizer. We'll, We hear what's, what this lady's saying. We don't really care that much about this issue because as soon as the clock ran out, they were like, yeah, we're gonna Go home. Bye. That's enough. I think it's ridiculous to rally against an American business that creates American jaw.


Oh, She's pro Amanda. Oh, she's Pro. So, okay, I just wanna point this out because, so I've seen Bill Bur make a great, his history point to Bill Moore, where he is like, shut up the stay in your lane Bill. Sometimes Bill's really on point. This is just him, the thing of the, the sig, he from Elon. And this bullshit that Elon really runs things and not Trump. Like, are you all dumb that you would think this, first of all, they've been given your money to not fake Nazis that drive a Tesla. Real Nazis in Ukraine from World War II have been supported by your dumb Democrat dipshit ass with everyone's money For how long now? People that had real swastikas and tattoos and embarrassingly, You know that one guy that went up to accept the award and he had to have a sleeve on one of his arms.


John Stewart's friend. Yeah. Yeah. So I don't wanna hear you talk about Nazis ever. The fuck again, after I watched Canada salute a, a, a war criminal Nazi from the wa and then watching, I know the ADL said it's okay that one group's not Nazis anymore. But I don't think the ADL's reliable. I I, and I, and I know that sounds really antisemitic, but I think they're not reliable. What? Like what are you talking about? We support the fuck outta, we went to the moon 'cause of Nazis. We brought 'em to America to make our moon program. What are you assholes talking about? Audis. All the companies are Nazi companies. Volkswagen, Like, everybody's like, they get you focused on some stupid shit.


Do you think this autistic man, do you know how easy it is to make that gesture Just ge gesturing. That's why there's videos. Everybody else doing it. Yeah. It's the original pledge to the flag. By the way, the Bellamy lu. Remember I text you that it's Yeah. That's the Original flag. Slew of America was a Siggy. Everybody. Yeah. I don't know if you know that It wasn't until World War II that they changed it to put your hand over your heart. Yeah, it used to be. See if you can find an image of it, because it's crazy to see that classroom of everybodys highland. Like what? It's a funny story too, because first of all, do you even have a pledge of allegiance to the flag? Like I'm not a military motherfucker. It used to be God before, what was it Truman or Eisenhower Used to be, I will speak English. Who Removed, who removed the God part or who put the God part in it was during the fifties.


Right? That's like at the end. But it was, it was, wasn't it like, it wasn't until like 1950s. Not till later. But the fight at first was, I'm saying highly. Yeah. The, the, the fight at first was if you, if at you that you have to speak English that had immigration problem. Look, Look how crazy that is. Yeah. There You go. That's high Pledge of Allegiance. Should be a good game show. Like is this a Nazi? But they put God in because of the communist scare. That's when God got into the pledge of allegiance. Yeah. It used to be one nation under God, not under God. It just one nation indivisible with liberty and justice all. They didn't say what God. And they decided to put it under God. Yeah. Joon is the God. When did they, when did they add that Jamie? What year did they add that?


That's a fascinating thing. 'cause people are, this country was founded by Christian values. It was started by Freemasons. And they are El Luciferians, which is not a satanist. That's not a satanist. A satanist is like a hot topic thing. A Luciferian Lucifer embodies the good and the bad. Like your leaders that you make excuses for. Not you specifically, but Well, he has to do, he has to kill those Yemenis. Yeah, he has to. That's Luciferian is where Yeah. Wolverine. Superman is a punk ass Christian. I guess the way he's a goodie. Two shoes, but like an anti-hero. Right. Hillary Clinton, she was the ambitious woman. Had to do what she had to do. So Yes. And people are dead and shut up. That's a conspiracy that America loves Luciferian.


Whether it's def facto, it don't matter whether you think you do, you're doing it. I don't call you a Christian unless you act like one. You know what I mean? Right. Like I would never call myself a Christian, but sometimes I will act Christian, but a lot of times I don't. So I'm not gonna claim a thing that I'm not living up to America's living up to a God. It ain't, it ain't Bible God. I don't know who the hell people think it is. But yo, you, how could you even go to the military and be a Christian and learn more? No more Because you wanna protect America from the evil people In the world. Oh. Like from what Jesus said. Yeah. Oh. Like Jesus said. It's okay if it's to protect America. Yeah. That's what Jesus said. There was some missing books. If everybody stops lying, all is all you gotta do. You don't have to kill nobody. Well, listen, Just don't lie.


What's more demonic than a robot drone powered by AI that's coming over to fuck people up and makes a decision to kill a certain amount of civilians. Because it has to get this one bad person. I'll tell you what, one that grew some organic brain tissue around the chip because they can't get that AI to be alive because it's not. And so they're growing brain tissue. You seen that? No, but what I was gonna get to was, yeah. What's more demonic is a person doing it. Yeah. Instead of an AI that makes this calculation and coldly assesses that it's valuable to kill 30 civilians to get to this one Al-Qaeda guy. What is more demonic might be a person. 'cause one of, Of course, and one of the things that's fucked up about you're a car, the people that are actually doing it are just following orders.


So there's a person Make a decision Is so there's a person that can make a decision that you're gonna launch hellfire missiles into an apartment building. But the person who makes the decision isn't actually pressing the button. So he, he might feel a little bit removed from the crime, but the person who is forced to operate the drone, they say these guys have to study them for days sometimes. And they watch their patterns. They see them play with their kids and then they get that green light and then they get the order. It's time to do it. And then they have to fucking press a button and launch missiles and watch that guy get eliminated from thousands of miles Away. Yeah. Well you know how we know 90% innocent people got killed. I remember I was telling you that because the drone operators, it bothered them.


Yeah. And the drone operator, I don't even remember the guy's name. I feel bad. But that guy's imprisoned for revealing the truth about the criminals that run your Government. There's a guy in in prison for revealing The truth about drone attacks. Yeah. We did it three years ago. The guy's speech about, I watched people That find, find out who that guy is. Yeah. The drone, the drone operators that got put away under that, that act Trump's abusing it. Now What? How's He abusing it now? I'd love to abuse It. How's he abusing it now for that? That's what they're grabbing these people with no charges and kicking 'em out because they supported Hamas. That's under the a, the nuts sed edition, the Espionage Act. They're doing shit like that. So Talking about the drone bombings is an espionage thing. Is that what it is? It's top secret Is that, oh, We killed all those people.


We are, how much is worse than terrorists? We're worse. 90% civilians. That's not collateral. That's who you killed The collateral will be if you hit a fucking terrorist. Right. Right. That's real. That happened. And a guy's in prison for telling us that's Obama, the one that, the dippy, the ones that bill, I guess thinks there's not Nazis, even though, boy, it should kill like Nazis. Don't they? I again, bill's right. About a lot of things. But that is just such like a dude. You don't know what just look like there's A lot more to the story. You're, You're focusing on sports, The narrative. Yeah. There's a narrative that gets out there and then people have opinions on the narrative. But it's so nuanced. The story behind it. Like when people, you know, there's a lot of people that wanna talk about what, whatever the conflict is, whether it's Ukraine or Israel and Palestine, like the, if you wanna become an expert on Israel and Palestine, you need a lot of fucking time, man.


You need a lot of time. What do And a Long, long, long history that you have to follow. Oh, Daniel Hale. Yes. He's an American whistleblower, former national security agencies, intelligence analysts who sent classified information about drone warfare to the press. Hail served the United States military, United States Air Force 2009, 2013. Okay. Pled guilty to retaining, transmitting national defense information. Sentenced to 45 months in prison incarcerated United States Penitentiary. He was released on July 5th, 2024. Right after Independence Day. Ain't that a bitch Didn't even get a beer on 4th of July. Meanwhile, they're not gonna investigate Hot Tua. Thank, I gotta put this Trump. So he's out Back on right now.


He's out there right now. This guy, I don't know. I, you know what? I wonder if he's allowed to do podcasts. Well, the guy who ran, are You allowed to do podcasts when you get outta jail? Yeah. John Car. Who does them? He's from he. Yeah, but I mean that, I mean like a guy like that probably doesn't want to talk. I mean, that's what got him in jail in the first place. Well, the, yeah. Right. If he talks about it now, isn't that the same thing? Isn't he doing it all over again? Well, now that it's out, I think it don't matter. Right? I don't know. But this is the question. Like if you're fucking, if you get tried and you go to jail from something And what you did was tell the truth about crimes. Yeah. The last thing you wanna do is talk more about those crimes. Right. I would think. Yeah. Well, what's Julian Assange doing now? Is he talking? I don't know. I mean, is he completely free?


Like No way state. What is his current state? He owes money for them transporting him. They charge him like a million dollars. It's so despicable, dude. Jesus. Jesus Christ. Look, I don't know. I know people wanna believe in they're dumb, but why, why do you believe it when you get, it's like if you're being cheated on and you're like, no, he would Dottie Sandusky. That should be the, the National Bird of America. Jerry Sandusky's wife, who thinks nothing happened to this day. Does She really? Yeah. She just, Dottie stays upstairs and Jerry helps those boys in the basement get freedom. Oh Jesus Christ. That's America. And then people you tell the truth to, the thing that makes you crazy is not knowing the truth. It's when you tell people and they either don't wanna know it or they go, I just wanna keep my head down, do my job.


Which friends of mine that are not dumb smart people say. Right. Yeah. That's the American spirit. I want to keep my head down and do my job. I'm so, oh, I can't wait to sig hi the flag. Now. How inspiring. Theres A lot Of people that like that. It's, it's Changing. A lot of people think like that. Once they have a mortgage in kids, they really do. They think, you know, I just don't want to, I just don't wanna rock the boat. I understand That. I'm barely staying above water right now as it is. What If you're rich? You go, you want your kids to see that you're not gonna knuckle on the Money. Lemme tell what happens to rich people. They get scared. They're not gonna be rich anymore. Yeah. And they wanna Keep the party rolling. Yeah, no, I Know. I'm, I'm serious. That's what happens. You, you feel that fear. There's this fear. It's the same thing that it always pops up.


It's famine mentality. Yeah. It's the same reason why people want All the attention. Right? People want, yeah. They want everything. They want to be number one. You know, it's the same thing. It's famine. Well, Those buttons you're talking about, you think they didn't study these ex extensively, right? To figure out exactly which one's pressed to get what reaction. Hey, we need people to pretend that Tesla, he was unelected. You don't elect the guy that does that. Dipshits unelected. Is that a good point? Right. You get appointed just like all they, you know how Caballo was unelected? Well, they did it during the Obama administration. They did it during the Clinton administration. Like government efficiency programs are not new. It's not a new thing. And the, the thing is, I understand that he's polarizing because of a lot of things, unfortunately, that he did a lot.


But there's a lot about what he's uncovering. That's important for you to know that your money's being wasted. And that's not a partisan thing. And it shouldn't be. And you should know that the savings are not gonna, if you're worried again. But you should also know that this fucking protest against him is probably funded. Of course it's too organized. Of course. It's too often. It's too regular. There's, there's people that are involved. There are chants that they hand out. This is someone's paying money for this stuff. Whether they're paying those people or not. I think they are. I could be wrong, but I don't think I am. You know, the soda people. Right. But the Point is like, it's organized. It's not natural. We just saw them the, so this is amazing. We did this story, I sent it to you. 'cause this soda, I don't know, Mabe or whatever it's called.


Right? So, so they got MAGA people and I've seen these people apologizing up and down a bunch of 'em. 'cause they got, you know, maybe they did it willingly or not, I mean willingly, but duped or not, they were like, it's an embarrassment because like I said, to the credit of MAGA people, not that I'm, that I don't vote. I would've if Trump did anything that he, I thought he would, they go, they go, oh, they're trying to control how po how people use their snap like their welfare to buy. So they're like, don't say they can't buy soda. 'cause RF KS, you know, I, soda is poison. Poison. Right. I mean, American Heart Association fought it. Did you know That? Yeah. Oh, I, I It's adorable. American Heart Association fought poison. Have some heart. Like no, come on. So, but you remember when these same stupid fucking conservatives were mad that they were spending their welfare on lobster?


Remember that? They're buying a lobster with welfare. Whatcha talking About You never heard of this? No. This old, well, Reagan did it first with the welfare fat queen that gets in her Cadillac and buys lobster with your welfare. What? Really? Oh, he was the best. That guy then. Well the greatest president. And then after that, I would hear this come up this a few years ago. It's something about wealth. It's always like, oh yeah, that's where we're losing all our money on the welfare. We are not for this country though. Just so you know. Well the idea I think of the snap thing is to incur lobster and Stake. But food stamp myth refuses To die. Die. So you know why I Doing it. 1976, campaign speech in Chicago. They found a woman who holds the record. He told the assembled crowd.


She used 80 names, 30 addresses, 15 telephone numbers to collect food stamps, social security, veterans benefits for four non-existent deceased veteran husbands as well as welfare. Her tax free income alone has been running $150,000 a year. Sounds like this lady's pretty cool. Reagan's story. Story turned out to be a gross exaggeration of a minor case of welfare fraud. Well, I don't know who to believe 'cause I wanna believe that she pulled this off. 'cause I think it's kind of badass if you're gonna duck the welfare system. Doing it with 80 different people is kind of fucking hilarious. In nineteen seventy six, a hundred fifty k in 1976. What do you think that is today in today's money? He combined her with a CIA op. I'm sure. How much does that in today's money, Jamie? Let's guess.


$150,000. I say that's 2.7 million. I think you're right. And I think I could put on a, a transgender play in Guatemala with that money Gives you fun. Sesame Street. But so The, so that's the conservative. Can you find out, can you find out what that is? 840 K or so? That's it. Oh, I thought it'd be millions. So, So we've been lied to about inflation. Wait, so so the soda people says it's Only worth $853, but that's if you just left it in the bank, I guess. And never did anything with it. Oh, interesting. That's kind of crazy. Wait, so the soda people, so they're mad that welfare people are getting things now the conserv, the this fake thing that they try to put filter through MAGA is don't tell people that they can't spend their money on what they want.


Well, it's welfare money. Well, can they buy lobster again, asshole. They're, they were being, they're paying and they go, Trump likes diet Coke. And they gave 'em a list just like that list you showed me, right. Of emotional buttons to try to push. And people did believe in Maha. Okay. Now in fairness, RFK people still do Well he learned there's a bigger threat to American health, which is antisemitism, not the fluoride. That fluoride thing, which I didn't believe it turns out, is real. Utah just banned fluoride. Did they? Yep. They just banned fluoride. They just banned sexual ritual abuse too. No they didn't. Yes they did. Did they really? Yeah, because of they had to banned that. That's not already illegal. You, you would think. I Thought that's dude, the lawyer. I thought that's the law. That story is crazy.


'cause this da so some creep. There's a lot of like white. But Let's get on the Fluor I think for a second before we scatter. Huberman had a great episode of his podcast with this woman who's a doctor who discussed the impact of Florida fluoride rather Florida. Maybe that's, maybe that explains Florida. There's Florida in the water. Maybe That explains Florida in fluoride. A pretty fucking close. That might be it. That might be it. We might have stumbled Onto something. It was chemical waste from du I don't know Who. Well, it's just fucking crazy. But the, the, the thing is that it's a known neurotoxin and there's no reason for it to be in the fucking water. And yet there's still people that are saying it should be in the water. There's these crazy fucking doc impacts dental health of impoverished people and shut the fuck up.


Well Check where their money comes from. Meanwhile, these are the same people. I mean this is like the whole fucking sugar and sweets thing. Why do you think they're getting so many cavities? Why is anybody getting so many cavities? That's right. So 'cause we're eating some shit you're not supposed to be eating. So when we were doing the story and they're talking about, and I go, what did they make all their money off? Poor people spending welfare on soda because my girlfriend, when she saw it, she goes, who still drinks soda? Oh, people on welfare. So most of their budget. Just like if your budget came from running a prison full of convicts. Right? The people are from people spending their snap benefits on soda that kills them and they don't wanna lose that income. It's like, well they also have billions. They, they recognize the influence that these companies that sell this stuff have on these, these different commissions that decide what gets, like the American Heart Association gets funded by some of these companies, which is crazy.


You just gotta buy it. That's why they, so Is that true? Make sure that's true because I read that the American Heart Association receives funding from like, it was like soda companies. And If a three letter agency of any kind, is there any of 'em that aren't bought out by some fucking psychopath? Well, They have to. They make little deals. They do things. They donate, they rub shoulders. Oh, that's Business. That's why everything's so good because they have to do that. If you wanna be in the country club, I do. You gotta play the game Kurt. You can't keep golf. You can't keep rocking the boat. Stop rocking the boat, Kurt. No. A blind eye will serve you. Be you were cut. Is it true before We wrap this up? Is it true what I just said?


I mean the article that popped up says it's hap I'm trying to see more accurate though. This was in 2010 to 16. They did receive funding from them, but this was, that's when the article was written. Of course they did. Of course. They received funding from 'em. Everybody's receiving funding from somebody. Everybody's slipping. Someone a little Get in the door, give Bobby a hundred you're in. Get historical from 2016 since they Coke, Pepsi provides sponsorship money to American A-C-C-A-H-A and 93 other health organizations. Well why Would that affect it? Cardiology. Ugh. American Card College of Cardiology gets money from a, a fucking company that makes heart attack drinks. American Heart Association. American Diabetes, American Diabetes Association gets money from Coke.


Yeah. From heart Pepsi from diabetes in a can they that, I mean what a joke. The COLA company sponsored 95 national health organizations. Why Pepsi? PepsiCo PepsiCo sponsored 13, the end of 2015. The A CC Academy of Nutrition Dietetics, American Academy of Pediatrics and American Academy of Family Physicians did not renew their contracts with Coca-Cola. So they realized like this was out control. They Realized it couldn't get away with renewing their contracts. Outrageous. We're getting in trouble. It's healthy. As long as you flap your arms a thousand times a minute like a hummingbird. You just need 10,000 steps. Put a Fitbit on. Yeah. Start walking. Yeah, I just drink. Yeah. And have a nice Coke. Yes, You're gonna be fine.


Kurt mats car. Love you to death. Yeah dude, Thank you very much for being, here's always fun. Thanks. This is like you and I in the green room all over again. Like how many of these conversations I moved down here? Cause you, I only moved down here if it you had to have club. I like Austin, but until the club was here, wouldn't I wouldn't move. It's the best. I need the store, the seller to hang out. Oh, We need it. We need it. Yeah. And I'm glad you're around brother. You too, man. Thank you very much. Thank you. My pleasure. All right. Bye everybody.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Tax season is always stressful. You have to worry about filing on time, making sure you have All the right documents and getting All the deductions you possibly can. It's overwhelming. And by now, I know we're all sick of looking at numbers, but here's an important one that you should hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much money in refunds the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Here's another 20%. That's the overall increase in identity theft related tax fraud in 2024 alone. So luckily it isn't all bad news. Here's the good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialists will fix it. That's backed by another good number. The million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face identity theft and financial losses alone. There's strength in numbers With LifeLock identity theft protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use the promo code JRE or go to lifelock.com/jre for 40%. Off terms apply.