
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night all day. You know who wrote that? No Pop quiz. Who very famous person wrote. Where is that from? What, what show is that? From Seventies. Yeah. Begins with an S, Stanford and son. Yes. Who wrote it? You're not gonna believe it. Quincy Jones. Really? Yes. And it's, if you hear the whole song, it's a really good song. I used to love that show.


Sanford and Song was fucking Great. It was funny. It was funny. Ridiculous. Red Fox was the man. He was so funny on that. I actually didn't like that theme song. Here we go. When I first heard it, That was back when sitcoms were sitcoms. Oh. That one was like way, I felt like way better. Like three's Companies sucked if you watch that now. But that was like the number one sitcom. Snap is still good. Yeah. You know what's underrated? That I really never gave a chance. Wait, I want to guess. Big Bang Theory. Oh fuck. Fuck. I fucked it up. Sorry. I zero In my mouth. I would've said Big Bang Theory. It's a good show. I used to shit on it 'cause I saw clips with, You know how you do Retakes?


I know they where they're not laughing. No Laughs. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But that's, you know what that is? That's like retakes. When you work on a sitcom, sometimes you have to do pickups and I actually don't know, but yes. Oh, you do pickups and Yeah. Nobody knows anymore. Nobody does it anymore. Yeah. Miss Pat is like the only person I know with a sitcom. Yeah. I couldn't name one sitcom. Think about All the comics we know. I know one comic with a sitcom Miss Pat, and it's on a streaming. It's on a BET. Yeah. And that was everything. Like when we, when I was first starting, like your whole thing was like, you have to get a sitcom or you don't have any money. Yeah. Well, or you're never gonna have a career. Yeah. Because you needed, there was no way to get people to come see you in the clubs unless you had a special or unless you had a sitcom.


Yeah. And I remember Zach Galifianakis, like it was pilot season. Remember that whole thing? Oh yeah. That was huge. Like pilot seasons coming up. Oh yeah. Everybody would be in town for pilot season. Yeah. Yeah. Everybody would be like a special kind of anxious. Yeah. Because your whole fucking career Yeah. Was laying on this moment where you walked into this room and there was these weirdos, these casting people. There were always really socially bizarre people And like tired and mad. They've seen some people and it's always a tiny room and Dismissive and you, they're the kings and you are a peasant begging piece of shit. A bowl of soup. Yes. And when you walk in, they know they don't want you. Like They also know you're broke.


Yeah. And you have that desperate, that desperate energy. You want them To be, you want them to look You okay? Hi. Hi guys. Want want you to like me off putting Is what it is. Oh, Death. I didn't get any, I never got a sitcom. I, I auditioned probably for a thousand. I, I dunno why someone didn't say this isn't, you're not good at this. No one told me You could have been a big bank theory. Ironically. I could have been. You Would've been a fucking major get for that. I would've been a huge get for That. Show. Show would've been a lot better. I had actually, I did get one of them. Now this is a story, lemme tell you this story. Okay. So I go in and, you know, you get like a callback. Okay. Yes. First casting director. And then you're like, please like me. Then you're like, callback and like, oh, they like me second callback.


Now I get like real nervous. Like, I like a, it was a show Happy family. Have you heard of that? No. Little nugget. What year are we talking About? 2003. Long time ago. That guy, a QUT was on it. Oh yeah. I remember him saying he was, You know, dropping on the set and he goes, my friend Don told me that on my gravestone it should say it's not a great plot, but Ettes in it. He told that funny joke. And boy, So he was the John Raquette show was on the same lot as I was when I was filming News Radio. And Lenny Clark, who's his good friend of mine forever. Yeah.


Lenny was on that show. And you know, I'd run into Lenny in the parking lot, we'd talk, but we would watch their feed where John t would like yell at people. Yeah. That's you. The feed is always, they forget there's a feed. Yeah. People were screaming about, but no one had a cell phone back then. You know, we're talking in the nineties, so this is probably 94 or something like that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And it was a bizarre scene, man. I, I had never adjusted to being on television. Never did. That's A good gig though. I mean, shit. That was like, Yeah. But I couldn't wait to not do it anymore once I did it. Really? Yeah. And I had the best version of it. I had the best version of it. Hilarious cast, brilliant writers. What was that?


The stress of it. It was just like, I just wanted to do standup, you know, it was just, you Get to, 'cause you're getting a little famous and then you have eight lines. Yeah. And you said to go do whatever you want and you're like, blah, blah, blah. And then Listen, as far as that was also the problems. I knew I was never gonna get another sitcom like News Radio. The other sitcoms that I read for were, Ugh. Yeah. They were fucking garbage After that. Did they want you to do some something after News Radio? Yeah, there was a few opportunities. I had a couple of development deals to do stuff. But then when Fear Factor came on, my first thought was like, yes, no actors. Oh really? Yeah. I didn't have to deal with like, the whole thing, like the whole thing of the schmoozing and the, you know, going to these award things.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. And these parties and these press junkets that you had to do. It's like, I didn't like it. Yeah. It just felt, I don't know. I did, it was just weird, you know? I never auditioned for anything. Like, I auditioned for a couple commercials In, in New York. How it, I auditioned for two shows ever. Hard. We're get back to my Raquette story. Don't think Go to Go, go to your Larry. No, I wanna hear this. I'm just, I wanna say out loud. 'cause I, I set up a story and then I didn't finish It. So I got this show when I was living in New York. It was called Hardball. And I came out here to LA Oh Wait a minute. Yeah. It was a baseball show. I, I remember Jim Brewer was in the pilot with me. I, I saw Mike Star from Goodfellas was in it.


I don't know that Guy. Bruce Greenwood, who was in Star Trek. He's been in everything. He's a great actor. He was in it, he was like the older pitcher that was like my nemesis. Terrible show. Terrible show. Like so bad. I think I Saw like a, like So bad. The intro of it or something. I remember hardball. Yeah. It lasted six episodes. And then the other show that I got was News Radio. And it was the only other show I auditioned for. It was just to, so I'm, so everything else I auditioned for was like movies and stuff that I never got. And there was a couple of shows after News radio was over that I auditioned for that I didn't get. But it was just like the, it was so bizarre. So when I would go to these auditions for other things, it wasn't that big a deal.


'cause I was already already on news radio, so it wasn't like, if I didn't get these things, it was like, it, it would be okay. But it was like still the anxiety of that. Like, I had money And it was still like, oh, this is awful. Like this whole thing. So stressful and so weird. And everybody's so fucked up because you get a bunch of people that desperately want attention. And then you go there to this place where you're surrounded by people who are desperately want attention in, in Hollywood. And then you're, you have this one moment in front of these people and they're looking at you like this. Okay, Kyle. Hi. So you're reading for Bobby, correct? I love the scripts. So funny. You know, Bobby's an athlete. Yeah. Did They? No, I can do All the thing. Whatever you say.


I can do it. I'm good at it. Right. Okay. Tim, here's gonna read with you and Tim like can barely read. It's always like some pa who's fucking probably on Ketamine. Yeah. Yeah. You can barely read and you have to like, pretend like you're having this emotive moment with Tim. I'm so glad I don't have to do that. Ugh. It was the worst.


This Episode is brought to you by Squarespace. Have you ever been shopping online? And the website just gave you the ick, let me tell you, that wouldn't happen if they used Squarespace. Squarespace Design Intelligence empowers anyone to build beautiful more personalized websites tailored to your unique needs. And with Squarespace payments, it's super easy to manage payments with just a few clicks. Plus, with Squarespace's integrated and optimized SEO tools, there's All the help you need to get people to your site. Head to Squarespace dot com slash Emma for a free trial and use code Emma to save 10% on your first purchase.


This episode is brought to you by blinds.com. Do you know the right window treatments aren't just about privacy? They could actually save you some serious cash on your energy bills too. But is it really worth the hassle? It's a lot of waiting for some pushy salesperson to come to your house with. An overpriced quote sucks. Right? Well say goodbye to all that nonsense because blinds.com has revolutionized the game. blinds.com lets you do a virtual consultation with their award-winning design experts. Whenever you have time, no pushy sales rep in your home, just hop online and blinds.com will send free samples right to your door. How cool is that? Whether you're a do-it-yourself beast or you prefer professional installation blinds.com has you covered. And guess what? You can get your entire house done for one low price, no hidden fees, no showroom markups. What you see is what you pay. Now I get it. Ordering online can be sketchy, but not with blinds.com. They've covered more than 25 million windows and they've got a 100% satisfaction guarantee. blinds.com is hooking up my listeners with an exclusive $50 off. When you spend $500 or more, just use the code rogan@checkoutatblinds.com. Go to blinds.com and use the promo code Rogan Limited Time offer rules and restrictions apply. See blinds.com for details.


But some people love it. Some people look man, we're comics, some people are actors. They fucking love it. Like McConaughey. That fucking dude loves like pouring himself into a role. Get, getting psychotic about who the character is. That's, I wish I had, if I could go back, I wish I looked at those as like, someone said this as like an opportunity to perform instead of like, I'm trying to get something right. I didn't, I was just desperate. Like I had no money and I was like, I have to get this. I will say though, if you're on a sitcom that has really good writing, it's fun as shit. News radio was fun. How Did, you said you just got it. How'd you just, Just I had a development deal within NBC and they were gonna do, I was gonna do my own show, but they had a, a sitcom that they were already green lit and Ray Romano was on it and Ray was like the maintenance guy.


And Ray got fired during the pilot, which is like the best thing that ever happened to him. He goes on do the Ray Roman, everybody loves Raymond and it's fucking huge. Bigger than news radio ever was. So like he, he gets fired and another guy got hired and then he got fired. So I didn't feel bad. 'cause I'm friends with Ray. I love Ray. There's, I bet you that part just was not good. It wasn't the actor's fault 'cause you audition and then I Don't know what it was. It's like you never know what they want. Like when Paul, the guy who created it, Paul Sims is this brilliant guy who worked on a fucking Larry, HBO, Gary Larry Sanders. Larry Sanders, Thank you. He worked on Larry Sanders.


He was a brilliant, brilliant guy. And he did a very clever thing like in the, the auditions. Yeah. The first audition I read for it wasn't funny, like on purpose. They wanted to cut out All the people who were hamming it up. Right. I was like, oh my God, this writing is nothing. So I'm like, I don't know what this is. So like, you know, they NBC asked me to go in and read for it. Yeah. I, I memorized this stuff and I was like, I don't even know what I'm saying. This doesn't make any sense. So I go in and I do it, it's like real flat and I say Thank you and all of a sudden I have a callback and then they send me the callback sheets and it's hilarious. And I was like, oh, whoa. They wanted to see if you could turn something. Not 'cause that was a thing that everybody hated was the hammy hammy sitcom actor. Yeah. Come on Bobby.


Yeah. What are you doing? You're you're good at that. That's Really good. I've seen a lot of those guys. So they wanted to avoid that. And so then, You know, they, they had a callback And it was just like me and two other guys and these two other guys looked like they just got back from Vietnam. They were sweating. They were fucking baile in the face. That makes you confident, right? When you see someone nervous, super, you're like, oh, okay. Super, super confident. I looked at these guys, I'm like, oh, they can't handle pressure. Yeah. And I, and I sat back on the couch and put my feet up on the coffee table like a dickhead. Yeah, You did. I sat there. Yeah. Well I was waiting, we were in the waiting room. I was looking Oh, in the room. I was like at these guys panicking and I was like, it's just us. Yeah, yeah. I got this. I had, I just like a, a sketch show.


One of the rare things I got. And the guy, I was so outta my mind nervous and I could hear in the door, this guy not doing good panick. And I just got calm and I was like, oh, got this. Isn't that nice? Yeah. Yeah. I So good. Then the show got canceled. Well, they all get canceled. Yeah. Was 90% of them don't, maybe even more. Right. Don't do the naked. Most of them never make it to a second season. And definitely most of them never make it to syndication. They, you know, they go a few episodes and then they get canned. I was on Was, Oh, go ahead. No, I'm just saying if the production company's not making money, the network's not making money. It's not getting ratings. I was in a situation, it was c The Entertainer presents. It was a sketch show And it was like, I was so excited. I remember that. Yeah. I, I joined Midseason. They, what Year is this? 2000, 2003.


And I big year for me. So I, I get there Midseason. They're like, we need a white guy. I like pick on, You know, I was the token white guy and Louis TK was a writer, was like a great fricking show. And this, he got into like a fight with the fucks. Here's where I knew things were downhill Now I didn't sell my car. I had a really, and I'd pull up to like the good spots And it was like Lamborghini, you know, yoga and then, and I, it wasn't just a shitty car from like the early eighties. It was like a beat I hit and got like four accidents. It was just a chunk. And I just was like in a, so broke in a tiny apartment. I'm like, lemme just see if I can, but it seemed like this, it was a hit show.


It was doing well. Oh, okay. No. So then it's like, first thing, first night it was like, Hey, there's a Fox party tomorrow. And I was like, oh cool. I made it in Hollywood. So I go to this thing and I'm like, where's Cedric? And they're like, oh, he got into a big fight with the pet of Fox. He told him he was, he was a douche bear some, some fight. And I'm like, that doesn't sound like a good idea. Oh, To get. So I'm like, it'll be fine. So then this is, we were about to go on right after American Idol, which was like the biggest show in the world. Ooh. So we're like, get ready for the rocket ship. And then this guy put Wanda Syke show, took Cedric off the air for like six weeks to put Wanda Sych.


Not they off the air, but like Yeah. Took, moved the spot. So Wanda's show was after. And then Wanda's got amazing, you know, views. So it, it gave them excuse to cancel Cedric. Even though Cedric was a hit. It was like a f you Cedric Seems like a nice guy. Yeah, he was very cool. Nice to me. So How, what happened that he did Get on the phone during my audition though, at one point I was in the middle of auditioning. He was like, yeah. And it was kind of a casual call. It was clearly like, not a emergency, but I just like powered through. But he was very cool. Good guy. But There's a different like culture of stardom versus people that want to be on a show like you.


You're not the equal. What do you mean? Like, if You're auditioning for a show and the the guy who has the show Oh, is in the room. Yeah. Yeah. There's this weird, you know, what is that number one on the call sheet? There's a documentary about black actors. Yeah. And it's not, not black actors, it's just actors period in general. Like I experienced that a lot in the news radio days with guys who were big movie stars and they would like big time you in the weirdest way. Like you couldn't just say hi to them. You couldn't hang out with them. There's a few guys that just like, they were just really gross. And then there was guys like John Ritter who was like the fucking nicest guy in the world to everybody. Right. The nicest guy in the world. Good stories about John Riter.


Nice guy in the world. Camera people joking around with the makeup lady. Fun heart attack. Right. Died young man. I know. Fucking young Before the vaccine. Young. No, he took it. He was the first guy to it. He was such a sweetheart on the set. Such a nice guy. I had that, that Cedric show was also, I had like an episode where it was like my episode, you know, where it was like I had like three sketches I wrote that was gonna be, you know, it was my big coming out and I literally came out right now. I was like, what's going on you guys? And shock and all started, remember Night, the Iraq War. And it just was gone. And I told everybody like, eh, it's my big show. And it just, that happened.


And then the one And it was just was over. And I was back to, I never sold my car. I was back to my studio apartment. Couldn't you think that studio executives would be wise enough to go, look, we got Louis cck, we have Cedric the Entertainer, we have a fucking show. Let's figure out a way to promote this correctly. And It was funny. It was just, and it's so hard to make a funniest sketch show. They try to plop people together. You need, you know, real synergy with the cast and the writers have to figure out how people are funny. Yeah. It takes like that's first takes a while. Yeah. The first set of SNL casts, they already worked together. Yeah. And like that's why they were like jelled right away. I mean one of the reasons, but all these sketch shows they put together and they'll say don't pitch a sketch show. They never work. It's 'cause they like pluck people who don't even do sketch.


You know? It's Like putting together a boy band E Exactly. Yeah. You Know, like you have to put together a fake band. Yeah. Not a bunch of guys who grew up together in Seattle been playing in the basement. No. That works better Though. Find some. Yeah. That works better if you Put 'em. Just put a bunch of hot dudes together. Get Some bunch of hottest good hair. Fuck guys. Let 'em milli vanilli it up. Yeah. Remember those days away? Milli Vanilli. They got a bad deal. Have to change topics, but They got a bad rap. Like now they'd be fine Care. They'd be fine. No one cares if that's your voice. You're hot. I love your dreadlocks. Great, Great luck. Great bodies. Great bodies dancing around. Great Cox Girl. I know it's true. Who? Yeah. That's a Ooh, I do like their music. I love you. No you don't. I Do.


I like that. They got you At the time. Remember there was the other one, there was a, a song, God, it was like a, a big time band and there was this like this beautiful woman who was singing and it turned out it wasn't really her singing. There was some, some big heavy lady who was actually singing. Oh it's always, yeah. It's always like a big Milli Vanil was a big fat guy. It Was, it was one of those fucking something Swift factory. Taylor Swift. What was the band? NC Music factory. Yes. They Didn't s say there was a situation like that. Right. Wasn't there Where some lady, I didn't know that Jamie will find it. There was some, Jamie finds everything. He Knows everything. Jamie hates me. No he Doesn't.


He loves you. Yeah, he does. He I heard Talk shit about, we talked about you earlier today. He Was saying nice things. He talked shit about me. I was, he's bipolar. I know he's mentally He get hit by a golf ball. Yeah, I saw his, he's so cool. I want that. I was watching him. He's got that really cool golf set back there. I wanna get one of Jamie. Jamie can golf his ass off. I have a buddy who got hit in the head with a golf ball. He said he was fucked up for six months. Oh Really? I did. He got hit in the head with a line drive. Just Dunk. Yeah. I hit a kid with a golf ball. He was all right though. Luckily I I didn't get a good swing on. Do you I see those guys that like, do those power swings Yeah. On, on the internet. Like where they, their arm around and fucking drive through and like Yeah. Yeah. Some magic. You getting hit with one of those balls. Yeah, yeah. Yeah.


It's like getting hit with like a fucking, like a shotgun. Shooting a rubber bullet at You. Yeah. Yeah. They're really, yeah. If you get a nice skull worm burner, you could, you could kill a duck if you just really, did you see those videos of piece people kill head just snapping? No. But you ever see that one with a pitcher catches the bird in Midflight? Yes. Amazing. Crazy. It's like, what are the odds that it would perfectly be there when it's a hundred mile an hour pitch? Oh my god. Who was that? Was that Randy? Yeah, Randy. What's his last name? Randy Johnson. Randy Johnson Johnson. He was the big unit tall. He was like halfway to the thing. So here's, you're Talking about Martha Wash, most famous unknown singer of the 90 Speaks how a voice behind its reigning man gonna make you sweat.


What? And strike it up. I think went from being a bullied victim to an industry pioneer. So which song was it? The C nnc Music Factory song. Gonna make you sweat C nnc Music Factory. She's cute. Why didn't they give her a shot? I don't know. I didn't know what CNC Music factory looks like. Were they good looking? They probably were. Well that was the move back then. You get good looking people. They dance around now You just get AI to Do it. Well this was a, the first time where they were experimenting really with images in a way where you're, you're everything's visual. It's all video. You know, like MTV was so important. Oh my God. It was so important. I like the ugly years of, of musicians gonna make You sweats the same song as everybody Dance now. Oh, that's It.


Oh God, that reminds You of college. That's so this some other lady in the video was singing it, but that lady was the real voice behind it. But she just didn't look like they wanted her to look Uncredited vocals on the chorus. I just, which is, is so crazy. Like, do you don't think like, look what's happening with like Lizzo, do you think you don't think that would've happened in 1994? Of course it would've if you just tried it and Bought it. That reminds me of college. I went to school for acting, which is the dumbest thing you can ever go to school for. What did you learn? Nothing. What'd you learn? Honestly, I learned to wisdom The worst actor. I I really didn believe that. Yeah. Because it was like Shakespeare and stuff and like, I'm terrible at that. All my teachers thought I was just terrible. And it is one class.


Athletes have to be very careful about how they treat their bodies. Something everyone wants to do actually. Right. So it's no surprise that they're very particularly about what they eat and drink. It's no surprise that a lot of pro athletes rely on AG One to help them stay at peak performance. Just like me. AG One is more than a drink. It combines a multivitamin, multi mineral blend of superfoods and more into one simple scoop. And it's NSF certified for sport, which if you don't know what that is, it basically means in put through tons of testing for over 280 band substances. And trust me, you don't want any of that stuff in your body. And it really is as simple. It's one scoop once a day. I have it in the morning. It gives me confidence I need to take on the day. Try AG one for yourself. It's something that I've actually been consistent with and that's why I partnered with AG one for so long. Try AG one and get a free welcome kit. A free bottle of vitamin D three K two, and five free AG one travel packs with your first subscription at drink AG one.com/ Joe Rogan. That's a $76 value gift for free. If you go to drink AG one.com/ Joe Rogan, check it out.


Literally Like this work, it was called Movement for the actor. Now imagine like your parents, my parents paid for college, which was so nice of them. I don't have any debt, but like what a waste of my parents' money. It was, this is an hour class movement for the actors. So they'd put on music like everyone but a dance note was one of the things. And then you're supposed to just creatively like do whatever. So these paying for that weirdos like $50,000. So I'm in the, and I'm in my head like, what the fuck is this? Doesn't make me a bad, so you're fake. And and then this teacher was like, we're doing Shakespeare. And he's like, bring in tights next week for the Shakespeare Your performance. And I'm like, I'm not buying tights and coming in here with tights.


Like why would I have to do that? Because back then they, they dressed in their normal clothes, you know what I mean? When Shakespeare wrote the thing, they were just in their clothes. It wasn't like you had to be in tights to do Hamlet. So I just didn't get tights. And they come in, he is like, where's your tights? He's like this like very effeminate guy who hated me. And he goes, goes wear your tights Kyle. And I was like, oh, I forgot my tights. And he's like, make sure you're bringing your tights next week. And I was like, okay. So next week no tights. And I go, oh, I forgot my tights. I was like, darn it. I wish that brought my said. Oh yeah. I was like, oh That's probably your best acting. Brought My tights. Yeah. I was really good at acting like I didn't, like I wanted to bring my tights.


So he goes, get mine. They're in, they're in the back. You know, there was like a, so I, these green tights. Oh that Had been high. His Balls. I was, yeah. I had to like put them on and I was like, I looked like Kermit the Frog. 'cause my legs are like the size of a 12-year-old Korean girl. And I came out with my, yeah, it was disgusting. Kermit Frog. Yeah, I looked like hermit. Yeah, By the way. And I did tell him, I said, listen, 'cause I tried to negotiate before I put his tights on. I'm like, but they didn't, they just wore their clothes like back then. And he was like, get the tights. Like I wanna see you in tights. Brian Callum was always going to acting schools and he knew they were ridiculous. But I don't, I think like Brian at one point in time was like, like completely enamored with the idea with being in, in Hollywood.


Like he had a bunch of like famous actor friends and he'd go to famous actor parties and he'd take acting classes. He's always working on his Craft. I love that. Working on my craft by the way. But he was bullshit was He was But he was aware. Yeah. He was fucking around like, like when he would say working on my craft, he wasn't being serious. He was completely joking. Yeah, he's very Upset. So he had this teacher that was, I think it was a Scientology hustle too. It was one of those things where there was a lot of that, particularly in the nineties. Oh yeah. Where the teachers were Scientologists. Yeah. But insert by the way, it's not to pick on Scientology, insert whatever religion. There's a, there was a lot of Scientology that was in Hollywood though. But what they would do is they would get people to join the acting class and they would try to recruit 'em into Scientology.


'cause the teacher was a Scientologist. He would talk about So offended. No one Tried to, how important it was. You Never tried to be in Scientology. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. How important it was for his crafters. Meanwhile, they're never successful. The people that teaching the acting classes, they're always terrible. Yeah. They, they never go anywhere. Like maybe they have like a small part on one thing and then they're gonna tell you how to make it. Yeah. You Never hear that speech. But You didn't even apply to your Own life when I was a teacher. I didn't think I'd ever be. Yeah. Not to Say it's not good acting teachers out there. I'm sure there are. There's people that just like love theater. They love like that kind of act. They have no desire to be famous. They love the craft. They love the art of it. That's, that's true too. Right. But anyway, this guy, he was really into show tunes and he would do a big show at, you know, the end of the class or whatever.


Yeah. End the quarter, whatever it was. He had this big show at this local theater and Brian's like, you have to come and watch a guy with the tiniest feet you've ever seen in your life. He had these little, I couldn't take my eyes off his feet 'cause he had loafers on and they were like that big. And this guy would sing like so passionately these show tunes from like musicals. Like there's no context. You don't, he didn't see The musical. It was a, a med, like a medley, like a review. A medley of show Tunes. I love that sounds like a great show. Well you came there for his shoot for his to see his feet. That was like the way you wanted. No, Brian. But Brian was like fascinated by how small his feet were could just come see the next feet. And then I couldn't stop 'cause we were high. So I couldn't stop looking at his Feet. That's not that small that No, they were tiny.


They were like five. That seems like a Five. That's Like, they were little, little tiny feet. I had a dated this girl once and she was like, I have a shoe show. I'm a shoe model. Right. And I'm like, oh, shoe show. Okay. A shoe model. Yeah. Foot A foot model. Like she would model shoes. Okay. Like open toed shoes. I just, what I like, I didn't know. But that's what she would say. She was going to do this. And she always had like dollar bills. She, this is cash, you know. And I found out years later, she was a stripper shoe show when you had no clothes on. And I just thought she was a shoe. Oh by the way, here's another, I thought it was going another direction. No, I thought guys were paying to jerk off to her Feet. Maybe she had great feet. But I al another stoop.


This was even the dumber class and the moving around class was called Interpretation for the Actor. So this would, you would read a, a play like Streetcar named Desire. And then you'd come in and you'd do your interpretation of it. So the weirder you were, the better grade you got. Okay. Oh boy. So one guy comes and he did streetcar and he put, there was a big mirror, you know, 'cause it was whole dance room. And he took a lipstick and he wrote who within lipstick. Oh, this is so deep if you know Street. Talking deep. Yeah. So deep. Then he pulled his pants out, started fucking the mirror. And then he turned to us and he goes, fuck you. And he left. And then everyone started clapping. And I was like, I gotta get the fuck outta here.


Ah, Listen to what I, so I'm like, because I got like a, like a D on my whatever I did. So I'm like, I'm gonna be fucking weird. My next, I didn't read any of the things I like. I have trouble reading. I don't know how to read. I just never learned. So I go, I got I Glass Menagerie is my book. Didn't read it, whatever. I just went in there. I got an egg. Okay. And I had a, I took one of my mother's Waterford crystal glasses and a string. And I took the string and I was just like, nobody sails the seas if they don't find their way. And then I clipped the string and the glass fell and broke.


Then I went outside, you could see, and I buried an egg. It makes no fucking sense. And then the guy said, what grade do you think you should get? And I said an A. And he gave me an A. That was, that was my college work. He's brilliant by the way. Oh, I'm working on my craft by the way. Brilliant. Are you really working? Like when you were, Meryl Streep was an amazing actress when she was 20. And she's amazing now. She never, no. Are you working four hours a day getting better at acting? No, you're not. There's, You're not training guys. There's A little bit you can kind of learn, but this you're done after a little bit. If you're not Daniel Day Lewis already fucking Love That guy. Yeah. If you're not that guy already, you're probably never gonna be able to do that. Yeah. They, they talk like, they're like working their piano skills all day in four days.


Like year Craft. You know, we, the problem, what we did was, is we were like, we not, not me at all, but when they were like, oh, let's make some more money. We'll have an award show and then we'll make money. That's why there's the Oscars is they're Oh yeah. Famous. But the actors thought we're doing something really great. The Oscars are like the Olympics for actors. Yeah. You know, and it's, I mean the Olympics at least you're like, I don't know, doing something you can quantify. But like Right, A 9-year-old, a 9-year-old won an Oscar. Like how like, and not be like a 9-year-old like best surgeon. It's like, it's a thing you can do or kind of can't do. It's a little bit of learning, but certainly not movement for the actor or It's not brain surgery.


No, it's not working on your craft. It's not even like, it's not Painting. It's not even like when you crunch a ball and you throw it into a basket. Like at where like it's the skill is like, well It's one of the few, it's one of the few careers where it's a benefit to be out of your fucking mind. Yeah. It's about personnel. Like I love, we, we love the person like Jeff Goldblum, like love that guy. Christopher Lockin. Jack Nicholson. Amazing. Like there's amazing actors. He like the People who party. Yeah. Crazy Wild people. You know the story behind it today? Yeah. Guy, I Ms. Jack Nicholson. Oh Yeah. He was the best. Oh Jack. He was the, just He was the Best. Did you ever see him flirt with Jennifer Lawrence? Did you ever see that Video? No.


How old was he at the time? A thousand. He was 1000. Wait Jamie, do you have that? I don't mean to run this show, but it's a bro, it's a, it's a good schooling on like, he's so cool. And this girl's way too young for him, but it No politics. What about if you want talk politics, we can. You did such a beautiful job. Thank you crush. Yeah. You're being really rude. Good to see you. I love, oh my God. Thank you. You loved all your movies. Oh really?


Do I look like a new girlfriend? I thought about it. I thought about it. You think that? I thought about it. So it became flirtatious but it was mostly just complimentary about her movie. What movie was that? He stayed, he Stayed cool And he is just, he makes that eye contact. And then It's like you need crazy people to make great Movies. She was flirting actually. Probably One of movie she flirted with him. Yeah. You need crazy people to make good movies. You need it. You you need a guy who's gonna pretend he's Lincoln for four months. Yeah that guy. There will be blood. I just saw the other, Oh my god. Phenomenal. What's that Silver Linings playbook? I drink it off. What was it? Silver Linings Playbook? I think her and Bradley Cooper. Oh I didn't see that one.


I drink your milkshake. Oh My God. It'd be so good. He was so good. He was such a great psychopath. It's like the, if I read that movie, I think I'd be like, this is boring. There will be blood is just Right. I'll drink your milkshake. What? At the end he's talking to that guy who's religious who was like, can I have some of your I've I've, and he's like, no, there's no more oil under you. He's like, I Drank it up. I And he just made the analogy of a straw. Yeah. Like drank up his thing and then he beats him with a I kill milkshake. A bowling pin. A bowling pin. And he is like, I'm finished. One of the best endings to a movie. Yeah. It Was a fucked up movie. And it Was so that's a different thing. You know that kind of acting a Me to take it out of the ground.


Listen, Listen, listen. I paid him $10,000 cash in hand like that. He has his own company now. Prosperous little business. Three wells producing $5,000 a week. Why is this dude crying already? Stop crying. He needs money. He got broke. Stop Your nonsense. And he's coming back to like beg him. You're just after birth. Eli, no. Slithered out on your mother's filth. No. They should have put you in a glass jar. A mantlepiece. Where were you when Paul was suckling at his mother's teeth? Where were you?


Who was nursing you? Poor Eli. One of banned his sows. That land has been had. Nothing you can do about his gone hat. If you would just take this Lee Daniel drainage drain G Lie you boy drain drive. I'm So sorry. Cut to the bar. We kill him. If You have a milkshake. Is it in there? I have a milkshake. No, they cut it out. I have A straw. There it is. That's a straw. You see watching my straw reaches acru through and starts to drink your milkshake.


I drink your milkshake. I drink it up. Don't blame me Daniel. So good choices they say in school. It's the choices you make in your performance. Yeah. It's also you gotta be outta your fucking mind. You gotta be able to become that guy. I know. But then, and most people can't do that. Most people can't lie that good. Yeah. He, I mean he becomes those people where becomes a But to live with that guy would be probably a nightmare during that movie. Oh Would be a nightmare. Yeah. He was Lincoln. Imagine that guy, your roommate Who ate my Cheese, my Cheerios.


I all Day long. He's a murderous psychopath. And what if he slips into character too much? What if he lights your house on fire just to stay in character At? At least he does back it up. You know what I mean? Like he hasn't done anything too crazy. Well there's A lot of people that do that. Like they be, they they, they play a brawler and they start fights with people in the streets. You know, like people get crazy with with film roll they with who they become. Yeah. Who Is that guy? But That's how you got a Great movie was that guy, Guy Christian Bell. Jared Let Was sending people stuff I think As the what's joker. Jared Leto was doing weird shit when he was the joker. Oh Yeah. I don't like when they go too far with it. Like, might have been rumors too, but yeah, the Batman guy. Remember that whole thing where he was screaming at the guy forgetting in, in the way of his lighting or something.


Remember? No, this guy was moving around in the background, was distracting. And he's like, aren't you a fucking professional? Remember that? Yeah. Because he was in like some heavy scene. Yeah. But He was, that does happen man. Where people don't pay attention and they're on their phone or they're fuck off in the background. You know, some, they're writing in eye line. The thing that I found interesting about that was his accent didn't 'cause he, he kept an American accent when he was screaming. So interesting. I found that quite interesting. Yes indeed. Yes. That guy's another fucking amazing actor. Another oh yeah, amazing Actor was that psycho movie American Psycho. So good. Insane. But the craziest thing he ever did was when he almost died, making that machinist movie How got down to like 120 pounds.


Oh guy that can help. He played a guy with Narco. It's a terrible movie. Not terrible. I never Heard that. It's not, it's not very good. But I mean to, to have a guy who's like a leading man and almost die for a movie that no one saw.


Ask yourself this, who has access to your medical history? In theory it's just you and your doctor. But in reality, hundreds of shady companies called data brokers are keeping tabs on every symptom you Google. Every treatment you research and every pre-existing condition they think you might have. That's valuable intel for advertisers and insurance companies who will take any excuse to raise your premiums. But there's a way to get your privacy back. And that is with Express VPN. With express VPN 100% of your online activity is rerouted through secure encrypted servers. This makes it impossible for third parties to invade your privacy express. VPN also hides your IP address, which is the number used to identify you on the internet without your IP address data. Brokers can't use it to track and sell your activity. Plus express VPN is easy to use. It just takes one click and it works on all your devices, phones, tablets, desktops, even TVs and on up to eight devices at the same time. This is why Express VPN is the number one rated VPN by the experts at CNET and The Verge. And the best part, podcast listeners can get four extra months of express VPN for free@expressvpn.com slash rogan or by tapping the banner. And if you're watching on YouTube, you can get your four free months by scanning the QR code on screen or by clicking the link in the description.


I almost, I almost got, I got a movie. It was like the only, it was right in between. It was walking to Phoenix, it was movie. It was so bad. The only movie I like I ever got. And it was between the Joker and the next, it was like set up to be this big movie. It was Gus Van Zant movie. And I, to get the, I was a doctor, I had to say all these like crazy things, technical about the spine and the, and I knew if I could just get through this audition and just say this, I'll get this part, I'll be in the top 10% 'cause everyone's gonna fuck up this and be staring at a piece of paper. Right. So I did the whole script. I had like, when I tap hearsay this, I had a whole thing. Ooh. That made me memorize it. And I went and I went and I got it. I go to do the thing.


No one talks to me. The the guy who the wardrobe guy goes, what outfit you want? He showed me a couple and I was like, this one, I'm ch choosing the outfit of this doctor. And I was like, okay. And then never saw Gus Vanzant. And then I get there and they go just when they say action, go in there and then do your scene. There was no blocking or anything. And I'm like, okay. And I've never done a movie before and I'm like, this is how, I don't think this is how you do it. So they're like acting. They go go. So I go in there and I'm like, is he qua doing this whole thing? And Gus Van Z comes up after me. He goes, have we met before? I auditioned like three times for him and I got the part.


And I'm like, yeah. And he goes, you're talking over Joaquin. And I go, oh, don't, don't talk over Joaquin. I couldn't hear Joaquin Phoenix at all. 'cause he was just like, I'm doing his lines like that. You know? And I wouldn't think as the doctor talking to like assistants that I would stop talking in the middle of my sentence as while he's talking. 'cause he was talking to himself. But it was the weirdest thing. Terrible when He was, was he playing an insane person? He was cripple. He was. Is that pty is we say that Cripple. He couldn't, couldn't, he couldn couldn't move his legs. Yeah. He was the guy, he was the cartoonist. I'm blanking on the name of the movie, but he was a cartoonist And it was this like biopic.


And I was, it was a very weird experience. But the movie. Anyway, my point is, is Terrible. It's a terrible movie. But you thought it was gonna be a banger. Thought this was your shock. Well, no. 'cause at this point in my career, like the shock and all like this, these things happen to you over and over again where I'm just like kind of laugh at it and it's like, okay. I remember I was, I was, yeah there's been a, a bunch of situations where like, get ready for the rocket ship Kyle. 'cause things are about to take off. And I'm always like, okay. Oy. Yeah. The old rocket ship Isn't that funny? Like everybody wants to, it's just the weird anxiety of not knowing if it's gonna work out for you. It's such a terrible place to be. Like that's where the real making it is.


The real making it is just not worrying about that anymore. The real making it is just like, ugh, I can make a living. That's the real, That's a, that's a big hump. Yeah. That's the hump. That's the hump. Whenever I tell young comics that are just starting to like headline now And you know they've got some like viral clips. I'm like, dude, listen to me. You have already made it like you are a professional now. This is the hump. Everything now is just stick to the grind, stick to the, it's gravy from here on out. Like you should be so happy. You're talented and you're successful. It's actually happening. People are paying to come see you. I'm like, you got this like from here. Because everyone's like, man, what if they stop coming? What they Yeah. Yeah. Like don't, don't don't don't don't give into that.


You should have fun. Have fun. They want you to have fun. Come on. They, You know, it's, your job is have fun. Your job is to Have fun. I wish they told someone told me. 'cause I really did not get this advice for a long, long time. There's So many, some people that are super successful still don't do that. There's guys out there that are super successful, that are paying attention to the ticket sales of other super successful guys and comparing themselves. Oh yeah. That's not a good place to be. I'm talking about like arena acts that do that. Oh really? Oh yeah. That's mental illness. People get kooky. Yeah, they Get kooky with like numbers and their position in the ladder. And, am I making it? Is it happening? What does their name rhyme with? I'm not telling you. Jamie knows. I could tell By the side.


I like them too. I, I like a lot of people that think ridiculous things, but it's just, it's a trap that, You know, the the struggle that led you to become successful at something in the first place. That becomes like your mentality. Once you're in a different stage of it and you have to adjust, it's Hard to change. You gotta be able to adjust. It's almost like changing your personality to, to change that habit. I mean, yeah, it's really difficult. Well, everybody adjusts a little bit, right? Because you first get into it because you want attention. Like you first get into it 'cause you think maybe I could be a comedian, that'd be cool. I'd be on stage, I'd get attention. And then after that, you don't need that. That's not what you really want anymore. Like then it becomes like, I just want it to get better. I just want, I'm working on this thing, I just want it to work.


I want it to pop on stage. I wanna figure out the right beats. I wanna figure out the right way to say it. Then it becomes that. And once it becomes that, that's the happy spot. That's where you're happy when you can just create stuff. You just, you know, like Put it together. I wish someone told me that. 'cause I had a viral, some viral YouTube videos like way back. And I did, I was still on like sitcom. I gotta get a sitcom mentality where if someone was just like, dude, a focus on your YouTube and get your audience, no one knew that. Go directly to your audience. Yeah. But back Then no one knew it. No one had any idea. Like, just think about, this podcast was started in 2009 and in 2009 everybody thought it was a pathetic waste of time.


Yeah. I remember like friends would come over to do my podcast. They'd be like, what are you doing? Like why are you doing this? It's like, it's such a waste of time. You're on a fucking webcam. But it's, nobody saw that comment. So did you, I would've never given you that advice back then. Just stick to Your YouTube. Did you do you did it 'cause it was enjoyable. You weren't like thinking like, this is the way I always wanted a radio show, but no one would ever give me a radio show. You know? So I would, when I would do radio shows, like if I would do sit in on Ope and Anthony, I'd be like, this is so fun. I'd love to do something like this, but I, no one's gonna gimme one of these fucking things. That's, that's how I thought about it. Yeah. And so doing, when I saw Anthony Kuia started doing this thing live from the compound, he would do it in his basement where he'd play play karaoke with a machine gun. He's side of his mind.


He's drunk, he's got ta like full beer kegs on tap there. He's, they're drinking Guinness and he's fucking doing karaoke where he is holding a machine gun. Jesus. It was most ridiculous shit. But he had a full professional studio where he had green screen. He had like pro microphones just in his basement for funsies. Yeah. He just did it for fun. And I was like, that's what I want to do. I'll do something like that for fun. And then Of course Tom Green, like you go to Tom Tom Green Yeah. With that internet show in his living room. And I remember looking around and going, you just gotta figure out how to make money with this. Like this is, this is a job. Like this can, That's nice. You knew you wanted to do that. Wow. It just seemed like fun. That's the whole, like, I always loved the opportunity to talk to interesting people or funny people or, You know, I, I'm a questioner.


I like to ask questions like how do you, how did you know that? Why'd you do that? Yeah. You found the right thing. Yeah. I just got, I, it's just like the opportunity to talk to cool people seems like what a great thing that would be. 'cause it's always fun to talk to cool people. Like you look like if I was ever on those shows and I like ran into someone was interesting. I was like, what? How'd you start this? Like what do you, Yeah, you having a lot of interest help Helps. Oh, fucking for sure. Yeah. You get the, but back then I would've told you to get a sitcom because there was none, no money on YouTube. Everybody still wanted a sitcom back then. The Other one guy who didn't and I was like, he's lying. Zach Gki was like, I don't wanna do a sitcom.


And, and I'm like, oh, he is lying. But he actually had like a very, he had his head together. Yeah. He's not lying about nothing. I mean that guy, he's the least attention Horry of any famous, favorite, famous person. He Never caught, Caught funny person ever. Not at all. Doesn't he live like On a farm? Yeah, he does. He has like a tractor. Yeah. Very every now and interesting guy. Very smart guy. Very smart. He was good friends with Brody. Yeah. And he was one of the first people to alert me when Brody was off the meds. Like there was a time when Brody was off his meds. Do you remember that? People didn't know, know, talked about our late great friend Brody Stevens who was like that. So funny. He was so funny.


And that Brody Stevens is like one of the best examples of like, it's not what's written on paper. Yeah. You wouldn't, yeah. Right. If you got his act on paper, you're like, this is not gonna work. All Right. You'd be like, this is nonsense. This doesn't make any sense at all. Meanwhile, everyone's lining up in the back of the room to see him say these things. It's So, yeah. I think it's like that Andy Kaufman of our like, little time period there where he was like, Annie Coffman was a brilliant actor and a brilliant comedic actor. He was great on taxi, but he, I don't think he ever killed on stage like Brody did. Brody was bro, one time we were in the improv Oh yeah. On the Tim, a different type of comedy. But it was like, you know, a a different, when he, when I was on stage, like people, the comedians watched him. Yes. It was a different thing.


He's doing his own thing. Yeah. He's doing this Brody Stevens thing. One time we were at the improv and it's really late, like, I'd gone up, a lot of people had gone up, the crowd was kind of tired. Half the people there, and they announced that Brody's there and Brody's worried that people are gonna get up. So Brody takes his shirt off and he starts swinging it around in the air over his head and walking through the crowd. Let's go. Positive energy. He's, and he gets on stage and he pulls drumsticks out of his back pocket. Starts beating the chairs. Yeah. Then he starts talking shit. And, and he just changed the energy of the whole room. Changed the energy of the whole room. And I don't think there's anybody like, like since him, I can't think of somebody who's like replaced it. Someone will replace that, but you know, they're Gonna do it in their own way. You know, you gotta Go, like you have Brody's on stage, you have to go watch.


Yeah. And part Coleman's Like that now Of Holtzman. Oh, I don't know him. Brian Holtzman? Yeah. You don't know Brian Holtzman? No. Oh my God. Dude, I stay at my house a lot. Oh my God. You let him stay at your house? You don't even Know. No, I say I stay at my house. Oh, You've never saw Holsman at the Comedy Store? No. That's crazy. You know what? I might have and just didn't know his name. Well, he would always gone Late at night and unfortunately I've been, you know, there would be like 15 people left in the crowd and Holtzman would go on these wild rants. He's like one of the funniest guys of all time. He's so, he's like a complete total comics comic. Oh Yeah. I don't know him well, but Holman's at our club now All the time. Oh, cool. All the time. But now he has a crowd. Now people know about him. Oh good. So they come to see him.


Oh, you can go there if, if anything, if you, if you can't tolerate, literally everything don't go. That's What's very dirty. It's not, it's nots not dirty. It's just he's out of his fucking mind. And some of, and it's kind of in character, but you're not really sure. I like that. I was like, Brody, like Mitzie sho wouldn't let him on stage for two weeks after nine 11. She wouldn't let him up. He can't go up. He's like, Mitzie, I don't understand. I'm not gonna cross any lines. He was like, couldn't wait to cross lines. Do you remember when Susan Smith, that lady drowned her kids? Yes. He goes the day. The day. Yes. He's on stage. Ladies and gentlemen. I heard those are bad kids. I heard they sat that close to the tv.


They didn't put away their blocks. They always spilled their fucking milk. Those kids are not gonna be missed. And you're like, what? What does the audience do when they laugh? Yeah. Die. Hollywood Comedy store Sunset. Yeah. Tuesday night or whatever it was. 1:00 AM They went nuts. Everybody went nuts. Yeah. Yeah. That, but that was Holtman. Holtman got these late spots, so he would say the wildest, most insane shit. But also have a really good point. Half the time, like it was comedy wrapped up in a point, and then every now and then he'd let you in on it like that. It was just, it's just fucking around and go right back to it. Yeah. Yeah. And you, you know, it's, it's a little dance he's doing with the crowd and you gotta know what the dance is. But if you know what the dance is, like comics love him.


Like whenever he's on stage, we, we sit in the balcony and watch Holzman at, at the mothership. It sounds like that other guy who's older and blanking on his name, Don Bears. Nope. He's like, why do you PayPal to here at this tower? Oh, Louis Black? No. Hmm. Jesus. Who, who are you talking about? He's At the store. Eddie Pepitone. I'm having Eddie Pepitone. Eddie Pepitone. Eddie's great. I love that guy. Oh yeah, he's great too. Very similar in a lot of ways. Like just insane energy and, and has a point, but is also saying completely wacky. Yeah. It's, it's, I love like these, like how long he's sweetheart Of a guy Too. Career can be like pepitone. Yeah, he is. I like Him lot.


I think he started late. I, I think yet he started did late. Oh, did I think so. At least I wasn't aware of him until later. It's good. We have long career. Like imagine I was thinking about the sports guys, you know, like you're a baseball player, that's your identity and then you're 30 and you're like, it's over. Yeah. You can along, You can go to maybe 40. Like look Tom Brady still playing football. Was he like 42 when he retired? So still that's Youngish To have young as fuck. If you're a comic, if You're, your identity is, I'm a sports, you know, player. I'm like a sports player. That's how much I know. I just revealed how, what a good big sports guy I am sports player. You know, a are you, you're a sports player. Yeah. An athlete makes a ton of money for a very short amount of time.


And that's why they all go broke. Or not all of them, but it's a large amount of s go bankrupt. It's, It's also just like you, you think about your identity when you're a kid and you probably get all that, you know, identity as a, as an athletic person, then you become like a professional and must be difficult to just, you have to really never hook into that. Like, that's my identity. It's also like if you're a really hot woman, I think it's hard when, you know, you gotta like not have be that be your identity and just Can't be your whole thing. 'cause one day it's gonna go away. Yeah. But if you're an athlete, it goes away even quicker than being a hot lady. Like there's hot ladies that are in their fifties. They're still hot, they maintain their, their looks. Some hot ladies in the fifties, They, they work out, they take care of their skin. But there's no like super athletes that are in their fifties.


Like they don't exist. What about Not at a professional level? Hold on, let me think. Go ahead. It's not Possible. I know athletes. There's one guy second here. There's one guy I can tell you that did it into his fifties. Ooh. Bernard Hopkins. He played golf. No, he was a boxer. A world champion. Boxer. Boxer in their fifties. Did multiple division, world champion Boxer was beating world champions at 50 years old. Did Tyson, was he full on going? Full on? I don't know. I'm not Mike Tyson, You know, but I would say by the tone of my voice you can sense a little bit of skepticism. Yeah. It's like anybody who's a combat sports athlete looked at that and said, you know, I'm happy Mike Tyson made money. It seemed like he held back a little Bit, but maybe there was an agreement.


I wasn't there. That would be, I doubt I'm not won for wild speculation. No, you Know, you're no, you don't get on anything was playing until He was 69 years old in 276 days. Who is that? He one extra game. Gordy Howell. Gordy Howell. Great. Great. Soccer. Hockey. Hockey. He was 69, Right? Yeah. I mean he wasn't, he wasn't in the NHL at that point, but he played a professional hockey game at that age. Yeah. That's insane. Hey Joe, can I have a cigar? I wanna look manly. I need to, I need something to look manly. Lemme lemme get Some freshies out of the I don't humid door. You look very Manly. I I mean I Thank you but I, I, sometimes I look in the mirror and I'm like, that's cool Don, look in the mirror. That's the key.


Kelly Slater also pro surfer. Still rolling. I'm gonna look ridiculous. Kelly's Kelly's a great example. He's another example of someone who just takes care of themselves and, but Bernard Hopkins was a one's like Bernard Hopkins World Championship fight that he had when he was in his seven fifties. This is list Wikipedia gives. Albert Hughes is the oldest pro boxer at 70 years old. Oh my God. In 19. Oh my God. That seems like, where Is he out of suicide? I'm gonna look, I don't what year. I know Archie Moore who was a famous boxer before the Muhammad Ali Day. So like Archie Moore was, that's like way back in the, There's video of it.


I don't Know what. Oh, that's insane. Oh, that's just sad. Insane. Who's he fighting? No, no, No. That's the guy's fighting. Does not look like he's trying to hit him. He Wins. No, The old guy wins. That's what the video headlines. This Guy's not, this looks like someone Took a motherfucking dive win over That kid needed money. Yeah. This, this kid's not punching back at all. He's just covering up. This looks super suss. If I was that Oh, and just goes down. Yeah. If I was the athletic commission, I'd have a talk with those fellas. I'd like, Hey, what are we doing here? Is this pro wrestling White Tyson? Yeah. 36 years after his last fights. Yeah. Must Have been. Well I do know that people have been offered fights that are fake fights. Like they've Been offered fights. You do know that for a fact. A hundred Percent.


100%. I know people have been offered fights where they said, you're, you'll, you'll win the fight. That's, I don't like that at all. I know there's celebrity boxing matches and celebrity fights that are like that where they make a deal. Would you ever do a legit fight at some point? No. I'm old as Fuck, dude. No dude, you're chicken spring chicken. No, no, no, no, no, No, no, no. You shouldn't do that kind of stuff as you get older. I don't think, I don't think your body's as resilient. Even if you stay fit and in shape. You don't want head trauma in your fifties. I don't. I've hit my head so many times in my life. I'm a little Worried about. So Hopkins broke his own record by winning the IBF Light heavyweight title from tr Varus Cloud in 2013. And again in 2014, we won the WBA super title from Bay Boot Senoff at ages 48 and 49.


That's fucking crazy. So he wins two titles, a title at age 48 and a title at age 49. Incredible. Are Those rigged? No. No, no, no, no, no, no. The way that he would box was super intelligent. Like he was very defensively minded. But you didn't get clean shots off on Bernard Hopkins. He was, he was very clever and he understood boxing like at, at a very, very like deep level. His footwork was always on point. Never drank, never smoked, always took care of his body. Ate only organic food, worked out every day, never got outta shape. Just all discipline. And so he was able to maintain his body.


Did You ever have that guy Brian? Did I do that? Like that? What the hell is this? Oh, what the fuck? It's not working piece of shit. These things die. That Is a piece of shit. No way. Here it goes. Here. Have you had that guy? I'm gonna look ridiculous doing this. No, You look like a man. I think more of you now. Thanks man. Joe said I look, I look like a man. Is it?


This episode is brought to you by Warfare from a 24 written and directed by Iraq War veteran Ray Mendoza and Civil Wars Alex Garland warfare embeds audiences with a US Navy platoon. But when their operation goes wrong, the only way out is together. A visceral boots on the ground. True story told by the soldiers who lived it. Warfare Stars Will Poulter Kit Connor with Joseph Quinn and Charles Melton. Experience it in IMAX and theaters everywhere on April 11. Get tickets now at tickets warfare movie.


This episode is brought to you by Paramount Plus your next family crime saga obsession is coming this march to Paramount plus Mob Land. An explosive new series from the underworld of Guy Richie Stars. Tom Hardy Pierce Brosnan and Helen Mirren go inside the Harrigan crime family who will stop at nothing to ensure they come out on top in a war that threatens to topple empires and destroy lives. Don't miss the new episode of Mob Land now streaming on Paramount Plus.


Wouldn't that be funny if that's all it takes? I didn't even Like that. You know I did not. I Started you so come on bitch. I think I have to fill it. Yeah. I only got a corner. Have you had that guy on who's trying to live forever? The vampire? No, no I haven't. I I am really fascinated with that guy. I like what he's doing. He's trying, it's Kind of interesting. But he's doing a bunch of stuff that I would say most experts believe is not the way to go. One of 'em is avoiding sunlight. Like, oh yeah, yeah. You're supposed to get sunlight. Like sunlight is important for your body. It's the best way your body produces Vitamin D. Vitamin D. It's great for your endorphins, sunlight is good for you. This idea that you should be shielded from the sun. 'cause you're gonna prevent skin cancer. That's, it's probably the, I've talked to a dermatologist about this and they were explaining that if you don't have resilience from the sun, if you're not like used to going out in the sun, then you go out all in one burst and get sunburned.


He's like, yeah, sunburn is not good for it. I got burned. There You go. Yeah. He goes, you're damaging your skin. What you should do is get accustomed to being in the sun so you don't get fucking sunburned and then be out in the sun. Don't get cooked. Don't spend the whole day out in the sun and get cooked. But like an being out in, in the out in the sun is actually good for you. It it's healthy for your body. Yes. That's just one thing. The other thing is the vegan thing. I get it. If it's for ethical concern, you've got this idea in your mind that animal life is more important than plant life and you don't want to contribute to animal death. Okay. I understand that perspective, but not from a health perspective. Yeah, from a health perspective. All the studies that show that, you know, meat causes this and meat, it's all been debunked.


Yeah. And not only that, most of them are these epidemiology studies where they, they ask people like, how often do you eat meat? Is it two times a week? Three times a week, four times a week. And the more people that ate meat, the more people you see diseases, the more people you see problems. All these health consequences. And so they go, oh meat. Meat correlates to these health consequences. Which you don't ask them is, how did you eat the meat? Is it a jack in the box burger with a fucking giant Coca-Cola? Did you have fries that were cooked in seed oil? Did you eat cake with it? What did you do? Do you smoke cigarettes? How often do you drink? Do you drink every night?


Okay. Like people that are more health conscious, especially if they haven't like read into it enough where they really understand what's nutrient dense And what, what causes problems with your health And what are the real issues with, You know, high sugar diets. Like, and, and those people, they hear meat is bad. So they say, you know what, I'm just gonna eat vegetarian. It seems like it's healthier. I'm just going to eat lentils. They're good for you. They don't cause cancer. I read about the China diet and so you start believing that. But that's not really true. And people have eaten meat since the literally the beginning of time. And 95% of the planet eats meat. There's a bunch of things that likely contribute to all sorts of metabolic diseases that people have.


I don't think regular meat is one of 'em. I don't think a grass fed steak and a fucking salad is gonna kill you. I think the real issue is buns and fries and soda and chips and cookies and the people that don't avoid eating meat, if they're not well read about it, they're doing it. 'cause they don't give a fuck. I'm gonna eat a burger 'cause I want to eat a burger. You know? So you get a lot of that. So in the people that avoid meat, you get like a healthy user bias because these are people that even if it's not correct, like I know people that truly believe that you can become a better athlete on a vegan diet. I'm like, okay. But there's no pro who have ever done that. No pros have ever gone vegan and been be especially at an explosive sport.


Yeah. There's only like a few people out there. Like there's a guy named Martin Ole. Do you know who he is? Of course. Martin Olle from the Cincinnati. You know who he is? Red Dogs? No, you, you're making it up. Martin b is one of the best heavyweight boxers in the world. He's this fucking enormous guy. I think he's, I don't remember what part of Africa he's from. He might be Congolese. Yep. He's a monster. And he's a vegetarian. Yeah, vegetarian fucking people up. Mm. It's kind of crazy. Yeah. Like one of the best heavyweight boxers alive. Huge guy. And he's a vegetarian. It's an aberration though. I, yeah. And vegetarian. You can still eat eggs. Eggs are probably as good as anything if you want to eat like one protein.


And you know, simple, easy to digest has everything. Eggs are pretty fucking solid. I eat eggs like every day. I, I actually tried to not eat meat for a little while, a few years ago. And I, I you need like a nutritionist with you to really make sure you cover that. Yeah. You gotta got all your vitamins correctly and then you gotta make sure you're, you're not taking too many vitamins. And which ones are water soluble? Which ones are fat soluble? Oh shit. I just caught myself in the camera here. I look ridiculous. Smoking a cigar. Yeah. You look like a man. I get to that. Thanks Joe. I don't like you more this way. Great. Hide those things from people. You shouldn't be able to look at yourself. It's bad for you. I love it. I love that.


Oh yeah. Joe just turned the camera off. It's just like reading the comments. Don't do it. By the way, you know what, these younguns, these young kids lemme go lecture young boys. Yeah. I was at one point where, what About John Larroquette? You, you ever gonna get to that? We'll Get to it. Let's Not rush that story. Let the podcast breathe for a second. Okay. And then we'll, so these young kids now I noticed this women will do this. They'll be like, people say, I light up the room. This woman told me this. Who Ever says, people say I light up the room that actually lights up the room. That's what sometimes people say, I'm funny, but I I've noticed like the young, young people, they co they tell you compliments they got and they're like, why is this?


Because for our area, it's like you never say like, I'm great. People think I'm you never would say that. Yeah. But now this is my theory. I don't know if this is true. They, they've grown up on Facebook where people say, you look so pretty. And then everyone sees the compliment. And now when they go out in the world and they get a compliment, then they're like, oh, I let people know my comp. Everyone sees the compliments. That's probably exactly what it's, That's my theory. That's a very good theory. I think that's dead. Dead on. Write a book about it. You should buy that. Make sure you do the audio yourself. I Have no merch. Yeah, I'm gonna definitely the audio. You don't want any merch? No merch. You should have Caitlyn Jenner merch. Yeah baby. Yeah baby. Some tape. That Was when I knew comedy tuck and roll was doomed. You and I were talking. Yeah. I sent you what they cut. Yeah. We we were having a conversation that you were, showed it to me in the comedy store.


Green room. In the green room in the main room. You were telling me the, the struggle you're going through. It was so stressful. That whole thing. Well you had this show that you were doing on your own. That was amazing. And it's one of those things like South Park, right. Where South Park really works. 'cause they can do outrageous shit. 'cause You know, it's not real. 'cause they don't even look remotely Human. Yeah. Your brain knows You when you were doing the face swaps with like cell phone technology, You know, like what everybody can use. It was obvious. So something funny about it being ridiculous. Clearly not Bill Maher. Yeah, yeah. It was clearly Kyle Dunnigan.


Yeah. It, it wasn't Kim Kardashian, it was Kyle Dunnigan. It wa You know. Yeah. You, you had, it was the way you were dealing it was, was super obvious. Then the Comedy Central thing came along like this. Like, like you get A beard. I mean, that looks ridiculous. Gimme some I didn't mean to have a beard. You start from the Beginning. Gimme this again. Play a different episode. No, no, no. A different one. This one's terrible. Listen, no one's buying my book. Shall Yeah. I thought I would read a RP to wet your whistle. All right, we can turn this off. Turn It off. You tortured him If you wanna put, put on a good baby. If you wanna put on a good one. Put the good one where she, what happened to her vagina? I forget what it was.


Yeah. But they were all talking about something that happened and she's, she shoved a baby in her pussy. Yeah, that sounds like a bit I did. You Know your house burned down. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, it was awful. Girls for a minute there I thought I was gonna suffer the same fate as my nut act. Oh jeez. Yeah baby. I wanna apologize to the TransUnion. Yeah. Did you f all your clothes? Yeah. Yeah. The first thing I did when I saw the flames was grab my Fendi clutch and my Alexander McQueen stiletto pumps. Ya my ya. Yeah. Then I ran back into the flames to get my Louis Vuitton alligator duffle a bag. So beautiful. It demands attention. Yeah. My size.


17 Jimmy Choos and my dog checkers. But there was only enough time to save two of those things. Girls. Oh no. That's like Sophie's choice. What's that? What did you choose? This is what I do with my time. Oh, checkers Is fucking dead. Yeah. Checkers is dead. I just got my old balls. Yeah, baby. To play with Up In heaven, baby. That's what I'm doing with my time. That's an old one. That's an old age. But the, But the fact that that's obvious made it better when they did it on Comedy Central, they used higher level technology And it was kind of weird. It's creepy. It has that What is that? Uncanny valley. Uncanny Valley. Uncanny valley. Yeah. Your brain needs to know it's a joke.


Like obvious. Like that's obvious joke. Like no one's gonna look at that and go, what did Caitlyn Jenner say? Now you look at that and you go, what is this Fuck is? Yeah. Like that's part of the fun of it is it doesn't look real. Yeah. It's completely ridiculous. I didn't mean to have a beard that was just, I was being late. I was like trying to make a joke by the way. I never did. I did impressions when I was younger. When I was like in middle school I would do them and then I never, I started doing 'em like a, a manager was like, don't do impressions. And then that face app came along and I looked nothing like Trump though. The first one I was doing was Trump. Yeah. Because I, I did a Trump like years ago and I was like, oh, I can do Trump.


'cause my face like is the opposite of Trump. Stormy, Stormy, Stormy. It's funny, I have the worst Trump, like I did Trump first and it's the worst one now everyone does a better Trump. It was fun though. It it's a, it was a ridiculous character though, but it's like, that's how I knew Comedy Central was doomed. I'm like, if you guys are fucking this up, like this show he's giving to get you on a silver platter. Just get outta the way. All you had to do is get outta the way you were working with Metzker, right? Yeah. Not at that moment. Yeah. Eventually you were. Yeah, eventually. Yeah. Like all you had to do is get outta the way. Just get outta the way. Put a point a camera at it. Let him tell him you're supporting him. Yeah.


Eventually there was a show. Yeah. I was doing like, full on because that, that was like, I was just kinda doing little videos and then it became like I was crafting, you know, we would do, you were in one of them time canceler, like we had like crafted e episodes where I don't remember What did we do in that one? I'm trying to recall. You played Becky the nurse, worst time cancel just to show Joe. I don't think you remember those. You probably don't remember. But time counselor was like, I do remember was like a full episode where Yeah, no one, no one ever was like, Hey, we can make this and it and it wasn't dirty And it was like, got a lot of views and I, I never, Hollywood never was. They were always like, no, Thank you. Yeah. They couldn't figure out.


It is weird. I I And it is weird. Well it's just, it's this weird marriage of comedy creative people and then business people, executives. That's the weird marriage. And they, they, because they've had a few hit shows before where, you know, we're producing South Park where like, but you don't make it, you can't make it yourself. Like so you have this idea in your head. Yeah. They brought it to them. Yeah. That you're a part of the process of, and you could choose you, you've got an eye for creativity. Yeah. Oh, that's right. Nurse Becky, you're really good in that. Thank you. I don't do do you come up to that on stage To nurse Becky, Joe Rogan from the Well a lot of people like bring it up at the airport.


Yeah. Comes up there a lot. Do you, Do you give any, like, I, I don't wanna be seen You just like people coming up to you. How do you feel about that? Most people are nice. It's just people being nice. Most people, that's the vast majority of people. They just wanna say hi you. They like what you do and it's nice, You know, because of you. A lot of dudes come to my show, which is great. Was it mostly girls before? It's mostly nobody. It was mostly neither people are coming to your shows. But now it's great people are coming to my shows, but it is like a sea of dudes. Like, no, I did a tour and I was, I started to count like, are any girls coming to my show?


And the only ones would come would be like, my boyfriend likes you. I'd say something like that. Yeah. Like, and yeah. I I I just saw thousands of people I didn't see, there was never like three girls came to see me or something. It might be like one autistic girl. No ladies Who likes to hear you say Yeah baby. Yeah baby. Yeah. Wait till this episode of Kill Tony comes out. Oh, I got the wildest show. That show is like a fever dream. Wow. It's Nothing else was so fun. Is gonna be on Netflix like that. Yeah. It was so fun. We can't give anything away because it doesn't come out until Monday. So we don't wanna give anything away.


Oh. But holy shit. Was it funny? I love Tony's like, I like when the comedians do well 'cause it's so much pressure. Can you imagine the pressure? These? Oh, comedian. God, God. It's like, could change their and there's nothing, you know, when you're young, you don't even know how to make it in show business. And there's just like one show they can, this was a direct link. So it's like it works worker, it works. Like these guys that have gone from that show that have real careers now. Yep. Guys like Cam Patterson, William Montgomery, these guys are going on the road. They're selling out all over the place. Oh yeah. People love them. David Lucas. I mean it's kind of incredible. The fan base is rabid. Yeah. He's made a lot of like careers. They're selling out arenas this weekend in Nashville.


I know they have like the comedy baton right now. The the funny thing is when when someone doesn't do well and it's like dead silent, this makes me laugh and Tony will go, holy shit, Tony's the worst. He's so funny. So mean funny. He's like, holy shit. He's so good at roasting. Oh my god. He's Like fast. Oh, he's the best at it. There's no one close. He's the best roaster ever. Yeah, he's unbelievably Quick. I mean on that Tom Brady roast, he was a fucking savage. Holy shit. Yeah, that Tom Brady Roast was so important to comedy because it was the most watched thing ever in Netflix And it was the most unwoke thing that's ever been on television. Yeah. So it was like it broke the dam and Nicky Glazer was really funny.


Yeah, everyone did really funny. Jeff Ross was great on it. Schultz killed on it. It was great. Schultz having something like that was a big moment. You know, like something that's just, just funny. Like fuck all these stupid rules we're talking shit. This is just talking shit. Everybody loves it. I think it seems like it's let it go. It is done. It seems like everything. Well It's not done with some people. They're triple masking right now as they're listening to this. I can't believe this. They're not listening to this. They got a tie dye mask on the outside. They're kicking a Tesla on their way to the Garage. I know a comedian who still goes on stage with 'em.


This episode is brought to you by Call of Duty. All right. Call of Duty War Zone fans. The wait is over. Ver Dansk is back. Yep. You heard me. The iconic map we all know in love is making its epic return to Call of Duty War zone. You can drop in right now and experience All the chaos, All the action and that pure adrenaline rush you've been missing. We're talking legendary POIs, superstore, hospital, prison, all of it. Ready for you and your squad to wreck havoc. Whether you're an OG war zone grinder or you're dropping in for the very first time for Dank is primed and ready. Intense firefights, iconic landmarks, heart pounding moments. This is what you've been waiting for And it gets even better. There are new gameplay updates and the return of Verdan era weaponry to really crank things up. So call up all your friends, gear up and dive back into Verdan. This is it the moment we've been waiting for download Call of Duty War zone for free and drop into ver dance right now. Rated M for Mature.


This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. Sometimes speed is a huge asset like in the ring or on the field. Being quicker than your opponent could be the difference between winning and losing in the world of business. It could be the difference between finding or missing out on your next great hire. Luckily you can speed up the hiring process with ZipRecruiter. Their new zip intro feature can help you meet several interested qualified candidates at once, kind of like speed dating. And right now You can try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro works fast to find the people you need. You can literally post your job today and start talking to candidates in back to back calls tomorrow. It's that fast. And best of all, this feature does a lot of the legwork for you. It finds you top talent for your role and schedules those calls. All you need to do is pick a time. Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with zip intro only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro post jobs today. Talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


Ask and has it the whole time and comes in the whole time. I won't say Puts it on when he is talking. Comes Into the microphone with it comes in. Maybe he takes it off. No. Yeah, I think he takes it off for the thing People were doing comedy through masks. That's What very funny. That's What the dumbest fucking things of all time. You know what, Maybe he has like an immune disease. I don't know. Maybe that's a reason It doesn't stay home. It doesn't matter. It's not helping you. You're breathing into this fucking cloth that's an inch from your face and bacteria is gonna accumulate there and moisture and it's probably gonna be worse for you. Don't you hate it when you're like you're doing standup and like accidentally like a mouth hit like that and think All the people, there's been 15 comedians before.


You're and comedians are disgusting. Let's be honest. This world disgusting group of people and and you're just like, ah, okay. I gotta just wait for this disease. Wait for whatever. Yeah. If someone's got a cold, we all have a cold. That's one thing You Sharing a microphone with somebody who has the flu. I, I know a girl who brings her microphone. Swear to God the stand. Really? Yeah. Doesn't Eliza do that too? I don't know. How's she doing? Haven't heard. I think she just released a Special. You ever see her movie that's like weird 'cause it's like some of it's funny then all of a sudden it's serious and you're like, is it No, I did too. It goes back and forth from mixed genres. They call it. You know what, she's on that I love Righteous gemstones. Wait, meet right to gemstones.


You know who else? Edie Patterson. I love her. I I was in the Groundlings with her. We would do sketches. Edie is like the daughter or something. Right? But she's so funny. She's just weird and funny. I understand. It's a weird show. It's a funny show, man. Like, like I can't believe nobody told me to watch it. Maybe they didn Didn't. There's too many show. I have a thing where I'm like, don't, can you just not tell me another good show. Too many shows. I'm not caught up The Baldwins. You watching that? No. Was it a sitcom? It's a reality show. But Alec Baldwin is a terrible wife. Why Would you Watch? She's an awful 'cause I watch what women Watch. That's What I enjoy. Does she fake the accent? I'll watch it if she fakes the accent. Yeah, she fake it. She's a Does she She is. Can I Pretend she doesn't understand the words? Yeah.


The What is, how do you say in English? English. Cucumber. Cucumber. And he goes along. But he, do you have that her shushing him at like a red carpet? I saw it. Oh, isn't that just awful? Yeah. I'm talking. You're not talking when I'm talking. I'm talking. You talk talking. When I talk talking. He, Alice Baldwin can get like a really sweet, beautiful woman. He is. Alex Baldwin. What happened? He would yell. They would run away. He would yell. What do you mean? He would yell. He would yell at them. They'd run away. Who knows? Who knows what these two are? Like they look, they both look like they're outta their fucking minds. And I'm sure it's edited, but he comes off way better than her on that. Maybe he's doing that on purpose. Maybe that's a clever move.


Let her say crazy shit. Don't check her. Let her come off looking like a nut. Maybe they planned it. Maybe they have a wonderful relationship and they said, listen, this is not gonna sell. She Humiliated him. Maybe you're right. It go viral. Listen, you, you are gonna sho me up and I'm not even gonna comment on it. Oh. Plus I just killed a lady. So It does make you forget about when he killed that lady A little bit. It's a good way to make you forget The show. Yeah. Wasn't say the Other good way is you change your gender. Oh yeah. That's another good way. I mean I Bruce killed that lady with a car baby. That was Bruce. Yeah, Just Bruce. That was like right after that. Have you ever seen the footage of the car, the reenactment? Like she was putting on lipstick or something?


She was very distracted playing on her phone. What was I gonna say about Alec? Bald? But hold on. There was one other thing About that. No, he was, you said she, you shouldn't say she. You Should say he. What'd I say? You said she was, please correct yourself. I that was back when she was Bruce. She she was, Was she always Bruce? What does it say in the, in the Olympics? Dead name. What Can you dead name in the Olympics. Is that allowed? Dead naming kind of went away, huh? Yeah. That didn't work. People like, you can't, you can't kick people out of the social square for life. 'cause they won't accept this bizarre new thing you're doing. There it is. Bruce Jenner still says Bruce. Wow. Look how jacked he was. Oh yeah. He Back then was he There's that nut sh you can see the nut shack. Yeah.


Nah. Did he have the I think I have no information. Yes, but I think So you're Holding back. Do you work for the government? Eh, I know a guy. I'll tell Trump to release the files. So terrifically not a terrific Guy. Are we getting new files? Jamie? Does anything happen? Do We know what, what happened with Oliver Stone apparently testified about the JFK assassination. What Does he know? How does he know stuff? He knows everything About It. How does he know? He's a, a literally a warehouse of information on the JFK assassination. Before the podcast, during the podcast, after the podcast. He wouldn't stop talking about it. He could like You could, is it Terrance Howard information Or no? No, it's Oliver Stone. He's a brilliant guy.


Oliver Stone can give you, he he could sit down and break down from, just, from recall. And how old is Oliver Stone? This is slate seven. Seven. I think Like complete recall of dates, times, who was involved, who they worked for before this happened, who Kennedy had fired. Why they were on the warrant commission report. What the warrant commission report's objectives were. Who was influencing it? Who saw the, the gunshots and the grass. You know, how did they die in mysterious circumstances? He like, he And he's like rattle It all off, off the top of his head. And he's like saying, He tells Congress to reinvestigate the 1963 assassination starting at the scene of the crime.


Like I'm telling you, man, the movie he did is, you know, great movie Kevin Costner wonderful movie. But talking to him about it is where you really freak out. Like, this guy has been studying the JFK assassination forever And he thinks it was a CIA or hit or something. You know, no one knows. And until you get all these files, no one's going to know there was, and even once you get all these files, what is it gonna, how you're still gonna connect dots and it's not like there's a page, page 24. Mike did it. Oh, fucking Mike, right? Yeah. Mike was in the grassy knoll. I told him, shoot that Irish cocksucker, he is gonna rob us. Like, no, there's none of that. You're, you're going to get certain details that weren't available before for national security reasons or for whatever.


But if they had made some sort of a declaration that Kennedy was a problem that needed to be removed, that would be like the, as close to a smoking gun as you would get. They could probably get away with saying things like that in 1963. You know, especially like people that worked at, they were doing nutty shit in 63. Like really nutty shit. Like that's the year, the same year as Operation Northwoods. Right? That's the same year. What's that? Operation Northwoods was this crazy idea that was drummed up. It was a false flag idea that was drummed up and literally signed by the joint Jesus daf. Like they, they gave this a green light and then vetoed by Kennedy.


And what they were gonna do is they're gonna have a bunch of false flag attacks. Like they were gonna blow up a jet liner and they were gonna blame it on Cuba and they were gonna arm Cuban friendlies and bomb Guantanamo Bay. They were gonna literally kill American citizens. And the idea was do this false flag, blame it on Cuba, then we have to go to war with Cuba. And Kennedy was like, what the fuck are you doing? No. And then there was the other one, which was the Bay of Pigs. So they informed Kennedy about the Bay of Pigs. Yeah. Apparently they afor informed him about it like late in the process and he denied them air support. So the whole plan of invading Cuba, the Bay Bay of Pigs Yeah.


Was dependent upon air support. They didn't get air support 'cause Kennedy said no to it. So all these people died that didn't have to die. Yeah. All these American soldiers died that didn't have to die. And my friend Evan er from Black Rifle Coffee, he had a very good point. He said like if you wanted to look at someone who had a bone to pick, who was like a hardened killer, like those guys who got stranded at that beach, those would be the kind of guys that would want to kill Kennedy. Like there was probably a lot of people that wanted to kill Kennedy. You know, there's probably the mob wanted to kill him because they got the mob, got him in, you know, the whole thing that happened with Illinois, like him winning Illinois. Right, right. Yeah. About that very Shaky stuff.


Right. A very Shaky Election. Very. So the mob got him in and then his brother starts going after the mob. Yeah. They're like, hey fuck face. Like what kinda deal is this? And then you've got, he's trying to get rid of the CIA, he wants to get rid of all these. Like, he gives that speech about privacy, about having these private groups and having secrecy and secret societies. Have you ever seen that speech about secret societies That Kennedy made? Yeah. No, It's really creepy. He's talking call, calling, talking about how secret societies are repugnant and that, you know, he's essentially calling out the shadow government.


You know, he's calling out all these people that are involved in these organizations literally from like Yale, like the Skull and Bones that they're all in. All these creepy frat boys join the Skull and Bones. Then one day they wind up ruling the world. Like it's kind of Harry Potter ish. It's bizarrely, you know, on the nose as far as what it is. But he was calling that stuff out in the sixties as well. And then they kill him. And then you don't hear a peep about any of that stuff anymore. And we will get to the John Lyric head story. Just anybody listening, we Will get to it. Let, listen to Kennedy it, listen, talk about secret societies. I wanna say that. Yeah. Secret Societies Era. Ross. Secret societies. It's a, it's a very creepy, creepy Bones Speech when you think about the fact that they killed him like less than a year later, I believe.


What about the back and the left? This is what I heard. I don't, I don't know any information but the, and Oliver Stone, he was like back and to the left back and, but someone was saying no, your head would go, would do that because it like from the shot from the back, your head would like recoil back. I don't know anything. Well, We could look at that too. Let's hear it. The speech that killed him about Susan society and gentlemen, The very word secrecy is repugnant in a free and open society. And we are as a people inherently and historically opposed to secret societies to secret oaths and the secret proceedings.


We decided long ago that the dangers of excessive and unwarranted concealment of pertinent facts far outweighed the dangers which are cited to justify it. Even today. There is little value in opposing the threat of a closed society by imitating its arbitrary restrictions. Even today, there is little value in ensuring the survival of our nation if our traditions do not survive with it. And there is very grave danger that an announced need for increased security will be seized upon by those anxious to expand its meaning to the very limits of official censorship and concealment that I do not intend to permit to the extent that it's in my control and no official of my administration, whether is rank is high or low, civilian or military should interpret my words here tonight as an excuse to censor the news, to stifle dissent, to cover up our mistakes or to withhold from the press and the public the facts they deserve to know for we are opposed around the world by a monolithic and ruthless conspiracy that relies primarily on covet means for expanding its sphere of influence on infiltration instead of invasion on subversion instead of elections, on intimidation instead of free choice on gorillas by night instead of armies by day.


It is a system which has conscripted vast human and material resources into the building of a tightly knit, highly efficient machine that combines military diplomatic intelligence, economic, scientific, and political operations. Its preparations are concealed, not published. Its mistakes are buried, not headlined. Its dissent is are silenced, not praised, no expenditure is questioned. No rumor is printed, no secret is revealed. No president should fear public scrutiny of his program.


For from that scrutiny comes understanding and from that understanding comes support or opposition. And both are unnecessary. Why Did, why did we become so retarded? Like listen to how genius what he's saying is and how eloquently he's describing the problem. People don't Talk like that anymore. No, we don't talk like that anymore. And if we did talk like that, people would be like, what did he just say? Yeah, I didn't understand a Word. I understood half of those words. I didn't know those words. This is 1963. We're dumber now. Oh Yeah. With more access to information than we were in 63. And People think they're smarter 'cause their phone, they think that's them too. Try GPT easily.


Oh, I tried gr too And it was really cool. I kind of felt like, I don't know, you can just see liking your AI friend. Well, that's a problem with people. It is a big problem. Gr is saying some wild shit to folks. Oh, I know. They have that different kind of stuff. Well, if you also, if you ask Rock, if you were like purely evil and you wanted to destroy society Yeah. Would you do? How would you do it? And Grok essentially describes everything that's happening in society. Yeah. It's like Idiocracy, you know that movie? Idiocracy? Yeah. Bureaucracy. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's happening. I definitely feel like I'm Idiocracy like was very charitable in terms of like their version of the future in comparison to What we're worse.


Experie. Yes. I'm, I'm, because they didn't figure in cell phone addiction. Yeah. You know what makes me laugh is when you look at like a seventies movie about the future and like what they got right and wrong. Yeah. First of all, we don't do the FaceTime as much as they thought we were gonna just do that All the time. We're like, no, we don't want that. Another funny thing is like the back of TVs are like, TVs are never gonna get rid the back. They're gonna have flying cars. But the where do you put the stuff? Like no One out. It's always gonna be a big box. Yeah. Yeah. And they're like, oh, there's no more racism in the future. And you have flying cars. Where's the Flying cars? Yeah. No flying cars. No ba No racism. There's no black people. No. Watch the Jetsons. They don't have a single black person. Oh, that's true. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that was our show.


Ni George Jetson da. And then they, we'd be flying around. You're flying car. What year was that supposed to be? Did they say like, this is, that's a good question. 2012. Let's take a guess. What is it? I'll wait. Sorry. Oh, you already fucked It up. My cigar keeps going out. Is that a sign of manhood? It came out In 2006. Like Olympic. I shouldn't Be like doing this all 2006. What? No, that's what it came out. That's when the movie was Released. No, I mean like when the Jetson, no, no, not Idiocracy. The Jetsons. Oh shit. What year is the Jetson supposed to be? Idiocracy was supposed to be 2020 what? 2,500. Five. Oh 2000. That's probably, that's again very charitable. Yeah. And by the way, we Could have a pro wrestling president right now, by the way.


Right? Oh yeah. The Rock. You know, I like that guy. Are We allowed to say that? I think they wanted the rock to run Rock. Rock could win. I went to go to He did, right? Yeah. I went to the gym with the Rock when I was in la Not a brag, I'm just telling you the facts. We went to the same gym. Did Joe get pumped? Yeah, we got, like, this was before he was like really famous, but there was this like restaurant nearby and I was there and he, he got a stack of like 10 burgers. That's all he ate. And I was like, who fucking, he's an enormous dude fucking guy. He was just wrestling back then. Yeah. He could be the president. He couldn't do the lift the weight I was doing though. He, he went the machine and he had to go down. Of course I found, Of course this was kind of humiliating. Of course What I found a year for the Jetsons. Okay, let's guess. Okay, I wanna say 1998.


1999. I'm gonna say 1999. No way. Yeah, For reference to it came out in 1962. Was the debut. 2000, 2000 this year. 2025. 1999. What is it? Where it does apparently a hundred years into the future. So 2062. Oh, okay. Not gonna happen though. None of, no, No. They didn't figure out phones. That's even Star Trek. Didn't figure out cell phones. It was like there was a walkie talkie Kirk out, you know, like shed his little walkie-talkie off. They did? Yeah. Kirk didn't have the hats. Oh, did you See this fucking warp drive thing that they No, but I love space and all this stuff, so I want to see this. Yeah, somebody sent me this.


This is very, very strange that I took Physics in college. Not to brag, but just telling you guys fast. I bet you did, dude. I, I, You know,


this episode is brought to you by Intuit TurboTax. One thing I've learned from doing this podcast is the value of having real experts around whether it's someone breaking down complex science, health, or even philosophy. Having the right people makes All the difference. That's exactly what TurboTax does for your taxes. Because now taxes is matching with a TurboTax live expert for your unique tax situation. Your expert is backed by cutting edge technology that cross checks millions of data points for absolute accuracy. And while they work on your taxes, you can get real time updates on their progress and get the most money back all while you go about your day, which means less stress for you and the best possible outcome for your return. It's 2025. It's time to file like it now. This is taxes Intuit TurboTax. Get an expert now@turbotax.com.


The finals are here. And the only thing that's for sure is it's the last time to bet on college basketball. This season, get in on All the action expected and unexpected with Draftking Sports book. With live betting, exclusive content, promos and parlays. DraftKings is the ultimate college basketball destination. As we reach the finals first time, here's something special just for you. New DraftKings customers bet $5 to get $150 in bonus bets instantly bet the unexpected with DraftKings Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, call the Virginia problem gambling helpline at 8 8 8 5 3 2 3521 and over Virginia only eligibility restrictions apply. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk G.co/audio.


I never thought of doing something else, but I love other things and for some reason I just was like in taking acting classes, What did you like about physics? I always love like out like outer space and just science stuff. I just always have like an interest in it. And in school I was very, I didn't score well, but like physics I did well. 'cause it was like, wasn't a lot of reading, wasn't dense reading. What is the problem with you in reading? Well, I never got tested dyslexia, but I never got tested. But I did take Spanish and she goes all your, you write all your B's and D's backwards.


So I'm assuming I dyslexia. How old were you though? I was in high school, but I always read, so like my parents were cool. They'd send me to read speed reading classes. They weren't back then in my day, they weren't like, you have a reading disorder. They were like, you just need, you're dumb. You need to read faster. Yeah, you, You Suck. Yeah. There was no test, no one had dyslexia. What? So dyslexia is like, you see things backwards. Is that what it is? It's sort of like you flip things. Oh. So I actually put a dyslexia app on my computer and it sort of like makes the font so I don't flip the like, you know. So you do have dyslexia? Definitely. I, I never was tested but this app, I I, I read much faster with it, so I'm assuming I do, I took the medicine, it got better, so I assume I had it.


I, yeah, that's kind of what it, it was Jamie, I sent you that warp drive thing. Yeah, I was trying to pull it up. I don't like labels, Joe. I don't wanna label myself with a disease. I, I couldn't read. So This is it. DARPA funded researchers accidentally discover the words, world's first warp, bubble warp drive. Pioneer and former NASA warp drive specialist, Dr. Harold G Sunny White, has reported the discovery of an actual real world warp bubble. And according to white, the first of its kind breakthrough by Limitless Space Institute's team sets up a new starting point for those trying to manufacture a full sized warp capable spacecraft. They added our detailed numerical analysis of our custom casser cavities.


I dunno what that means. Helped us identify a real and manufacturable nano micro structure that is predicted to generate a negative vacuum energy density that such that it would manifest a real nanoscale warp bubble, but not an analog. But the real thing. In other words, a warp bubble structure will manifest under these specific conditions. White caution that this does not mean we are building a fully functioning warp drive. A much as much more science needs to be done. Alright, So if this was 2021 when I Googled defined it to try to see what you're talking about, I found this article, it just came out three days ago. Oh, three days ago. It's about an email though, but Warp drive think tank adds Harvard astrophysicists and warp theorists to advance planetary defense.


We talking About warp drives as an asteroid collection or something or Other. So they're gonna throw a warp drive around an asteroid to keep it from killing us. I Don't know. Yeah. Could have pro profound effects on planetary defense, advanced propulsion and warp drive detection. Maybe that's where asteroids are coming from. Someone like shot an asteroid, like, you know, like something's coming at their car, they whacked it out the window and it hit your car. Yeah. You know what I mean? That's what's happening. We got the Yeah. Little tennis rack oid belt Smack that bird and it went into your window. Yeah. Yeah. That's, you know what, You know what I'm saying? That's what's happening in outer space basically. I Wonder if that's what's happening. I wonder if like, they see an asteroid coming and they just throw a warp bubble at it and it just appears somewhere else. Not my problem. That'd Be cool. It just Shows up.


So ju putter saves us from all our, our little strikes. Yeah. We do have like a, a perfect setup, but then, Okay. Okay. So this is no coincidence. We are working on something historic when push for a timeline and list of goals for the team's newest project Mar Mar Martier Martier. How do you think you say that? M-A-R-T-I-R-E. Mal Mar It said Yes they exist, but we can't disclose those details at this time. He said seemingly boundless passion practically coming through in print. You'll understand why once I'm able to show you it's rad applied physics goal.


Sorry. Applied physics is currently hiring. Okay. It won't tell you what it is, but Great. So I Say that this is what I've been thinking a lot of these fucking UAP things are. Yes. I wanna know what you think. That's what I, This, that's what I think. I think some of it has gotta be ours. And I think if I had some shit that I didn't want the general public to know that I had and I wanted to protect it from like espionage, didn't want enemies to find out about it, I would say it's not mine. I'd say it's coming from outer space. It's, it's not of this world. Yeah. Hey guys, not of this world. An article Stand there in the, a race to build the world's first working warp drive. Jesus Warp theorists say we've entered an exotic propulsion space race.


Awesome. To build the wor world's first working warp drive. All this is happening while AI is becoming sentient. Did you hear that? It's, it's AI passed the Turing test. It does this recently? Yeah. Well it was an article from yesterday. AI passes Turing test for the first time. Yeah. It learns like exponential. People think it's, it's happening so fast. You know what the Turing test is. Yeah. To see if it can be passed a human. Yeah. If you, if it passes as a human to, to everyone the Most. I don't think I could pass the Turing Test. Terrifying study reels. AI robots have passed Turing tests and now are indistinguishable from human scientists. Say, Yeah Bro. We're so fucked. It It is. I think the good things is it'll probably cure loneliness a little bit.


Like old people, old robot friend. That's good. 100%. But it's gonna be real weird. And it could be complete population collapse. Not no Bullshit because of the jobs they replace. They, the jobs they replace. People having no desire to take care of kids or have kids When you can give a robot girlfriend. Yeah. Robot girlfriend will be cool. You know, also I think be you thought About, you're like, yeah, we're all gonna die. Robot girlfriend would be cool looking nut inside this robot. Yeah. They're gonna probably like sell like their vaginas separately that get the actual c It's A robot girlfriend that you have to keep alive with. Cu the only way, it's the only way to keep her alive. I got the one, you gotta fill her up every day or she just gets narcolepsy, falls asleep.


What about meaning? That's, that's a problem I think to have if robots be better at everything. Even already just songs. Like, I write music just for fun, but like, it's a talent that doesn't matter anymore. You know? Like, not that it doesn't matter, but like they're, they write very good songs already. Ai and then have you ever seen The art one of those photos of the entire Milky Way galaxy and there's little dot of the earth Since you are here. Yes. It's very disturbing And cool. Now imagine meaning. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. The blue dot. It's All us. It's all subjective. Like meaning is meaning to us. 'cause we think we're super important. But if we get surpassed by a superior life form that we actually create meaning what does meaning mean anymore?


It doesn't mean anything anymore. If you don't have emotions, if you're the superior life form and emotions don't exist anymore because you don't have a human reward system that's built in through thousands and thousands of years of evolution. You need it. I mean, a job just to not have a job but an identity. Yeah. The Sun needs, that's the problem. Meaning that's why it went supernova. It needed meaning. Totally. Yeah. And it just couldn't help it. And it just like see me. Yeah. The sun needed to be seen. I felt so unseen as the sun that I had to blow out a solar flare. Yeah. And kill everyone's satellites. Yeah. It's meaning is our thing. And we decide that meaning is important. But objectively for the universe, it's clearly not.


Oh, the universe. No, but Just, and we are a tiny little fucking spot in the universe. I know. It's so like, what does meaning mean? It only means something to us because we need meaning. What do, what do you suggest people do though? If they're, they start to get, they don't have a good job. They have to do the robots do everything. We have universal income and you're just like, I went on vacation for three days and I was miserable. Yeah. You have to find something you enjoy like as humans. But again, but mad. Just humans with the robot. Fuck ladies. And you know, free food there, there will be no more babies. The robot fuck ladies will take care of you. The robot fuck ladies will, They're gonna be a real problem. But the, They're gonna be a real problem.


It's gonna be like that. Just look at how many Intels just stay at home now and play video games. Like the, the number of men who never have sex and the number of men who have no girlfriends. It's like higher than it's ever been. Yeah. And then if you like fall in love with your robot girlfriend, if she's gonna be really nice to you. A robot brothel legal Or no? Ooh, that's gross. You can pay. That's what you pay for. You pay for a fresh silicone mold every time or something. Ew. Legal though. Ew. Definitely legal. Ew. It's Like it's legal to fuck your car. I think It might be. It's if it's in the garage. Yeah. Not out in public.


Yeah. You can't fucking your car Public. You seen a guy who like fell in love with his car. That video? That's not real. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. It's the real thing. Are You sure? He and he let him film him and he kept it together while the cameras were on him. For real? Yeah. He ever think maybe they just set that up 'cause it's stupid. Well He, he's, if he's a good an actress, Dan Day Lewis maybe. But this was very believable and he tells his dad and it's car, you know, people fall in like weird shit. It's just like a fetish thing. This guy Is fake. This is so fake. He loves it. This is TLC. I love that. It's a hot Car. This is like those people that eat toilet paper. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. He loves It. Nah, I don't believe it. Okay. Then unless he's got like a real brain injury. That's Good. He get hit by a line drive. And it was sick follow up on this, but I don't remember what it was.


Object lia. Oh boy. Say it's a Disease, Joe. These people have diseases. I think that's a problem. Having too many names for stuff like narcolepsy. You know, I agree with people. Narcolepsy. We get a name for, just figure it Out. The people that were saying like dyslexia. Figure it out. Figure it out. Stop falling asleep. Stop reading backwards. Figure It out. I didn't feel, I didn't feel dumb though. I, I wish I, I, yeah, they had that name. So I have a disease. Yeah. Everybody wants to a DH. Adhd. That's a weird one. People, some people say that's not a real thing. I, if I would grew up earlier, I would've been diagnosed as like on some kind of spectrum. I used to fly a kite to like, I used to fly a kite till I peed my pants because I just like, it's a good move.


Tongue out. Like Nice way to meet the ladies. Oh yeah. Pissing your pants in a fucking, I can't read man. G wood structure Peed my pants. Fly In the air behind you. Yeah. I just loved it. That's a very aspery. I think I just, Well look, if you want things that are extraordinary, you need people that are on the spectrum. Like that's a fact. I know. That's One thing we should thank vaccines for. There's a lot of led, fascinating people. They care. People that come out that spectrum. Little lead paint here, a little fucking pesticide there. Touch it All. Next thing you know you got some inflammation and some really good math. We grew up like we're near the same image, I think where the, I think the worst food, like when we were developing with the seventies, food was just eighties.


Just the biggest. I remember just having like that macaroni cheese, Mac microwaved on this like plastic tray. Oh yeah. It's just all chemicals. Chemicals. And it was my lunch microplastics Peanut butter and fluff. Did you ever eat that? Oh that was like lunch. Yeah. I'm gonna have, I'm gonna have a marshmallow for lunch. Fluffer Nutter sandwich On Wonder Bread. Which is also, yeah, Sugar. We Ate garbage. I used to go play, I played golf, like obsessed me for a while and I would, I would walk 18 holes. I'd have a Snickers and a Sprite. I walk into their 18 hole. I did this day after day as like a, I was like big into routine stuff. That was when I was growing. So I may have been taller. I just had carrot.


You just Hate Snickers and Sprite. By the way, this was like a country club. It's not like we, we weren't like, we didn't grow up like rich. But like my dad, like for like three years were at this country Hope. And the food was free. Like you had to spend like a thousand dollars a month or whatever on food and no one else was going. My dad worked really hard and I was the only one going and I, instead of getting a lobster every day, right. We had Snickers. It was like 13-year-old Kyle. Damn. Yeah. At least you got peanuts. And the Snickers get a little bit Of protein, which isn't even a nut. It's a legum. Legume. By the way. I wish Snickers were good for you. They're fucking delicious. It's a great snack to take when you're hiking. I found one in my car. Fun Me up. I was looking at shit. Took that Lord son witch was a very conversant gambler.


What's a Conversant gambler? It's very like, he gambled a lot. Wouldn't leave the table. Hmm. Story goes, did not take the time to have a meal during his long hours playing at the cards table. Consequently he would ask his servants to bring him slices of meat between two slices of bread. A habit known amongst his gambling friends. Wow. So he just wanted to eat quick. Hence the sandwich. Wow. That one thought of that I guess. Yeah. Just 'cause he is a gambling, so he is a degenerate gambling. I got my, I wanna promote my crypto coin real quick. What Is it? That's my merch. Yeah. Baby coin that. Yeah, It's the Hawk three. Yeah. Baby coin. Yeah. Baby Coin. Skyrocketing man.


You Ever thought about making a coin? It's zero. Ibm. Anybody can do it now. Oh, Joe Rogan coin. That'd be good. Good way to rip people off. Yeah, We thought about doing it, but we're like, what does it do? What can you buy with it that, how does it Work? It's total gambling. It's Kurt Mets could said it best. He's like, it's in just fucking gamblers. They're gambling addiction. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Addicts. It's A total, that's what the crypto coin thing is. It's a bunch of gambling addicts and they're all gambling on these meme coins. Yeah. And they're making money. Some of 'em are making money. And there's shifty deals and pumping dumps. Yeah. And yeah, it's really shady, but it's Kind of legal. It's weird. The whole thing's weird. It is a little bit of like, if you fall for this, well, you shouldn't have money kind of thing too.


Like, all right. Did you really, How's that Trump coin doing? Ooh. Ooh. Not good. Good. Right now why'd, I think Bitcoin is low. Oh, is It because of the economy? Everything else going on? Good. So are you paying attention to all this tariff stuff? You're not, you can't really. No. No. I Am. I actually am very interested in finance. No, I watch videos of finance. I watch on finance videos. Like every night. I'm very, but YouTube it, yeah. Videos really. I've actually learned so much 'cause of YouTube. 'cause I can watch the things and I realized I'm actually interested in a lot of things. Yes. I know a, I know something about this. It Dropped while we're watching it. Ah, shit. $9. It's actually double today. It's dropping while we're watching. It's percent because people are gambling. Jesus. They're buying and selling. So what is it worth now?


$9 and 37 cents. And what was it worth at its height? $80. $80. Wow. 75. $75. Your Trump coin. Oh, what did he make off that? I'm Very curious. How does that work? A billion, $2 billion Market cap. $2 billion. Still At $9. So that's what it's worth. Now does that means All the Trump coins are worth 2 billion bucks? Is that what it means? Collectively? Collectively. So that was worth like 40. Like look at the big spike in the beginning and then a bunch of people like soccer. Yeah, that's, that is a total, that has to be what happened. Right? Like how many people sold? Like What did Trump make Off that the next day? So there's two, how many days is it? Scroll your thing over there. How many days do you have Trying, you have hours S of dollars.


You have hours before a giant drop off. Look at that. About 12 hours. You have 12 hours. And then by Sunday the 19th it drops radically. Yeah, it already Dropped out. But I bet those first 12 hours, like you couldn't even, like most people couldn't trade it. But look At that first 12 hours. That is crypto coins. That's meme coins. Not, not like Bitcoin. Not like Ethereum. But like that is a meme coin that that first thing, that explosion. That's what I expect is garbage. That's what I expect. But I also, I support it. Why not? Yeah, if you can do that. Like look, if you can go fucking play cards. If you could figure out a way to three card money people on the streets of New York. Like, yeah. Okay. I used to play poker All the time. I went through a phase.


I actually won the Borgata tournament. I won a tournament there. No shit. I had $6,000 in my, I had lost my luggage on a flight like weeks before. And I'm like, I'm not gonna lose this cash. 'cause I, you know, didn't have too much money. So I put, I put like 3000 or something in my suitcase. But I'm like, I'm gonna put like 3000 in my pants because I'm not gonna lose this money. And then I missed my flight. So now I slept over the airport with like giant wads. Wads. But you made it. I made it back. Whew. So why'd you stop playing? Was it too much or kicked Crazy? It waste of time. Yeah. Yeah. Like, I actually really studied and I, I, you know, was the winning didn't make a ton of money, but like, I didn't lose, you know, a big amount of money.


I think I'm like, probably after playing 1 million hours, I'm up like $4. You know what I mean? It's like total waste of my life. But Ari was doing it in the early days of his comedy career. He was making money doing that. Yeah. That's how he'd make a living. He'd play in tournaments. Yeah. You can, especially in like Vegas, like with people come into, you know, they're having fun. You can just be very disciplined and just, He would go to those card casinos that were out in California. Like Bellflower. I, I know what you're talking about. Bicycle casino commerce. Yeah. Yeah. They were like, Hey Kyle Kyle's back. Oh yeah, you were there a lot, Huh? But I just, I stopped. I It's a waste of time. Well, for Ari, that was literally how he made a living when he wasn't making a living doing comedy yet.


Yeah. He was that good. And he's like really dis he's very disciplined. You ha Yeah. Organized. Like, he doesn't do anything stupid. Texas hold him is all like, just gotta fold, fold, fold, fold, You know? Yeah. And just, you know, really be really disciplined. People just start fucking around and get drunk And you just, yeah. You have to understand how many cards there are. If you have this, this different guys, you see the cards that are on the table. You have to do calculations. There is the math of it. And just, yeah. Once You know that it's like, and then it becomes second nature, you know, kind of right away. And then Is ESP There's Yeah. Read people's minds knowing their bullshit. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I went out to Vegas once and I was, I, I was depressed. I never get depressed. I'm not going. But I situationally I was like, I'm gonna go just take five grand.


I just drove to Vegas like a lunatic by myself. Whoa. And I just went there by Yourself. Yeah. What time did you leave the house? No idea. I don't Remember. Daytime or nighttime though. That's important. 'cause it takes four hours to get there. Oh. It was like 5:00 PM ish. It was like later. Oh. I was actually about to do a show, a live show on my YouTube channel. And I, I was under so much stress, you know, I was like editing and writing and then it's just like, all me and, and I just was like gonna, you know, all these character. I, I just was like really stressed out and I didn't think the show was good. And I'm like, just didn't do it. And I just went, this was on top of, I was the pandemic. I was so isolated. And then it was too much alone, you know, kind of thing. And for a lot Of people, I think.


Yeah. I think that kind of fucked. It cracked A little bit. It crack. It cracked quite a few people. Yeah. Especially the most vulnerable amongst us. You know, a lot of our comedians that are like very kind of socially awkward already. You isolate them. Especially. Yeah. You're staring at me pretty hard. La No, I'm not, I'm not thinking about you at all. I just kidding. But some of us that just like, kind of never came back from it. You Know? I, I haven't had a, a steady girlfriend since. Wow. I think maybe I got weird or something. Did you, do You feel like I don't, I think I'm very normal, but I must be Probably maybe after the show, the calls will start coming in. No, they Won't. Yeah, baby. Yeah, Baby. You got bros watching After the Netflix thing.


They might put, they, they want to, you put No, I don't think I'm Recognizable. Don't wanna say, I don't wanna say what you did. I don't think I, that was, by the way, we can say this. Like, what I had was ridiculous. Yes. And it was like, I wanted to take it off. Don't say anymore. 'cause we, we don't wanna give anything away. Okay. Because it comes out, well Teaser. It comes out on Monday. What time does this, When does this come Out? This comes out tomorrow. Okay. Yeah. So we can't do that. Ooh, this is good. Action. People listen. Like, oh, I gotta See that they hang in there. Yeah. It, that really is gonna be like nothing. Game changer. That channel Game changer. Yeah. No, it was phenomenal. And the show, the crowd. Oh, it's so real. The show's so real. It's like seeing people kill, seeing people bomb.


Seeing people have great moments. It was, yeah, it was unbelievable. It's the best thing for comedy because it gives comics like a, it's, there's a real career path now. If you could bang out a solid minute on Kill Tony, you get into the ecosystem. It's Also such a high wire act. 'cause it, it, like, in doing a character, if you do sn l it's like sure. Very nerve wracking. But this is like snl. But you have no script. Right. You gotta go like, I gotta try and make things funny. And when you're dressed up like a thing, can't give away. Don't give it away. I won't say, I won't say Yeah. But, but you're like, everything you say they think is gonna be, you gotta Right when you gotta be a joke. But it was really cool 'cause right before we went on, I'm trying to say, I think I can say this.


You can't say shit. No, no, no. But like the Don't, you'll get mad, But I don't, I think this you can say the, the crowd didn't know. No, they didn't know it was gonna be a Netflix. The crowd didn know it was gonna be a Yeah. And it was so exciting when they, they found out. Yeah. It was a go goon. Really? When they found out it was the first ever show on Netflix, they went nuts. Yeah. The eruption in the room was amazing. It was really very, It was pretty badass. So fun. It's, and having that show at this club every week Has been, that Was, it's incredible. It's just, it's so good for comedy. Yeah. You, it, it worked out. Like you, I remember when you were gonna go to Austin and I'm like, this, this Joe Guy doesn't know what he's doing. I was telling people that this Joe Guy doesn't know what the hell he is doing. Thank you. And I was wrong.


Thank you. From voter support. I just, yeah. I didn't think I knew what I was doing. I was like, I would, I'd bet against me. I'd be like, good luck doing that. But it was like all these things had a, it's almost like the universe wanted it to be made because it couldn't have been made with just me. It's just like, if it was just me and some money that you can't make that club. You need all these pieces. It's like you have to hit every green light and you can never bank on it. You have to have a pandemic. It has to get shut down. You have to live in a ridiculous place like LA where they won't let the comedy store open for a fucking year and a half. Yeah. So people are unemployed. I can snatch those people up. I just happen to get a big pile of money from Spotify. Yeah. I moved to this new city. A bunch of other guys start moving to this new city and then all of a sudden we have like 15, 16 top comics living in the city.


Like, okay, this is why it can work. Like a bunch of things. Had Ron White had already been here, he, he kind of lured me here because before the pandemic, he moved here and he was telling me how great it was. I fucking love it. I fucking love Austin. I love it. I was like, really Texas? I don't know. And I was like, I don't know if I could live there. Yeah. But then when the shit hit the fan and we started doing shows in Texas and putting it on Instagram, then all these guys are like, fuck that. I'm moving to Texas. Yeah. And then next thing You know, UR is here. Christina PKIs here. Tim Dylan's here. Just like Shane Gillis moved. It's like it came, Duncan moved here. It just came in this wave. Yeah. Brian Simpson. Brian Simpson was here early, early on way before the club.


We were doing shows at the Vulcan and we were all talking about making a club. But the fucking actually do it is the weirdest thing. Like when you go there, it's like, it's part of this weird illusion that you're living in. Yeah. Some weird fucking bizarre hallucination you're having. It's like a leap. It's like a field of dreams. Yeah. You built it and then they came. Yeah. So we're Trying to, Boston is now like a, a comedy town. It's a Huge comedy town. It's One of the, it's a huge live performance town already. Right. Because there's so much great music here. There's a lot of vomit too. Lot of puke, a lot of homeless people. A lot of great drugs. That's what I hear. I wouldn't know. And yeah, it's When are you Moving here?


You Know, you hate the cold of winter. I I, I do. And, and I think This is a more inviting environment for a GIC Q Anyway. I know I have family back east, but I don't, they can move. I don't think they love me. I finding out. I don't think they love me anyway. So what Happened? They just, they just told me they didn't love me anymore. Outright. Yeah. Wow. Which I respect. Say first didn't here. Huh? Did you say, I don't love you First? No, no. I was like, I love you guys. And then they just kind of shake, shook their heads. So I I time visits Me. Take a hint. Huh? Take a hint. Time to move. I know. I, I, I think it would, my, my career would be better out here. For sure. For sure. You'd be around more like-minded people and you get to understand the journey of Brian Holtzman.


I need to Yeah. Read up on him. You need to watch him. Yeah. Yep. This Is a lot of clubs here too. That's the beautiful thing about this place. You can get up anywhere here in town. There's so many clubs. It's hopping like every night of the week. Yeah. Your club though is better than, and I'm not just saying that 'cause I'm here, Joe, I'm not lying to you. But it's better than the Vulcan. I dunno if you know the Vulcan. It's a great club. Thank you. Tough call. Tough call. They probably get runoff from people who can't Get into your Yeah. A lot of have great shows there. They have great shows there All the time. A lot of the guys from the club do shows over there. They do it All the time. Yeah. It's like that. And then Brian Red Band's room, the Sunset, which is right down the street.


That's only like four or five doors down. And that place is packed All the time. That place is killer. That format on Kill Tony is just perfect. So great. It's Perfect. He's got it dialed in. It's like a finely oiled machine. It's like you or or anybody who does things for you. He's been doing it for years. Yeah. And he knows the rhythm of it. Like imagine like a, like how people come up. Concept of a show. And you would never come up with this con you would never go, this is gonna work right away. This killed Tony format. Well It needed like years and years of development. Yeah. Yeah. This is the thing, like they did that show once a week for a decade. I know.


A decade. They never missed an episode. That's the they did during the Pandemic with No Crowd. Oh really? Yes. Yes. They did kill Tony in the main room with no crowd. They live streamed it. Oh right Bro. The whole like, they never let go. They never, they look like a pit bull on a second of nuts. Just clamp. Yep. And then never let go. And now it's enormous. Like that episode where Adam Ray played, Joe Biden and Shane Gillis played Trump six, I think that has like 5 million. Yeah. No way more. Really? I think it's like 60 million people have watched it on YouTube. That's crazy. How many people Jamie? I think it's like 25. Oh Donegan Nailed It.


I lied. Wow. I Thought it was a lot more than that. Well there's probably other also clips. If you put it together, it's maybe That's what it's, Yeah. Because I was told there was like 60 million people watched it. People just know that it's a high wire. Maybe It's all of them. But if you think about All the clips on top of that, I mean, it's a giant show now. I think a lot of also there, there's a, It's only 25 million. Why did I think it was more? Is there, maybe it's adding multiple ones where those guys were on together. There's some value in having a live show now. Which pops more than other. 'cause you can tell that show is improvised. Yes. There's so many moments that are awkward and don't work. It makes even more Live Is fun. Interesting to watch.


Yeah. It's dangerous. Yeah. It's also super stressful. But Also you with Kill Tony, you're literally getting crazy people and giving 'em a microphone for minute. I know Some of those people are outta their fucking minds. I know half of 'em are homeless. Yeah. Yeah. Half of 'em are sleeping in their car. Yeah, yeah, yeah. A lot of 'em like drove from Seattle. One guy, well I don't wanna tell say the story, but there's a Save It. Like the lyric had story. Just let it simmer. Oh, when, what about that QUT story? Now's the time. It's the Time. Now's the time. Now's the time. Bust it out. Boy, this better be a good story. It doesn't fake Been Be funny. If it's not tease, I, I think you're gonna get your wish. I can't remember. The story is so on. This only thing I've ever like booked where I, where I like sitcom I ever booked where I was like I read, I did callbacks.


I think it was like four callbacks. Okay. And finally like, I got a sitcom And it was like a reoccurring role. It was, and I played this, this guy, this girl's boyfriend. And she like did not find me. I could tell she was like, 'cause we did have a makeout scene that, yeah. So we go to the table read, you know, the table read was like where the network come and you all sit around and they just laugh and everyone's having a great time. So right before our table read, they go, Kyle, we got some new lines for you. Got like eight new lines. They were like all new lines. And I knew how my reading was. We've talked about that. And so I'm panicking a little like, okay, Kyle, just you can do this.


Just read. Just read Good Kyle. I'm thinking in my head, Oh my God. So it's going around the table. It's like, ha ha ha. It's killing gets to me. My line. I'm like, if, if, if I go to the store, then we can get it. Oh, and the death quiet. Then it goes around the table. H me I found. And then afterwards I'm like, oh, I think I'm fired. And it was so much like climbing a mountain to get this job. And then the next day I didn't get a call. They didn, no one said, you're fired. So I come in the next day and I'm about to get to the door and the cast director's like, whoop. And she goes, you're we're not, you can, you can Go home.


You we're, they're gonna DA different direction. I said that. And You can Go home. You can Go home. I got there and I, and she goes, but you're going to Iraq. That'll be cool. She was trying to make small talk. 'cause I was going to Iraq like the next week. Did you Stand up? Yeah. USO tour kind of a hero I guess. No, no one wanted us to see me. It was, yeah. So my, my You can Go home is the most fucked up way to tell someone they're fired. You can Go home. Yeah. Shouldn't see. They're gonna go a different way. Oh, okay. I can Go home. Wow. And then I get to go to Iraq. So that was my prize. You should have Told 'em. You can't read. I should have said I'm dyslexic. You Know, you're so nervous and you wanna be like, I am not a problem.


And I can do it. Yeah. But anyway, she sucked. Damn dude. She sucked. Did it? Yeah. It was no Sanford and Sun. Well it, I didn't even know about it until an hour ago. You you got that Neuro gums that I just Did? No, this is, I stole Alpaca James or someone got me a pack of Neuro Gumm stuff. You like that stuff, huh? Well, I, you know, I wanted a little pick me up and you want some coffee? I went online. No, I'm good now. But like, I was online and I, I wanted to buy this stuff and try it. And I got scammed. It was like Nutri Gum, the same packaging as Neuro Gum. Gotcha. And then I was like, this ain't the stuff. These motherfuckers, These motherfuckers. Do you mess around with nootropics though?


There's a lot of good ones out there. Nootropics. No. Yeah. That's what new, that's what Neuro Gum is. I know what that word means. But why don't you tell the audience? It's, It's these things. This is Neuro Mints. This is the same company. They make mitts. It's just like Caffeines Tropic. No, it's like theanine, caffeine, a bunch of it. It's essentially nutrients that help brain function. So it helps with your memory, it helps with your verbal memory. Like the be able to read, you know, sometimes you searching for word you can't find it. The stuff helps with that. Help you read. Yeah. Not just this. I mean, it probably would prob I think it's just, it, it helps, it's the building blocks for human neurotransmitters as it's been explained to me. Like there's certain nutrients that like, you know, like vitamin D, it helps muscle synthesis, it helps a bunch of things.


Helps your immune function. There's a bunch of nutrients that do different things in your body. Right. Alright. And theanine is a really good one for memory. There's a bunch of alpha choline. Was it Alpha GPC choline? Is that what it is? Acetylcholine. There's a, a quite a few different nutrients that have been identified as to helping brain function. And so the, the way I found out about this stuff, there was Bill Romanowski, the football player. He has a company. I have the, he's got really good stuff. It's called Neuro one. And it's like a scoop. You just mix it in water and blended up or whatever. And it's, and I, I tried, I was on a radio station in San Francisco and they gave it to me.


I was like, this is great. Where can you get this? Like, it really does like, give you a little, pick me up. Just, but not like, like five shots of espresso. You're like, ah. Yeah. It's just like a little edge of focus. Yeah. I could use a little memory booster. I don't sleep well enough. I'm really gonna try to fix that. 'cause Whatcha gonna do to fix it. I'm gonna, you're gonna be really proud of me. You ready? I'm ready. You prepared? I'm gonna be taking ju I have a Jiujitsu class on Monday. My first one. Really? That'll help you sleep? I think so. You'll Probably go to sleep a bunch of times in class May. Yeah. I actually do not have a, the a neck for like a, a choke hold kind of sport. Like I, I have, I'm 30% neck.


Well that's a, that is a large target. But my advice would be just to take it easy, slowly at first. How old are you now? 26. You look great. I look like shit for 26. You look Great. Just go slowly. Yeah. That's my advice. Don't try to go too fast. Especially if you have been working out hard. Have you been working out hard? Not. And then no. Yeah. The answer's no to that. So that means, You know, your joints are not gonna be the most resilient. Don't, don't try to do it all at once. That's my thing. Well that, Don't Worry about that. But that's, by the way, that's with everything. If like, I'm gonna run a marathon tomorrow. Hey, hey, hey. Have you ever run before? No. I don't run at all. Right, right, right. Okay. Let's not run a marathon. Let's, let's run a mile. Let's do one mile.


Which is a lot. If you haven't run a mile is a lot. If you do not run a mile is a lot. Yeah. But you can't just run a marathon. And if you're gonna do jiujitsu, like start slow. Don't try to do a two and a half hour session. I'm gonna roll with five guys today. Like learn an arm bar. Learn how to tap. Okay. This is a triangle. I told them like, give me the most beginner thing. Oh, They have to do it that way. Yeah. Everyone's gonna do it that way. Nobody teaches you like flying triangles. The moment you get into the class, they, they teach you beginner stuff like this. This is the mount. This is side control. This is the guard. Yeah. They teach you like simple basics. Good For confidence too. I hear. Oh yeah, you can fight.


It'll help a lot. It does. But it also, it's great for stress relief because no matter what your day is, it will never be as stressful as some dude mounting you trying to choke you unconscious. This is now. 'cause if You fight that off and then you get you're done with your class, like regular stuff is like whatever man. Yeah. Right, right, right. Some crazy homeless guy. Man, fuck you. He like, fuck you too guy. Yeah. Fuck you up. Take care. You don't wanna, you know, you don't even wanna be in any, you don't have this desire to puff your chest out like a lot of people do. It's like, stop, I now you're proud of me for doing this. Now you're about to be not proud of me. Ready? I'm ready. Okay. This is not it's girls Class. It's all women's jujitsu. Would That Dye my hair? I don't wanna get boners when I'm like, I would not want that.


You're a woman. You don't, you're not gonna get a boner. No. If I'm that You're a woman, Kyle. Aren't, Don't Let let anybody ever tell you different. Thank you so much for Don't let anyone not Misidentify me. Don't Let anyone deny your humanity For I'm a ma'am. Now what am I not gonna get up? What am I gonna Get upset about? I'm also taking a pickleball class. I like pickleball. You know who plays pickleball every Day? Wait, only guess 20 questions. That's the only Time I've heard. Let you guess. Every time I jump in I'm gonna say, Duncan Trussel takes pickleball. He might, but that's not who I was thinking Of. Think of Kid rock plays pickleball every day. I love any kind of like racket ball sport. I like He goes, yeah, every I get up at eight o'clock in the morning, my fucking trainer comes over.


I play pickleball. I'm like, every day. He's like, every day. I love It. I want that kind of money where I just pay to come over and play pickleball. Yeah. He's a trainer. He's got a trainer probably teaching him how? I bet he's a pickleball wizard now. He probably knows how to do the secret moves wizard. How? Slice the ball. I'll, I'll destroy kid. Rocket pickleball. You think so? I'll Destroy that guy. Let's set it up. He's a clown. Whoa. Kid Rock is a clown. I can't believe you're calling him out like this on my show, dude. I'm just saying. I don't think he's got with the President. He brought Bill Mar same shirt to the White House. I have that underwear. He brought Bill Maher to the White House. Yeah, he's, and they had dinner with the president. Are we in like a Mad Libs episode with I hope so. I hope so. I'm scared of this tariff stuff because it's radical change. I'm scared of radical change.


I think. Well, let me tell you what I think. And I don't know anything good. We don't, both of us don't know. Okay, good. This is a perfect time to speculate about the economy. This is all his negotiating. It's gonna come down. It's not, it's not gonna stay like this. The bad thing will be is if All the other countries go fuck you, America. We're not gonna do any, we're not gonna, it's always a possibility then that's a problem. I Think it's always a possibility. Also, you're not nearly as charming if people can't speak your language. Like Trump is used to being able to charm people. Yeah. It's very charming. But if you can't speak his language Might look. Yeah, it might be really Bad. You're like, fuck this orange asshole. It's like, you know what I mean? Like you don't, I don't even know this guy. What is he saying? And someone has to tell you what he said. Like, it's not cute when Boris Jovi has to translate. It doesn't in your ear. It doesn't translate Mr. Putin.


He says these tariffs, this is this bullshit. It's part of the game. He says The most terrific thing. He's part of the card game. We are playing altogether globally. He, It's like woman from like, like Po And she's like, oh, you can tell joke. And you're like, no, you're not gonna find this one. I can't tell you a joke. Tell a joke joke. Lemme tell you first about the history of my country and and suffering. We, yeah. Let me tell you how many people stolen and starve to death. And then you tell me your cute little fucking joke In my wheel age. Yeah. I've had that, that happen to me recently. I was like, I'm not telling you it's just not gonna go well. Yeah, that's a tough one. When people ask me if they don't know who I am, genuinely I, the easiest one to say is I do commentary for the UFC.


Oh, what's the easiest one? That's good. That's one easy one. That's because if I say podcast, well People know you now. I mean, I can that some People don't me. It's nice. Every now and then I get a person who doesn't know who I am. Like some old fella. Oh, an old fellow. What do you do? Yeah, what do you do Sean? I do commentary for the Ultimate Fighting championship. And then they look at you sideways. Like What? That's, that still though could be a conversation. I, here's what I do on like a plane. I go, I work with computers and they're like, Ooh. Ooh. Shuts it down. Finances too. Yeah. But if I wanna have a conversation with someone, if I don't mind having a conversation with 'em. Yeah. I just don't wanna explain the whole thing. I forget you do UFC commentary. That's another great job. That's a job's the only, you have All the great jobs. You have All the great jobs. But that's the only job I have.


That's, that's an actual job where someone pays me. Like I show up, I work for somebody. I'm an employee. Yeah. You know, I have to, I sign up. Is there something you wanna do that you haven't done? Are you, are you looking? No, I'm not looking to do Anything. Do you have a goal to Do something? No, I have zero Goals. Zero goal. What about retiring and traveling the World? I mean, retirement ideas. No Pyramids. You ever see those? I wanna see the pyramids. I do too. But I think what's gonna happen is you go, oh, there they are. And now you're like, I don't think so. 20. I've been Obsessed with the pyramids since I was like a little boy. Can you go In them now at all? Yes. You can go. You can, yeah, you can go ahead them. Okay. And if I went, I'd hopefully be able to get someone to guide me. Like a really good person. I could, I could guide. You know how to do it. Could I Do, could you do it as Caitlyn Jenner though?


Yeah. Baby. This is where the guy died. Yeah. Imagine We Film that. He was buried with his dog, man. Have you Seen this whole controversy? They think that there's like these enormous Structures. What is that? This is, I don't know, but there's a guy named Jimmy Corsetti. He has this great YouTube show called Bright Insight. He's been on my show many times. Very smart guy and very reasonable guy. And also is a huge believer that there's a missing chapter in ancient history. He doesn't believe in it. He, he thinks it, it ignores something that everyone knows. There's this enormous water table that's underneath the pyramids. So the pyramids, there's water underneath the pyramids. And Mr. Beast, apparently on his YouTube thing that he did with the pyramids, went into the water.


So they were all in the water, splashing around the water. So this water table, yeah. So underneath the pyramids there's water that flows And it's been there for like, that seems unstable to me. Yeah. My engineering minds to Talk to you before they built that 5,000 years ago. Was it five 10? It's probably more. It's probably a lot more if I had to guess. I, I think they're wrong. I think the hieroglyphs that are on the wall that depict Pharaohs leading back to 30,000 plus years, it's probably accurate. I really wanna know how they built those. I really, I think that's a, those you see some of those stones are so I don't believe aliens. Right? I don't believe that happened. I think people built that.


But how did they get some of those stones up there?


This episode is brought to you by manscaped. April is National Testicular Cancer Awareness Month. And did you know that every hour one man is diagnosed with testicular cancer? This topic doesn't get enough attention. So I'm glad to be working with Manscape to raise awareness. They've partnered with a testicular cancer society and they're not just talking The talk Manscaped is donating $50,000 and dropped a special edition bundle. The TCS Ball Hero bundle with the lawnmower 5.0 ultra TCS special edition trimmer and special edition TCS Boxers 2.0. The Tremor has a badass purple design in honor of testicular cancer awareness. Plus it's cordless, waterproof, and comes with dual skin safe blade heads. The boxers feature a jewel pouch design. It's a special place to cradle and support the boys with breathable fabric. And it even reminds you to check yourself for testicular cancer. And here's the best part. By ordering Manscaped TCS Ball Hero bundle, you're helping raise awareness for testicular cancer. Don't wait around. These Special edition products are ultra limited in quantity. So grab them while supplies last. Get 20% off your entire order and free shipping when you use the code rogan@manscaped.com. That's code rogan@manscaped.com. And if you wanna learn how to check yourself or donate to Testicular Cancer Society, visit manscaped.com/tcs.


This episode is brought to you by my friends at Black Rifle Coffee. That's all I drink folks. If you see me drinking coffee in the studio, it's Black Rifle Coffee. It's 'cause my friend Evan Fer, who owns the company I love 'em to death and they make the best coffee in the world. They put together the best energy drink in America made with 200 milligrams of naturally sourced caffeine, low calories and absolutely zero sugar. It's available in four new delicious flavors. Project Mango Ranger Berry Freedom Punch and White Frost Veteran founded and veteran led. Each black rifle coffee purchase you make helps them give back to those who serve our nation. Shop now@blackriflecoffee.com slash Joe Rogan with the code Rogan for 30% off. Or visit your local grocery and convenience stores, black Rifle Coffee, America's coffee.


Well, I was watching this guy. Here's the answer. I'll tell you who this guy is 'cause shout out to him. 'cause he had a very interesting take on it. I watch a lot of these like silly YouTube videos that are all on like ancient history and ancient civilizations and stuff like that. But this one was really kind of interest, a algorithms fat people falling down and plane crash. And this guy is, or I'll send it to you Jeremy, his name is Michael Button. And he had a very good point. And his point is that there's this linear path between like cave person And what we are today. But he's saying, but, but human beings in the form that we exist in today have essentially been around for at least 315,000 years.


And there's all these large rise high like peaks and dips in the historical timeline of the temperature of the earth. And in these peaks of temperature, you have all this growth and change. And then you have ice ages and you have drop offs, and then there's cataclysms and natural disasters. And he brings up the volcano eruption, the to of volcano eruption. But what he's essentially saying is, human beings in this form, this with the minds that we have, have existed for 300,000 years, okay, with the capacity. But yet only over the last few thousand years have we seen all this progress.


And he thinks what he he's proposing is if there was a super advanced civilization a hundred thousand years ago, there would be almost nothing left. So we're supposing that what we find is all that's ever been. What he's saying is if you imagine 200,000 years of development, of technology, of tools, of agriculture, All the different things that could have happened in those 200,000 years that you could have had an insanely advanced society 200,000 years ago. And then it gets completely wiped out. And then 115 to 150, depending on who you ask thousand years later, you start seeing what we've seen in the last few hundred years.


Okay. I I'm gonna push back on on that. Of course. Do wouldn't we have, wouldn't they have some metal? They're they're, No, all they would have steel. But he, what's this is what he's talking about. When you have enormous spans of time, all you have left is stone. You have rocks. That's really, Where does the steel go? Just disintegrates. It all goes away. It all just gets absorbed by the earth. Like when, you know, there's very little metal that is gonna like any forge, if you have a knife and you leave that knife under the ground, just the earth will od it. You know, a few thousand years it's gone. Just, Oh, so they probably had combustion engines and Stuff here. Look at steel takes probably 50 to 500 years to decompose depending on the type of an environmental conditions with stainless steel potentially taking over a thousand years.


So just imagine something that's a hundred thousand years old. You got nothing. There's nothing left. And he, so he makes this very interesting argument in this video that I never considered before. It's just the timeline of human beings being human beings. And he is like, what, what was it? Why was, there's this great leap in technology and it is completely possible that there, there was great leaps hundreds of thousands of years ago. But then the question is like, what happened to us? How did we get so far ahead of all these other creatures? How did we get so far ahead? I know, you know, you talked about like, we're like this, this much smarter than a a monkey. I mean, Oh, we have most genes. Most, most of our genes are chimpanzee jeans.


Most of them. What are the things under the pyramids that are pillars? What, what does that mean? I don't know of what they're seeing. See, it says some, some sort of satellite ground penetrating. Is it a radar, a type of radar? Jamie, what are they calling it? Oh, my Jamie, What are they called? So they, they have these images, these, the problem is also these guys are Italian. So they're saying it, they're Italian. In Italian. And so I don't know exactly what they're saying. I'm just reading the translation. I wanna hear their voice. I want to hear if they sound wacky. Everybody's talking in Italian and it sounds beautiful, but You could say nonsense shit with an Italian accent. It sounds incredible. Yeah, because I don't speak Italian. Oh yeah. You know, beautiful language. Beautiful language. So these images that show these feet, look if it's real and that stuff is under the water table.


That's actually even fucking crazy. Where explain the collected acoustics from deep in the ground, including seismic waves, noise from human activity and photon interactions to map newly found shafts and chambers that extend more than 2000 feet below the surface. Beyondi said these waves were collected by radar, specifically by analyzing doppler centro abnormal abnormalities, shifts or distortions in frequency patterns used to detect underground structures or changes. However, professor Lawrence Conyers a radar expert at University of Denver, who specializes in archeology and was not involved in the study, still raised doubts. He said photon interactions. This is science fiction and frequency sh shifts of what he said.


We now have three different energy sources moving around. Radar, electromagnetic, sound seismic and light photons. This is all gobbly cook. Sounds like he didn't get invited to the party. Hmm. I heard that guy's a furry, I made that up. I'm sorry sir. But show me the images of what they, they believe that they've found. 'cause this is, it's if it is a real thing, if you really do have these, I mean the 3D images, like they really stepped outta a line and drawing. It's so, I mean, so clearly. Yeah. Like that's not what you see. You're, you're honey dicking me. But they gotta dig. But if it is under the water table, that's even crazier. So if they're using the water, if the pyramid, there's a guy named Christopher Dunn that believes that the pyramid is a gigantic electrical power plant.


Oh Yeah. Like a Tesla coil kind of thing. Yeah. And then the needles. So if they're using the water for energy and they actually have these columns that extend into the water, that's even crazier. That's an even more advanced civilization than just building these columns. Well we gotta dig why don't we dig? Start digging there. I mean, and go over and you, you get down there How many shovels you think we need. Should we be safe and buy Four? Yeah, A couple extras. Definitely have four for sure. Couple extras. Jamie's back goes out if he digs all day though. Jamie's what? That's what he told Me. That that golf swing's gonna hurt his back. I'm a little worried about that. That's a serious golf swing. You little jealous, right? You're a little jealous. It was like, I heard a nice Pop. You were a little jealous. Felt it from you.


A little jealous. Definitely jealous of his equipment. You heard that whack and you were like, Ooh, that's going far. What's your handicap, James? I think people wanna know. Oof. Oof. Yeah. I mean, what was yours when you were playing All the time? Oh, That's a, he diverted. I won the, Turned the question around on you. I know. I don't want to be judged guy. That's really good. I was, first of all, this is not, I know it seems like I've bragged a lot on this show, but this is a fact. I was the Ashback Valley Country Club Junior golf champion. Ooh, So you're probably three or four when you were there. Maybe better even. No, there was not a, not, I think there's like five kids in the contest. But Would, I mean now I, oh shoot, like a 95. I I was probably like 80 when I was a kid.


So that's like eight ish. Seven or 8 85 Maybe. 10. 10 handicap. Is that good, Jamie? Yeah. That's Really good. What's Yours? I I would probably, It's 2020. Jamie's got a line drive That'll fuck you up though. No, I know. I, I heard a, the whack in that room. What's the furthest you've ever driven the ball, Jamie? I said that wind conditions come into play there, Joe. Right? No, no, no, no. I go for Ball. I'm going for ball speed right now, I think. And I've gotten over one 60 before. Damn. But that's only like one part of the equation. Dam Is, is that world class? Oh Yeah. It's pretty high. That's fast as fuck. 60 miles an hour. That's crazy. Golf Ball. Other stats. Golf. Like most people who play golf don't break a hundred.


So like you're already in the top five, 10% or something that you get Under hundred. Wow. But that's what you're obsessed with, right? Sure. I was just trying to beat my friends. Really? Hey Scott, you play for money, golf, fun For Yeah, but I mean, if I go with most of the people here, they're only playing for money, so. Oh, So fun. Yeah, it's A lot. I can't get addicted To that. You never, you just didn't like golf? No, I never played it. Never played it. You never played it? No. What you What do You mean? I never played it. How Could you not even Play it? Because I'm scared of games. I, I get addicted to games. I don't have any time. I have my life. You're scared. You're game. This is a Big for thing. Admitting now Scared games. No, legitimately About chess. You play chess. I love chess. That's the same thing. I, You're with me. Are you that good? 'cause you're on the spectrum.


I Probably really good at it lately. I've been playing a lot online. I play, but it's like, I wanna play. Come To the mothership. Tony plays All the time. He does. Yeah. Tony and Brian Simpson. They play All the time. Tony's pretty good. Oh. Oh, I'd love to play. Tony's a smart fucker. Yeah, he's a smart Fucker. He is good. He's good at chess. He's probably a little spectrum himself. Yeah. We're all spec to me bit. A little bit. Yeah. To be that quick with. But I feel about chess the same way I feel chess. Maybe even more so. 'cause I could play on my computer anytime I want. I can't do that. I can't have that in my life. Why not? I mean, listen, golf is a such a great Listen. I know. I would love it. Everyone. Ron White loves it. Jamie loves it. Tony loves it. They love it.


Tony just started playing when he moved to Austin. He fucking loves golf. Golf. I fucking love golf. I don't play much at all. But you're just afraid that you're gonna get too into it. Yeah, that's what it sounds like. Oh, a hundred percent. Yeah. No, I have like a little switch that goes off and then I become obsessed with things. That's, that's how get stuff done. It used to be, it was, well, it's, most of it is a game right now that I have it with. It's pool. I played pool pretty Well. I played, you don't remember this, but I played pool with you at your old studio and I don't think I hit any balls. Like I think you just went and you played pool. Yeah, I just ran out. I just stick there and you're just like, we're done. You know, like game's over. And I was like, oh, that was fun. That's the fucked up thing about pool. If, if a guy breaks first, he could just break and run out 10, 10 racks in a row.


It, It's pretty of you. I was a guest. I'm rude with that. With Pool. I won't let anybody win. You Like two ball balls left. I had all my balls in there. You could have been like here. You know, just miss a little bit. Let me go. You Don't want that in Your life. No, I do. That's all you want. When I was younger, I didn't cheating. You should Have a boxing match like that old guy had. I've hit my head too so many times. Hire some kid to fucking take a beating. That guy didn't have any fear that he was gonna get punched back. Did You know That was way, it was like poorly rigged. There's Some good fake fights online. There's this one guy who was a politician in Mexico and he got like fake muscles. So he had like that, those fake muscles. And then he had a fake fight with the fake muscles.


Yeah. And it's like a super obvious fake fight. Yeah. You watch it. Like, what the fuck am I looking at? This is nuts. I think that giant bicep Looks so, so bad. Weird. Like bulging, like their oil. They they shove oil into their skin. It's disgusting. And it makes your like, how does that, how bad does that feel? And they forget to do their legs. They just look So weird. You gotta balance that out. Well, people get their legs oiled Up too. I'm gonna get oiled up and I'm gonna get huge. I'm going to do juujitsu. The whole, my life from here on in my life is gonna change. This Is a good place to do that then. Then you need to move here. A lot of juujitsu Here too. I'm gonna be out here a lot. I think. I really do think I will be out here a lot. Fuck dude. We can use you. I'm out here. I'm out here. I'm out here like four times in the past three months. I know.


That's what I'm saying. Just get a fucking place. No one loves me. Brooklyn in New York. Fuck. I know. No one loves me. That's We love you Here. I mean, I, come on bro. I do feel more welcomed here. So yeah, there's golf. Golf can get me out here if Tony plays golf. Oh, they all play golf. Everybody plays golf out here. All right, You're in. I have to go to the bathroom so bad. Let's Wrap this bitch up. Let's wrap this. I can't concentrate. I can see it In your Face. I have to peace so bad. I know. It's the worst. You can't form sentences. Okay, we'll wrap it up. Tell everybody how they can find. You Can get my crypto coin. No, kyle do com. I'm on tour. Boston. Vermont. Philly.


Vegas. I'm done. And Instagram. There it is. Live dates. How Not one That's with that. Join that pic. That's your Oh, That's my er. That's Elon's. Not a flame thrower. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And your Instagram is Kyle. Instagram is Kyle Dunnigan one. And you may or may not be the star of Monday night's kill Tony. May or may not. We don't know. Ladies and Gentlemen, Kyle Dunnigan. Thank you. Thank you, brother. Thank you. Bye.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Tax season is always stressful. You have to worry about filing on time, making sure you have All the right documents and getting All the deductions you possibly can. It's overwhelming. And by now, I know we're all sick of looking at numbers, but here's an important one that you should hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much money in refunds the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Here's another 20%. That's the overall increase in identity theft related tax fraud in 2024 alone. So luckily it isn't all bad news. Here's the good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialists will fix it. That's backed by another good number. The million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face identity theft and financial losses alone. There's strength in numbers with LifeLock identity theft protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use the promo code JRE or go to lifelock.com/jre for 40%. Off terms apply.