
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night all day. Alright Bro, what's up Ben? Hey, thanks so much for having My pleasure. Very nice to meet you, man. So why don't you, instead of me, why don't you explain to people what you do? So, I'm the CEO and co-founder of a company called Colossal Biosciences. We're the world's first de-extinction and species preservation company. Yeah. And that is a wild thing. I mean, this is essentially literally wild. This is essentially real life Jurassic Park. Yeah. We get the Jurassic Park occasionally, like, believe it or not, we get that.


Of course. I Mean, I gotta drop my hydrogen tablet in here. So, oh, You do those, the Gary Brecker ones, right? Yeah. I'm all Those are great. I'm, Yeah. So, yeah, I love those. I Just didn't want you to think it was, we're going a different direction now. How did you get started even thinking about doing something like this? So I kind of fell into it. I didn't plan, I didn't wake up and say I saw Jurassic Park. I'm super stoked. I love animals. I wanna go work on this. I'm just a weirdly curious person. So there's this guy named George Church. If you don't know George, you should look him up. He's the father of synthetic biology at Harvard University. He's six seven with narcolepsy. He's just the best, right? So if you ever had him on, he may fall asleep during the podcast, but he's just, he's the absolute best. He's a genius. And I thought, my background's in software and just building teams of people that are smarter than me.


Right? And so I, I was interested in synthetic biology, this idea that we could engineer life and that we could use AI and compute to make it even better. Like how do we do directed evolution and how and how that could apply to like crops and animals and all kinds of stuff. So I get on the phone with George and I ask him my questions. He answers 'em in like six seconds 'cause he is a genius. And then I start asking about all the other weird stuff that's coming out of his lab. In that process, he's like, you know, I've also been working on mammoths and other things. I was like, wait, wait, what? And I was like, if you had one project, what is it? This mammoth project. And then he went down this whole path about how he'd bring back mammoths, reintroduce him to the Arctic, help the ecosystem, use those technologies for conservation, use those technologies for human healthcare.


And I kind of thought it was a fucking joke. I literally thought that like, the smartest man I've ever met and been on the phone with was a joke. Well then I stayed up all night just googling George and there was this weird mammoth through line, whether he was in 60 Minutes or you know, Stephen Colbert, whatever he is in, there was this weird mamma through line where he was just obsessed with these mammoths and everyone kind of wanted him to do this. So I called him back the next day, seven days later, I'm in his lab and we were off to the races on, okay, we're gonna try to go build a company to bring back sink species. So how do you decide what to start with? So we started with the Mammoth first, right? 'cause George, you know, had been working on it for eight years. We needed his core technologies. We thought that there was a huge application to elephant conservation.


There was some ecological modeling that had been done to shows that ma the reintroduction of mammoths back into the wild could actually have a net benefit to the ecosystem. And so that was an easy place to start. After we launched the company, it went crazy viral. And all these other folks from De-Extinction research started calling us like folks from like the Thine or Tasmanian Tiger, which looks like a mythical creature. It's awesome. Yeah. The best Shapiro with the Dodo. Everyone just started calling us and then we just started expanding, you know, our, our entire set. So how does one do this? So like, let's, before we get to what you showed me earlier, which is fucking amazing, before that, how does one do this? Like, from what I understand, you have to take the gene of an Indian elephant, which is the closest thing to a mammoth.


Yeah. Let me walk through the whole process please. Yeah. So first you have to find ancient DNA, which is pretty shitty on a good day. So the minute we take DNA out of our bodies or out of anything, it starts to degrade at an insanely rapid rate. So we definitely need to find a lot of samples. So we actually have about 109 mammoth samples ranging from 3000 years old to 1.2 million years old, which is awesome. Wow. But it's also fragmented. It's like, it's like a shitty jigsaw puzzle that you don't know what the box is and someone stolen part of the puzzle. And then, oh, by the way, people have taken other puzzle pieces and put 'em in there. So there's all kinds problems with that. So this is really an AI and compute problem. It's not as much a human problem. So you have to get a lot of samples first, and then you have to start mapping them to their closest living relative.


And genotyping allows us to understand that that's Asian elephants, right? So Asian elephants are 99.6% the same as mammoth. They're actually closer related to mammoths than they are to African elephants. Really? Yeah. Which always blows people's mind. That and the fact that mammoths were alive when we were building the pyramids or aliens or whoever was building the pyramids. Like, like literally like humans were building the pyramids while mammoths existed. And sometimes that blows people's mind. 'cause they always think of them as in this like weird, like prehistoric, like 65 million years old dinosaur Time. When, when did they go extinct? So the last one went extinct about 4,000 years ago. Really? On Wrangle Island? Yeah. Wow. So they've been a while. They were around for a long time 4,000 Years ago.


I know They weren't, I mean now they appeared about two and a half million years ago, as far as we understand in the, they were mostly ply cysteine species. But as we moved into the Holocene and kind of the period that we're in right now, they existed, they existed all the way up until they had this like small genetic bottleneck on Wrangle Island. Wow. And where's Wrangle Island? It's northeast of Siberia. Whoa. And they just, was it a small island? They just ran outta resources there? Like what happened? Well, there's a couple different theories, right? One of the theories with Wrangle Island is that they actually, there's lots of inbreeding. So there's lots of like genetic bottleneck which happened. 'cause there's not a different species there.


How large is Wrangle Island? I'm not quite sure. Can you gimme a photo again, Jamie? Good. I'll pull up on map one. Okay. And so essentially though Wrangle Island and then there's another island called St. Paul Island, which is also between Alaska and, and the United and Russia also is where they were. Those were kind of the last two places that, that we know Mammos existed today. And they died out 4,000 years ago. And now, now some actually small, there is actually a a another working hypothesis that Oh yeah. They actually ran outta water. They ran out of access to fresh water on the island. Oh Wow. So some combination of genetic bottleneck and that occurred. Wow. 4,000 years is so recent. I know. It's, it's crazy recent.


Right. Jamie, can you please pull up a photo of an Asian elephant versus a African elephant? And They're actually mammoths because there's a, you know, mammoths themselves. Yeah. Mammoths themselves are closer related to the Asian elephant. They have that which is on the left. Yeah. Which is on the left. So they have that dome cranium, they have the small ears, they have a little bit of a hump structure, you know, mammoths because they had these massive, massive tusk. Right. And you know, you've talked to lots of folks in, in kind of the mammoth world, they actually, you know, moved their heads quite slowly. They had to, you know, they had to have this entire ridge of extra muscle in order to do that.


But one of the things that's awesome also about the Asian elephants is some Asian elephants. Some of the ones that are born actually have, they look, they're not mammoth like, but they have a lot of fur on 'em and then they kinda lose it over time. Wow. So are those the ones that you would find like in Thailand? Yes. And Thailand. And then parts of different parts of India and the Indian sub subc, I actually rode one of those once with my family. Oh, did you go? I don't Recommend it. Did you go to one of those places that you like take care of 'em and Yeah. You, you have to like get a relationship with them? Yeah. So you feed them sugar cane and you wash them and you, you know, you play nice with 'em for like a while. Yeah. Like a couple hours. It was like, at least an hour. You're just hanging out with 'em, petting 'em.


And, and then once they decide you're cool, Then they'll let You hang. They'll let you ride them. Yeah. But my whole family rode 'em and I was like totally opposed to it. I was like, I'm doing it just 'cause you guys wanna do it. I would just wanna feed 'em. Yeah. I just wanna Hang out, hang out with 'em. Yeah. They just felt weird. My daughter fell off, I think twice. One of my youngest daughter fell off once at least. And I was like, do we know that this elephant wants us riding? Yeah. Like, You know what I mean? It's kind of a weird thing. It's a weird thing, right? Yeah. And then afterwards you get in the water and you wash 'em. Yeah. And, and everything. And I just kind of hung out with them and I'd Be cool. They're Sweet. I don't think I would wanna ride one. I would just, I like being, you know, around them, feeding Them.


I think there's a video on my Instagram of it. Yeah, there is, there definitely is. 'cause she was eating a log. I was like, oh, why are you eating a log? Yeah. It's just weird. They're, they're so enormous, but they're really like peaceful and Chill. Incredibly smart. And they're, they have incredible packed dynamics, right? Yeah. So they live in a herd. They've even had all these different examples where they also adopt other animals. I dunno if you've seen any of these videos, but, oh Yeah. So here it is. So this is a few years ago in Thailand. And this is an Asian elephant just chilling with this elephant.


This episode is brought to you by Squarespace. Have you ever been shopping online? And the website just gave you the ick, let me tell you, that wouldn't happen if they used Squarespace. Squarespace Design Intelligence empowers anyone to build beautiful, more personalized websites tailored to your unique needs. And with Squarespace payments, it's super easy to manage payments with just a few clicks. Plus, with Squarespace's integrated and optimized SEO tools, there's all the help you need to get people to your site. Head to Squarespace dot com slash Emma for a free trial and use code Emma to save 10% on your first purchase.


This episode is brought to you by warfare from a 24 written and directed by Iraq War veteran Ray Mendoza and Civil Wars Alex Garland warfare embeds audiences with a US Navy platoon, but when their operation goes wrong, the only way out is together. A visceral boots on the ground. True story told by the soldiers who lived it. Warfare Stars Will Poulter Kit Connor with Joseph Quinn and Charles Melton. Experience it in IMAX and theaters everywhere on April 11. Get tickets now at tickets warfare movie.


Yeah. 2018. Okay. There it is. It was really cool. No, it's awesome. It's just, it's cool. It's just cool to be around them. They're just a fascinating animal. Yeah. Just the, the biodiversity of earth effect that that thing exists. This enormous Yeah. They're this enormous thing with this like robotic potential arm. Yeah. It's crazy. As long as you're cool to them, they're cool to you. Yeah. They sense it, right? Yeah. And I mean, we see that nature with a lot of animals, right? If you sense it and they, they don't feel like they're, you know, being backed into a corner or fearful Right. Then they're not gonna be around that. So. Right. Some of our animals, I've been around and they're starting to get quite large, which I'm sure we'll talk about at some point. Yes. That yeah. At some point though, you're still kinda like, they are a wild animal, so you have to maintain some level of healthy distance.


Yeah. So, well, let's just get right to it. So wait, wait. No, we didn't. Do you wanna finish the process of Yeah, yeah, Please. So, okay. So we have the ancient, a ancient genome, so you have to collect and assemble. Right. And that's, a lot of people just think of us in the lab, like just a bunch of people in the lab. But that's like some Indiana Jones shit. Like, we're literally going into the permafrost and like collecting dead samples from the permafrost. Which, you know, you've had, you know, John Reeves on here. It's disgusting. Yeah. It's, it smells like death. It literally, I mean, I guess it is death. It's just over time piled up death. And Have you visited John? Yeah. Yeah. I, I visited John. Do you Went to the boneyard? Yeah, I went to the Boneyard. What's it like there? It's, it's crazy. It's exactly what you'd expect. I, I didn't know John.


So I'm on the board of trustees of the Explorers Club. So we take these expeditions, we did an expedition to Alaska to do mammoth retrieval. And then we're also doing some cultural studies with some of the indigenous people groups around mammoths. Like, do you want Mammoth back? Is this a good idea? Right. Because we try to be pretty inclusive and they're like, oh, we gotta meet the biggest landowner in Alaska, John. And I was like, okay, great. I'm excited. So go meet him. We pull up, he's in a different car and he is like, and I think he wanted us to follow him. He is like, get in. I was like, okay. And he's a big dude. He's enormous. Yeah. I'm not that big of a dude. Right? No. Especially after John's a giant, especially, especially after Gary Breck has been working on me. I'm a smaller dude, right. And so like, I literally get in, I get in the car, there's this, there's a bunch of stickers and there's one that has butterflies on it that says Give zero fucks.


And I was like, and then there's, and he's like, just move the gun over. So I move the gun over and he goes, listen, and this is the first words out of his mouth to me. If I stop short, you hand me that gun. And I was like, I didn't even ask a follow up question. 'cause like, what do you do when you get in the car when John and he says, you hand me that gun if I stop quick. And I say, hand me that gun. You hand me that gun. I was like, that's awesome. And he showed me around the, What kind of gun was it? It was just some type of rifle. So, so It was just grizzlies, I assume it was for grizzlies. Yeah. Or bears or, you know, something large. Yeah. But then he showed me around the bone yard and showed me his collection and he was completely, I mean, he didn't know us from anybody, he just opened up everything to us. Right. And he's like, let me show you all this. Showed us his goal.


He actually has a, a warehouse. I know if he ever discloses where it is, but he has a warehouse where he has some of the greatest specimens ever. Yeah. So it's cool. You should go. It's cools. I do Want to, go's is an amazing Guy. Guy. Yeah. He's, and he is a cool, and he is a cool guy. And then, you know, being in the mammoth researcher business, we're like, oh, we'd love to, we'd love to, you know, take, use some of your samples. Can we take 'em? And he is like, no. And he was very honest and he told this and that's like before your podcast with him. We kinda learned that story. Right. And so that's what sucks is how like some people can ruin it for everybody. Yeah. You know, 'cause he's, you know, he outside of Fairbanks, it's not the easiest place to build a, you know, biocon containment level three lab. Right. But he's like, but he is open. He is like, you build a lab here, you can use whatever you want.


But he's like, the bones stay here. So he's very consistent with his messaging. Well, you know, the whole deal with the Museum of Natural History, right? Yeah. And I totally believe it. I totally believe, well, It's a fact now they've found these bones in the East River. Yeah, exactly. Where they told him to drop it off. They have step bison fragments And Yeah. I've seen it. Wooly mammoth fragments. So they know that they're there. Yeah. And well, I mean, you, you've built a relationship with John. He's just a normal no bullshit kind of guy. Yeah. He's like, you stole this stuff, give it back. Yeah. Or he's also like, Hey, if you wanna come work on it, come on. Like, he's very collaborative. It's also, it's like, what, what do you guys have? Like why are you keeping that shit in a basement? Yeah. Like what is That?


I mean, when we do work, you know, outside of the expeditions of collecting ancient DDNA, when we do work, we also work with museums. Right. And so we go to like the catacombs of the museums. And it's exactly what you think of as like the Vatican archives, right? You go down to like sub-basement, four of the Smithsonian, and it's just rows and rows and rows of taxidermy animals that you've never seen. It's got like, like little drawers and boxes. And they're like, oh, this is giant sloth poop. And I was like, I didn't know there was giant sloth poop. They're like, yes. And we think there's DNA And it. I was like, well this is like, you know, the card catalog of like all sp of all like dead species. Yeah. But it's not on display for the public. It's just in a basement. And is it extensively archived?


They know where everything is? Or is there some stuff down there? I mean, they don't know what it Is. I mean, I wouldn't say that they are the, at least any museum, they have a, they, I think they have a lot more than they know. I don't see it in like, massive computer systems. 'cause we asked for inventory list And you know, like what's the shop, what's also, what's the shopping list? It's been over a hundred years they've been doing this. Yeah. So people have come and gone. Oh, They'll pull out. Yeah. And they'll pull out drawers that have like Darwin's name on it and stuff like that. Whoa. I mean, that's how we did the thine. We actually found in a cup about this size, we actually found what's called, we call the Miracle Pup, where they shot the mother. They took the three Joeys, the, the babies killed the three pups, and they put one of them in formaldehyde and we got a 98% complete genome from the first sample of that pup.


Wow. But they didn't even know they had it. They also on the thine, which I'm sure we'll talk more about more later, they also found a head in a bucket. They didn't even know it was the mom's head. So we actually knew we could actually look at the genetic relation between the two. And they actually found, they didn't know they had the head in the bucket. They just had a head in a bucket. They opened it up as marked thine. They opened it up and there was a full thine skull in there. There's pictures of it online and everything. And we use that to get to a 99.9% complete genome, because we also had the ancestry of the two of the pup and mother. Wow. Yeah. So there's, there's probably treasure troves in some of these museums that aren't being, you know, fully utilized. So if you have 98% or you have 99%, what, what's the process of Oh yeah.


Going from that. So, so here there's, Yeah, there's the head, there's the head in the bucket. So Andrew Pask, who leads our in partnership with the University of Melbourne leads our thine work. And yeah, that's the head and bucket. I mean, there's soft tissue, there's teeth, there's petras bones, which we'll talk about Some once. Do you buy into any of these sightings? No, I did. So Andrew PAs for years, he's been working on it for 15 years. He's amazing. He's awesome. He's been working on, on like a shoestring budget. And that's part of the problem with De-Extinction is nobody what he's put real capital into it until now. And he's been working on for 15 years and he's had people send him, you know, poop clippings from, you know, hair and all this stuff over the years.


So he just send it to him. And then he loves the thine so much, he just sequences it. And he is like, no, it's a dog. You sent me more dog shit. Thanks. I mean, and so it's, it's demoralizing. But like when I got into thine, you know, we met Andrew, we did a partnership with them. We actually made the largest investment in marsupial research more than the Australian government. We made the largest investment in, in research for marsupial development of anyone. So we do this and then you, you get into the myth of it, right? So you start reading it, right? You start reading, I start reading all the books on the thi scene. I wanna be a, I get obsessive about projects. And so I'm pretty obsessive about extinction right now. And so got super deep in it and then I started calling PAs. I was like, Hey, I've been watching these YouTube videos and I kind of think they're still there.


And PA's like, no, no, stop it. Don't go down that rabbit hole. I, so, I, I don't believe Well, why did he say that? Well, because he's been testing for the last 15 years all over Tasmania. Right? So not just Southern Australia, but all over Tasmania. So samples, poop Samples, stuff like that. Everything using camera traps and nobody's, I I think that they officially say that the Thala scene went extinct in 1936, but probably into the late forties and early fifties. They still existed, but I mean, I think it, yeah, I think it's very unlikely that one still exists. It'd make our lives a lot easier for Forest really believes in it. He Does. He thinks they're in Papua New Guinea. Mm. And because of sightings. Yeah. He said he thinks in the western part of Papua New Guinea in the mountains, that And also incredibly remote.


Yeah. Yeah. Very difficult. And, and, and the separation of that topography separates the Papua New Guinea singing dogs, which could be competitive for them for a predator prey from where the thala and sightings were. What's A singing dog? It's, it's just another large canid that has a unique howl. Oh Wow. Yeah. So what does it sound? It still exists. Well, I, I mean, I am sure Jamie can find the a video. I want to hear that. I've never heard of this. Yeah. Singing dog. Yeah. Wow. Papua New Guinea singing dogs, by The way, folks, this is, we're teasing you because we, there's a, this is not just theoretical. Yeah. So We'll, and this is what's gonna get crazy. Yeah. It's gonna get Weird. This podcast gonna gonna blow your fucking mind. Go ahead Jimmy.


Opera singers, That's what they sound. These rear animals Have a knack for holding a tune even to an exact key Opera singers love these. Aw, they're so cute. Yeah. They're so cute. Pe do people keep them as pets? That looks like a dog. Dog. Yeah. That looks like a dog. Dog That looks like a dog. That would be a Park. They're wild, they're wild dogs in, in Papua New Guinea, but I'm sure people have domesticated them. Wow. Pretty fucking cool dogs. Yeah. And hanging out with a fox. So once you have enough of that DNA right. From all these different samples and you can assemble it, you then have to build comparative genomic models to its closest living relatives in the case of the mammoth, the, the, the Asian elephant. But I, I'm from software, so I just assume there's like the, you know, Google cloud of DNA, like we, we backed up like we've all done 23 and me before it went bankrupt.


Right? So Right. We should assume that, I assume that the government or someone backed up and had kind of like the 23 and me of all species. Right. That doesn't exist. Wow. Which is insane. Insane. So there's like, there's no back, there's no like Noah's Ark Biova for life, like, kinda like the seed vaults that doesn't exist. And so we are actually petitioning the US government to help put a massive project together to help biobank it. It's starting with just American mega megafauna and keystone species. So that doesn't exist at all. And so, so then you, so then Colossal had to go out and go build the reference genomes for all the species, like the closest living relatives for all the species that we're working On. So this is the question, if you have say, let's go to wooly mammoth. So if you have William Mammoth and you have 99%, how do you bridge that gap?


How do you, how do you create, That's synthetic biology. So you never have to get to a hundred percent, right? You need to get to probably Synthetic biology. Synthetic biology. That's where you are using all of these different genetic tools. Probably heard of crispr, all these other things. Genetic, you know, which is it, it knock out, it breaks the DNA. It's not the always the best tool. We can now actually make individual edits to, when you think of the DNA double, you know, helix, right? In those rungs of the ladder, those individuals are called nucleotides. We can change the letters. Like that's how precise we can be. We can say at spot, you know, 4,000,008, I need to change that letter. And so you change that letter and in other times you actually synthesize big blocks of DNA.


So when you notice that in the mammoth and in in, in the Asian elephant, there's a difference. And if it's in these certain, like co protein coating regions in all these different regions of the genome that drive phenotypes or physical like attributes like, you know, curved tus, dome cranium, small ears, the subcutaneous fat layer and, and then hair and, and coat color, you can actually then engineer that into the Asian elephant, right? Because you're only looking, you, you're only really looking at that 0.4% difference. Right? It's still a lot of numbers, but you're only looking at that. And so the better You can be at software and the better You can using AI and the and computer models, the less edits you have to make. Right? 'cause you're really just trying to target those core phenotypes. Right. Are are there specific genes that regulate size?


'cause they're, they're larger than It's, it's a, it's a con. So mammoths were about the same size. They're a little bit bigger than Asian elephants. A little bit smaller than African elephants. Oh. So there were 11, you know, everyone argues over the definition of speciation. 'cause it's a stupid concept that humans made, not nature made. And so there were 11 different types of mammoths out there that evolved in different, in different ways. And some of them were larger, but the wooly mammoth, the one that we were pursuing that has that woolly phenotype, it was about the size of a Asian elephant. And, But there, to your question on size, it's actually a cluster of genes. We're finding more and more about how different genes also map across all species as well.


And so there's specific characteristics that these animals have. One of 'em being the big furry coats that you guys, what did you do with mice? We, we made woolly mice. See if you can find that The, the, and the only, the only like unintended consequences was they were cute as fuck. Like people lost their minds, right? Like we are, there's, there's, I was, I was on the phone recently with it, you know, moderately aggressive journalist and, And it was going quite poorly as some calls go Moderately aggressive. They were being aggressive. In what way? Why are You doing this? Some people Yeah. They, they, everyone likes At it. Look how cute. So my daughter actually found this online and wants one.


Yeah. So we get that a lot from kids. She Wants Willy Miles. So every week, every week I don't have my laptop. I should have brought it In here. Look how cute. But every week, oh my god, they're adorable. So This, so these woolly mice aren't just adorable. We basically said, look, what are the core genes that drive the hair phenotype or physical attribute of a, of a mammoth from an Asian elephant to a mammoth? And then, because we wanna do this in the most ethical way as possible, there's about 200 million years of genetic divergence between mice and elephants. We didn't just wanna ram mammoth DNA in there and see what happens. So we looked for the mouse equivalent, right? So we look for, like all of us have similar genes, and so we can try to look for those genes and then edit those genes with the data we got from the mammoth so that we're then not just putting random genes in there that could either hurt the animal or kill them.


Right. Or they may not even be compatible with life. Right. So we try to be really, really thoughtful about, and the, the, the woolly mice went like, it, it went insane. There's people that are like making t-shirt. There's a meme coin. And so we, we, we made 36 mice. They're all, they're all healthy. There's 36 mice that we made. Wow. And what was crazy about it is we are excited about it because it shows that the end-to-end process of taking data from an ancient gene, DNA, comparing it to a living animal, making those changes, doing it with a hundred percent efficiency. And that's really important and really hard. So we did it with a hundred percent efficiency. Yeah. That, that's the, the difference. Well, so the One of 'em, if it was in a trap, he'd be so sad.


Yeah, Exactly. Like the little guy on the left, if he was in a trap, it'd be like, oh, what could we killed? Isn't that funny? Just a little bit of fur. Yeah. Makes you love them. And that's the color that we think most mammoths were Really, they were like a Blonde, they were like, they were like a golden brown color. Right. 'cause when we pull 'em out the permafrost, they've been sitting in mud for quite some time. Oh. But if you see very fresh mammoths, like from Siber and whatnot, like in Yakus and other places in Northern Siberia, that they actually have pretty, pretty well preserved mammoths. They actually have kind of a, a dirty blonde meats, gold meats, brown fur. Wow. Interesting. And So what we, interesting. So we did that. And now there's people that are making t-shirts that aren't us and pillows, they're like, legalized Willie mice.


I'm like, they're not illegal. And then they, they're a meme account for the guy that did the, like the CRISPR babies, you know, that went in trouble for, you know, making edited babies In China. In China, yeah. Yeah. A meme account. Oh wow. So that's mammoth fur. Wow. Yeah. A meme account though actually said on, on x that, that these are a bio weapon. And that colossals made a bio, like, so the, the, the weirdness of the woy mouse went crazy viral. What we were trying to show is that we used our multi multiplex editing tools, meaning that we edited all of those genes at the same time. Most people edit one gene, let that mouse live from the second lineage. They'll do one more gene, let that mouse live. And then they'll stack those edits over multiple generations.


We've developed a system so that we can deliver all of those edits at one time, all over the genome, get exactly what we want. And then we have this, what's called monoclonal screening, where we're screening the cells at the end sequencing all the cells, which is expensive and sounds like overkill. But then we know that none of them have unintended consequences or off-target effects in the, in the genome. So that we know the mice that we then do cloning with, we know that they'll be healthy. Mm. And so, so we try to spend a lot of time, you know, on that because we're certified by American Humane Society. It's the oldest humane organization in the world. And if you've seen the film that's like no animals were harmed in the making of this film. That's those guys. Right. So, so we've ended up, so, so we really care about kind of, not just the de-extinction efforts, the genome engineering efforts, but ensuring that the animals are healthy when they come out.


And so the, the Woolly Mouse was a really interesting proof of concept. It shows that the edits that we are working on are working Right. And we're getting exactly what we predicted. Is there any plans to sell those? No. Everyone keeps asking us that. But You know what? Museums actually are now calling us saying, and and zoos are calling us saying, can we display the woolly mice? They're like, it'll drive so much value. It'll teach people about, you know, genetics and whatnot. So, you know, it's, it's not our business model to sell our animals or to sell, you know, woolly mice. But it, it's kind of gone crazy. Is it dangerous though, to leave these mice in the hands of someone even at a zoo who decides I want more of these? Yeah. If we ever, if we ever put them, I think more likely we'd put them in a museum for that needs to be free like the Smithsonian or something like that.


From an education perspective versus something that's more attraction based. I think we do it more in the case of museum. Do you plan on keeping this batch alive? Yeah. They're gonna live out their normal lives and, but You're not gonna make new ones. We may make new ones new. What do they bring new? These won't, they're all separated. They're all separated by sex. So we're not gonna have like a Jurassic Park moment where they change, they're all separated by sex. But if you, if Jamie finds a picture of their habitats, they actually live, they live a couple years, but they don't live like traditional lab mice that live in like a small little cage and all on top of each other. Hmm. The, they actually live in pretty sweet digs that we made for them. They're all, yeah. Like we made, we spared no expense.


That's cool. Little House. Yeah. And they're big. And we, you know, we put fun stuff in them to play it with like, like this. And what's been crazy is we only named two of them and we named them Chip and Dale. 'cause we, we, people were asking what the names were and I was like, chip is the only thing that could think of at the moment. And now even on X, people are like, we need pictures of Chip. Where is Chip? We've only seen pictures of Dale and there's like these incredible internet sleuth that are like, that's not Chip, that's Dale. We need a picture of Chip. No, You can't get involved. Yeah. So we've just, yeah, we Don't, don't get involved with those people. We've not, we've not leaned in. Yeah, you cannot. We're excited, they're excited, but we just can't. Yeah. Yeah. We're busy. So, so this is a new thing. The, the wooly mouse is a new thing.


Is there any talk about doing other kind of new things? So it's more of a proof of technology. I think that the mouse model, because it's a 20 day gestation versus 22 months in elephants, it's, it's a great way to test phenotypes. 'cause with, you know, with a, a mammoth, you have three ways to test. If you got the edits right. One, you can do molecular tests, You can do DNA sequencing to see if it worked. Two, I guess there's four two, you could grow a mammoth and see if it looks like it. But that's a lot of work in 22 months. Like a lot of gestational time, a lot of money. I think there's a lot of risk in that. The third, and this is a little weird, we created what's called induced pluripotent stem cells. So we created cells that you can then turn into any type of tissue.


So we actually do have mammoth hair follicles growing in a lab. So we have hair growing in Petri dishes in the lab, which is pretty cool. If you come see the lab, you, you'll get the whole Willy Wonka Toro, which is pretty cool. And then, then the fourth way is mice, right? Because it's like, if we can then engineer them into mice, we can see immediately within 20 days if the edits were working, if there were any unintended consequences that were, would be detrimental to the animal. Wow. So we'll probably make more iterations of the William Mice. The Thylacines closest living relative is the Fat tail done art, which is a mouse sized marsupial. And it actually gest in 13 and a half days versus 20 days. So there's no reason to do it in mice when you can do it immediately in the model species.


Wow. Yeah. Okay. So how did you make the decision to do what you ultimately did? What you showed me before the show? So we working on the mammoth, the Tasmanian Tiger and the Dodo for different reasons. We work with a lot of different private landowners, governments and indigenous people groups. And a project that we announced through our Colossal foundation about two and a half years ago, is doing a population genomics map. We talked about biobanking a little bit. So we, we wanna understand from the bison that are still here in America, what's genetic diversity, what's been lost, you know, what's the number of inbreeding? So we go through this whole process to try to understand. And then we were giving a report back to MHA Nation Chairman Fox.


It's one of the largest indigenous people groups in the United States. One of the largest tribes based in North Dakota. So we're giving them a report out on this. We, we, we went to their nation, wanted to share this. And, and then, you know, we're curious. So we said, what other projects would you work on if, if that you, that we could do that's helpful outside of helping bison? And they said that they, that we needed to help with wolf conservation. And they brought up that they said that we needed to help with more bison conservation. They said if we do stuff around eagles and fish. And so we kinda got that feedback. And when Chairman Fox is walking me through their, their hair, their cultural heritage museum, he actually stopped on this incredible picture of, of a white wolf. And he said, you know, that's the great wolf.


And, and he talked about the ancestral knowledge that was passed down and that's been lost. And how many people believed that it could have even been a dire wolf. And I was like, from Game of Thrones. That's cool. I love the show. That's interesting. So we did that. We, we talked about that. And then, you know, three months later I was in North Carolina and understanding that for a completely different meeting around financing. And in that meeting it, the Red Wolf program came up. I dunno if you know anything about the Red Wolf, but it's kind of a disaster. Yeah. You know, it's the only endemic wolf to America. It's only endemic to America. It's a red wolf. It's beautiful. And there's like 15 left in the wild and with, with massive loss of, of genetic diversity.


Massive bottleneck. And, and I was like, wait, we're supposed to be this country of innovation. We can't save our own. When you think of like the American West, right? You think of wolves, you think of like, you know, eagle soaring. You think of like trout, bears, trout. You, you know, you think of bison. The thought that we could lose one of these amazing icons. Like we were like, we have to do something about, we have to figure something out. And so we, we put that kind of on the list and then in a weird series of events, we've had all of these kids over the last three years sent and teachers send parents sending us pictures of William Mammoths or dodos or tile scenes. Like we get like boxes of this every single week, which is pretty cool. So we're gonna make a Colossal kids corner at our new, new labs.


And, and in that we've had all this some Hollywood talent like, you know, Tom Brady, others that have invested in the business, they're just excited about it. Most of them learned about it through their kids. Mm. Kind of like with the wool mouse with you. And so everyone's excited about it. And then we talked to NDA, MHA nation, they brought up the di wolf again. And so we thought maybe there was an opportunity to bring back an American species. 'cause Diw Wolfs were only found in, in the US a little in, in North America, but predominantly in the United States. Coastal United States. And we thought if we could do something that could bring back the dire wolf, also help wolf conservation and bring people from like sci-fi fantasy and kids more into science and into the conversation around conservation.


We thought it was a cool idea, but we had no idea if we could pull it off.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats Summer is almost here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered Catamaran. That's a no lemon meringue. That's a yes. A day in the sun. No. A bottle of rum. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely help you out with that. Get almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You must be legal drinking age. Please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by region. See app for details.


This episode is brought to you by blinds.com. Do you know that the right window treatments aren't just about privacy? They could actually save you some serious cash on your energy bills too. But is it really worth the hassle? It's a lot of waiting for some pushy salesperson to come to your house with. An overpriced quote sucks. Right? Well say goodbye to all that nonsense because blinds.com has revolutionized the game. blinds.com lets you do a virtual consultation with their award-winning design experts. Whenever you have time, no pushy sales rep in your home, just hop online and blinds.com will send free samples right to your door. How cool is that? Whether you're a do it yourself beast or you prefer professional installation blinds.com has you covered. And guess what? You can get your entire house done for one low price, no hidden fees, no showroom markups. What you see is what you pay. Now I get it. Ordering online can be sketchy, but not with blinds.com. They've covered more than 25 million windows and they've got a 100% satisfaction guarantee. blinds.com is hooking up my listeners with an exclusive $50 off. When you spend $500 or more, just use the code rogan@checkoutatblinds.com. Go to blinds.com and use the promo code Rogan Limited time offer rules and restrictions apply. See blinds.com for details.


Is there dead dire wolves that were trapped in permafrost? Or is No, most are most of the dire wolf skulls out there. There's thousands of 'em in La Brea Tart. So if you go there, they have this beautiful wall, but because of heat and acid acid acidification, there isn't anything that's protected. Like there's nothing you can get from that. But about six years ago, a group including Be Shapiro, our chief science officer, sequenced a tooth that was found in a cave, just a single tooth. Right? And in that tooth, they actually found a, they actually got 0.15 X or coverage of the genome. So they got about 15% of the genome. But that's not really enough.


You need to get up to about 10 x meaning that you can read the entire genome about 10 different times. So that even if there are gaps, you underst stuff, understand enough of the core kind of coding regions that you could bring back that animal? Or Is this done by ai? Is This done by program? It's done by AI and software. Yeah. So we, we built, part of our business model is building technologies to solve these really complicated problems that are much harder to solve than, you know, just solving them for, you know, existing species. Open sourcing that for conservation for free, but then also taking those technologies that we can monetize for humans and spinning them out. So our first computational analysis company was called Form Bio and we actually spun it outta the business. So you have this tooth, you have 1.5? Yeah, 1.5.


So 15% of the genome. Okay. And so I went to Beth, who's only an advisor at the time and said, could you re-sample the tooth? And she's like, it, it's like, you know, half an inch long. She's like, it's destructive sampling like it's gonna ruin. I was like, well, could we scour the other museums and see if it's even possible? So we, we lucked out. And that tooth's 13,000 years old, the skull itself is 72, 70 3000 years old. Not exactly sure, but it was found in a river bed And it wasn't found in a river bed at the mouth of a cave. So it wasn't found like in, in the permafrost. It also wasn't found in like heat and acid acidification. So there's a bone in all of us called the petrus bone, which is insanely dense And it doesn't change a lot from after you're born.


It's a great DNA storage better than teeth, better than anything. It's on the, it's like in the inner ear kind of head area. And so we got permission from the museum to very carefully drill into the back of the underside of the skull and remove the petrus bone to see if we could get DNA. And we got really lucky between re-sampling the first and the, and and the skull. We ended up getting about 13 to 14 X coverage. So that's more than we needed to potentially bring back the diols. And then what'd you do? Well, and then, then we got a knock on the door And it ci no. So, so we took that DNA Can I ask you before we even start with this? Yeah.


The aggressive reporters are, is it you're playing, God, we, how do you have the right to do this? So it went, it's been a journey. Okay. So the journey that we've had is when we started the business, we didn't have any scientists and we just didn't. Right. They're like, this is tech bros wanting to see cool animals and oh, they've only got $16 million in funding and they don't have any scientists. Ha ha. So that was, that was phase one, right? And then we're like, oh, well, you know, as an entrepreneur, my job is to hire much smarter people than me. Do you smoke cigars? I do not. Okay. Gary's got me on quite a kick. So health kick. Yeah. So yeah. I mean, cigars Aren't bad for you. Well, I'm not saying they're bad for you. I'm just saying that I, you know, Allegedly. Yeah. I, I don't care.


I'll take, this is the last of them. The things that I partake in that are probably bad for You. Yeah. But you gotta you gotta do what you gotta do. I like little, everybody's got their vice. I like a Little cigar. So my question, if I was gonna grill you if I was a reporter, it'd be like, what, what Right? Do you have to invade the natural process of nature and to inject your curiosity and your ability to create new life? I think that we've become the apex part on this planet and we inject our curiosity and choices every day that we overfish the ocean, we over hunt something. In the case of the thine we, the Australian government put a bounty on its head and killed it off.


Right. And every time we cut down the rainforest, every, every time we drink hydrogenated water, we are, you know, playing God on some level. Right. We are, we are, we are change. We humans are very good at changing the natural flow of things. True. Now, the good news is, is that there's been a lot of work around ecology and understanding what the impacts to Rewilding can be. And so it's been really, really helpful for us to understand, you know, you know, one of the most successful rewilding programs of all times was reintroducing of 14 or 15 wolves back into Yellowstone. Right. And, and looking at, at how the, the ecology of the system completely changed. Like it changed the shape of rivers, you know, because the elk population were just, you know, they were getting fat, they were getting lazy.


They weren't migrating the sick and the old in the weak weren't getting killed off. Right. They were spreading disease. They were eating all of the willows and everything along the banks. So therefore the beavers went away. Beavers are like the most super, you know, climate impact animals that probably exist. 'cause they make wetlands, they make, they, they cause the rivers and, and ponds to get deeper. So it allows different types of fish and different types of animals. So you have this thing called tropic downgrading. You have this tropic cascading effect when you reintroduce these species That documentary's fascinating. It's so fascinating how Wolves change rivers. Yeah. Yeah. The, I know people that lived in Montana before the wolf reintroduction, and a lot of people don't like that the wolves are there and, but most of them are elk hunters that were used to something that's just outrageously overpopulated.


That's the reality of it. Yeah. But they were telling me that there was, they had so many elk that were living, they had such a large population versus the actual resources that were available that they had all these crazy hunts that were available over the counter. Like You can hunt cows in the snow. So in the middle of the winter where they can't move good. Yeah. You can just pick 'em off Yeah. In the snow. Because they were just trying to call the population. They were trying to diminish 'em. And That's, and that's not good for the elk pop population. No, no. It's not like, not only good for the ecosystem, but it's not good for the elk population itself. Right. I have a good friend who lives in Colorado. He has a, a ranch in Colorado and we were at his place approximately two weeks after they re reintroduced wolves.


Yeah. So they actually reintroduced wolves on his property. Oh yeah. And he didn't know what was gonna happen before it happened. And all the people around there are ranchers. Yeah. So already these five wolves that they've re reintroduced, he said, have killed over a dozen cows and calves. So the problem is they've killed elk as well. Yeah. In fact, I took a photo of an elk leg that we found on the ground Yeah. That the wolves had killed. I'm not a big fan of people getting to vote on whether or not you should do something with wildlife. I'm a big fan on having real wildlife biologists Yeah. Assess situations. And in the case of Colorado, Colorado, obviously border borders, Wyoming and Wyoming has wolves.


Yep. Wolves were making their way into Colorado. Yep. Already. And they are protected. The problem with reintroducing 'em is you're essentially asking a wolf that doesn't know the territory to start killing things in that Territory. Yeah. Or to stop at a, at a imaginary border, it doesn't exist. Right. There's no border. They go hundreds and hundreds of miles. Yeah, exactly. But the idea that you're doing this and you're doing this where there's ranches is crazy. And in Colorado, particularly stupid because the first batch were literally animals that they had captured because they were killing wildlife. Yep. So they, they moved them from Oregon to Colorado where they killed wildlife, killing wildlife. Yeah. But they're killing, excuse me, I'm saying wildlife. What I, what I really meant to say was animals, agriculture, they're, they're killing domesticated cows.


They're, they're killing these calves And you know, they're, they're having a real fucking problem with that. And it, it is something that needs to be continually monitored that shouldn't just be on some random vote of how you feel about it. Right. Like, it, like, we just Can't let people vote on that. It's no, i, i, I just, too many people live in these high population areas. I couldn't agree. I couldn't agree more. Right. And so, like, we as humanity, like if you look at the, the third leading cause of death of, of elephants, it's human elephant conflict. Right. Like, we have to, we have to figure these things out. Yes. We, we also, we don't want degraded ecosystems. We don't wanna lose species. But you have to be to, you have to do this in a very thoughtful and measured way. Right? Yeah. Like with Yellowstone, they're like, this is big enough ecological preserve, we're tagging the animals.


Yeah. We're gonna walk and measure it. I don't think that it's safe or smart to put any, you know, not just predators, but also like large herbivores in these heavy population dense areas. We can just, we just, we have to understand that some of these areas not are loss, but have already been changed for a different reason. Yes. And they've achieved homeostasis. Homeostasis. They've achieved a balance. Yeah. Right. Which is the, the big issue with Colorado right now. And it's going to be the big issue whenever you reintroduce an animal that used to be there and is no longer there. And I think in the case of Montana, I think you're right. And I think that there is an argument that maybe the wolves being there is better.


Obviously not if you're a rancher. Well the, well the Colorado, so the Colorado stuff is completely gonna destroy all of the stats. So pre Colorado, right. So I'm talking about reintroduction into Montana, reintroduction into parts of Canada, reintroduction into Yellowstone, the red wolf, which is a very small population in North, in North Carolina, there's been less than five confirmed fatalities in all of North America in the last hundred years. You mean Humans? Hu humans. Humans, Right. And are most of them in Alaska? Most of 'em In Alaska, yeah. Or in Canada. And then, and then it's before Colorado. So not saying, I don't know if the data has, I, I don't think it has the latest from Colorado, but it, it represents 0.02% on of deaths as so associated with wolves and cattle and livestock.


Right. And all livestock, not just cattle. And so the problem is when you go out there and you have a maintained balance that people can understand and governments actually give subsidies to the ranchers when they get killed by when they get killed by the by wolves. So that, that, I think that is a good program. 'cause you have to be fair to the people that are actually ranching. But the problem is when you're, you're not as thoughtful with the Rewilding program and you don't, and you're not as measured as like what they did in Yellowstone and they start encroaching in these areas, then the stats are gonna go crazy. Right. And when, if the stats goes crazy, then you're gonna start looking to the animals that are the problem. But it's not the animals that are the problem. It was the decision that we gave that power to the masses that we're really not informed to make that decision. Exactly. The problem is people just have these ideas.


Like wolves are beautiful, they're amazing. We all love wolves. It's an incredible animal. I'm so happy it exists. Don't put it near where there's a ranch. Exactly. You can't vote on that if you live in Denver. That's crazy. Is the problem. Yeah. If it Problem, if it doesn't affect your livelihood, if it doesn't affect your, the risk of your animals or your family. Yeah. You have to be mindful of that. There's also, they're getting a very skewed perspective because the governor's really interested in it and his husband is really interested in it. His, his husband apparently is the one who really wanted it to happen. And you know, you, you have a mandate, so you have to get wolves out by a certain time. And when you're doing it, the only wolves available are wolves that kill livestock. And so you're like, fuck it. Yeah. It's just not, it's just, it's you have, and, And it, the, a lot of the, so the project that we'll probably eventually talk about is we brought in a lot of the teams, so many people that have been on your show that know how to do the rewilding the right way over time.


Okay. So this is what, we'll just get to it. You made a fucking dire wolf. I didn't, you guys, our team, our incredible team made three dire wolfs so far. Let's see the photos. Jamie bust out some photos, ladies and gentlemen. Prepare yourself. 'cause this is truly fucking crazy. Yeah, that's the pop. Yeah. So this is, so that's actually Romulus as, so we have two boys, Romulus and Remus, founders of Rome. And then, and then we have Alii, who's the new girl. So this is ROIs and Remus. So funny, funny story about this. So Peter Jackson from Lord of the Rings, Jamie Peter Jackson from Lord of the Rings, was actually one of our investors.


And he has this huge museum in Wellington that he's building for all these movie props. And he's like, we were, I was sitting in, in Peter's house with he and his, he and his partner Fran. And I was like, you know, I showed him the video of them howling. He started tearing up. He goes, this is the first time I've heard of Dar Wolf or anyone's heard of Dar Wolf in 10,000 years. Started. Well he like, he like physically, emotionally got chills and started crying. And then he is like, well, you know, I do have the throne. I was like, what do you mean? He goes, I bought the throne last week at auction at a, at a private auction for like Sotheby's or someone. Right. And so, so he did. And it just happened to be where the wolves were doing their vet checkup. Like talk about cosmic coincidence. Incredible. Right. Wow. And so, You know, what you don't see in this photo is you don't see the fact that we have American Humane Society there.


We had three veterinary people. We had six people from our animal care team. When you say checkup, you don't vaccinate these little guys, do you? They do get they, because of viruses from that they can get from the soil at, at eight, at eight weeks. They do get basic virus. They do, they do get basic vaccines. Are you concerned about that? I mean, you have this animal that you're just Yeah. So these are staying on, you know, like these are not going back into the wild, right? Right. Not yet. Right now they're on a 2000 acre secure, expansive, ecological preserve with 24 7 care. They, we have an animal hospital that we built. Wow. People always are like, you guys raised so much money. And I was like, well it, because we didn't just spin it on the labs.


You have to spin it on the animal care, the facilities and whatnot. Yeah. Let's see the photo of the, the actual grown ones. 'cause they're fucking nuts. Yeah. So, so this is Robus and Remus in playing in the snow on the preserve when they are three months old. This is so three months. How big are they? Three months. They were north of 45 pounds. Wow. So look at That face. God, they're so Beautiful. Oh, they just get, they just get like, as they've aged, they've just got more and more beautiful. So let's go to the adults. 'cause the adults have crazy characteristics. Yeah. So and you were saying that you didn't even know they were gonna have We we didn't know. Right. And so we, we did, we we ended up taking, getting a, Is this a full grown one?


No, they're still five months old. So they're 80 pounds at five months. So wolves typically grow 12 to 14 months. So it, they're not full grown yet. Wow. And how big is it already? 80 pounds. About five and a half feet. And the main, yeah. And so, so a couple things about the wolves, Jamie, if you go back Yeah. So we didn't know this right. We knew that they were a ply cysteine wolf. We knew that they existed and went extinct about 12,000 years ago when a lot of megafauna went extinct. Like the, during kinda that younger dry period, that younger dry ice kind of cooling period. They went, they went extinct as well. Right. And we knew, all we know. 'cause all we have is we don't have frozen dire wolves or frozen samples.


We literally just know from skeletal remains that they were 20 to 25% larger. They were stockier. They probably weren't as fast based on kind of their, their body weight as a normal wolf would be. But we knew that they had thicker skulls, larger cranium and whatnot. And we assumed that they're, they're f and we did find this out in the genome, which is pretty cool that they were white. 'cause there's like this misconception for a while that they were red because some scientists wanted to make a paper and assume that they were red. So they get their paper. Doesn't it make sense for natural selection? Yeah. I mean, they're an arctic hunting animal. Yeah. And they have this beautiful, we didn't know it. They have this beautiful like, main light quality to 'em. And when they're babies, you, you saw a couple of pictures, their fur almost feels like polar bears.


It's crazy. Wow. It's so, It's so is it like polar bears and then it's hollow? Or is it Not? Yeah, it's not, it's, it's like typical wolves, but it's incredibly thick. It grows in kind of these, these clumps. But then as they've, as they've grown in, they've started to get this kind of like Maine to 'em, which is incredible. The females as well. Well the female, she's only six weeks old, so it's too, too soon tall. So if you keep going through a couple other photos, wow. Yeah, I mean they are just, they're just beautiful. And I mean, it's funny, someone actually said, they on our team was like, they almost look like Shetland pony wolves at some point. Right, Right. There's something They're so stocky. They're stocky, they're thicker. They are. I mean, they're, they're absolutely beautiful.


That, so this is Ksi who looks like a baby face. And we, we nailed it. We, we, we named her. Can We hear it? Let me hear. We named ESI for George R. Martin, obviously, Obviously Who's an investor in Colossal. Oh wow. Oh, Nature's cute little murderers. Well, everything in nature murders something, right? Yeah. Like we were Well, cows murder grass. Yeah. And people are now saying You can hear grass and other plants like scream now. Yeah. Yeah. They scream.


Yeah. So I guess, I guess we all are bad. So life eats life. Yeah. This is, this is, I mean, that's the reason why plants have chemicals to dissuade us from eating them. What are they eating there? So they love to chew on horns in, in this state. So we have a different phases of, we, we built 145 page animal guide. These are actually different horns from different elk and other species that we're putting out there and They chew on like To, they Just love like a dog does. Yeah. Like a dog does. Right. So are you letting these animals kill things or are you feeding 'em? So they're, so we're feeding them still. So they had a combination of bison meat, horse meat, and some Do you plan on letting them kill things eventually? So we're just about to introduce carcasses to them. So giving them part of a carcass, letting them feed, building in that, that dynamic between the two brothers for now.


And then, and, and they are starting to exhibit some hunting behavior. Are you gonna let them hunt? I mean, they're on a, they are on a seemingly wild 2000 acre preserve with just them. So they do have the ability to hunt on that preserve, but they're not doing it yet. They're starting to exhibit the, the original, the kind of the, the first inklings that, that it will trend toward that. But we want them to live, we want them, and we're gonna probably make two or three more. We want a, a solid little social pac that we can monitor that can live a seemingly wildlife that we can understand more about them. Wow. It's cool. But the other thing that's, that's equally cool to it, going back to the Red Bull story. Can, can you, Which is crazy to me that you have reignited these 10,000 year old hunting genes Yeah.


That they're starting including Size. Including size. We understand more about, like,


This episode is brought to you by Intuit TurboTax. One thing I've learned from doing this podcast is the value of having real experts around whether it's someone breaking down complex science, health, or even philosophy. Having the right people makes all the difference. That's exactly what TurboTax does for your taxes. Because now taxes is matching with a TurboTax live expert for your unique tax situation. Your expert is backed by cutting edge technology that cross checks millions of data points for absolute accuracy. And while they work on your taxes, you can get real time updates on their progress and get the most money back all while you go about your day, which means less stress for you and the best possible outcome for your return. It's 2025. It's time to file like it now. This is taxes Intuit TurboTax. Get an expert now@turbotax.com.


This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. Sometimes speed is a huge asset, like in the ring or on the field. Being quicker than your opponent could be the difference between winning and losing in the world of business. It could be the difference between finding or missing out on your next great hire. Luckily, you can speed up the hiring process with ZipRecruiter. Their new zip intro feature can help you meet several interested qualified candidates at once, kind of like speed dating. And right now you can try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro works fast to find the people you need. You can literally post your job today and start talking to candidates in back to back calls tomorrow. It's that fast. And best of all, this feature does a lot of the legwork for you. It finds you top talent for your role and schedules those calls. All you need to do is pick a time, enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with zip intro only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro post jobs today. Talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


We, you know, we looked at what genes made really a di wolf for di Wolf, like what was separated. And the beautiful thing for us is that we had a 13,000 year old tooth and a 73,000 year old skull. So we could actually understand the genetic distant with that much genetic distance between them. We could actually understand, You know, what truly was fixed and conserved in the dire wolf genome and what wasn't just population genomics. Right. If there's, if you and I are 50,000 years apart, we, you know, there's a lot of different mutations in that time period. But if we can then really say, okay, You know, what made Ben Ben and what made Jojo, oh, here's the overlaps. It allowed us to really understand that, which would Awesome. Wow. And it's just Fascinating that the behavior characteristics are kind of baked into those baked, Those jeans.


They're Yeah. And they just were dormant for 10,000 years and now these things are waking up and, And so I was, I was like, so I was in, you know, 'cause I bottle fed Romulus. Wow. And, and Romulus is partly raised with me. Like I'd go out to the preserve I'd, I'd check on him quite quite frequently. It's in the northern United States where we don't say where it is, but mainly 'cause if we're, we're for not just the animal's health, but for human health, we, ever since we launched the Woolly mouse, we've had very excited people just show up at our, our labs are not open to the public. And we've had lots of people just show up wanting to see the mice. And so showing people too much of the preserve, we're always very, very nervous about, we scrub all the videos and whatnot to ensure that no one can pick it out.


Right. Because we, we assume people will be moderately excited. Oh Yeah. Oh, the the internet sleuth will try to find you. Yeah. So we've, we've done not, I'm not trying to challenge them, but we've been, we've done everything we can to protect it. Yeah. I, I understand. I mean, you have to some dude from Saudi Arabia wants a wolf. Yeah, exactly. Somebody wants A tire wolf. We get a lot of, we already, we Already get a lot people to come over. We Already get a lot of weird calls. But the, The other, oh, I bet you do. The other thing though Is someone with deep pockets. Oh, We get, we Get, make me a die wolf my friend. We, we, I have everything. They Have everything in my collection. We get a lot of weird calls. Yeah, yeah. From people that are like, Those people that have private zoos. Oh yeah, yeah. Like Enormous In like in India.


Yeah. Yeah. They have, that family has like the largest private zoo and preserve, which Just so wild. It's so crazy. Yeah. Well, you know, Texas' history with animals, right? Yeah. There's more tigers in captivity in private collections in Texas. In Texas than in the wild Than in the wild of the world. Yeah. Yeah. It's crazy. But I was, I was in the, I was in, so we, of the 2000 acres, we have a subsection, subsection of it that's about six and a half acres where we have an animal hospital, a storm rescue shelter. We have a, a couple of natural dens that we've built for them as well as an animal husbandry area. So that, that way when we wanna take photos of them or videos of them or do blood tests, they're in a seemingly con more contained area.


And it's funny, two weeks ago I was up there and I was actually sitting on those logs in one of those pictures. And Remus came, Romulus who I spent the most amount of time with. Remus came up, came pretty close, and I was able to touch him again. But I thought at that moment, and then he kind of skit away. I was like, that's the last time I'm touching Reuss. Like what am I doing? And, and I mean, don't get me wrong, I had our animal decide to eat you. Yeah. I have animal care teams there and everything. And they have been some, there's some level of habituation between the, the care team. They really know and love the care team, but there's still wild animals. Right. And so, and they Probably hunted humans. Yeah. I don't, I don't, I don't, we don't know. Right. But the rise of kind of going back to their extinction, the rise of the, the change in kinda this younger driest period and the change, the massive, I know the, some of the stuff that there's like several different prevailing theories, one of which is human predation, right.


That like the rise of humans led to the extinction of the megafauna. That's kind of, you know, I think, I think it's, the answer is probably a combination. Could have there been an, you know, astrological event. There's starting to be more and more data around that. I'm sure you've seen Randall Carlson talk about this. Yeah. I've seen Randall Carlson talk about it. Graham Hancock talked about it. Yeah. And just whole, they just got the shit beat out of them. Yeah. Not anymore. Yeah. I know. I'm drives impact theory is well respected now It's Yeah. And it, And it happened. Yeah. And it, And it definitely also happened in kind of a regional sense, right. Because you see different which Yeah. Which also tracks to the theory, right? So not only do you have these different layers that you can prove from a sedimentation perspective, but you know, there was also a massive glacial lake and, and, and some of the glaciers up there that rapidly liquified, right.


That then dumped in the ocean. That also changed ocean pattern. So you went from a period, you know, in the, that that kind of transitioned from lycine to Holocene. There was this period of insanely accelerated cooling. Right. Do you know how Randall came up with that idea before it was Uhuh brought to, like, his idea is that it was an instantaneous melting of these caps. Put some sort of immense cosmic event and millions and millions of trillions of gallons of water at an insane rate ran through the land. Yeah. And just carved deep gouges into the earth. He was on acid. He was on acid. And this idea came to him, some Weird Looking out over a ridge.


He was looking at this enormous gorge and he realized the gorge was formed by water rushing at an insane rate of speed. And then he, he started noticing that there's these huge boulders that are just out in the middle of nowhere, that were just moved by this immense amount of water. And then the way the ground, the, the features of the ground looks like the features that you see on sandy beaches when the tide rolls in and out. And it's like, this is cra And it all tracks. Yeah. It tracks all over the world. It's like, it's like those, it reminds me of those stories where they show people like the side of the sphinx and they're like, oh man, that's a lot of water erosion. And then they like flip the photo and then you see the head of the things they're like, that's not water erosion.


And You're like, it's Dr. Robert Chalk from Boston University. Yeah. He, I've interviewed him. He was the first guy to propose this. He's like, this is thousands of years of rainfall. And we know that the last time there was rainfall like that in the Nile Valley was 9,000 years ago. Yeah. So the whole thing is really screwy. Yeah. In terms of like, what is the timeline that this stuff was actually built And are we just assuming because we've decided that it's 2,500 BC Yeah. That that's it forever. And no one wants to let that go. Well, that, that, that, I'm not a scientist. But that's, and I don't come from academia. I'm just an entrepreneur that knows how to build teams of smarter people than me. And I find cool shit interesting. And I try to work on it. Right. And what, what's crazy to me is the academic system, you know, once again, non-academic.


I'm sure I'll get crucified for this, but I don't read the comments. It doesn't Really matter. Don't read the comments. Let's go. I don't read the comments. Let's go. I don't, trust me, I don't read the comments. It doesn't. Good for you. I sleep quite well. Nice. The but, but you know, the academic, so we have 95 of the top scientific advisors in the world, Nobel Laus and whatnot. We've got, we fund 17 academic universities, right? All over the world. We fund 40 postdocs. Right. All over the world. Right. And that, that are, they're doing this. So we're very integrated with, with different ideas from, from academia and these scholars and our top people that were at Colossal came from academia. So I think we try to be very academically friendly. But they live in this world, this super kind of like fortune and glory world where it's like, it's a popularity contest if someone has a paper.


'cause their entire motivation is publish or, or pair. So one of the other things that people bitch about us is they're like, you guys don't write scientific papers for every single thing you do is like, we're not an academic university. We're not allowed, I I don't have to write a paper on anything ever. We do a couple here and there 'cause we wanna share our knowledge with, with the community. Right. But we get this feedback of like, if we wrote a scientific paper for every single thing that we did that went through peer review, like we, we would have 3000 scientific papers and no mammoths ever. Right. Because we'd just be sitting around writing fucking papers all day long. This is interesting. 'cause they want to impose their idea of what you are supposed to and not supposed to do. Well They wanna impose your, their idea that they've already established in any change to that establishment. So yeah. So in addition to the public 95 scientific advisors, and these are some of the top women and men in the world, right.


That fall, fall in all sides of the political spectrum. All sides of every single spectrum out there. They, we have another probably 40 advisors. They're like, we love you. We just, you can't say anything because if I submit it, we know these other people don't like me. If I submit a paper, they're, and we totally agree with you and we'll help you. But we submit a paper, they judge my paper, it gets rejected. Then I don't get my grant. So then I can't continue my research. I have to fire my postdocs. So it's a complete scam of a system. Right. And so we, we went through this phase where it's like, we didn't have enough scientists. We didn't have labs, we didn't have money, we weren't doing anything for conservation. So we went through this whole like philosophical perspec of these, like these, all these things that people threw about, threw at us from the scientific community.


And some of our biggest people that hate us are people that we denied their funding. Of course. Well the, the problem is not the scientific community. The problem is weak men. It's this, this what you see in these, these squabbles, these like ultra personal squabbles where like horrible vitriolic statements made about people. Like they're Just not happy people. Exactly. It's the same problem with all of life. It's these bitchy little people, these bitchy little monsters. And they have taken over something that's incredibly important in their work. Their work. These bitchy little people. Their work is incredibly important.


Yes. But at the core of their being, they're a bitchy little person And they can't, and that's why, and that is why we don't have flying cars. We don't have mammoths. And until Elon, we we're not gonna live on Mars. Right. And so like, we didn't have like, I think Well it takes time. It Yeah. But it, it doesn't come. But also academia is really focused on point solutions, not full systems. Right. So if you wanna go to Mars or you wanna bring back a mammoth, you have to design the entire system and you have to innovate across everything. Right. Whereas in academia, you're, you are only incentivized to get that piece of paper and get that Approved. Well it's also, you are, you're dealing with grants and enormous amounts of money that gets donated and, and given to these institutions along with a whole ideology.


Like it's not just as simple as let's follow data. It's all gotta be attached to this very left-leaning almost preposterous in some aspects. Ideology. Yeah. And everyone has to say things as a fucking scientist that you know is not true. You, You should just follow the scientific method. Exactly. I'm not assigned to it, but we should just, and guess what, when new data shows up that, you know, changes your old data, you shouldn't get mad about that. You should celebrate It. Exactly. Well also you have to look at all data. You know, like, I don't want to get into this, but like if you're, you have academics who are legitimate scientists and have published papers who are telling you that a man can be a woman.


And which is fine in terms of like who you are, but now when you're having them compete with women in sports, you've entered into nonsense land and you are the person we're counting on to be the most intelligent person on the subject. You're trapped by an ideology that you're now ignoring biology in favor of sociology. I Just wish we could get philosophy. We separate like philosophical perspectives from science. We d Yes. One of the, one of the things that we fight about all the time, you know, because it's like once we got the scientists and once we got the money and once we proved that we are the most advanced, you know, synthetic biology company in the world, once Inq Tel, which is a, a a, the funding arm of the CIA and other governments started investing in Colossal because of our technologies.


And once we started proof points, the, the last arguments that we have against some of those scientists are philosophical ones. Right? They're like, it's not a mammoth. Right. It's not a di wolf. And it's like this concept of speciation is a human construct that we are trying to impose on nature that flows more like a river than a rock. So are they saying that it's not because it didn't come straight from nature. It's something that you've recreated by piecing this together with that. Like what, what are the genes that you had to use to create a dire wolf? We didn't totally explain this. Yeah. So you have crispr you have these gene editing tools, you have a good sample of DNA, how do you turn that into a W So you map them next to it. And, and there was a, a study that came out about, and once again, this goes back to the status quo of scientists, of academic scientists.


There was a paper that came out a few years ago because they didn't have much data. They said that dire wolves were closer related, weren't closer related to wolves. They were close related to jackals. And that's because at the time they only had 0.15% of the genome. Right. They just didn't have all the data. This iss not negative, they just didn't have all the data. Now we know that they actually were close related to wolves. 'cause we had more data which wol filled gray wolves or the, the precursor to gray wolves. Right? So, so they were closer to to, to the wolf ancestry line in kind of the broader can group and family group. And So what we found is, so once you do that, we start looking at all these genes and we start to understand what are the differences. And we start to see that in certain parts of the genome that are responsible for size, for muscle, for cranial facial, that there's differences, right?


So we can start to map and say, okay, where are the differences between gray wolves and where are the differences between gray wolves and dire wolves? And then with those, we have a lot of different tools that we can then go use to make those changes from the dire wolves in a gray wolf cell line. And so, and then once you go through that process, we didn't talk about this earlier, you do the same process called somatic cell nuclear transfer, which is effectively cloning where you take the nucleus of one cell, you put it that into another egg cell, and then you take that embryo and you insert it into a surrogate. And is this a 100% dire wolf or is this a new thing? So this is, so this goes into the philosophical thing, right? So if you look at speciation, right?


There's basically the scientists don't agree on how you classify a species. So you've got certain people that'll say, well, if it can, a species is dictated by something that can't breed. That's literally a definition. Like, like if this animal can't breed with this animal, then that's its own species. Then you have other people, you have the paleontologist and some of them love us like Kenneth Lavaro, who's arguably the number one paleontologist in the world that loves us. But then you have other paleontologists that just hate us and they do it based solely on tooth morphology. 'cause they argue that's the only thing that is gonna be persistent over time. And I asked a paleontologist recently that, that hates us. I said, if I made a mammoth with like, that was giant with like paint curly fur And it had the right tooth morphology, you're saying that based on your scientific papers that you would say, that's a mammoth.


And she's like, yes, But that doesn't matter. And I'm like, well do it. And so, so but then you, Why does she hate you guys? Be because why does anyone, you know, anytime you do anything in this world now that's like moderately bold or or polarizing, people give you pushback. But This is heavily bold. I wouldn't say this is moderately bold. You made three fucking die wolves. That's not moderately bold. Well, it, it's really kind of one of the, one of the craziest things that a human being's ever done. It, It's, it's definitely in the, in the realm. I this Is right up there with inventing the internet. Yeah. So when you see Well, and we have more stuff to come that Yeah. That I think I know be equally Interesting. I there's people out there. Did you worry that someone is gonna get, you know, because this falls into religious realms.


Well, it, it's, it, it's, there's philosophical and religious. Yeah. And so like back on speciation, you know, polar bears and brown bears are two different species. Right. But they may produce viable offspring all the time. And a bear expert will tell you that a polar bear is just a coal aquatic adapted cold adapted bear. Right? Right. And so I always ask people that they, They're, they're offspring are they can have children, right? Yes. Yes. So it's not like a donkey. Yeah, exactly. So there's different ways to characterize Yes. Making A mule rather. Yeah. But there's different ways to say something a something. Right. And so, you know, we are not the same. Right. If, if I know what percent you probably from 23 and me or something have some percentage Neanderthal. Yeah. You don't say that you're an admixture or a hybrid, you just say you're a human.


You don't, you don't really. Right. But that's a good point though, because Neanderthal, if you want to talk about a different species just because they could breed with us, God, they're so different. But that's it. But there, like I said, there's six different ways. There's actually a, a species definition that's based solely on geographics. And there's a, a funny paper out there around one species of toad that they built a road through and the same toads live on both on two sides of the street. And they're different species and they're the same fucking tote. Just because there's a road. Just because, because we as humans, ch change. It's called geographic isolation of speciation. So it's just crazy. And so, so the only arguments that we now have is, but is it a mammoth? And it's like, well then don't call it a mammoth.


You, I was like, do I ask people? I was like, did you see Jurassic Park? And they're like, yeah. I was like, what's Jurassic Park? What was Jura to your que? What do you think? What was Jurassic Park about to you? Me? Yeah. If you're like, if you're gonna take your kids to see Jurassic Park, what is the movie about Dinosaurs? Is it because they took ancient DNA and they mixed it with a bunch of other stuff? Right? Are they dinosaurs or are they, or are they genetically modified animals? GMOs, genetically modified organisms that have inserted genes from lots of different things? Or are they dinosaurs if they serve the ecological function? This is what's called functional de-extinction. If they serve the ecological function and they have the lost biodiversity in phenotypes that made that animal unique like the polar and a bear and a bear. They're just that animal.


So these goes into, this starts the whole religious and philosophical debates where it's funny because the scientists who should not fall into these philosophical debates when they don't like what you're doing, that's what they go to. So what was the argument? How did they,


this episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. We've all got our daily rituals. Like in the mornings you might grab some coffee, do some exercise, eat a bowl of cereal, and then head off to work. It's nice having a routine you can go back to again and again. You might even find it comforting. But You know what can bring you even more peace of mind. SimpliSafe, they have some of the best home security systems out there. And I'm not just saying that the CNET named SimpliSafe the best home security system of 2025. Their systems are top notch. I think part of that is because SimpliSafe gets the job done fast. They work to prevent break-ins before they happen. Using AI powered cameras and live professional monitoring agents, they can keep a close eye on your property. And if they detect any suspicious activity, they take action. Whether it's activating spotlights, talking to intruders in real time or contacting the police, SimpliSafe gets it done. It's also nice to know there's no bullshit with these guys. There's no long-term contracts or cancellation fees. SimpliSafe even has a 60 day satisfaction guarantee or your money back. Make SimpliSafe a part of your daily routine. Get 50% off your new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and your first month free at simplisafe.com/rogan. That's simplisafe.com/rogan for 50% off and your first month free. There's no safe like SimpliSafe safe.


Hello friends. I want to tell you about my favorite sunglasses. They're called Rocha. They're made right here in Austin, Texas. And they're the best sunglasses I've ever found for outdoor activities. I can run around in them, I can do shit. They never fall off your head. They fit tight but comfortable. Rocha's a super innovative independent eyewear company based right here in Austin, Texas. They work with top scientists and navy seals and Olympic gold medalists and Ironman champions and some other incredible people to make the best, most comfortable and capable eyewear out there for people like you and me. And I'm telling you, Roku shit just works different. They feel great and you'll notice it from the first time you put it on your face. They don't fall off seriously. If you're sweaty, they stay in place. Even better. They don't slip gym stuff, kettlebells yoga sprints, chasing the dog, whatever you're into, it could just be leaning over to pick up your kids. Everything stays on your face and feels great with crystal clear optics. It's great. If you need prescription glasses or you're looking for sunglasses for summer, now's your chance. Tap the banner to find a pair of kick ass glasses now. Or visit roka.com and use the code Rogan for 20% off at checkout. That's ROK a.com.


Is that it? Oh, it's just like, it's by their own definition. They're like, well it doesn't have enough DNA. So I was like, so it, I said, but the second dire wolf that we have or the the second genome that we have from the tooth has is has less of the same DNA than the skull. Does that mean that it wasn't a dire wolf? And it just turns into an, you're missing the point conversation. I'm just asking questions. What is, I would like to know the point though. What is her point, their point? What is, what is she, what is her overall argument? The general point of the the people is that they wanna pick one speciation definition and adhere us to that. And if you do that, no animal, including our animals, will fall into one species. Right. It's just people that are using the framework that they set that doesn't, isn't consistent kind of against the, their based on the argument that they wanna make.


Interesting. So species is just something that, it's A human construct. It's not, and it's just a thing if it can breed with another thing. Well, I mean that's, that is one definition. There is another definition saying that it's only a species if it can't breed with another thing. Oh. So if I genetically modify them to make it where they can't breed with wolves, does that mean they're now their own? Sp like, it, it, it just gets into this dumb philosophical perspective because we made up this Construct, right. But as a person who studies biology, which this person is right, I could kind of understand her perspective where she's like, what are you doing? Like what are you doing? How is this group of people with a bunch of money and a bunch of eggheads, how are these geniuses allowed to get together, splice some jeans up and serve up a dire wolf?


I could see it from her Perspective. Yeah. 100%. Right. But I think that if we don't do big bold things, it's, it's important. You know, one of the things we should definitely show is the, this Is just like the guy in Jurassic Park, but we should basically the same Conversation but the reality. Yeah. But, but, but John Hammond don't worry. But John Hammond, I don't think that they were really focused on conservation unless there was a subplot that, you know, didn't make it the final cut. We actually are no. Make an attraction. Yeah. So if we could show the red wolf, I think that'd be amazing. 'cause all the technologies that we made on the path to bring back the dire wolf we won, make available to conservation. Well, Will this explain the red wolf to people? Because you were saying before, I didn't even know how few of 'em there are. Yeah. So if you go to the one more.


Yeah. So this is a red wolf that's hope. That's the world's first cloned red wolf. So I've actually made more red wolves than I've made dire wolf. So I've made four red wolves. One female. Are you just Releasing These fuckers? No, no. They're, they're in a, they're in an ecological reserve as well. And so, but you're, you're gonna, you're gonna die when you hear what I went through on this. So I found out that, you know, we try to pair every de-extinction project with a species preservation project outside of making all of our technology for free. Right. Everything that we make that has an application to conservation anyone in the world can use to help save animals. They don't pay us a dime. It's all open source. It's all free. We have 48 conservation partners. The team that's running the Northern White Rhino Project, we're their exclusive genetic rescue partner.


It doesn't, we're working with elephants in Botswana. We're working with elephants in Kenya. So anybody can use our technologies for free. Right. We're working on kitr fun, terrible fungus in Australia. And so, so if that's not enough, I found out that, you know, that there's only 15 of those of red wolves back in the wild in North Carolina. So I met with the, the upcoming governor. Are they in other states as well or Is it just No, no, we we'll, we'll get to that. We'll get to that. Okay. So they're, they're only recognized by US Fish and Wildlife there. But this incredible woman from Princeton, you know, top of her field, she's won the wolf top wolf geneticists in the world. Bridget von Hold identified a population of wolves in Louisiana that have red wolf like characteristics.


So she started darting them, taking samples. And what she found is they actually have more, quote unquote red wolf in them than the red wolves that are being identified in, in North Carolina. And Is it part of the problem they're in breeding with coyotes? Yeah. But they've all been like, these guy, like the ones in North Carolina have all inbred with coyotes. They, all the red wolves have some coyote in them. 'cause they look Like Coyotes. Well, because every, every, well the ones in North Carolina even look more like coyotes Really? And yeah, because the reality is every single species is what's called an admixture. They're all, we are, everything is inbreeding with everything on some level. Right. And so everything in in life is an admixture. Nothing's, it goes back to the Neanderthal. So This binary idea that we have is silly.


It's no, it's, it's a human cause construct. Right. And they Right. It's insane. So, so I went to some folks from the last administration, right? And, and I, I took some data with me and I said, Hey, we really wanna help this red wolf program. We don't need any money. We open source all of our technologies. And we've, we've used a technology that's non-invasive for cloning, where we actually take a vial of blood. We isolate what's called endothelial progenitor cells. Basically the, the inner lining of your blood vessel. Right? 'cause there's no nucleus in blood cells. So we catch those and when we catch those, we then isolate them, we grow them and we clone from them. Right. Which is amazing because if you think about typical cloning from an animal welfare perspective, a lot of times you have to anesthetize the animal.


You have to take ear punches, skin biopsies. It's actually pretty, it's a pretty invasive, terrible process to do cloning. We can simply do it. Every single zoo takes blood from their animals to check certain levels and whatnot. We give blood all the time. And so it's a very non-VA it's about as non-invasive as as you can get. Right? And so we found a way which we've op, which we're open sourcing on Tuesday, is OO open sourcing this model of how you go clone from blood, which is a game changer for biobanking. 'cause now you don't have to go herd an animal, take pieces of the animal anes size the animal. We can just take bloods and put 'em in freezers and be able to bring them back or clone them if there's a lack of genetic diversity using the thing. So I, I went out to Washington with my team.


I showed them, showed them hope as a baby in little videos of, and you may have videos of, of, of hope, Jamie, I don't know if it's in the folder. I showed him videos of hope and I said, Hey, you know, there's, there's only a handful of, we made these four wolves from three different genetic lines. We made these from, we made these from three different genetic lines. Right? So there's actually more genetic diversity in these wolves. Then what's alive in the population. And we said, we'd like for you to help protect the work that's being done in Louisiana and then how many wolves would you like us to make using that population as well as frozen samples that are dead. And we'll just give them to you. There's no cost. Here was the feedback.


We need to spend five to six years on an internal study and spend $22 million to see if it's possible to clone wolves. And I was, I was blown away. I was like, I was like, oh, I'm so sorry. I wasn't very clear. This is a cloned wolf, like, here you can fly with me to the preserve. You have signed NDA, but you fly with me reserve. And they're like, we need to spend five to six years and 20 plus million dollars to go to go understand this to, to understand this spot. Like we'll give you all of the technology and if you tell me you want a hundred wolves, I'll just make you a hundred wolves and we'll even, we'll even engineer in more genetic diversity for you. And the response was, we'll get back to you. We went to, we try to have three other meetings, no showed and canceled every time. When we flew there, I just got back from a meeting with Department of Interior, which fish and wildlife rolls, rolls up to, and they're very, very focused on, you know, innovation, not regulation, which has been pretty amazing.


That's great. And immediately they said, we celebrate an Doug Bergham. The, the Secretary of interior there who we met with said, we celebrate. He's a huge conservationist, huge Teddy Roosevelt guy, member of the Explorers Club. And he's like that we do not have a celebration when animals come off the endangered species list. Only about 3% ever come off. And we're really good at putting them on and we celebrate putting them on. So we have to do something about this. And if you're saying that we could productionize species and as long as we have the right support to rewild them, people can use your technologies for free to make more of these different species that are critically endangered, while also biobanking the samples along the way. He's like, why wouldn't we do this? And I was like, why about the previous folks?


And they said that we need, you know, five years and 20 million that they, they were gonna spend it internally. They weren't giving us to do the feasibility. So they were gonna spend it internally on this. And we're like, we'll just do it for free. And he's like, we will completely support the initiative and we're gonna help get you plugged in so you can help biobank our species and also help us support, you know, red wolf conservation. So when will you start reintroducing these? So we just had that meeting last Week. Soulless red wolves from hell. You've created a lab. They're gonna start eating people and So we're gonna Kidding. We just met with them last week, So Well it's, it's, they're beautiful. God, they're so beautiful. Which Is, it's just like why we shouldn't be afraid of innovation. Right? No, but you know, the real question is where do you stop?


Yeah. Because 90 what percent of all animals that have ever existed, all species are extinct. Yeah. Like are we gonna I think you focus on the, the species that are critically endangered and are keystone species, meaning the environment needs them. Right. But the, But the ones that Bringing 'em back, but the ones that we drove to extinction. Right. Okay. So that's, so it's debatable whether or not we drove dire wolfs to extinction. We don't really know what happened 10,000 years ago. I'm inclined to think that when you see the, the death of 65% of North American megafauna that happened really quickly. Really quickly. Yeah. I'm, I'm inclined to think that these scientists that believe it was an asteroid or a common impact are correct. I think, I think it's a com I think it's a most likely it's a combination.


We do know that when early that anthropologic effects from humans that when early man went onto, onto a landmass at scale, that that, you know, we start to see that. We see that in Australia and other places. Sure. But it's, but to your point, it's much slower. It's much, much slower. This Is a different thing. Yeah. Are you gonna bring back saber tooth tigers? We so we get everyone seems to have their favorite animal for us to save. Right. Like the ol Wolves would be my favorite. Yeah. That would be my favorite. Yeah. Di dire wolves. You gotta come. Maybe at some point you'd see them, but I want to, They're amazing. I mean they're beau they're, they're just beautiful animals. Yeah. So we, they're, they're so saber, saber two tiger is a class, we put it that as a class, most commonly people think of the smilodon as the saber-tooth tiger.


There's not to date been really great Smilodon. DNA there is great ho Ethereum, DNA, which is another type of saber-tooth guy. Oh, I didn't know there was more than one type of saber tooth. How many Are there? They classify 'em differently, you know, based on it. But Obviously you've been studying this so you're thinking about doing It. I'm not, I mean we, we like to study ancient DNA. Right? Like, like, you know, one of the things where I think that, you know, John Reeves is a hundred percent right, is people say there were no saber two tigers in Alaska. That that's just an incorrect statement. Correct. There were no, there were probably no smile ADONs there, but there are ho Ethereums, which are a saber tooth cat. Yeah. He's found things that were not supposed to be there.


I I I've held things in his, I he's, I I've held a di wolf skull in his, in his, I hope he's fine with me saying that in his facility. Yeah. I think he's talked about that. Yeah. Yeah. But they found cave bear short face bears. Wow. That, yeah. So home, home Ethereum is still a saber tooth cat. But when, what happens is it, this goes back to that philosophical whoa, that philosophical perspective. They think that only, so if you look up smile at dawn in comparison. Oh, so this has shorter saber teeth, but still, can you gimme that CGI image of it again, Jamie to the left. That's so fucking cool. Yeah. And, and, and I don't think there's any, i I don't think you should bring something like that back, but if you do, I'm me to visit it.


I mean, I wanna see that thing of things take down a bite. This's pause. There was a, I mean, wait till you see the Darryl pause Bro. But that would be so crazy. Now all of a sudden I want you to do it now. Gimme another large picture of it. Jamie. There's some other pictures of those. So smile at Dawn's the one that has the largest teeth, It has the largest known teeth. But when people think of Saber two Tiger, this is what Or True cat. Right. That's a crazy, This is what they think of. Those Are crazy. Yeah. I wonder how, why nature wanted it to have that. I mean, probably having to pierce things like mammoth hides, unless they're Quite thick, it has to be. Right. Something where you, there's a genetic advantage and Their jaw hinges look At that one on the right. Incredible. Lower Right Jamie below that to below that.


To the right. To the right. Right. Yeah. Right there. Click on that. Look at that man. Yeah. And I, I I love CGI is so incredible. I love because we don't, you know, it's amazing. We don't have the DNA from it. So what we have no idea what the color pattern is. Right. Which you can see here. Right. It's like it's got short tail, it's got long tail, it's got leopard, it's got stripes. Right, right. We don't even know if they had long tail short. We don't even know if they, They could have been white. Wow. That would be wild. So we do have there, there have been some really well preserved pups in others of, in the permafrost of ho Ethereum. Whoa. Have You ever seen and home Ethereum we know has that kind of coloration to it. We Don't, I don't wanna say we do or don't we have not done the analysis on that, on the ho Ethereum Yet?


Look at that little guy. We Do. We do have the genome of it though. Wow. Not that we're gonna work on It. Okay. So that has brown hair. Have you seen the, have you seen the American short face bear? Yes. That's something I'm probably the most scared of. Yeah. You can't bring That back. 17 or 18 foot giant bear. You can't bring that back. We're, we're not working on it. I'm just saying. But somebody might, that's the problem. There might be some fucking crackhead out there that's got $40 billion. That's out of his mind. Well I also think that, You know, like some crazy dude who's just got the resources That's insane. Do that. That's, you Know, that is, that to me is megalodon scary. Made a lot of money. That's A man, that's a land megalodon. Well that that, yeah. That is an enormous animal. And they think that's one of the animals that probably prevented people from crossing the bearing strait more.


More. I've read that. Yeah. Yeah. It was, it's a theory but it's a prob pretty good one. Yeah. I Mean if you knew that, if knew there a lineage of like super, you know, polar bears were out there, I wouldn't go near it. And it is essentially a super polar bear. Yeah. Which is really scary. 'cause polar bears are, Are terrifying and Completely carnivorous And they don't care. They'll just walk right up to you and kill you. Oh Yeah. There's a great video of these guys that are behind a fence. Yeah, that was, somebody sent it to me yesterday. Oh fuck. I'll find it. I know where it is. Someone sent it to me yesterday of these guys that are right behind a fence where this polar bear's trying to get through the fence. Right. There's three of 'em and they're, you know, they're talking to like, Hey big guy, you can't come in here.


Hey fella. And it's just calm walking towards like, I'm gonna get in there. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's, yeah. Polar bears scare me. Very spooky. Well they're spooky because they don't eat anything but meat. So we're on the menu. Yeah. All humans are on the menu. Anything that walks and breathes is on the menu. I got it here. Where is it? Shit, it'll take me a few minutes. It'll, sorry. Jamie, pause for a second. Lemme find this. 'cause it's good. Okay. I just sent it to you. So I'm, it looks like they're in, I don't know where they are. I think it'll say in the video. So these guys here gimme some volume. Polar bears. It's an oil rig so it's probably Canada. Look at these guys that sound.


Yeah. They're just trying to eat you. Look At this. I have two more behind it. Yep. Hey, go on, Go on, Go on. Probably not gonna work. They're just trying to figure out how to get in to eat you. Hey sweetheart. Hey Sweetheart, sweetheart wants to rip your liver out. Hey, go on. I bet Sweetheart. They're so beautiful. They're beautiful. It's interesting that they're the most dangerous ones 'cause they're the ones we use for Coca-Cola and Claw Dyke bars. Yeah. Isn't That wild though? You have 'em just like playing around in the snow, but they're actually terrifying.


Yeah. You were saying the younger Jarris is really interesting. It's very, very interesting. Yeah, because it's a, a fairly new theory and explains a lot and especially when you look at the, the mass extinction that, that did take place during that time. I would love to have seen what it looked like when all those animals were around. Like what, what was a, you know, we kind of have a sense of what, because of safaris and videos, we know what it looks like when lions are interacting with wildebeest in Africa. Like what did it look like in Kansas? Like a yeah, like a 15,000 years, years ago. Yeah. Like what was it like? You know, there's a, a extinct bison species that is the bison laron Have you seen those guys? Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Yeah.


They're like, they have like eight foot long Texas longhorns crazy. On, on like, you know, super HGH like bison To mix. Yeah. Our bison are small compared to the extinct bisons. Right. Yeah. Were they the largest of the North American bisons? Yeah. The, the bison la of fronts was. See if you can get a photo of that. Yeah. There were, I didn't Know about them until a few years ago. Yeah. I didn't even know that was a thing. It's, I mean, there were so many different things. Giant sloths. There's the saber-tooth tiger, the American lion, which is, there's An American cheetah. Yes. The American cheetahs, you know, we have, we actually have a full genome of it. And then there was a, there was also one of my favorite animals, which is kinda a weird one, probably on the list since we're talking about dire wolves and sa two tigers.


Have you seen the Stellar Sea Cow? No. What is that? Think of like a manatee or dugong. Right. That's the size of like a large whale. What? Yeah. And it, the sad thing is it died. It, it actually died off before it died off. And Yeah. Whoa. It died off though, within a hundred years of its discovery. When was that? We killed them all. Huh? Yeah, we killed They probably turned 'em into candles or something. Yeah, yeah. Lipstick burned their fat. Yeah. Yeah. So, but it was actually really important, the Ceridian Yeah. To ever exist. It was hunted extinction only 30 years after being discovered. 30 years. Yeah. Described in the 18th century. Wow. Yeah.


And it was, and we actually Have a fuckhead, We have a full genome of this too, which is pretty cool. You gonna bring it back? We can't just, I would bring this back in heartbeat. It was hugely important to the kelp forest of the Pacific Northwest. It was great. It's a great, it's not scary. It's huge. It's like, it's Right. But then another marine manual, if you bring that back, why wouldn't you bring back a megalodon? There is no megalodon. DNA. There's none. No, I will say that the, the CEO of the largest, the, the president and CEO of the largest free museum in America really wants me to do megalodon. But he, he's like, I can never say that publicly. I'll, I think he just outed him. Yeah. But, but there's a lot of museums.


I I could be wrong on the size. Yeah. Whatever. He's great though. But there is, there is no DNA but who Have to eat a lot. And we've already killed everything in the ocean, unfortunately. So one of the things that's weird and interesting that we're also working on is artificial wos at Colossal. Because if you want to get, get to this world where you could productionize endangered species like northern white rhinos, instead of having to use surrogates for an animal welfare perspective, you know, you, if You can get to the point that You can engineer genetic diversity into 200 northern white rhinos, grow them in labs and bags, and then work with, and then you can control that population very, very well, you can then reintroduce them, you know, with folks in the field that are the rewilding experts. Right. And so we, we really not focusing on the, we kind of rely on third parties on the REWILDING modeling and all of our, you know, our 48 conservation partners, we are really just kind of focused on the, kind of the core science that supports their initiatives.


But if, if we are successful with our artificial wounds, and we are quite, we are quite far on that project that, you know, I would not be surprised if eventually you see a, we have to get a mouse first, but if a mouse was, Have you guys had these conversations where you sit down, you go, how does this scale outward? What does this look like? This technology in a hundred years, did we just fuck up? No, I think I, I, I think that if you look at the birthing crisis that, that we're in, in kind of population decline, crisis crisis, I think that you, you look at global, like people having women, having kids later, IVF clinics, people freezing their embryos, all of that's massively on, on, on the inc you know, on the increase it's all going up to the right.


Right. And we also know that like globally, like sperm and fertility and others is going down to the right. Right. So it's not a good look for the future of humanity in general. And so I think though, you know, especially, and then we also have philosophical, and you have religious, you have philosophical, and then you have socio, socio socio issues, right. That people have different perspectives on like having kids, having kids, same ex capitals, all these things. So we at Colossal have kind of made this mandate that we're not gonna work on humans, right. Cause it wasn it's just, it gets too weird. We get asked the Neanderthal and the dinosaur question every fucking day. So we're just not gonna like bridge that gap. What we'll do is spin out those technologies.


But I do think, I do think it is harder to grow a rhino in a artificial womb or exogenous development system than it is a human, not, not ethically or through an FDA process, but I, it is scientifically harder to, to gestate some of the animals. We're trying to gest ex utero. So I do think that some of those technologies could make it eventually into the human popul population. But that's where it gets really weird, right? You, you could create a child with no mother or father. I, I do think that, I think it's about optionality, right? I think that there are certain situations where that would be a blessing. You know, I just had my first kid, so we, you know, we, we did not grow in an artificial womb. Yeah. But I mean the, the, the people that are skeptical about this stuff, this is what they point to.


It's like, what, what is involved in the creation of life? Well, it's been people having sex and then a sperm fertilizes the egg. A child bo is born, they, they raise the child, it gets some of their behavior characteristics, it gets the genetics, and then we integrate it into a community. And there's like, but if you could just make life without any of that, like, what is that? That's the, where's that, You know what I'm saying? Like, No, it's a good, it's a great philoso. How much of the child's development is taking place while it's in the mother And, And it, and Getting those, sharing that Shared experience, that hormonal cues and whatnot.


Yes. I wouldn't have a child that way. Right. What if you're making a sociopath? Like what if you're making a completely empathy? 'cause there's no No empathy, There's no connection. No Connection to people. They come out, out of the gate, Ted Kaczinski all fucked up. Like really? That's a No. It's, it's a fair, it's a fair point. You know, we don't Know what the process is while a baby is inside of a woman's body And there's people that are working on this technology specifically for humans, like right now we are focusing on it for extinct species and endangered animals. Right. What I ask the question was when this scales out Yeah. When you scale out a hundred years from now, like what did you just do? Well, I think, I mean, my biggest thing that I think would be helpful is if, if we had a world where we, like the, if, if Colossal gets ultimate success, I would say that we've successfully rewild animals back into their natural habitat.


We've rev revitalized these mosaic ecosystems that, you know, including, you know, your, your picture of what did the Arctic look like right back in the day. Like, how do we have that? Because that was actually a crazy, if you look at the work that's been done in Lysine Park by Sergei and Nikita Zimov, they've actually shown that rewilding, Northern Siberia with coal tolerant megafauna actually can revitalize the ecosystem. It can add more biodiversity. It can actually keep the ground temperatures colder the winter, so it sequesters more carbon. So I think this eco, this idea of nature-based and living with nature in a ecological, in an ecological model is something that, you know, I hope that we are successful at.


And I hope that, you know, colossals also successful at, you know, removing animals from the, the endangered species list. So what you were talking about, you were talking about Mammoth specifically? Yeah. This study that showed that, yeah, it would help. But They've already done it with like muskox horses and a few other species up there. So they're doing it, they're doing it right now. Right. There's, they, they've been doing it for over 20 years. And there was some talk about eventually doing this with Mammoth and then releasing those mammoth into Siberia. Yeah. Yeah. That was one of the, that was something that, that Larry or that, that Sergey and Nikita Zimov wanted to Do. How long before some Russian oligarch hunts a ma a mammoth. Yeah. I, I mean, look, given the geo, you know, we see, going back to your wolf example, we see boundaries in geopolitical lines.


Right. The animals don't. Right. Right. And so, we'll probably not Rewild our first mam mammoths Siberia for many reasons, But you think you will reil a mammoth. Yeah. I think, you know, our goal, like not to, if you like, if Jamie, if you look at Colossal dot com slash Tasmania, for example, we actually build working groups with folks around, like everyone from academia to private landowners, to indigenous people groups, governments, to understand like, like, we don't have a thine we're we, I think we'll have a thine in the next eight years. And I really do, I think based on where we are current course and speed, there's 70 million years of genetic divergence between a fat tailed done art, which is like a mouse sized marsupial and a wolf.


And, and, and, and this, right. But we actually, and if you just kinda scroll through into the people. So It's a wolf like marsupial. Yeah. Does it, does it actually have a pouch that it It does, it actually also has a backward pouch. So most, most pouches other than like the wombat are forward facing, it has a backwards, which 'cause it was, they think because it was a burrowing, burrowing animal. Oh. So that way you Weren't like, just so protect the babies. Yeah. Like ly suffocate them. God nature's fascinating. But if you scroll down a little bit further, you'll see, and just like, if you just do a quick scroll, you'll see that we actually have gone out and partnered with all these different groups. Even though we don't have ths scenes, we have quarterly meetings in Tasmania around rewilding the thine with, in, in one of the, the groups that we have in involved in it is the logging commission.


So going back to your, you know, how does, how does, how do we live with nature? Kinda like with your example with the cattlemen and the ranchers. Well, the biggest economic driver right now in, in Tasmania is actually the logging commission. So if you think that you're gonna reintroduce an animal back without them or their lobbyists having a, an into the forest without them having a, a perspective, then I think that's just a naive way to look at the world. And so we, going back, like the thine and Mammoth and others, we try to build these working groups in ahead of time so that people can get excited about, you know, You know, what are the challenges, what are the unintended consequences? And that's not our job to persuade them.


It's just our job to kinda listen to them and then figure it out. And, you know, that that approach of like listening to our critics and listening and being inclusive in these communities has helped us, I think, dramatically think through what our rewilding strategies are. So When you have a rewilding strategy, what experts do you bring in to have this discussion of what kind of an impact this could? I mean, you haven't done any rewilding, which be clear to everybody. Yes. They're not releasing dire wolves. Yeah. Dire. And the woolly mice are not getting released. Right, right, right. Yeah. Yes. So this is all theoretically Yes. But if you do have one, what would be the per, what would you look at specifically? How do you take into account all the different species the do you take into account?


Like with a thine particularly? 'cause it's a large predator, the amount of animals it's going to eat. Right. These animals ha are not conditioned. They haven't evolved to be around this thing. It's been, well, so almost a hundred years since the last one was there. So, so on the evolve part, this is actually kind of weird. We're, so, so you do ecological field studies. So you work with ecologists, conservationists, predator experts, like people that understand predation, people that understand the land. So you have to work with these kind of big working groups. We have a project going on right now in Central Tasmania, which is amazing. And this, you know, the old school like Looney Tunes, like ki like Wiley Coyote, where he is like, and he like, goes through a wall and there's like a hall or the Kool-Aid man, right? Yeah. Well, if you had that cutout, we made a cut, we made cutouts and painted them of, of thala scenes, but also of cats and dogs and, and other things, and wolves and other things.


And we put them out near camera traps in central Tasmania. And when we've reviewed the data, you'll have like a qual or a wombat or one of these animals kind of walking through, or, or even a wallaby kinda walking through. And they'll see a cat. They'll see a cat, and they'll kinda look at it when they see, and remember, to your point, this is hundreds, this is for them, is multiple generations. Right. 'cause these animals don't live hundreds of years. And so when they see the cutout and shape and the coloration and size of a thine, they freeze and they absolutely freak out. Wow. Yeah. So we have, we, we've been collecting this data for 18 months when we're publishing a paper on it. That Is so cool. There's, There's like generational trauma Yeah.


That is baked in to their DNA to, to avoid a thine. What's The only way they survive? I mean, without a language to pass down information. Yeah. How, what, you know, it, it makes you wonder like how much of that is in us? Like what, when people have a FIA phobia, you know, or ach phobia Yeah. Fear of snakes and spiders. Like what is that from like, 'cause it's crippling. I've seen people that have crippling fear of spiders. Yeah. Where it doesn't even make any sense. Well, they probably, somebody got almost killed by a spider and that's inside of them. Right. You know that those genes passed on and then you see a spider and you freak out. Yeah. They freak out, man. Yeah. We, when I was doing Fear factor, we had, if we found out that someone had a fierce spiders or a fierce snakes, guess what?


That Was on the for show. That's on the show. Yeah. That's like me and Heights. It's like every, every episode you had back in the day heights. That's 'cause you're smart. Yeah. It's like fucking terrifying. I'm like, that's terrifying. Yeah. Whenever I'm in a fucking hotel and I'm on like the 50th floor. Yeah. Like, Why, why? Yeah, why? So I don't have like road noise. And I'm like, but it's gonna be really hard to get outta here. It's so sketchy. Yeah. It's so scary. It's just like, the building moves a little bit when it, it's windy. Yeah. Fuck all this. I saw my toilet Water shaking the Other day. Fuck That. Here. Yeah. Jamie. Oh yeah. I live up high. He lives way up high. Jamie sends me pictures from his house. I freak out. Like, no, No, I can't. No, no, no, no. I, I wouldn't. I just, I like to be on the ground. I like to be On the ground. Well, I hate flying too. Which, which sucks 'cause I fly.


Yeah. I don't, I fly all the time just Counting on these fucking screws and bolts and Shit. Yeah. Yeah. Because, because like, the worst is like, when you're sitting there and there's now been like these renders of planes that have like glass or plexiglass. I'm like, I don't wanna see that. Yeah. I want, like, I get mad if I get on a plane and the people don't shut the windows. So I was like, I don't EI I'm in the bolt. I'm, I'm in the tube. Yeah. Close on. Fired. I just, I just wanna go. Yeah. I get just 'cause if you think about the point where you're sitting in a chair and then you look down and you have a floor, you're like that. That's not, there's not that much. There's like 10,000 feet, you know, three, 3000 feet below me. It, When you see something like the one that happened in Canada where the plane flipped upside down to you, just like that. You can't get that one outta your head. A Delta Airlines life.


Yeah. Yeah. It wasn't like, yeah. Whoopsies crazy airline that you've never heard of Was a person who was not that good at flying and kind of recent. Yeah. Like, Hey, yeah. Hire someone better. Yeah. This is crazy and crazy. And I go to DC a decent amount. And so like the whole DC thing, like absolutely freak me out. Oh yeah. Yeah. Because I sometimes I, I stay at some of those hotels that are right on the river. And you see the choppers fly. You see the choppers fly. You see the choppers That DC one. But Look how much the water's shaking at This pool. Oh yeah. Do you see the one in Thailand? This is, this is where it was. Oh. Did you see the water that's flying off the roofs in Thailand? Yeah, in the, in the, in the Flying off the roofs where you see like, from the ground, it looks like it's raining. It's crazy. Anyways.


Yeah. Whoa. Those that is, that would be the last day I would spend in that fucking room. Yeah. You're out. Like, that's it. It's like, if I saw Done bye bye If I saw a ghost, I'm like, all right, I'm moving. Yeah. Bye bye. Maybe, maybe the ghost is cool. I'm not totally scared of ghosts. 'cause I don't think ghost have ever killed anybody. You know, I'm scared of thine. I'm not scared of thine. I'm not, they started off the size of a grain of rice. I'm not. It's gotta be really nice to 'em. Tow does everything. It's Kinda like ai. You gotta be really nice to it. Yes. I, I I, I saw a great gift. I saw this, this, this great image on, on X the other day that is like, it's got all the robots lining up to kill humans. And it's like, no, not this one. It said thank you in its request. Oh boy. So I was like, I'm gonna be very nice on all of my requests on crock.


Well I have a weird situation going on at my house. 'cause I have chickens, but I eat chicken and I don't eat the chickens that I have. I eat their eggs. Yeah. But they're cute. I'm like, Hey girls, what's up ladies? Yeah. Like I have no desire to harm them. Yeah. I try to protect them. If I'm driving on the driveway and one of 'em is in the middle of the driveway, I have to be very slow and let her cross. And, but I eat chicken. Did You see that study that that came out a couple weeks ago that having two eggs? Oh, I, I, I'm gonna get the numbers wrong, but you have two eggs. If you have at least two eggs a week, that it lowers the probability of Alzheimer's by like 47%. Yeah. It turns out Alzheimer's connected to a lot of stuff that's in your diet Around inflammation.


Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Unfortunately they're, they're saying that Gary said it was, I think it was Gary that was telling me that he thought it was like, And it iss now becoming a more popular belief that it's diabetes type three. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. I've heard that. So, which is really weird to think of it that way. But it's just, there's so much, I mean obviously you know this now because you're on a health path. Yeah. You know, and you feel much better. I feel incredible. I mean, I just, isn't It nuts how many people are just running around out there feeling like shit? Well, I was, I was, I mean, part of the reason I started Colossal, I mean, I told you the story about how I got with George, but before that I built a handful of different technology companies. My last company was a satellite software and defense company.


And was building it, running it. And this was in early late 20, 20 19, early 2020. I had to be in Tokyo and I had to be in Shanghai. So I came back, I went to CES, the big consumer electronic show in, in Vegas. Saw everyone in the world. Right. That's there. 'cause it's stupid big week and a half later I'm in NASA Marshall with the director there. 'cause we were doing some work for NASA at the time at my last company. And I was with one of my number two, my number two of the company. This guy named Greg, who's our chief strategy officer. We, he was coughing. He wasn't feeling well. We both were kind of feeling like shit. It was like, oh, we've been on the road a lot. We've been drinking. We came back on a Friday, on Friday night we had, we were going back on Slack around talking about aliens and shit.


And then the next day I got a call from his wife that he had a sudden cardiac event. Oh Jesus. And so that for me was a big wake up call. 'cause I got really sick during Covid. Like I was on that early strain of, of Covid. And there's definitely multiple strains. I don't care what anyone tells you. There's definitely multiple things that came outta the thing. And, and, and so I got super, super sick and you know, I I, I now rarely drink. I rarely have caffeine. You know, I've, I've kind of tried to cut out stuff. I exercise regularly and looking at all these things that people think are weird or, or that used to be weird or alternative. Like, you know, a dry sauna, a cold plunge, red light. I, I do that every day now. Every day. Every day. Yeah. That's beautiful.


That's awesome. Awesome man. You're lifting weights too. Yeah. Lifting weights on a regimen. Everything That's so important. Yeah. So important. And I tell people, it's not even a vanity thing. Don't do it. 'cause you want big muscles. Preserve your tissue. Yeah. Preserve your bone mass. Well, I mean, I, I don't wanna be a, like I now have a nine month old son. Right, right. And he like wants to hang out and, you know, he's gonna get bigger and if I can't pick him up. Right. That's a sad day. Right. You know, and I, I I've kind of gotten this mindset of like, you know, I see people that are older that are in wheelchairs or can't walk. It's like, it's kind of a blessing to walk. It Is. So, so like why, why would I squander that blessing? Yeah. Why would I not like lean into it and make sure that when I'm 90 I can walk. Yeah. It's a blessing to be healthy.


It's a blessing. I mean it's just, we're we're so concerned about our day-to-day existence Yeah. That we lose track of this big picture. Yeah. You have the opportunity to do something that if it wasn't possible, you would wish it was possible. And that is get healthier. Like if it wasn't possible, if we just existed in a state and whatever that state was, there's no medicine that could fix it. There's no exercise that could fix it. Diet doesn't change it. Yeah. This is just who you are as a being. And it goes away. But that's not even remotely true. It's actually the opposite. There's, there's friends that I have that are my age and they look like they're my dad. Yeah. And that's, that's 'cause they've been drinking and smoking and, and sleeping late and fucking off their whole life.


And no exercise at all. And your body deteriorates. Yeah. And I'm, I'm not like, I'm on the journey. I'm not at the end. Right. It is a constant journey. I'm on The journey. We're all on the journey. There's no end. But Since I started working with Gary, like I did, have you, have you seen this function test? Have you done the function test? What Is the function test? It's like function health. It's like a, it's just a suit. It's just all, if you go to your doctor, like I do quarterly blood work, but then I also then do this, the function test, which is just a massively all encompassing test blood. It's like two tests twice a year. And, and so I, I do that test. And after working with Gary for a while, you know, now my, my biological age or my actual age is, is 43. My, my biological age is 35.


That's amazing. Which, and It's just been working for a year with, with Gary. Taking the right supplements, getting the right routine. Yeah. Giving myself nutrients, you know, I buy, and you can actually taste a difference. Right. Like if you go to a store and get a steak or chicken, you and, and you, even if it's like free range and all that shit, it tastes great. It, it tastes better than like something that you buy just that's, that's terrible at a, at a, at a store. But when you order from some of these like true like Amish places and, and places that have actually like, grown the food like completely natural that is doesn't have just a fake pre-purchase certified organic. You can taste the difference in the nutrient density. It, it's in, it's insane. You Have, you have a lot of wild game.


Yeah. So that's what I order now. So I order a bunch of, so I do elk steaks. I do, I do a lot of steaks from this farm that, that Gary recommended to me. It's just great. Is it bison? Do they have bison As well? They do have bison have bison too. Yeah. It's Parker pastures just, just fantastic. Like when I have a, a steak from these guys. Like it's been it like you can taste it. Yes. And I've had, I've had like my brother-in-law and my, my father-in-law had friends. I was like, I was like, no, no, we're gonna try these steaks outta the freezer. And I was like, we're not like, we're not just gonna buy something. Well, It looks different. It looks different. Yeah. It looks like the color each, Like you get a pink steak from the grocery store. Yeah. Which is fine. You cook it, it tastes great. But if you get a grass fed, grass finished steak like this, like Grass finished. Hundred percent. A lot of ranches out here. Yeah.


You know, Texas is a great place. And there's a lot of ranches out here that use regenerative agriculture and they sell the animals that they kill. Yeah. And it's like a dark red meat. Yeah. It looks completely different. But they taste Yeah. Tastes Different. The ta you want to eat more of it. Yeah. Like, I feel full, but I want to finish it. And I also feel like I'm like, my body likes this because it's getting shit that it hasn't even been getting You feel better when you eat it. Yeah. Like, you literally feel energized. Yeah. You know, I've given people elk before. Yeah. And one of the things I say is like, do I have so much energy? I'm like, yeah. Yes. Welcome to my world. Yeah. It's awesome. Yeah. It it, it is, it is so great. But that was in the early days of, of Colossal, that was one of the things that we got asked by, by like heads of state.


Like not, not by like, you know, just random people. Random people on the internet too. Mostly like, like some people at large, at different locations. They were like, can we eat them? Can we eat a mammoth? What's it taste like? That was like, that question came up faster than we thought. Jesus Christ. And this is in the, I know that was in the first people were so weird. They like, they just don't it. I Imagine wanting to eat something that's been extinct for 10,000 years. You just bring it back and that's what, not even yet. Yeah. And and that was the first question. Can I eat this? Yeah. Yeah. I won't. Wooly mamo mistake my friend. It was also domestic. Like the question happened Domestically. Oh, domestic. Yeah. Like people, people in very big states. Psycho. I know they have too much money. Yeah. Fucking psychos. Yeah. It's, it's been, it's it's been, go Buy a car, you retards.


It's been very don't Want to eat a mammoth. That's so crazy. We get the d we get that. We get, we get so many weird questions. Well, we get the dinosaur question. The probably the number one question we get is, is the dinosaur question. Do you think if they brought, if Jurassic Park, if Spielberg did it today, they'd have feathers. We know that some dinosaurs had feathers. We know some had hair, like, hair like kind of precursive feathers. And we know some that were just scaly. We we have preserves of them. We we can see Yeah. In the fossil record whether they had it. Right. Have you seen the one that's in the Montana University? There's a university in Bozeman that has a museum. Isn't the university, it might just be a museum.


Yeah. But when I was visiting there a few years back, they have a, like a raptor and one side of the raptor is feathered and the other side is like Jurassic Park. Yeah. Like scaly. And you know, you look at it and you go, oh, it just like, oh, that's a fucking, it's a bird. Yeah. Like, now it makes sense. Like it makes more sense. Yeah. When it's little stupid arms, like, makes more sense. It's a bird. I mean, have you seen the Watson? No. Can we, can we pull up a Watson? So this is a bird that lives today in the Amazon. And it, it is Watson, it's called, or Hoen, I think it's called. I know how you spell it, but it's like H-O-A-T-Z-E-N or something like that. We, we can find it. Yeah. Apparently it also smells terrible.


But if you click, if you type in Oh yeah. It's, it's the hoen. And then if you click in and find a baby picture, it's got these little creepy hands. It looks like a, it looks like kind of like a bird, like dinosaur. We, we did the geno on this for fun, so Oh yeah. You can see it. It's like, it, it climbs. So before it ever climbs, it actually climbs up everything. Well, and you look at an Eagle's talon, you know, like, what the hell is that? And Then it evolves. Like if you, the the first kind of like quote unquote dinosaur bird out there. It actually, yeah. It crawls, it crawls like it doesn't fly. You know, most birds just sit there with their little like wing nubs and just don't do anything.


These guys actually climb. What about terror birds? Oh yeah. This was scary. That's a crazy animal. Yeah. Like what the hell was that thing? Yeah. And that was, what was that? How many years ago did those things go extinct? Oh, those Millions. Millions, right. Yeah. So the oldest DNA that we have is about 1.5 million years old. That's It. Yeah. So Dinosaurs are outta the picture. So, so you can, a guy you should talk to you about. Not that, but that's interesting is Kenneth Lavaro, he discovered the four largest dinosaurs of all time, including dread ns, which is just, it's the, it's the craziest thing ever. And going back to dread knot, dread naus, and going back to the issues that, what Is dread ns? Oh, dread N is amazing.


So I don't know if it'll take That. Whoa. What? Imagine, imagine if it did that. What cool colors. Yeah, It was So it's the plan. Yeah. Yeah. It's a plan. It's seven seventh. But, but going Back it's almost as big as a 7 37. That's so crazy. Going back to this crazy notion of museums. He found it in Argentina and he, he like, he's ama Kenneth LaVar, he's amazing. He found it in Argentina, discovered the species named the species. And he brought it, he he brought it to New Jersey to do all the modeling and all that. The government changed and they yanked it back.


You, you know, the old school, like the end of Raiders of the lost art. Oh, that's where it's, it's basically in a warehouse. So it's on display for people in a museum. It's literally, this, this goes back to some of these, these governments in these museums. It's literally like not on, it's in a bunch of crates in Western Argentina. Really? Yeah. And it's like the coolest thing ever. This is, yeah. So yeah. That's lava's lab. And so, but it, but it's, it's truly, truly amazing. So with these, like, that's one of the things about dinosaurs in museums, right? Like a lot of them, they've created artificial bones to fill in the blanks. Yeah. Fill in a lot of the blanks. Sometimes they'll get like a jawbone and they're like, and here's the reconstruction.


Right? Yeah. It's weird because you go to see it and you think you're going to see a, a dinosaur bone And it's only a, a percentage complete. Yeah. And sometimes they're real clever and sometimes they're not. Like sometimes they'll, it'll be different colors for the real bone. Yeah. Versus, and you're like, how much of this do you Have? And they're like, 4%. Yeah. How did you guess what it looked like? Like, and a lot of the images, like of like the soft tissue overlay, like when they take the bones and then they create an animal out of it. Like, have you ever seen like what, like rabbits look like if you take away their Yeah. They did this with like whales and stuff. They look absolutely. If you look at crazy, they look like the scariest things ever. And then you put a whale in there and you're like, oh, that's not the worst thing. Yeah. For whales, you see them and you look at 'em and you're like, oh, they're sweet.


Yeah. Woo. Just chilling in the water. But if you see them with the teeth and everything, and just the skeleton And the skeleton, it looks like it looks a monster. Like an alien monster. Yeah. Like an alien monster. Yeah. So I wonder what we were looking at. There was a, there was a one species that we don't have DNA for that would be amazing to bring back because the ecological benefit is there was a giant beaver. Yeah, A giant beaver Sounds amazing and stupid. It says, When did that thing die off? I don't know. It'd probably have to be it. It would probably be in the late lysine. One of the things I learned through Ella is that at the founding of this country in the early days, the richest man in the world was selling beaver pelts. Oh really? And it was the richest guy in the world.


Yeah. Oc Here. The pleistocene, Well, on the dinosaur boat. So This beaver, giant beaver, enormous bear sized beaver that lived in North America during the Pleistocene. Wow. So when did these die off? What year? What was the ply? 16. Officially. So about 13,000 years ago. It could have been the same thing 12,000 Years ago. Wow. So it probably died off with During that same American lion and all that other stuff. And you know, the, the pronghorn, you know the whole story about that? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Yeah. That's why they were so fast. Oh, For, because the American lion, No American cheetah. American cheetah. Like they're the last of these animals. They're a bizarre animal. Have you ever seen one in real life?


Never Seen one in Real life. I've only seen it through binoculars. I've never seen one, you know, on the ground real close. I've only seen it from a few hundred yards away. But when you look at images of them, they have insane eyesight. They have almost 360 degree vision. Their eyes are on the side of their heads. Yeah. Pictures Literal way by. And they can run 55 miles an hour. That's amazing. And the reason why they could run so fast is 'cause they were getting chased by cheetahs that don't exist anymore. Yeah. So the cheetahs died off in the younger dry impact theory or whatever happened. But these pronghorn antelopes remain and they are, there's nothing like them in terms of speed. That's awesome. Like, it's really bizarre because they're a remnant of an older past. Right. Where they had to be that fast to avoid the predators.


But the predators are gone. They remain. Yes. Can anything catch 'em now? Nothing. Once they're done, like once they're grown, good fucking luck. They have insane eyesight. But you know, one of the ways that people hunt them, they're really dumb. One of the ways people hunt them is on horse packs. Like, that dog has zero chance, but the cheetah, the cheetahs, were chasing these motherfuckers down. So it's like another, you know, different kind of antelope, but a super fast. They're quite a bit faster I bet. Than these antelope. They're crazy fast. There's like nothing like them in North America. That's awesome. But the vision, these things have gimme a, a photo of one of their head's. Pronghorns eyes.


They're so weird looking. They look archaic. Like if you, if you see their face, they don't look like they, it looks like they're from another time. It Sounds like from a Star Wars movie. Yeah. They look like they're from another time. Yeah. And they are, they're Literally on the side there. Yeah. They, this is what would've been so amazing to like, look at what the earth looked like, you know, 12,000 years Ago. It is, it is cool. Like America, Like To, to your point, when you travel and you go to these different places where you have that're truly more remote. Right. And I'm not just talking about like Yellowstone, but you know, like when you've said like going to Kruger National Park or looking at some of these places in Africa, when you go to Central Tasmania, it's almost like a weird Disney movie.


Like, like at dusk you've got like a kid hiss running around and you've got wallabies jumping, jumping through. Wow. And they all just come through and you're like, like, it's like that scene in like Ace Ventura right. Where he sings and like, everything fucking comes to him. And I, and like, I remember the first, I was like, this isn't real. Like, are these anima? Like there's no way, there's this much life in biodiversity and it's all, And it was all just like, you know, the kidds are running, the wallabies are are jumping. You've got like wombats like kind of like kind of scurrying along and you're just like, there's all these weird dumb animals that are just excited. You know, they're so strange to us. Right? Yeah. In terms of like how we think about them. 'cause you never see them, but then there's just like this insane plethora of them. They're just so many.


It's crazy. Well, I wonder what would be different had the thine survived. So they say It was kind of the only thing that was, it was, It was the only apex predator for Tasmania in lower Australia. And have you seen a Tasmanian devil in person? Not in person. They're Awesome. They're They look cool as shit. Yeah. They're cool as shit. They're awesome. They're pack they eat in these little packs. And the, the reason why they call 'em Tasmanian devils is because they make the weirdest. I mean, they, they make sound. Yeah. If I heard the sounds that they make, if you're out in the woods and you hear that sound, you're like, th this is a mo this is Sasquatch. This is crazy. Yeah. They're they're crazy. Yeah. See if you can hear some, I just Referred to Azzie as beared devils due to this superficial Resent little cute face.


You find them eating. They just sound terrible. Find Tasmanian tiger noises. I don't think You know what they make. Or excuse me, Tasmanian devil noises. Sorry. Sorry. Not. Have You seen this video though? I have. Yeah. We can go to that in a second too. I just wanna hear this. Look at that fucker. Look at this fake. So cool. And, and so they, so they're, they're part of the reason why they're, But that, that isn't that terrifying heard That, you know, they give each other cancer. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Yeah. That's, and many of the researchers in Tasmania and Australia think that if the thine was there, because this is where people give wolves and thine and predators bad, but they go after the, there's an energy expenditure ratio.


Right. They're not just sitting there grazing. They're not getting sedentary. They have to go make the kill. They have to decide, I'm gonna go kill stuff. So they kill the young. So they're thinning out the weakest. They they kill the old, then they kill the sick. A an environment that has the right balance of predator and prey is a healthier ecosystem, including for those prey species. Right. And all data that we've seen on the thala scene suggests that they actually ate kind of that mezzanine level of, of marsupial. And so many people believe that the facial tumor disease would not, if you've see it's a it. I know if you show it's disgusting. It's really gross. Yeah. But that facial, what Is that? What are we looking at here? Here? Oh, feeding frenzy. Yeah. It's Like three word 60.


Oh, gimme some volume. It's doing it right in front of people too, which is crazy. They might be talking all the time. Yeah. I fed 'em like this. It's crazy. Here they go. They just not scared. Watch How fast, fast they Are capable Of consuming you. They're like piranhas in the world. These Are Tasmanian devils. The only carnivorous marsupial that we have ever featured on camera and next to Tasmanian. It's so cool that they're not remotely scared of people. Yeah. Oh, they, they don't even notice you're there. It's crazy. So if you feed them like this, you can put a, a piece of wild Whose video is this? Jeremy Coyote Peterson's. Yeah. Brave Wilderness Is the channel. Okay. Look at these little fuckers going and Then they just make these sounds. But they often get into fights and that fighting Oh yeah.


They're fighting is when they, that's when they do the transmission. I know. Say Go right in the middle of the devil fight. You know, I mean like, Wow. But they literally scratch and bite each other. And then they, they transmit this. It's the only transmissible cancer that we know of. So then it, it latches onto the next face through biting. And, and the th and if you see an animal with a, a, a Tasmanian devil with a facial tumor disease, and you see them like they, they can't walk. Well, they can't really see. Well those are the animals that would be picked off by predators first. Right. And so they, so there's a big movement within Tasmanian in lower Australia, Southern Australia that if we could reintroduce a predator being the thine it would eat.


Oh, I can't even look it. Oh God. It's rough. We're we're looking for people listening. We're looking at tumors on Tasmanian devil's faces. Yeah. Which just terrible. What I mean, that was a perfect inspiration for a comic book character or for a cartoon character, rather. The Tasmanian Devil. Yeah. Tasmanian devil. Yeah. He was amazed. I mean, they're, they're like, they'll be sitting there not making those sounds. They start eating or they get threatened and they make those death sounds. You are, you are a, it is a ter because it, if you've never heard it before in person, it just catches you by surprise And it like blows you away. So I was, it was a pretty weird experience person like that. Yeah. I I'd imagine That's such a cool little animal. So the idea of ultimately eventually releasing thine, how would that be done and what kind of study would have to be done?


Because you're, you're talking about all these animals that come out, look at all the animals. That probably won't be the case if you reintroduce south houses. They'll Start No, they will start It out and they'll separate. It'll achieve a balance. Yeah. It'll achieve a balance. So they've done a lot, essentially keep people up date on Australia. Most people don't know that they've introduced cats. So house cats, you want some water? Yeah, I some there they introduce house cats, like just feral house cats in Australia to combat certain species and they start decimating all the other species ground Nesting. Right. It, it's literally the worst. It it's literally the number one mammalian extinction rates in Australia. Two cats. Right. And it's because it's an invasive species. Would that be a problem?


That would be, would there be a similar problem if you reintroduce the Tasmanian tiger? Would there be potentially, would you have to reintroduce other species if they make 'em extinct? Like this is a cascade? The good news about the Tasmanian in the Southern Australia ecosystems is they're mostly intact. Right. Hopefully they'd eat the cats. The, if you talk to most people in Australia, they hate cats outside of the cats that they actually own. Yeah. They actually hate cats because of what they're doing to small marsupials. They're actually looking at technologies like gene drives and others to get rid of, to fully eradicate cats that are, that are wild non-domestic cats. Yeah. People hunt them. Yeah, people hunt them. Like you have a, I have a good buddy of mine, Adam Greentree, and they have this magazine, it's like a Bow Hunter magazine in Australia.


Yeah. And he gave me a copy of it. I was reading on a plane and this guy's holding up a dead cat. Yeah. He shot with a bow. And it, I'm like, Hey man. Like, what the fuck are, You know, they, they, it is, They hold him up like trophies. Well, Because it's, it's a huge problem, right? Yeah. And it goes back to the invasive species. One of the projects that we're working on with the thine, 'cause we like to pair every de-extinction with the species preservation is, have you ever seen a northern coal? No. What is that? Northern qu it, it, it, it kind of looks like a man or like a ferret, but way prettier. It's amazing. How do you spell it? Q-U-O-L-L. Yeah. Oh. I mean, they're, they're absolutely beautiful. They're absolutely, I mean, their coats are beautiful, but they're another type of car, car marsupial. But, you know, a hundred years ago or so, they got, we as humanity introduced cane toads.


Have you ever seen a cane toad? It's like the job of the hu I mean, it looks fucking evil, right? Oh Yeah. They're Monsters. And so we introduced, we as humanity introduced cane toads into Australia and, and they have a neurotoxin. Well, guess what? Most quals and small marsupials love to eat frogs and toads. And so, oh no, this is actually, I think about our work. This actually is about our work. And so, no, this is maybe actually, I think this is part of our work. And what, what we've done is, if you go back to, to your point about co-evolving and evolution. If you go back to southern Aus to South America, where cane toads evolved along snakes and mice and, and, and other, you know, small mammals, they cane toads all day long and they don't die of the neurotoxin.


They don't like completely like stroke out and die, which is what happens in, in Northern Australia. And so the cane toads are, they reproduce in an insane rate. They're having like thousands of babies. They're making more and more of them. So guess what? More and more cane or more and more coals than others are eating these cane toads and dying. So what we did is we actually did a study where we understood what are the genes in the mammals and snakes even in, in South America that make them cane toe toxin resistant. And, and here's what we found. This, this is amazing. One letter and three and a half billion base pairs. So one letter, a one letter change conferred had no other, you know, deteriorate had no other effects that were negative.


And it cre created a 5,000 times resistance to cane toad. Wow. So we, so because, you know, coals are endangered and we don't wanna work in endangered species. First you wanna start with a more model species. We worked in the fat tail dunnart, which is our model species for the thine. And, and we engineered dunnarts that in dunnart cells and dunnarts that can eat cane toad tissues and have zero effect has zero effect on them where it would typically kill them. And so now we're in the next phase of trials showing that we want to enter, we like to engineer in this, this one edit into Coles. Because if Coles would've, would've, most likely through this concept of convergent evolution, if you would've put the coal next to the kto, they would've co-evolved together.


They probably would've had that resistance already built into them through nature. Wow. And so that's showing the power of this concept of genetic engineering in, in biotech, in conservation. And so then you could like make these super corals that eat the cane toads. And then not only does that help the population lower the population of cane toads, it has this ha and help the, the population of the corals. But it also has a halo effect to all these other marsupials that we don't know how many are dying from eating cane toads. I hope you don't have to bring.


This episode is brought to you by carnivores snacks. You know, I'm all about authentic fuel. And carnivores snacks delivers made with just two ingredients, pure meat and Redmond real salt. It isn't your typical jerky full of additives or heavy marinades. You get exactly what you pay for nutrient dense, 100% grass fed beef that tastes real. These aren't cheap, tough cuts like you might expect. Carnivore snacks uses prize selections like Ribeye and New York Strip offering a unique texture that's a perfect blend of slight chew and an airy crisp. Each five ounce bag begins with nearly a full pound of meat before drying, make it robust enough to serve as a full meal or as just a snack. I bring 'em to the UFC all the time. It's what I eat when I'm there and I'm stuck sitting at the, the desk for six hours and I bring 'em for Daniel Cormier too. We both love them. Plus Carnivore Snacks is a Pro America brand supporting US farmers who practice regenerative agriculture, a method that restores soil nutrients and boost ecosystems. And that means better meat for you, better care for the animals, and better land stewardship. Visit www.carnivoresnacks.com, that snacks with an X to pick up your favorite cuts of meat today and use the Code Rogan for 15% off your first purchase.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Tax season is always stressful. You have to worry about filing on time, making sure you have all the right documents and getting all the deductions you possibly can. It's overwhelming. And by now, I know we're all sick of looking at numbers, but here's an important one that you should hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much money in refunds the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Here's another 20%. That's the overall increase in identity theft related tax fraud in 2024 alone. So luckily it isn't all bad news. Here's the good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialists will fix it. That's backed by another good number. The million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face identity theft and financial losses alone. There's strength in numbers with LifeLock identity theft protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use the promo code jr e or go to lifelock.com/jr e for 40% off terms apply


and big toads to eat the coals. You know, You ever seen, you know, a bad, You know what I'm saying? Have you seen those, those, those toads and frogs that like latch out and like they'll eat anything in front of 'em? Yes. Yeah. They're terrifying. Yeah. I've seen one, there was a, a giant, there was a giant one of those toads back in like, I know, thousands of years ago. How big was it? I Don't know. You, you can, I've seen a pic, a a 3D render of it And it like grabs like, you know, deers and stuff. It's crazy. Whoa. Yeah, we've played videos of toads eating mice. I had no idea. Yeah. So before I saw those videos only a few years ago. I had no idea toads are just eat mice. Yeah. It's crazy. So they put 'em in this bin with a bunch of mice and this toad is just going ham, just snatching mice up and Swallowing. You know, just, and and you'd think that they're just sitting there docile and then they just Absolutely, yeah.


They throw their whole bodies At it. They sit there, they, they have the creepiest dead eyes. They're just machines to eat. Yeah. You ever seen them fight with each other? That's pretty wild too. They bite each other's heads and they throw each other through the air. Yeah. I've seen, I've seen them toss each other. Imagine You're fighting with a dude and he literally bites half your torso and throws you through the air and they, and they don't even look like it bothered them. Yeah. Land. That's just, that's just part of the fight. That's totally like within the rules. That's What creeps me out about reptiles. There's this lack of emotions. Like at least a wolf has emotions. Yeah. You know, it's like there's something going on there. There's an intelligence. There's something really creepy about getting eaten by something stupid. Like a crocodile. Yeah, Yeah. Like, like a crocodile or like a toad.


There's a thing about crocodiles that people were suspecting, but it turns out to not be true. That they would lie on their back and put their arms in the air. Oh yeah. Pretend like to simulate drowning. Yeah, I saw that video. Apparently that's not what they're doing. Apparently that's a normal characteristic that they do. But stupid. But stupid. But from a natural selection perspective, stupid people were like, I have to save that. Yeah. I gotta go save that dude. And then we credit the crocodile for being super smart, but in reality just got a free meal. Yeah. Well you would think though, if they have gotten those meals before that, that would be a learned behavior. I mean, just makes, they do have some learned behavior. I have a friend, his name's Jim Shockey, he's a professional hunter and he was actually hired to go into Africa and hunt crocodiles that were killing all these people in this village.


Like they're actively targeting people in this village. Yeah. And when he went to the village, everybody was like missing a foot, had a chunk taken outta their leg. Yeah. And while he was there, a crocodile took a woman who was washing clothes. So what they had done was they'd set up this area by the water where they had driven these stakes in the ground that would prevent the crocodiles from getting in the water and getting really close to the edge. You know, because you can't see them in the water and then they just explode out and snatch you up. Yeah. These fucking crocodiles went around the fence. They walked around the fence and slid into the water. I believe it's crazy. So they figured out that these people are in this area that they can't get to. So they they hunt people. Yeah, they they absolutely do.


And it, it's weird how some of those, it, it's very strange as we start to study, 'cause like one of the things that Colossal is doing is we're studying a lot of what's called non-model species. So we're learning a lot about weird things that we just didn't know. There's some things that are known, like in el like elephants get cancer, a fraction of what they should due to an overexpression of a gene called P 53. So there's this thing called Petos paradox, where based on age and body weight, both blue whales and elephants get cancer a fraction of, of, of what they probably should based on how old they get and what their body size is. And they actually, that actually makes our lives very difficult. And that's why we had to create stem cells for elephants. Because anytime we try to, we had to figure out how to regulate P 53.


Because anytime you go to edit that one cell, it just says, looks like a mutation could be cancer kill cell. Right? It's like programmed in. Oh. So we have to be able to, we have to be able to turn that down. 'cause we're in the editing phase on the mammoth project. Right? So we, there's about 85 genes, but If you turn that down, does that, that make them more susceptible to cancer? And so you gotta turn it back up after you make the edits. So, whoa. Yeah. So, so these are the things that you just, that we are learning about. I'm not that lady doctor, that lady scientist. You guys are doing something you shouldn't be doing. No, We're learning about things. Right. We're learning about things. Right. I'm kidding, but I'm not kidding. If I was her, I would probably have the same opinion. Yeah. I'd probably say, especially if I found out you guys weren't really scientists. I'm like, what are you doing? Yeah. Why are you doing this? Well, I, I mean, the good news is about Colossal is that, you know, outside of our 17 academic partners and, and our 95 scientific advisors, 90% of the company scientists, there's very few.


Like, I I fall in the very few, I'm kind of kidding about You're not scientists, but not, I'm definitely not scientist. I'm not, I'm not kidding about the technology getting into someone else's hands. Yeah. And this is where it gets weird. Like China, Russia, some other, It's it, And it is, it's, it is getting weird. Like CRISPR and these genome engineering tools are outside of the bot are, they're out. It's, it's like the genie outta the bottle. Right? It's like it's out there. You can't put it back in. I think that more and more people in other countries are gonna be doing things with these two, these technologies for humans. That's why Colossal just said, we will never do anything for humans. If someone else wants to use our technologies for humans, we'll evaluate it. But that Gets so weird, right? Like the China story, you can't explain to people what, what they did. They, they, they said they were inoculating them from HIV, which is Yeah.


They, they actually were engineering, they were engineering babies in, in editing their embryos to confer a resistance to HIV now, still to this day. So they, they were cloning them and then they were genetically modifying them. And so they're doing lots of things that are, there's a general moratorium in the world on some of these things around humans, anything that's considered a germline edit. So anything that could be passed on to the next generation. Right. So things, so if you, if you, if you engineer something into the genome, the fear is, you know, from a germline, so any, all your cells in your body are somatic cells except for your like agro sperm. Those are germ cells. So anything that could be affected into the germline so that you pass it on to the next generation that could be like, you know, umbrella corporation type moment.


Right. Right. We don't want that. Well, The, the scary thing was they didn't just do that. They also edited something that would allow the child to have much higher intelligence. Well, so that part's like that, that part's quoted under, under debate. There's people that say that happened. There's people that say it doesn't happen if you look at BGI or Beijing Genomics Institute. Right. They did this thing that from an affairs perspective was brilliant, from an affairs perspective is also terrifying. During Covid. They're like, we'll do all the covid testing for you free. We'll do all this covid testing for you for free. No worries. Just send us your data. We'll do it all for free. You, you just wanna help the world. Right. We'll work with the World Health Organization. Just send us all your samples from all your countries.


Everything. And publicly, the CEO of BGI has said, which is funded by the ccp, has said that they would, that they are looking at genes with humans. They are looking at what makes humans more intelligent. They, they don't shy away from this. This is not like some, you know, conspiracy. Like, they're like, is it a Sasquatch or is it just a man in a ape suit? This is something that is very real. They are openly saying, we are sequencing as much as we can of the world population looking for genes for intelligence. And we will act on that. Like, that's not a hidden thing. So that, that is the problem. But they supposedly did with these children, supposedly.


How old are these kids now? I I mean, that would've, when did that happen? It was 19. Yeah. So they've been like six or seven. Oh, and are they already winning chess championships? Yeah. So I'm not, we should find out. Yeah. We should find out mag. Those Kids are probably in a lab somewhere with a headset on. Yeah. I I Teaching 'em how to be psychic. I don't what what, I don't know how public, it's like, because it was also one of those weird things that was like, he's in trouble, he's going to jail. Yeah. And then He is like, and then he got out and then He is out. Yeah. All forget He's a good guy. Yeah. But meanwhile, if you go to jail in China, you fucking vanish Forever. Yeah. Yeah. Except for this guy. This guy. You're making iPhones until you drop dead of starvation. Yeah. It's it is, it is. It's a hundred percent true.


And, and so it is weird that like, he got in trouble for a few months. Right. And he got in trouble for something they probably told him to do in the first place. Well, they funded his lab. His lab was, his lab was, was funded by the, And this is what we found out about. I guarantee you there's some shit that they're doing somewhere that we haven't found out about yet. And if you were gonna do something with human beings and create a super soldier, you know, we know that. Well, that's what separate us. Separates us. That Separates us. You know what Russia was attempting to do during, was it World War I or World War ii? They were trying to make a chimpanzee human hybrid for war. Oh, I saw that. I read about that for War. Yeah. Yeah. A chimp human hybrid for war. Well, There's been a recent publication out of Japan where they're allowing Japanese soldier or Japanese scientists to edit human cells in embryos with mammalian genes.


With other mammalian gene. Like what kind of jeans? Like will and mammoth jeans in a person. No, we are not doing that. People ask us if we could solve ball hair loss with wooly mammoths. That would be the first thing people want. Yeah. Hair loss. Next thing. Bigger dicks. Yeah. It, Those are consistent questions. Well, You can engineer once a person's already born, right? Well, you can, you can't with the current technology. You Can with the current technology. Like, so, so being able to send stuff to specific gene therapies and targeting it, being able to deliver specifically to cells is an area that we're getting better at. Like, I think one of the, probably the most, I think that one of the pro the projects that's the furthest along is around like sickle cell anemia. It's a single CRISPR knockout, right?


So it's a single knockout. It's not multiplex editing. And now it's about can you target that in all of the tissue types that are the most affected? And then over time, how do you deliver that gene therapy to everything? And you could do that to a person who's already born, To someone that's already born. It's obviously much easier to do it at the embryo stage. Could you envision a world where the gene editing technology becomes so powerful that you could do it to a person who is already fully formed? Yes. Whoa. Yeah. So This is what I predicted. Everyone's gonna look like Thor, it's, it's gonna be a bunch of Chris Hemsworth and Jason Maas and no more people look like you and me. Yeah. Wait, so Chris is one of our investors, and I always think we look just like each other. Oh yeah. So he invited for sure Luke invited me to go to Byron.


I was from another planet. I think he different species is Yeah. They, they invited me to go up to Byron Bay and go surfing with them. And I was like, yeah, I'm gonna go take my shirt off next to you nerds. That's exactly what's never gonna happen. And I just made up an excuse of why I couldn't go. 'cause they were like, we wanna go surfing. And I was like, ah. Yeah, sure. You do. You wanna Yeah. I'm not going surfing with two Measure Cox too. Yeah. I, whatcha Whatcha gonna do? I'm, I'm going as far away from you with my shirt off as possible. But You gotta imagine if that becomes a reality, like what we're doing today just with plastic surgery. Yeah. Right. Like let, let's take South Korea GLP one Korea for example. Yeah. GLP ones. But that's, that's achievable, right? What they're, what GLP ones are doing is achievable through hard work.


Yeah. But, but like what they're doing in South Korea with eye surgery, like, it's ubiquitous. Like so many people are getting this weird surgery where they have these K-pop eyes. Yeah. You Know, it's just, it's a strange thing. It's a strange thing. And if that's just primitive cutting and sewing tissue artistically. Right. But if people can decide what they're going to look like, what their intelligence is going to be like, yeah. It's a eugenics world. Now we're really playing. No, no, No. God no. That's playing God to another level. Right. And that's like, that's this eugenics world where we know, right? Like I just had a child And you know, typically, or I'd say if you go through the IVF process, which we went through, you typically can test for certain types of issues like along the pregnancy, right?


And when they put the embryo in, they look at kinda the morphological grade. Well now there's new tests, new companies out there. One of which I, I use, which after I used oso impress, I invested in it called Orchid Health. And they actually take cells from the developing neuro on the very outer derm right on, on this thing that doesn't affect the embryo development. They culture those cells. And then they're doing full genome sequencing. Right. And so we had a handful of embryos. And, and so not selecting, they, they don't let you just select for like eye color or height or anything. But outside of the kind of the core, you know, is there a mental issue or is it compatible with life? Which is what most people test for. You can now, you know, ethically and transparently go figure out does it have any predispositions to certain things.


Right? So like, you know, if diabetes or ca certain types of cancers or Alzheimer's worlds in your family, You can now get a lot of that's environmental, but You can still get a distribution score so you can understand what are there genetic factors in that. So that's today. So that, that, that's not like 20 years in the future. That's not gatica. That's today. Wow. And I mean, we did that. We did that. 'cause I have a, I have a, I I found out during that sick period that I have a gene mutation, which affects the Titan gene. And I created truncated protein. So I have, I am more susceptible to disease, including the first true round of covid that was a lab leak that in, that attacked my heart. Wow. And so, so I didn't wanna be able to pass that on.


So we screened for that. Right. But that's not a standard thing. So, but, but that's a today thing. Like, like, you know, two years ago that technology existed and is now prevalent and people are using it. So you understand the technology better than most conceivably what, what could be done that would in the future allow people to change their very shape And it literally like change everything about them, change their intelligence, change everything. I think it starts with, you know, neuro enhancers. And I think it, and, and, and this is the biological perspective. This is not even the com you know, computer brain interfaces merging with ai, that whole world, which I think that world has a lot of traction and is scarily getting a lot of traction pretty quickly.


But I think it starts with things like health span where it's like the, the very vein stuff. So like, you know, skin, skin elasticity, hair, all of that eye color. I think all of that is changeable. And, and, and not, and like there's a company right now, I forgot the name of it that spun out of Harvard that is making patches using microneedling patches that you can't even feel the needles. Right. And delivering a custom stem cell for you that can help, like, replace your melanocytes for hair and for skin. Wow. And so, so you can have 30-year-old looking skin when you're 85 years old. What? Yes.


So, and the same thing for hair. Right? The reason why our hair, That's gonna be real soon. Yes. I mean, that's the speed of which the, the big, I think the biggest, I think the two biggest barriers for healthcare around genetics and longevity is gonna be the FDA process and not the, not the technology. I think it'll be a, a process problem. We saw that with operational warp drive, right? We, we saw how fast things could move if people really wanted them to. So I, I think that's number one. And I think that you're gonna have the ethical pushbacks on this. So regulatory and ethical, those are the two hurdles. But right now the technology exists. Yeah. Well, the other biggest thing, and this is kind of on, for the folks that are deep in longevity, their biggest, they'll, they'll tell you the biggest issue with longevity is that it's not currently classified as a disease state.


Right. It's just, and so they're not getting NIH funding. They're getting all that funding's going outta random stuff, you know? But people aren't focusing on longevity. That's why you've got, like, you've seen anything that, like Bob Nelson's done, Bob started Arch Ventures and he's like arguably the number one biotech in the world. And he's working on epigenetic resets or resetting your clocks at a cellular level. That's what Jeff Bezos and them have. They're doing it. Altos Labs, George Church is another company called Rejuvenate Bio. They're doing the same things and they're smart. They did it in dogs first. 'cause people love dogs and they can also collect a lot of data that then they can then apply to clinical trials. Yeah, I know there's a lot of people cloning their dogs now. Yeah. There's people that are cloning their dogs and they can do it even easier now with, with This, yeah.


I didn't bring Marshall to the studio, but We did, we did clone one person's Dog. I couldn't do it. I love him too much. I couldn't do it. I would, I would feel so weird around this fake Marshall. Yeah. I wouldn't wanna do that. Yeah. And that's how people feel about it. Some people, Dogs are unique little creatures. They are their own little personalities. I know. I've got two and they're amazing. And you know, I did, my wife is closer to one and so I did, I did. I just, full disclosure, I I did, we did do a blood sample on that one just because I don't, I don't just suitcase I just dunno what the meltdown could look like. So, so, but but, but the other one we haven't. And so, because you're right, you have, you have environmental factors, you have personalities.


You, we don't understand all of that. Right. But I, I, I won't say who it is, but someone that's very well known in the world when I was showing 'em some of our dire wolf and red wolf tech, his kids were devastated because his dog was dying. And they didn't want to, they didn't wanna put her in any harm. They didn't wanna go to one of these dog cloning companies and do like a ear. They didn't wanna put it to sleep. They didn't think she'd wake back up. So we did a drug, a blood draw. He called me over Christmas or before Christmas last year and told me that, you know, that they think the dog's got weeks, days to weeks to live. Could we, could we do it for her? And we, and we, and we did it for him. We're not in that business.


That's not our, our business. But he was just happy because his choice wasn't, he didn't want this other dog, or his family didn't want another dog. His biggest issue was they want, they, they, they couldn't let go of that dog, number one and number two. But they didn't want that dog to suffer. They didn't want to, to say for our selfish means, right? You're already suffering. We want you to go be put to sleep and have pieces taken like Frankenstein pieces of you. And so the fact that we could just take a blood draw, the dog didn't even notice. We took the blood draw. I was like totally awake, just sitting right there while we did it. And, you know, he was happy with that. So I think the, these, What if that dog is gonna be reincarnated into a higher level of existence and you stop it and put it on this, like Yeah. So that's not exactly our business.


So, You know what I'm saying? I do. I It's All weird. We don't really exactly know what life is. No, we don't. We definitely don't know what life. And here's one things that his, his assistant told my chief of staff, he said to her, he's like, you know what's weird? I didn't think it was the same dog at all. And I, it's definitely not the same dog, but he's like, it goes and sits in the same place, which isn't like, it's not like in front of a window on its bed. Right. I, I don't know the exact place, but it would always go sit in the exact same place the other dog said. So there's weird stuff. We, we don't understand this. I, that would creep me out. It creep me too. 'cause Marshall has very specific places where he sleeps. And if that happens Yeah. I, It would creep me out. Yeah. So, so my, because I have had the other dogs stay at my house, had my older daughter's dog stay at my house. And that dog didn't go to that same spot.


It's not like this is one spot that's warmer or cooler. Yeah. Like it, same thing as like my dog Ken, he, if he like, gets on, like he only wants to sleep on my feet. If, if I fall asleep on the couch, he's cool. He won't sleep on my feet. He just wants to sleep on me. And that's not comfortable him. 'cause I'm like kicking him and everything. But that's just where he wants to sleep. They wanna be in contact with you. Yeah. My dog watches TV with me. Yeah. That's awesome. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I taught we They're the best. Yeah. And we didn't even teach it this, but, but when we say security at our house, our, our dogs just lose it. Like, Ken just loses mind. He just starts his rabbit. He just runs to the door. He runs to the front door. Runs the back door. Runs the side door. Yeah. So what Kind dog? They're just muds. So I have Barbie and Ken. They're just two little weird mutts. Dogs are awesome. But we named them before the movie.


It's just a weird thing to take that dog. And it, I think also for kids, like, the thing is like kids, the loss is so devastating. Yeah. But it's also good to teach them those things. I think. Yeah. I think loss is important. Yeah. I think loss is important. I don't Wanna, you know, I only, I'm new to this whole father thing, but you know, I think it's important that they understand that there's real, there's real things and there's consequences to decisions. Yes. And we're gonna age and we've gotta a limited time. I think that in his lifetime he will be massively accelerated. But I, I think that's important. And you know, that is one of the things though, I think having a kid, you know, and, and also all of these kids and parents that have been sending us pictures of mammoths and thine and dodos and hopefully now dire wolves is, is something that's exciting.


'cause we get these handwritten notes from kids, right? So like on our shittiest day at Colossal, when someone says whatever or, or whatever, and we get, or an experiment doesn't work or, or, or whatever bad happens. And you look at this pile of kids photos and teachers like, we have this, this, there's a teacher named Katie from Florida who sent us a letter and, and literally like, like 40 pictures of Mammoth. And in that letter she goes, my kids won't be quiet. We're in this like attention war with everything. My kids won't be quiet. I start talking about Colossal. I showed the woolly mouse of they all want to just talk about it. They just zone in. Right. So. Right. 'cause it's Interesting. It's interesting. And, and kids and, and so I, I think this is a time that we can use technologies for human healthcare for good.


We can use technologies for conservation for good and we can help ecosystem with bringing back existing species. But I, I think that we can also like inspire the next generation. Like don't we want to preach hope we're on this 24 7 psycho news cycle. Right. Like, that wasn't Yeah. Around when I was a kid or when I do, you know, CS Lewis first started talking about this. Like, what, what year was CS Lewis alive? But he had a quote about, I might have saved it. He had a quote about the just getting all the dire information of the world All The time sent to you all the time. Which at his time back then, that, that was very new. Yeah. That was a completely new thing.


And this idea of these 24 hour news cycles. Right. You know, like there's actually a law in the uk. You'll, this is, this blew my mind. There's a law in the UK that they cannot tell, they cannot report on a piece if it has any degree of social impact that they don't tell the negative side. I was like, so what happens if it's like, so if if there's someone saves a kitten from a tree, you have to get a dog's perspective. Like, it's like, and they're like, yes. And they're dead serious. Oh, That's so ridiculous. So it's like, I was like, there can be stories that are just negative and there can be stories that are just positive. That's okay. Yeah. I think you're gonna have very lively debate that's always going to happen with something that's so groundbreaking.


Yeah. Like what you're doing. But I also think it's inevitable. I think human beings have this inescapable desire for innovation. Right. And it's going to apply to biology just like it applies to electronics. And you can't do anything about it. You can have debates about it. And we should, we should have, you should, You know, what you guys are doing is great. You've got the dire wolves fenced off and you're very careful. You're monitoring them. It's so great. It's gonna happen. It's gonna happen. And at least you're transparent about it. Yeah. Like at least this is not happening in Russia where they're making super wolves that only eat Americans. Yeah. And they, and they train and they, and they train them with DNA to only eat American. But that's probably gonna happen too. This is just, we are going to face unique problems no matter what we do.


Because technology's allowing people to do things that are unprecedented, including change what it means to be an actual person. Yeah. It It, it's synthetic biology and really kind of the intersection between compute AI and synthetic biology. Being able to engineer genes engineer life. I think that we are at the doorstep of, you know, everyone's very, very worried about ai. But I do think that synthetic biology is in that camp. I think it's, yes. It's, it's like discovering fire. It's The God camp. Yeah. It's all, it's all falling into the same thing. And then when you add to that incredible computing power that's going to be available with quantum computing and then you have new technologies that are gonna emerge from AI using quantum computing.


Like it's All, and then the, and then the interface, it all like the ING stuff and everything. It's just gonna get, you know, we, the Interfaces are crazy because we had that gentleman, Noah, the first guy who got it, and he said he has an aim bot in his head. So like when he plays games, he's, he's like, got a crazy advantage. 'cause where he looks is where the cursor goes. Yeah. Like instantaneously. So he could shoot things like he's not gonna miss. Yeah. I mean we, we are living in a weird time. Yeah. It's the weirdest time. It's the weirdest time that people have ever been through and we're at the door. We haven't even gone into the No, no. That's why I say about the great wild, that's what I say about synthetic biology, right. So like, yeah. The ability to like engineer drought resistant crops or a vaccine or grow regrow our hair or, you know, make mammoths.


That's today we can't even think about what's tomorrow. We spun out a company from Colossal called Breaking last year. And this incredible group at the Visa Institute discovered an enzyme in from the Amazon that actually breaks down any type of plastic you give it to. Yeah. And, and not making smaller plastics, not making microplastics, which are fucking terrible, but actually breaks the chemical. That's why I need it breaking. It actually breaks the chemical bonds of plastic and just produces biomass as, as the thing. Well, guess what? You know? So it takes things that have broken down never and has got it down into years. We have used now computational biology and synthetic biology to engineer it.


So now that it's in, you know, 22 months and I think that we can get it down to two weeks. And so that will be huge for the plastic problem. 'cause we can all say that we're gonna change hearts and minds and use different types of plastics, but we still have the existing plastics here and we have to do something about it. So, so I do think there's even industrial use cases coming outta synthetic biology that like 10 years ago someone said, we can give you a magic mi a magic microbe that can, You can put in a vat and you can just throw any of your plastics in there and You can throw, you know, salads and other stuff in there And it won't even touch it. You know, that would sound like science fiction. Yeah. 10, 10 years ago. That's so crazy. And so now it's, you said it's down to a couple months. Yeah, it's 20, it's 22 months right now. So, and we're talking about like, not just like your like water bottle, your water bottle, but you're also talking about things that are like industrial defense plastics that are like, you know, radiation hardened and whatnot for space.


Like we're throwing some pretty hard stuff at it. Wow. What about those stupid fucking windmills that they have to change every few Years? Oh, they have. And they actually have a, a Bigger landfill for Windmills. And they also have a, a bigger ne a negative carbon impact Yeah. Than they make. Yeah. And they don't barely make any electricity. Yeah, Yeah. They kill livestock or they kill, they kill animals, kill birds. They, they disrupt whales. They, they disrupt, they also disrupt migratory patterns of birds. Of course they do. Yeah. Yeah. You can't fly into That. Yeah. And they're all, and they're all made with plastic and, and plastic polymers And then they have to get rid of 'em. Yeah. And then the only place to put 'em is in a landfill. Yeah, Exactly. So break. So that's why we started breaking, so Wow. So these microbes would be able to break that down. Yeah. I mean we haven't tested on that specific, but like one of the biggest ones that we tested on was li was nylon.


Just because there's so much, if you look at like, what's in the ocean, a vast majority of it is nylon from discarded fishing nets. Oh, that makes sense. So we looked at nylon as, as one of our first use cases. And then we're doing water treatment plants and a few others. So if we get, if we get to the point that we could do filtration on microplastics at, at, at the treatment level. Right. Because all that's passing through right now, like in our drinking water and everything. That's why you have to have these massive, you have to have like the, the three layer osmosis devices and whatnot for water. You've gotta do, Gary got me a new water machine. So, but you have to do those types of things because the microplastics and then the chlorine and other stuff still passes through a lot of the existing materials.


So when you're doing this, is this something that you could release like in the ocean itself? Or would you have to worry then about the effect like bringing the house cats to Australia? No, It die it dies. Like, it, it only eats this. Like this is, This is what they always say Right. Before it fucks up, I'm Gonna worry about it. We're, but we, but with but with the distribution in the wild of something like that, you have to go through EPA there, there's a lot of testing that you have to do. Right. So, but You could do that testing and then conceivably dump it on the great Pacific garbage patch. I, so I don't know, based on heat and salinity and whatnot, right now it's working in bioreactors. So I don't wanna over promise and say we can just go sprinkle it and call it today. Right. But that, that's the long term goal. Right. Wow. So, but, But that, that's the power of, you know, we used AI in computational analysis of this microbe that's found in nature and then we said let's supercharge it just like supercharging the coals.


Right. And so, but that's, but the, the process of using it outside of contained systems, like a bioreactor has to be done very thoughtfully and measured just like rewilding, right? Like this is where sometimes people get confused about like the YT and stuff. They didn't just open the gate and throw some wolves in there. I mean it sounds like they did more of that in Colorado, but they, there's typically a very thoughtful and measured process that you have to go through. Right. Because there's intended consequences which you get excited about, but then there's a shit ton of unintended consequences if you're not careful. Yeah. But synthetic biology is, is that net is that it's, it's an AI level thing that we need to be worried about. And how many different nations are working on this stuff?


So I, I think that the US is by far the most advanced from a synthetic biology perspective. It is a major directive of China. You know, not just sequencing and biobanking. 'cause they're biobank. We, we, we do not have a nationalized biobanking process here. That's one of the things I I I, I was met meeting in, in Washington about, but China does, China is, is going like we, we see them in Africa where they'll make donations to a university or a school and say, oh, but we're gonna take blood samples from all of your animals around here. You guys are cool. Right? So they they are doing this, right. So they're looking for insights in animals. They're looking for that data. They're also trying to build like today's Noah's arc. And so I, so China is for sure there's some countries it's harder. Like the, the European union's harder to do anything 'cause they, they've kind of put a moratorium on GMOs or genetically minded organisms.


But, you know, we've been making GMOs for a long time. Like, have you ever seen a pug? Like we've just done it. Yeah. Pretty inefficiently. Right? We, we can be smarter and actually have a better understanding of those intended consequences. Now through AI and software Probably are gonna have dire wolves guard in their house. No. In a hundred years They're not open to the Public. A hundred percent. They're gonna get your technology and they're gonna sell it and people are gonna be eating wooly mammoth steaks while the dire wolves guard their house. Yeah. I, that's not the future that I, that I hope for. I'm more of an optimist. So I kind of believe in the general good of humanity. Of course. It's your company. Your company is fucking the whole world up. You have to think that way. I'm just kidding. I know. But it is weird. It's a, it's a weird venture. Yeah. I mean you're, you're going down a very bizarre path.


But it's so fascinating. I'm so glad you're doing it. 'cause it's, it's so interesting and we're Learning a lot, right. And the application of that learning could allow us to save many species, right? Yeah. And, and I think that, do You think there could ever, ever be a time Well there's no DNA from the dinosaurs, right? So would it be possible that with future technology there would be some way to get around that? So I, so you there, the closest you could get from a Dino DNA perspective is that there is ways that you can do demineralization of bones and get amino acids. So like the smallest building blocks possible, you don't know where they go. Right. I think that it's not possible to de extinct to dinosaur. I do think at some point you could use AI and software to do an ancestral state reconstruction.


Looking at kind of what we know about birds, what we know about reptiles and kind of where they branch. So you could make one. I Think you could, I Wasn't that one of the things they did in Jurassic Park Park, that's what they, it they made a dinosaur that didn't exist before the big giant one. The, the a dominus Rex. Yeah. Right. That was something they created. That's Something they, they created. Right. And so I think from a genome engineer, from a technology and genome engineering perspective, that is eventually possible. So, so they could easily make a T-Rex without I would not Easily. I wouldn't say easily. Yeah. But, But they could Potentially at, at some future state. At some future state, I think we will have like, you know, the CAD software biology where you can engineer almost anything. Oh my God. I mean that, that's just where the technologies go. Right? The better.


And, and you said it best when you brought up quantum. It, it, if, you know Quantum's only two years away every two years I hear. But eventually when it works and works at scale and you have that coupled with, you know, where some of these companies like x.ai and, and others are taking it. I, I think the merger of that plus synthetic biology will allow us to do all kinds of stuff. And it will be in, and look, it will be in nefarious hands. Like let's, let's just be real, be real. Nuclear weapons are in nefarious hands, right? Yeah. Nuclear weapons are in good guy's hands. Right. And so this is nuclear weapons. And I think that you have to be, just because it exists, we can't put our head in the sand and, and say, oh, we, we just can't let it be. 'cause it does exist. And I dunno if you saw this, but this was like, it was like five years, no, no longer that I was like seven years ago, people in China, companies in China and the government in China were using facial recognition technology to profile people Right.


Of, of certain subset of, of race. Right. And they were, they were doing bad things with facial rec. Well, the San Francisco government where a lot of, where a lot of the funding came from Silicon Valley for a lot of tech startups, they said not, not Glo not at a nationwide level, but so, but in Silicon Valley, San Francisco says, we will not at all support any technology. We're gonna ban investing in facial rec technology. Well, that's just dumb, right? Because we now know there's things like DeepFakes and all this stuff, but it's like, that's setting American innovation back because someone's doing something bad with it. Right. That's like saying, oh my gosh, they have guns. We should never develop guns. Right? Like it's just, it's a, it's a bad philosophy when it comes to technology. And so, you know, I think the same way about synthetic biology.


The world is currently the United States is the leader in synthetic biology, and we've got national treasures like George Church, my, my co-founder and others. And, and I hope that we continue to be the, the world's, you know, leader. But I do think other con countries have different ethical boundaries than we do. And they will experiment on kids. But it's interesting also that you're a company, you're, this isn't the government. This is just a group of people and investors that have decided to do this. And you've been able to do it here in America. But do You know what is going on in other countries or is this a, a tightly guarded secret? So I mean, we know, and Obviously you're, you have people, I'm sorry to interrupt you. No, no, go for it. You have people in your company Yeah.


As well. And I'm sure there's an understanding of what they're doing. Yeah. So it's good. It's, you're, you must be being studied by other Countries. Yeah. We definitely, and and we have investment by Intel. Right. So I'm sure that makes us more of a target. So Yeah. So I mean, we, we do work closely with the DOD and IC Frequently. It's just, when you think about it a hundred years from now, a thousand years from now, when you scale this out, it's, there's no limit to what could be done with life. That's so strange. Yeah. It's so strange to think that for four plus billion years, life has evolved in a very specific pattern. Just On, on the, on rails. Yeah. Yeah.


Yeah. And then one day, And now we say we can take the rail where we want Who, boy, And you know, that's the, the grandest of all conspiracy theories is the th that's that's how humans were created. Yeah. That, that we were engineered, that the panspermia or well, either Panspermia or it or that we were engineered in places. The great one is the Anunnaki, right? Oh yeah. That's the Sumerian tax Box. I I'll Yeah. But I will say that if you look at, you know, not to get too weird, but if you do look at the, it's like cuckoo K and folks in, in, if you, if you look at some of the carvings from all over the world resembling their sky guides, there's a lot of weird, similar, I mean, you can't, you, you can't, objectively, it's like the guy with the pi, with the, with the spins, right? Was that's like, yep, that's water.


I'm, I'm an expert on erosion. That is water. And then they're like head of the sps, like, that's not water. Right? Yeah. It's the same thing as this. You cannot look at some of the stuff and say, that's not weird. Right. Right. You, you can't look at like, you know, the, the, the incredible pyramids we have all over the world that seem to, now there's like more and more discoveries and then they get silenced outta you. It's like you can't see all that stuff and not wonder more. Especially the stuff around, if you look at Mayans and then you look at, you know, stuff in the Middle East and how it looks exactly the same. It's very weird. It looks exactly the same. Yeah. It's, have you been to Peru? No. So that I would put, you know, 'cause I, I don't much picchu I do not want to take you away from going and visiting the Boneyards.


So you totally do that. But you should also go to Peru. Peru if you like, You can see Peru and You can, it's like standing in the Grand Canyon versus seeing on Google Maps. Right. If you go to like M Ali and Tombo or whatever it's called, and you see these blocks that you can't s like put a piece of paper between, you know, you can't see. And, and you see it. And they're all put together in a perfect jigsaw. Oh, and by the way, they came from a type of rock in a quarry that's 2000 miles from air or whatever, however many thousands of miles from air. You can't sit there and say, well that's weird if you don't say that's weird. Then it's like, like you're like one of those like, you know, people that are just like, huh, you're A denier. You like, you can't say it's not weird. Yeah. To to not say, to say it's not weird is actually denying science.


Yeah. It, it's the weird, so you should put Peru on your 'cause when you see it, there's nothing like it. I mean I, I've, I've been fortunate to been able to travel all over the world. You see it and you're just like, that, that just doesn't make sense. The Coolest thing I've ever seen is Chi Cha. Yeah. I've been chi. Yeah. And you, you go there and you're like, what did you do? Yeah. What'd you do? How'd you do this? Yeah. How'd You guys do this? You know what's crazy about Tza? They don't let you go there anymore. But I don't know where, but you know, you've got all those past with all the vendors and You can see Chi Chi. Well there's in the jungles there on the Okan Yuan Peninsula, there's actually other older pyramids. But the carvings that they have on Tza and the carvings they have there, they're actually, the older ones have more precise carvings.


But they, but, but now guess what? It's not open to the public. Ugh. I've seen that. I've been there. Oh, it's so frustrating. Yeah. But frustrating. But all it's, it's just, it is such a weird world, right? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I'm talking to you about like hardcore genetic science, but then when you start to look at all the craziness in the archeology, it it is, we don't know a lot. A lot. Yeah. And there's no way you can know a lot And anytime you suggest something new, you get, you know, shit for it. Yeah. You get a rash of shit and people try to connect you with the worst people in the world, hence Graham Hancock. Yeah. But I think Graham Mock Han, I think Graham Hancock in the end, I don't know if there were, you know, kind of this advanced civilization or whatnot, but I think really smart people said things like Plato and others that were probably real.


Yeah. I don't think they were just like playing around and like, oh, we're gonna write something that's gonna be in history as a joke forever. You've seen the re arts structure. Uhuh. You ever seen that? Uhuh? This is what, there's a lot of people like Jimmy Corsetti, who's this famous YouTube. I guess he would call him, I guess he'd be like an ancient, can we pull Up the Structure ancient Sure. He'd be like an ancient history enthusiast. He's a guy who's like studies these things and does YouTube videos on him. But the reichard structure is essentially Atlantis. Oh, this is in the desert? Yes. Yeah. It looks like Atlantis. There's salt all around it. It has the, it has the rings that Plato described And at one point in time it was connected to the ocean. Yeah. I mean, it literally looks like Atlantis and people dispute it. A lot Of people don't have people gone and studied it there.


Like what it Well, it's a very difficult place to get to and it's also very dangerous. So people have studied it, but there's, there hasn't been like large scale archeological digs there or any Anyway, the whole Sub-Saharan Africa thing is so fascinating. Yeah. They find whales there, you know, I mean, they know that there, it was lush rainforest while human beings were alive. Yeah. And there hasn't been like a large scale exploration of what's in that ground. And there and, and it's Immense. I do think that the younger dry stuff is also a combination of, I think generally speaking, if you break in, break down the, the younger dries period in the rapid cooling, I think the vast majority of people will say some of it, some of the destruction was, or some of the destruction around mega funnel was, was anthropologic.


Which I, I'll give it some percentage then. I think a lot of people agree on this flood theory. Anthropologic meaning human beings killed them. Yeah. Yes. That humans had some impact on, on it. Right. I think that, that even more people agree that there was this massive flood that occurred and that was a, could have been a global level flood with sea rising li with rushing waters and sea rising whatnot. And then you've got, You know, what caused that, that flood most likely meteor, you know, astrological. Meteorological. And then they combine that with core samples that show large levels of iridium. Yeah. Which, Which only exists when you have certain levels of heat at certain at impact.


It it's like that, it's like that nuclear glass or whatever you find. No, that's Iridium is actually different. Iridium is actually very common in space, but rare earth. Oh yeah, yeah. That's this. And there's a layer. Yeah, there's there's silta. That's Right. The micro diamonds is what you're Talking, but they have those too as well. Tite. Yeah. Tite. That's what it's, Yes. Yeah. Yeah. That's what it's stuff from the Trinity explosion. They discovered it there. They find these little micro, there's 100% there was impacts. Yeah. That's a fact. And they also know like when the meteor shower, and this is a thing that they study, like when we go through this comet shower and that, that's, But you remember like probably 10, 20 years ago, people, if you, if you brought up the idea of a worldwide flood, they would just be like, oh, you're a fundamentalist Christian.


Can't talk to you ever again. Exactly. Oh, water canopy. You're weird. Don't talk to me again. I know. It's like, and, and now it's like, well maybe there was a giant flood. Maybe it wasn't just a regional flood. Right. May or maybe it was done by impact of commons. Right. That's What brings me to the weird ones. When you go back to like the, the Vedic texts and you're like, what was the s what were these flying vehicles that they had they show? Yeah. Was Ezekiel talking about The Bible? Yeah. Show Did have you seen that stuff? When have you seen those videos in the last, that have come out in the last year when there was the, the most recent UAP craze and they'd show it And it looked like crazy. Ball lightning. It almost looked like those things that used to put your, you'd put your hands on your hair and stand up.


Right. Right. And then they compare some of those to paintings from like, you know, from like 500, 700 mil years ago. We may stop you there because a lot of those crazy balls of light were all fake. No, You can just zoom in on Venus. Yeah. And that's what you get. Cool. You zoom in on stars and you get this sort of bizarre distorted image. Have you seen those Uhuh go find Zoomed in Stars? I think they did it with the North Star. They've done it with several stars. But if you zoom in with the highest level of these telephoto lenses from Earth, you can get that sort of distorted weird effect.


So, But so, 'cause you're looking Through the, the Atmosphere. I've, I've always seen the stuff on the internet until I was in Wellington, New Zealand when I was with Peter, Peter, his, his house on Wellington's, like on a, a body of water. Once I, where, and, and we were talking of course, like the conversation went to Ghost and UFOs. 'cause like Oh, you've seen them, you're saying? No, I haven't seen them in person. I've seen 'em on his iPhone. Like these are, this wasn't like a telescopic lens. This is an iPhone And it looks exactly like what you see, I guess on the zoom ends. But That's the thing about zooming in. See the thing is like, these are planets that people have zoomed in on. Yeah. Yeah. But there's weirder ones where like, there's video of it and so it looks like it's moving.


Yeah. Here we go. Like look at that. Okay. I'll have, I'll have to see. But you see what I'm saying? Yeah. Like this, this is a perfect example. See, so Exactly. This is a star in the night sky with a Nikon P 900. So is that 900 x Jamie? No. What is that? That's the model number. I don't, can you talk in the mic? It's just the model number. I have no idea what that means. So what would you think that the amount of I know. 1,000 deck. I have no idea. Okay. Probably will. Yeah. So, so, but do you see how they're having a hard time zooming in on it? Barely. Yeah. This is, it's a handheld, I think. But look how weird it is. Looks so weird. It's, it's how it's moving around. Like you say, I'm like, God, you found a ufo, but it's not. Yeah. It's just a star. Well I do, I do hate that every UFO video is, is blurry.


Well, Or star. Well, you know, I mean that could be, if you want to get into the whole how put off perspective, who's this brilliant physicist? Yeah. He iss on a lot of papers. Yeah. He explained it to me. He thinks there's some sort of gravity distortion. Yeah. That's around this. So this is the Well, isn't isn't that the, This is that particular camera. So this is, is this not a very No, it's Like a But That, so that's a 770, 740 $9 camera on Amazon 83 x. So I'll see if Peter will give me the his I'm sure he would. And I'll send it to you. 'cause it's just weird to see Oh, they're Weird. No, I'm not saying not Real, But that this is like not zoomed in his wife's next to him. Yeah. And it's just Weird stuff. I am not denying have never that people are seeing things.


I'm not denying seen, denying that they're real. What I'm saying is that kind of evidence of that that star. Yeah. If you didn't know any better and someone sent it to you, oh my god. Found a UFO ffo, he'd be like, holy fucking shit. It's real. Look at that. It's undeniable. Look at the energy around it. Yeah. With how put-off believes is that there's some sort of distortion around these things. Yeah. That's allowing them to be transmedium. That's to go through the ocean's. That's all the Yeah. That's, that's all their like zero point energy and Right. And moving and in in gravitational wave type stuff. Do you go deep on this? I Get get bored that Rabbit hole. I get bored, I get A little bored. It gets boring because there's no real resolution. Yeah, yeah. You get lose your mind. But I had dinner with Jacques valet and Hal put off once and a couple other gentlemen and they were explaining the state of the technology, like what they think is currently available and what they think these things are using.


I, but These guys, I did a call with, I did a call with, I got into that crowd for a while and before I started Colossal and you know, I, I knew a, a bunch of the those folks. So I talked to Lou, I talked to how, how I did a Zoom with how our, If you imagine what we are now, where we are, what you're describing in terms of technology that's emerging right now. And we have di wolves today in 2025. Yes. And now imagine this 5,000 years advanced. Yeah. And you're probably looking at that. Yeah. If, if we are being visited, that's what you're probably looking at. Yeah. It's Not, and if you look at the exponential rate of our technology curve, it's, it's not that far. Now imagine the monkeying that you guys have done with dire wolves.


I wouldn't say it's monkeying. It's A little Monkey wol. The, the, the selective precision genome engineering Amazing stuff you've done. Yes. With dire wolves. I'm just being silly. But imagine doing that to primitive hominids now if you were an insanely advanced species from another dimension, another planet Yeah. Whatever it is. And you are a million years more advanced Yeah. Than human beings. And you come down here and you see Australia cus you know Yeah. Trying to figure out how to make a spear. Yeah. And you say, listen, let's, well put a little bit of this. Yeah, I got it. And edit a little bit of that. I told you a little bit of bars in there. Edit. Yeah. One edit makes 5,000, you know, can confers 5,000 resistance to neurotoxins. So it's like a couple little edits here. Does a lot. And Then there's the other theory that what we're looking at is human beings from the future.


And if you think about what's happening to human beings, we're becoming less and less stout and muscular. And we're becoming more and more, we we less and less reliant on Yeah. We're doing this all the time. Yeah. And our heads are getting bigger. Yeah. That's them. Yeah. I mean I've read that, I read that theory too. It's a bizarre archetype. Right. It's very strange thing that people keep seeing over and over and over again. Yeah. It's very weird that there's a bunch of different versions of life that they allegedly see That one, i I go down those rabbit holes. 'cause I mean, I just think once again, going back to like the stuff of like cuck C con and, and on Anki and all like this, all this stuff. It's The Aki stuff's the most Interesting. It's just so strange. Yeah.


And how, and how you have certain things that are aligned to celestial the, And it, you're like, yeah. But they could have picked a lot of constellations. Yes. Why did they all pick the ADEs or whatever it is. Right. Like Right. Why did they do that? And Also how did the fucking ancient Sumerians have a detailed map of the solar system Insanely detailed From 6,000 years ago. Yeah. How Yeah. And, and also be able to predict well enough of where it was going, knowing that we were moving through space. Yeah. And also have these giant things with little monkey people on their laps. Yeah. Like what are you saying? Yeah. There's, there's weird there. The cool thing about this, but think, take a step back even though a lot of times people like Graham Hancock and others are ridiculed about it.


Like, and we get ridiculed even for the actual signs that, that we're doing improving every day. The, at the end of the day, it is still cool. And it's interesting, like, I want I, yes, I don't wanna live in a society or a universe where everything's figured out every day. Yes. Is amazing. And we're figuring out amazing things. Well, unlike you, I don't have the burden of being taken seriously. And that's great for It's true. I discussing I But you can go Hunter. I mean, that's awesome. It is great. I love, Yeah. It's, it's super interesting. But I love it because I think, I think that's why so many people subscribe to your podcast is because one minute you'll talk to a comedian in a, in a UFC fighter and the next time you're talking to someone that knows more about like, the ancient flood than anyone in the world.


Yeah. And that's Cool. It is cool. Yeah. It's very fascinating. And we should the Have conversations. Yes. And the world is filled with so many fascinating things that are all happening at the same time. Yeah. And it's almost impo. I mean, and you can get lost like we were talking about with the CS Lewis quote. Did you ever find that? No, I don't. I couldn't. You talked about getting the news. What, what year was CS Lewis alive? Yeah, 1898 to like Yeah. Something I, I started tracking down, like there's a bunch of misquoted CS Lewis Quotes And it could be one of those, could something like that. It could one of those, I could figure it out. But we are being inundated by the worst news of the day because that's the news that's gonna ensure that you watch it. And there's so many cool things that are happening at the same time.


And I think it gives people a distorted perception of the hope that we have for mankind. You hear about wars like, oh my God, but most people aren't going to war. Most people are cool with each other. Yeah. Most interactions between human beings are positive, are positive, and they're fascinating. And human beings are a fascinating creature. And we're so lucky to be alive at this time where the innovation is reaching this bizarre tipping point where we're, you know, I mean, I love it. I, I I've having, I'm working more hours than I've ever worked in my life and, and I've been fortunate before this business. And I will just tell you, I, I just love it. I, every day I wake up, it's awesome. It's just, That's so cool. It's the coolest thing in the world. Well, I'm glad you're doing it, man.


I really appreciate you and thank you so much for coming in here and, and showing people the dire wolves and, and the red wolves. And I hope, I hope more, I hope More. We'll, we'll keep you pleased to date on fun stuff. Do and I wanna go see him. I wanna see him. Alright, we'll talk offline. Okay. We'll talk offline. Thank you very much. Oh, if people want to find more information, find more about you. It's just we're Colossal Colossal dot com. We're Colossal com and we're, it is Colossal on YouTube and X and everyth and we're at Colossal X, so Fucking cool seeing that CGI one walking through the snow. Yeah. I can't wait to see that one Day. Yeah, it's cool. It's cool. And I mean, look, the, the cool thing about Colossal is it's, we have so many people that, you know, we have 170 people, over 135 scientists just that wake up and they work 24 7.


Like we've got four labs. People are just, you know, in love with it. That's So, it's amazing. It's, thank you very much. You gotta, I'll Thank you. Thank you.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Tax season is always stressful. You have to worry about filing on time, making sure you have all the right documents and getting all the deductions you possibly can. It's overwhelming. And by now, I know we're all sick of looking at numbers, but here's an important one that you should hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much money in refunds the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Here's another 20%. That's the overall increase in identity theft related tax fraud in 2024 alone. So luckily it isn't all bad news. Here's the good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US based restoration specialists will fix it. That's backed by another good number. The million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face identity theft and financial losses alone. There's strength in numbers with LifeLock identity theft protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use the promo code JRE or go to lifelock.com/jre for 40% off terms apply.