
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. We got, Hey fella, we're up. What's going on? Runway. Ah, I'm feeling good. Finally after my little bout with fucking Covid. They Got you, they got you with the new Covid. So they Got me with the new Covid. Man. I thought the new Covid was total bullshit. I thought it was like a baby baby cold. I had, you know, my, my girlfriend raised two kids and she said she's never seen anybody puke as much as I did for two days. Wow. And, And it was, it was brutal.


It was just bile. And I don't even know if I ever have ever been that sick. It only got asked at that part of it a couple of days. That's interesting. I wonder if you got multiple things at the same time. Do people usually puke a lot if they get covid? Jamie, do you know? I don't remember that being a symptom. I don't remember having that either. You might have had a couple things at the same time. You know, I just, because there was a bad flu going around too. Well, I went to, you know, I went to Vegas and early and I had a kinda, I just thought I had a cold when I went and my doctor here gave me a shot of steroids and I felt way fucking better. I mean, I felt better everywhere.


I was more flexible. I was like, fuck, I wanna do steroids every goddamn Day. What kind of steroid was it? I don't know. But whatever it was, man, I could touch the floor without bending my knees without stretching at all. I Could What kind of cortisone shot? I, I don't know. It's just, she said steroid and she gave it to me. I don't ask a lot of questions, You know What I mean? So you just felt loose? I felt loose and good. I played really good golf. And then I got there And it started catching up with me. I had my girlfriend, I'm staying in the mansion down at, you know, at MGM Grand, which is pretty sweet. And, and I had that show just on Saturday when we got there on Wednesday. And I'm like, fuck it, I'm not gonna make it. I felt it all starting to deteriorate. So I called this doctor, Dude, it was so bad.


You didn't think it was, you were gonna make it on Saturday? I didn't. I didn't. I, I thought I would need another shot of steroids. That's, so I called a doctor or had the hotel call a doctor and I thought I was getting the doctor that was, you know, whatever it takes to get through the show. Right. And, you know, but that's not the doctor I got. I, the doctor I got was, we need to, let's test you for Covid. I'm like, no, no, I don't have covid. He said, I won't charge you if it's negative. Which didn't make any sense to me. And I said, well, okay. And then it came up positive for Covid and he said, see there the T and the X and the, and the thing. And I said, yeah, I see it. Let's do it again because I don't think I have CO.


So we did it again. Came up positive again. Not only would he not give me the covid shot, he told me to quit taking the antibiotics I was already on. And, and he did nothing except for called the CDC to tell them I had COV. And they both said, you cannot do the show. I'm like, wait a minute, you're the wrong doctor. I don't want to fucking retire today. Shit. I want to, here's the, your drummers a junkies outta heroin. Get him some fucking something to get him through this guy jail. So they were telling you, you can't do this show because you had a specific kind of a cold, a covid cold. So if you had the flu, would he have stopped you from doing the show?


I'd say absolutely not. That's So weird. I don't think it would even come up. That's so weird. Because right now, like the deaths from C now are so low. Like the idea that this is still a pandemic and they still have to treat it differently than they do a cold. They do. And why? But, well, I, you know, I, I was faced with, do I cancel a show? Well, that's not the same as St. Louis when they just moved the date and the people from St. Louis come back. Right now, this is Las Vegas. Right. A lot of those people come specifically to see me because I don't do all those shows that I used to do. Right. So it's kind of, if you want to come see it, and that's a good place. And so it's a problem. You know, it's a refund.


You gotta refund them all because those people aren't bumed out gonna be there. Most importantly, your fans are bummed out. Yeah, My fun. I've disappointed them. Everybody's here. Fuck, let's do the show. So I just sitting there, I didn't know what to do. So I'm like, well, I'm just gonna call MGM Grand and tell 'em what the fuck's going on and let it be their call. You know? And they were like, so how do you feel? I'm like, I feel like I can make it through the show. And they're like, well, I say, let's just go ahead and do it. You're, you know, it's a big room. You're not within six feet of anybody. It's 2025. It's 2025. You, If you told me you had, you did tell me you had Covid and I gave you a big hug on Monday. I saw you on Monday.


Yeah. And we did kill Tony. Right. And I was Fine. You were a super spreader on kill Tony. You of a Bitch. Big time. I'm a asshole. The biggest asshole ever. It would be so horrible. Nobody got sick. I know. Nobody did. Nobody Got sick. It's Fucking, And it wasn't until the next day that I got sick, that's when the vomiting started. Wasn't in Vegas, it was day two. It was Tuesday after kill Tony. Oh. That's when I got sick. And, and, And it was fucking awful. I mean, wow. For two days. Just awful. Did you get another steroid shot? No, nobody would give me one. So I don't know, man. I just got the wrong goddamn. You Gotta go to Gold's Gym.


Yeah, Right. They Find the biggest guy in the room. Say, who's Your doctor? Dude, you got something, don't you? You know you got something, bro. Come on man. Aren't you a Ron White fan? Gimme some fucking steroids Just to get me around the corner. So, yeah. So I am back. I feel fine today and Well that's good. And which is good to see you back. Really good news. You coming to the club tonight? You know, they asked me to. I don't know who's got the set tonight. I don't know who's got the show. We do. Fuck it. Let's go. Okay, Let's go. I'll go. Let's go. Ron White plus bottom of the Barrels tonight too. The Kill Tony was on Netflix Last night. Yeah. Isn't that amazing? Yeah. I'm so happy.


Yeah. I'm so happy for Tony and Red Band and for everybody on the show. I'm just so happy that that show is now on Netflix. It's sweet. You know, I, I always believed in it And you know that. And I, yeah, I always saw something in Tony. I know. I was never sure what exactly it was, but I saw something. You know, that this kid works hard. You know, he's got a dream that he's fucking making it work. And he's making it work with hard work. He works hard. He works really hard at that show, man really does. I mean, I call him in the middle of the day sometimes and he's just laying out like how he's gonna do the show. What he's got. He's like, he's planning it. He's wandering around his apartment writing notes down, just planning it out in his head.


He's legit. He is. Tony, this is the thing about success. It's a product of hard work. And in that example, I fucking know it's a product of hard work. Those guys did that show every goddamn Monday for 10 plus years, Starting with six people in the crowd. I was one of 'em. I would,


this episode is brought to you by Warfare from a 24 written and directed by Iraq War veteran Ray Mendoza and Civil Wars Alex Garland warfare embeds audiences with a US Navy platoon, but when their operation goes wrong, the only way out is together. A visceral boots on the ground. True story told by the soldiers who lived it. Warfare Stars Will Poulter Kit Connor with Joseph Quinn and Charles Melton. Experience it in IMAX and theaters everywhere on April 11. Get tickets now at tickets Warfare movie.


This episode is brought to you by blinds.com. Do you know the right window treatments aren't just about privacy. They could actually save you some serious cash on your energy bills too. But is it really worth the hassle? It's a lot of waiting for some pushy salesperson to come to your house with. An overpriced quote sucks. Right? Well say goodbye to all that nonsense because blinds.com has revolutionized the game. Blinds.com lets you do a virtual consultation with their award-winning design experts. Whenever you have time, no pushy sales rep in your home, just hop online and blinds.com will send free samples right to your door. How cool is that? Whether you're a do-it-yourself beast or you prefer professional installation blinds.com has you covered. And guess what? You can get your entire house done for one low price, no hidden fees, no showroom markups. What you see is what you pay. Now I get it. Ordering online can be sketchy, but not with blinds.com. They've covered more than 25 million windows and they've got a 100% satisfaction guarantee. blinds.com is hooking up my listeners, with an exclusive $50 off. When you spend $500 or more, just use the code rogan@checkoutatblinds.com. Go to blinds.com and use the promo code Rogan Limited Time offer rules and restrictions apply. See blinds.com for details.


It was there when they were doing the Belly Room show, but I always encouraged it. I encourage people to do shows when no one's watching because I think that, you know, the only way something builds is you gotta get it started. You can't think you're gonna launch a podcast and it's gonna have a million downloads. It's not that way. And you don't want it that way anyway. You want to get good at it. You wanna learn how to do it. You wanna iron out the kinks. I agree. I agree. That's And they did it. They fucking did it. They did it. And now it's one of the best shows in the world. It's the funniest fucking show on television for sure. You know, as, as far as just a fucking entertaining thing to God do. I mean, just to come down, you know, my, my last girlfriend was so addicted to the show.


She would come almost every Monday. And it's hard for me to go down there on Kill Tony night 'cause they got the, you know, the green rooms hoed out to 19,000 people and there's no place for me to go. Right. And so, you know, but, but she was addicted to it. I mean, just as something fun to do, you know, It's a fun thing to do, man. 'cause you're gonna get some great comics. You're gonna, And it doesn't matter if, if, if the comic eats it on stage. 'cause it's still funny. You know, that's not the point. The point is that everybody has access, you know, in some way. And, and, and there's no shortcut to get there because I tried to shortcut it. 'cause I thought I could, 'cause I was Ron White and I, my banker said, yeah, I've been doing standup and I'd love to get, I'm like, no problem.


I'll tell him I'll be i'll, I'll fix this for you. And, and he was like, yeah, yeah, no, you, you can't. It's a bucket pull. That's the only way he can do it, is to get his name in there Or it's a legit bucket pull. It is. I mean, it really is. And sometimes one of our guys gets in, like a song's been on a couple of times now, you know, and sometimes not. You put your, put your name in the bucket. We'll see. There's hundreds of names in that bucket. It's a great idea. It's a great idea. It Really is. And it's, and it's inclusive to anybody. I mean, it's amazing to me who he saw the, had the vision to put anybody, anybody, no matter what kind of physical shame that they, you can't even say a word.


Right. And handicapped on top of that. I, And you know, all I have To do is just give it a go. Give, go It A go. Give it a go. Try to be funny. Yeah. Do your best. Just do your best. Yeah, absolutely. I'm, and there's a lot of people doing their best. I'm thrilled. I'm thrilled for the success of it, you know, it's Incredible. Yeah, it really is. It's fun too. It's like, it makes everything more fun when, when there's a fun thing like that out there in the world. More of us have fun, we have more fun at the clubs. We have more, more fun talking about comedy. Yeah. And it, you know, it made me really proud too to to, I mean, just to walk out on stage and it's, you know, it's you and Shane and, and, and Ur and, and Tony. And, and these are my friends.


You know, these are my buddies. This is my tribe right here. And, and we're doing something really special. And it's a fucking hoot, you Know? Yeah. It is a fucking hoot. It's a fucking hoot. Yeah. And it's, that club's the best place for it. Like, I had a, I had a nightmare the other night. Oh no. Yeah. And it was about the club. Oh no. And that I was the headliner that night. And I got down there and there were like nine, 11-year-old girls and that's all the tickets we could sell. And I was like, did you tell 'em I was coming? I, yeah, we put it in the thing. And that's crazy. Nobody showed up Ron. Except for these chicks. And If I was your psychiatrist, I'd sit down the go. Ron, what do you think this means to you?


What, what inside of your subconscious makes you think that only 11-year-old girls would come to see you do comedies. That's 'cause for, for 38 years. I've been waiting for the end, you know, and I'm, And it finally happened that, that night in the middle of that dream, I knew it would happen. I knew You think like that. And it drives me crazy. I don't understand how you can think like that. I just always have because I, you know, it, it, it never works as good as it works for me. You know? I mean, it's worked okay for you. But I mean, you know, these kind of careers don't last forever until, unless they do. And there's not very many of 'em that do, you know, last fucking four decades.


And It's a different world now, Ron. I think they do last now. I, I guess So. I think the thing that was going on before was everybody thought you did comedy to get to something. You did comedy to get to the movies. You did comedy to get to tv. And if you didn't, then you were a failure. And you thought of yourself as a failure and other people thought of you as a failure too. And that would diminish your confidence. That would diminish your draw. And only a few people survived that and escaped. And a lot of great comics like Richard Jenny for instance, he got caught up in that and felt like he was a failure and a loser and wind up fucking killing himself. Meanwhile, he was one of the greatest comics that's ever lived. That Ever lived.


He just missed the boat. He missed the internet boat. He would've been fucking Yeah, but I missed it Too. You didn't though. But you didn't, you didn't miss it. You didn't, you you caught us. You caught the whole wave, brother. You came to the comic at the right time. I did catch a gr I did catch a great Wave. Yeah. And it, it, it's great for all of us that we all know each other. It's great for all of us. There's no more, you know, waves like in, in terms of like, your career's gonna die off your career. Your career's dependent entirely on your work. And your work's never been better. No, I I don't think it has. It's never been better. You're on fire right now. You were killing it the other night. We were in the green room and we're watching for the balcony. Fucking howling.


It's great. It's great. There's no reason It shouldn't be great. Like, you've been doing it forever. You love doing it. You're passionate about it. You work hard, you're always writing. Of course. It's great. And it's, and it's fun. You know, it's the best it's there. I don't think there's any environment that's more conducive to getting chops that, I mean, that really is a gem. Yeah. To me. And, and everybody there is just getting better. And it's that fucking stage time. There's no fucking substitute for stage time. No Substitute stage, stage time. And a good tribe. Yeah, Good tribe. You gotta have that because Everybody's killing it. Like when I see Hassan up there killing it, I'm like, woo, let's go.


I get excited. Everybody's coming. It's Come a long way. A long way. Yeah. And you, you see these guys like Ari, Maddy, these young guys coming up. You see all these people and you Cam Patterson on kill Tony Monday night was on fire, on fire. You see the growth, you see these guys emerging and you're like, this is incredible. We're in a, we're so lucky. We're in the, like the, we have the luckiest job in the luckiest place in the world. I think so, man. And if I was a young comic now, I would go to Austin, Texas 100% And find, 'cause there's just all that stage time. And now you don't actually automatically get to go to the mothership. But that can be your goal. And You can get in there, man. You can get in there if you're good, You can get in there if you're good.


There's a lot of guys get in there. All you have to do. A lot of women get in there. A lot of non-binary people. All you have to do is just be good. Yep. There's showcases all the time. Adam's picking people all the time. People see you. If you're funny, your shit's on the internet. It's like, the path has never been clear. Now for a young comic, I mean, when I was young starting out and it's like, how do you do this? How do you get on stage? How do you get a manager? How do you get paid? How do you do? Right. You know, now it's like, it's kinda laid out. It is. And and there are people also hanging around like me that, that have been through all this stuff before. You know, the, the, the growth spot to know how to get better. You know, because I was like, you, there was no direction.


There was nobody giving advice. There was, you know, you just looked at it and went, okay, I'll yeah, I'll try this. Yeah. Let's See. And Well, you made it late in life too. You know, that's probably why you have this thing in your head. Because like when did Blue Collar was like, how old were you when that that tour kicked Off? 45? I think About. Yeah. See that's, that's, that's why, that's the thing. You know. Who else had that same sort of feel? Phil Hartman. Phil Hartman didn't get on Saturday Night Live. I think he was 36. That was his first break. 36. Yeah. I'm pretty sure. Now Did he do standup also or is he a He was going to, he would do some standup to warm up the crowd sometimes.


Oh, okay. And he would fuck around. And he and I talked about it and I said, anytime you want to do it, I go, I'll take you to the store. I go, you, you can get on stage. Let's, I go, you don't need a lot of time. You just like put together five minutes. I'll help you. I know you can do it. And he had some really funny impressions. He had a really funny Bill Clinton impression. Right. He was a funny fucking dude and a hard worker. You wanna talk about a hard worker? That dude used to make me, everybody felt like they weren't a professional when they were on that guy because he'd have like tabs and shit, a notebook where all his scenes were, everything was organized. Yeah. I already feel unprofessional. While he, he was doing that, he was also trying to take his pilot's license in between scenes. He'd be reading airplane books.


Jesus Christ. What a fucking tragedy, man. What a fucking tragedy. Oh bro. You don't know the half of it. I tried to get him to divorce her a long time ago. I told him, like right when he was struggling, I said, man, just give her half. Just get out. You'll make more money. And he was like, well, it's not half it's a scam. The lawyers get a third. Yeah, it's a third. You get a third of your fucking money. You know. Okay, okay. Okay. Just give her the money. Just give her the money. Money is fun. Coupons. Right? If you're having money and you're not having fun, then what do you got? You gotta cut something off. You know, you gotta figure out what, where's the cancer? Hack it off, hack off that melanoma and let's get this party rolling.


Like you, you shouldn't be involved with someone that you hate. That's crazy. You come home to someone who hates you. That's crazy. That is insane. That's crazy. And I, you know, and I've been in bad relationships before that I, that I cut off and of course. And, and then all of a sudden You can breathe again. You know, you're A different person when you're in a bad relationship. Like, you're bad too. Like you are not your best. Just like a bad friendship. Like, you're not the best friend. If your friend is a cocksucker, you know, you're, you're good friends with good friends, right? Like we all inspire each other. And if you got a one-way street, or if you are one of those unfortunate people that hooked up with a hot lunatic, 'cause that's the problem.


You got a hot lunatic, right? And they're sexy and they're fun for short bursts of Right. A few hours at a time. And then you're like, oh my God, this person is in my life. And if you move in with them, oh Christ. I know. And if you have kids with 'em, oh Christ. And if you're married to them, oh Christ, you married a hot lunatic. The hole gets deeper and deeper and deeper. Next,


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. Summer is almost here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered Catamaran. That's a no lemon meringue. That's a yes. A day in the sun. No. A bottle of rum. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely help you out with that. Get almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You must be legal drinking age, please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by region. See app for details.


You know you're Johnny Depp and you're on tv. Yeah. And you're in the court With the whole thing falling into fucking pieces. The whole whole thing falling into pieces in front of the whole world. 'cause you married a hot lunatic. And that's the thing about symmetry and beauty. And, and women who are sexy, they just can trick you. And then, and men are so easily tricked or so vulnerable. Oh, I'm, I'm the worst. I'm, it's so easy to lead me down a road. I'll just sniff my way. Oh, this is bliss. I'm in love. We're gonna elope. Fuck it. I don't care about my money. Yeah. She used to like insult him at parties and shit. Phil Hartman's vibe.


It was really rough. I remember we took him, we all went to this party once, like some industry type party. And she was insulting him. And I was like, oh, I just, I had to bite my tongue, which I'm not very good at, you know? No. And I was like, and then, you know, he and I were in his green, his little dressing room. And I was telling him, man, like there's another way. You know, if you're a great guy, like you're a great guy. You're a lot of fun. You'd be a better person if you were with someone better. Like, you'd feel better about yourself. Like you can't be feeling good about yourself. Fuck no, fuck no. You got out. You know. But he had kids too, which complicates the fuck outta everything. He had kids with her.


Yeah. Oh fuck. Yeah. Yeah. What a horrible fucking story. Did I ever tell you the story about like the worst I ever bombed on stage right after that? Like easily the worst I've ever bombed on stage. Did I ever tell you the story? I've never seen you bomb on stage. I was at the gas station and I was getting gas. It was two weeks after he was murdered. And it was the first time I was gonna go on stage again. 'cause I was, everyone was wrecked. I didn't even know like how long it would take before I felt like I could do comedy again. So I'm at the gas station getting gas and just randomly run into a buddy of mine who's a cop. And I go, Hey, what's up?


What's going on man? He's like, how you, how you doing? You, you doing okay? I'm like, man, we're all fucked up. You know? And he goes, did I tell you that I was there? I go, no, you were there. He goes, dude, what? He goes, I was there when the kids ran from the mom. I go, what do you mean? He's like, after she killed herself, she barricaded herself in the after, excuse me. After she killed Phil Hartman, she barricaded herself in the bathroom and she had the kids in there with her with a gun. And a lot of times when moms kill themselves, they'll kill their kids too. And the cops saw that.


And so they kicked open the door and when they kicked open the door, the kids ran from the mom. The kids ran out of the bathroom. And then the mom blew her brains out. Fuck, I forgot about, I forgot about that part of it. I mean, I forgot that she killed herself. And then I'm seeing my friend at the gas station right before I go on stage. I'm going on stage in about 45 minutes. Jesus. Yeah. Half hour drive to the comedy store, 15 minutes before I'm gonna go on stage. And this, this is my face. I'm just like, there's nothing funny in the world. There's nothing funny in the world. And then after I recovered, you know, I took like another week off and then I came back and I was like, he would just, he would just wanted me to keep going.


I had a dream about him once. It was like the most realistic dream I've ever had about anybody in my life, ever in my life. He was sitting a lawn chair and I ran into him and I was like, what are you, how are you doing? What are you doing? And he's like, oh, I'm fine. And he goes, we made up. He goes, it was a lot. He goes, obviously we had a lot to work out. And he laughed about it. And I said, well that's great man. And then he pushed the chair back and he was gone. And then I woke up like he was gone. It was the mo one of the most, I've had two very realistic dreams in my life that seemed so realistic.


They didn't even make sense. And that was one of them where it was like, I felt like he was there. I didn't, I didn't feel, I feel like he wanted me to let it go. It was, it was so weird. I felt like, you know, he wanted, it's like, that's how he was whenever they would fight. 'cause it, like, I'm not, I don't like fights in real, which sounds crazy 'cause I commentate on fights, but I don't like, I don't like conflict. I wish it didn't exist. The reason why I got good at fighting like martial arts is because I was scared of conflict. I don't like it.


I, I understand it, but I don't think it's necessary. And I don't think fighting in a relationship. I think that's the worst. And the people that get in these relationships, they scream and yell at each other and call each other horrible names. And, but with a lot of people it becomes this cycle of getting mad at each other and then making up, and then the making up sex is like very addictive to a lot of people. It's like, it's a different kind of thing. Sure. And you get on this weird rollercoaster ride of I hate you. I love you, I hate you. I love you. And he was, he was on that rollercoaster ride and he was letting me know, like, it just went too far. It went crazy. Well, you know, I, I lived in Mexico for a while with a, with a woman who eventually took her own life.


Oof. And I mean, I was already out of the picture for a couple of years and when that happened, but when I was in Mexico with her, I knew that I was, I I I was trapped number one. I was, I moved down there to start a fucking pottery company. 'cause I was frustrated with standup comedy. They had just cut my, the funny bone chain had just cut my pay by a third. Ugh. Because they realized that I just worked for them. Oh boy. And I couldn't patch this schedule together without 'em. Oh, what a bunch of assholes. So they, and I, I told the guy that, that ran the funny bone Gerald Kubach to go eat a steaming bowl of fuck.


And, and I, I don't even know what that would look like. I don't know. But it cost me a lot of work to say it. But it was still fun to say. And Wow. But I moved with her down to Mexico and, and I knew that she was crazy. And I, and the way it came up was that she had called a, a friend of mine and told her that sometimes she stands over my bed with a knife. Oh geez. And just stares at me. And I, and my son was there also part of the time. And I'm like, well, that's over. I gotta get out of this. And, but, but the, the big thing was I was depressed because of my situation.


'cause I didn't see a way out of it. Yeah. You know, I didn't see a way out. I just couldn't see, I just couldn't see a path. And, And it got to where when I was around people I couldn't talk. And, and, And, you know, I did, I had no tribe, you know, at all. I was cut off from all my friends and, And it just something I did to myself with that move down to Mexico, which I was there for three years. Wow. And, And it was just the worst time of my life. And I really didn't think I'd ever come out of it. I mean, I'd never, never thought I could even get back to a place where I could sit down and have a conversation with somebody. That's how depressed I was. Wow. And, and when I, It was funny because I, I moved into Mexico.


I had the biggest truck that Ryder makes, pulling the biggest trailer. They make my van pulling the biggest trailer they make all headed down south. All your shit to everything moved to Mexico. Why Mexico? Because my girlfriend at the time did this mosaic tile application to existing pottery. And she would sell it at art shows or craft shows, you know, whatever. And it would sell really fast. But it took her six months to make any of it. So I thought, why wouldn't you just go down to Mexico and train a bunch of women how to make it and let her orchestrate it? And I fucking did it.


I I was part of that sucking sound that Ross Perot was talking about going to Mexico three years later. I had the exact same equipment headed me on north outta Mexico with the same exact truck trailer. Everything. That was a bad idea. Three years and Wow. But, But that she must have been hot once I, once I Oh, she was so hot. Oh, she was so hot. And I'd never been with a hot woman before. I had never been with, I mean, that was my girl, you know? Yeah. And she was just so, she was so beautiful. I'm like, I'm gonna, I'll be with her even though I hate her, just so I can look at her.


You know, I just stare at her and that'll be enough. That's all I'll need. Oh. Turns out I needed a little more than that, so. Yeah. But you can Only tolerate so much. And then, and I ended up marrying this other girl that was horrible. I mean, I mean, I, I know she's probably listening to this right now, so I don't mean horrible but horrible. And, but she always search the internet for things about me so she could say, Hey, this person said thanks for signing my girlfriend's tickets. What are you out there signing girlfriend's tickets? Yeah. I'll signing anybody's ticket. You know, just always looking, every time she'd turn on her computer, it'd make me stick to my stomach. 'cause I didn't know what she was gonna come up with.


You know, I'm no angel anyway. And, but, so that girl sister, when she killed herself, she sent me a post that, that, that my ex-wife found. She printed it saying that she had killed herself. She brought it in and handed it to me. And all I did was sit down on the couch and she goes, oh, now you loved her. And I'm like, just gimme a minute, okay? Just Gimme a, this is her sister doing this to Me? No, this is my wife. Oh dear. She got the note from her. She got the letter from her sister and handed it to me and she saw it affected me. And she's like, oh Jesus. Oh, now you loved her.


Jesus Christ. Wow. What are you supposed to do? Yeah. A lady that you used to live with killed herself. Yeah. What the fuck? Yeah. Just gimme a minute here. Gimme a minute. Yeah. Gimme a minute. Jesus. It's a human being that, you know, that killed themselves. How many people do you think you've known that have killed themselves? Oh man. Let's see. Not very many that I really knew. My best friend, one of my best friends from childhood killed himself. And, but we thought he died at the massacre in Waco. 'cause that's, he was a big resh guy.


Oh boy. He missed the massacre. Yeah. He missed the massacre. But we thought he, we thought maybe he's there when it was all going, going down. But he wasn't. And and eventually it was an odd thing. Anyway, he was, he is a, he was a dear friend from childhood. His dad was the music director at my church. And he and I used to bluff, buff the floors of the church with those big bluff. That was our, our job on one day a week that we'd go down there and, and we'd actually sing Neil Young songs to the top of our lungs because we Well that, you know, song The nights, you know, We'd just sing the fuck out of Neil Young songs.


That's the only tape I had. You know, I know you and him had a little problem, but I Don't have no problem With him. I know. You were so sweet about that. I love That guy. I love his music. He just had, he didn't get it. No, he didn't. That's all it is. That was, that was a, that was a dumb thing. Well, he just missed, he didn't understand what was happening. And nobody did. I don't blame him. Nobody did. I'd, I'd talk to him in a heartbeat, even though he pulled his music and tried to get me removed from Spotify. Right. That was A, I still don't care. I love that guy. And I loved his music even after he did it. I still listen to his music. He just got, he missed. He didn't know what was happening. He got tricked.


A lot of people got tricked. You know, a lot of people thought that this was the only way out we had to listen to these evil lying fucks that were telling us that everybody had to take this vaccine. There was no other medicine available. And if you didn't, everybody was gonna die. And, you know, he got caught up in it. They got us all though. They got the whole country. He can't be mad at the whole country. That's crazy. Right. I I I Don't wanna be mad at anybody anymore. Ron White. I Don't either. As I get older, I'm less and less inclined. There's people I don't wish to talk to. Right. I'm like, I don't need that in my life. I don't need whatever you bring in my life, but I don't wish you bad.


Yeah. I have really, really healthy boundaries when it comes to people that don't make me feel good. You know? Good. You know, I just don't, I just won't hang around. Yeah. I don't wanna be around 'em and confront 'em. Like, who cares? Yeah. Yeah. No, Good luck to you. I'll give you a hug. I got some other shit going on. Yeah. I have friends. But You know what, I, I tell you what, what makes you a good friend when you get successful, and I'll just talk about successful like I am. It's hard to find anybody that'll disagree with you, you know that because there's something to gain. And, and that's true with you too. I mean, that, you know, you, you hold a lot of power and, and you have something a lot of people fucking want.


And I know that because I have a, I have a box of, and I should have brought 'em in and given 'em to you. Anyway, I'll bring 'em to the club tonight. But it's just a guy I met that owns a sunglasses company and he makes sunglasses for hunting. And he Oh. And so he said, you know, wait a Minute. Who wears sunglasses when they hunt? I don't know. Nobody, You can't wear 'em when? Well, I guess maybe some people probably do. I bet rifle hunters do. Yeah. They, he said that one of 'em was specifically for bow hunting that makes you see the target better or something. Oh, Interesting. Okay. So he's got an invention.


I, you know, I don't know. I, I don't hunt, so I don't really know anything about hunting in glasses. He, he just said he was gonna send a box. Would you give 'em to Joe? And I said, yeah, I'll give 'em to him. And I didn't. So I would think the glasses would get in the way because the, you know, when you shoot with a bow, there's a thing called a peep site. So you have your string, and in your string is what, one of the things that's sewn into your string is this little plastic circle. Sure. Do You know what it is? Yeah. Okay. So you know, it lines up with the scope, the housing of the bow, the No. Okay. I don't know that. But so where the peep site is, when you draw back and you, you don't look through, through the string, you look through the circle that's on the string, it's sewed into the string. And that circle, you line it up exactly with your site housing.


And so where your pin is, it's all about like staying calm and keeping that pin there. And you want to keep it all like connected together. So my eyes like right there, like right next to this, this, this peep site. If I had glasses, it might get in the way. Right. You know what I mean? Like, 'cause the string is touching my nose and the thing is right there and I'm just drawing back and I'm looking at it like that right through it. I'll give 'em to you, see what you think. I Don't know anybody. Shoot. But I knew, I know some hunters that have glasses, so there must be a way to adjust. I don't know. But I don't know. That's what he told me though. Okay, I'll try it out. All right. I'm open to anything. You never know. And anything that makes you good at that, there's, that's a fucking difficult thing to do.


You know, like if I meet a guy and he is like, I'm a bow hunter, I'm like, oh, okay. Oh. Anyway, what I'm saying is this, Go Ahead. What I'm saying is this, that, that you're one of the only friends that I have that'll say, no, that's fucked up Ron. You, you, you, you, you don't agree with me to make me feel better. 'cause you have something I I have something you need. Right. You know, you'll go ahead and go, nah, Every now and then,


this episode is brought to you by Better help. It's the end of tax season. And I know by now you all are probably sick of numbers, but there's one more expense we need to talk about. And that's how much you're investing in your wellbeing. The cost of traditional therapy can be outrageous between 102 hundred $50 a month or even more. So how do you get the help you need without blowing your monthly budget? Use better help with better help. You pay a flat fee for weekly sessions, saving you money and time. It could even help you save up to 50% per session and you still get quality care Therapy is a good tool everyone can use. Whether you've experienced a major trauma or not, it can teach you valuable skills you can use in your everyday life. Like how to better manage all that stress tax season brings or how to communicate better with your partner or even how to be more mindful, use better help to work towards your goals at a reasonable cost. It's also more convenient since everything is online. It's easier to work in a therapy session no matter how hectic your schedule gets. And as one of the largest online therapy platforms better help as access to thousands of therapists with all sorts of specialties so you can find the right fit for you. Your wellbeing is worth it. Visit Better help.com/jr to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Help HE lp.com/jr.


Well that green room's great for that. A lot of, because everybody knows that. Everybody loves everybody. So everybody can just talk openly about anything. You know, like, and if you have like some dumb argument with someone, someone will come in and go, eh, I think he's right. Yeah. Yeah. And you've gotta go, oh really? What? Okay, let me think about it. You need that in your life. You do. You don't wanna be a tyrant. No. You know, and that's what happens to a lot of successful people is they get real insecure and so they become kind of a tyrant and they don't wanna listen to anybody else. You know, you see that with people that are like on shows and they run the show. It's the show's all about them. You know, they're the show and they're, you know, they're the producer and executive producer and the cast all kisses their ass and they're at the top of the fucking casting call or whatever it is.


Fuck the call sheet. Yeah. It's a bad place to be. You don't wanna be there. Don't do it. Don't do it. You just, you gotta resist the urge. So I went back to my ayahuasca place Oh, oh. Down in Costa Rica. So I, I went four years ago. Right. And, and that's when I quit drinking. Right. Which, you know, I did. Right. Yeah. You know, I quit drinking. I quit too when, A month ago I knew that you weren't drinking.


Yeah. But I didn't know stopped drinking. I didn't know that it was a Yeah. I think I'm done. Yeah. For no reason other than it's not good for you. Yeah. No, I didn't have to. I enjoyed it. Right. No, you were having a good time. I was watching, but the, The days after drinking were just too rough. And I'm like, what, what kind of a moron who takes so good care of his body has poisoned himself a couple of days a week for fun. You know, why am I doing that? And then I'm like, well, will I have the same amount of fun if I don't poison myself? Turns out, yes, exactly. Right. Well there's more than one way to skin a cat. I mean, you haven't Yeah. Quit everything, right? I mean Exactly. Yeah.


And I'm just skinning a cat a different way. Tell me about your cat. Well, I'm gonna play some eco rows. Did they play those while you went through the Here we go. Jamie's got 'em already. So What's that? This is the songs that a lot of the shaman like to play while you're tripping balls. Oh, Okay. And if they play this song while you're under the influence, the hallucination will dance to the songs. Oh wow. It's, there's certain songs you're like, I don't get it. Like the Grateful Dead. I've never been on acid at a dead concert, but they say if you are, you get it. So like I'm missing that part. Right.


You know, so to me it's like, it's just this jam music, which is fine, but I'd rather listen to Skynyrd. You know what I mean? Right. I saw Skynyrd Monday or Sunday night And it was The original Skin, the Real Skynyrd before the plane crash. No, I'm just saying these guys are putting, I'm show together. I'm sure Ricky Medlock playing Alan Collins' play. They have two other guitar players and, but it is a band. Mm. I mean, they are nailing this shit. I had tears coming outta my eyes during fucking Freebird for a lot of reasons. Number one, I saw him in 73. Me and Steve Cook, who was my best friend till the day died. Wow. And and Ronnie Van Zant was lighting joints and he was handing them out into the crowd.


Well, me and Steve had worked our way up to the front. He handed one of 'em to me and everybody else was taking a hit. I just stuck it in my pocket and, And it went in the bathroom and smoked it. 'cause there were co it was illegal then. And I was listening to Skin, well, Sunday night I'm at the Skynyrd show. There's cops where I was and there was outhouses right next to it where you go through this fence and I told my girlfriend, I'll be right back. And I was over there, I was in the outhouse smoking a joint, listening to the Skynyrd. I'm like, well I haven't changed much in 50 fucking years. You know, the exact same thing. So Some, some songs people just nail it And it stays great forever. Yeah. You never get tired of Free Bird.


But there's that guitar solo. Yeah. Oh. And they just fucking hammered it home. I mean, it was so good. Oh, nice. That it was just, I, I couldn't believe it. You know, I, I brought him on stage at the Greek one time, maybe 20 years ago or 15 years ago. I don't know. And it was fun. 'cause I got to, I got to say that when, you know, when I was 16 years old, we were at this show and we had taken enough mushrooms to kill an average teenager, but we weren't average teenagers. And ladies and gentlemen Leonard scattered. It was great fun. That's cool. And so it kind of brought back all those memories, you know. But when in Washington play it again, it was kind of, it is weird because especially when I come back from arrhythmia, which my place out there that I, I always come back emotional.


Right. And, and kind of full of love and forgiveness and those kinds of things. That's kinda what I learned from, from those hallucinogens. Yeah. And Isn't it crazy that that's illegal? Yeah. To to, to feel good and you Gotta go to another country to be a better person. Yeah. You gotta go to another country. You gotta leave the land of the free Right. Leave the land of freedom to go to another country that's much more lawless and, and take in the divine and come back a better person. It's, And it is crazy. And, and I always, and I don't think it's for everybody.


You know, I, I'm, I'm not somebody out there just going, yeah, you gotta, you gotta do this. 'cause I think you have to be open to some things. Yeah. You know, you have to be open to, Hey, maybe I'm wrong about everything. You know, maybe there is a, because you're, If you're not open to it, you'll get hit hard. Well, and that's why it's not for everybody. 'cause I, you know, I've seen people wig down there and, and which is why I, you know, I know you can get Ayahuasca locally and have, they have, you know, people that are, I don't know where they got their shaman title from, but You can do it. It's the internet. Yeah. But I know that there, you know, it's a licensed medical facility with doctors.


It's the only one in the world that's a licensed medical facility. And it's, and they're prepared when people wig, you know, they know what to do. They know how to hold you down. Yeah. And they do too. They, they'll fucking bind you up and wait till it to clear. 'cause they know that you're at a point in this, that you're going through some heavy shit. One of them was an NFL player last time I was there. Oh no. This guy was fucking huge plays from Buffalo. And, and he just, and I was like, God, if, if you had to pick somebody to wig, you would say, please don't let it be that fucking dude. Did he wig, he rigged. Oh No.


He rigged big time. Oh no. And, and started just screaming, get the fuck away from me. Oh no. And which will, you know, that kind of, you know, you got 70 people in this room that are tripping. And so Oh No, what a, what a bummer. And it was, and, but they got big guys too. Oh, there you go. And so they just got him out of the room, got him calmed down and he didn't leave. You know, he, he just, he was going through some shit. Mm. The first time I went there, this girl from Japan started kicking and screaming and they took her outside and they had to fucking subdue her.


But at the end of the day, the person with the biggest smile on their face was her because she worked through some shit that I can't even talk about that I, to know what it was. But it ain't worth knowing. And, but she found pure fucking joy and peace in her life. And you could see it in her face, you know, and I was wondering why when she was wigging out, why is nobody flipping out but me? 'cause the people that worked there weren't flipping out at all because they've seen it. Yeah. And there's nothing they haven't seen. There's been 18,000 people through that facility and so they've seen it all. Right. And, but they just know how to, they know how to handle it.


Well, I wonder if you're just in some mansion in Beverly Hills or whatever, if there's somebody there that knows how to handle it. Probably not. Probably not. Probably not. So, especially if you don't know what you're gonna get hit with. Yeah. And you need to be in a really safe place where people know how to guide you through it. Yeah. You know, you don't, it's not something I think you want to grab a handful of and go sit in a fucking closet, you know, and try to figure it out for yourself. So yeah. That's the real weirdness of any kind of a psychedelic journey is that you're probably gonna be going through some shit and someone could either manipulate you during that time or help you during that time.


Right. And there are people that will manipulate you. Absolutely. And, and that's why, you know, that's why I go to this place. That's not that easy, easy to go to. But just because it's so safe, you know, it's just, it's set up perfectly for what they're trying to do. And, And it was, it was this guy's dream to do that, to make it accessible to regular people. So back then when he opened up, you had to go to a corrugated tin shack in Peru or wherever to get this stuff. And he said, I want to make a place that's safe to go. And people feel comfortable And, you know, so it's, Isn't it kind of crazy that that's illegal?


I mean, it's kind of the weirdest thing of all time that we haven't just as a society went, okay, why are all these people going to these places? Okay. When they come back, do they have positive experiences? Does it help them? Yeah, a lot of them. Okay, why don't we do that here? It should be that simple. Should be that simple. It should be so simple. Yeah. There was a guy there that was on a scholarship they had for basically wounded Warriors that are going through heavy PTSD. There's an organization that is, that's sending guys to arrhythmia. And, and so, and I, I got to talk to him a lot while he was there. And he was a psychologist and, but, and he was, he was fucked up.


And, but I kind of got to watch his transformation a little bit. Watch this guy coming around. And I'd seen that and I'd seen the transformation in myself where I could just not be so angry and not be, and not hold all this hate, you know, that Right. That I, that it, that, that takes so much energy to fucking control. And to have them really show me a way to let all that stuff go, you know, to and to be a happier person, you know, that it, and it's hard to, I really don't understand ayahuasca, so it's really hard to explain it to somebody else, you know, but the, but I don't Think anybody really understands it.


Yeah. Right. And I know there's some stuff that's stronger than that, but I don't, that's crazy. I don't know what it's called. What Iboga, you mean? Is that what it is? Iboga is the one that people use for addiction. There's a place called Beyond that's in Mexico that does that. Rick Perry was telling us about that. A lot of former governor Rick Perry's. Yeah. A part of that. He really wants to bring Ibogaine to Texas and have treatment centers. Well, we can be gambling here. I think they can get ibogaine. I I think especially with a Republican like Rick Perry who's really concerned about the mental health of veterans. 'cause I think that's where it really shines.


Ibogaine in particular helps a lot of people. Helps a, it gives you like a review of your life apparently. I've never experienced it, but the people that have have very positive things to say about it. And it's incredibly good at helping people get over addictions. It has a very high success rate for one treatment. I think it's in the 80%. And then for, if you do two treatments is, is in the mid nineties. That's Fucking amazing. Yeah. People that never go back to the drugs, never, never go back to whatever. It's gambling. Whatever you have, whatever's wrong with you. All you gotta do is figure out what's wrong with you. Yeah. You gotta figure out why you're doing that. Like, what is this pathway that I keep going down that's sabotaging my whole life?


And why, why can I not resist it? Why do I keep reaching for the bottle? What is it? Why do I keep snorting coke? What is it? What is it? Right. Well, that was the question I had with myself is 'cause I drank like a fool for years And you don't say It was funny. 'cause they were, whenever I, I was single again. I, and I was in the green room and I said, maybe I'll start drinking again. And everybody at one time went, no, No, no, no, no, No. That's not it. I was just kidding. I was just kidding. Well, You quit like that though. You did. Like you were Gone. I did. And but, but I went to to, to rhythm rhythmic with intention.


I wanted to know why I was doing this to myself and why I could not see a way to quit. And it was so tied up in my persona and my stage presence, who I really was at the time. And I'm like, why is this all tied to me and why can't I shake it? And, and so with that, I also went through hypnosis. 'cause I had to get sober before I went to, because that's not what their deal is. Right. They're not a treatment facility. It could be a byproduct of it, but they're like, yeah, we're, we're not gonna, we, we don't have detox here. You know? Right. So you have to quit some other way. And, And it, And it, once you've been sober for a month, You can come down here, which is exactly what I did.


I came up with a way to do that through hypnosis, which I thought was pretty effective. And, and, but I got sober once before in one of those rehabs in Malibu for 90 grand. And it, which was at the time I was spiraling. You know, I was, I was living in a five star hotel in Beverly Hills. I was doing a bunch of blow. I was screwing expensive hookers, which is exactly my life plan. You know, I, I'm like, okay, here it is. This is, And it ended up feeling pretty hollow, you know? And I, I ended up going there and, and I stayed sober for about Maybe six months or something like that.


But it was white knuckle the whole fucking time. Ooh. Of, you know, no fun. But when I, when I did it the way I did it, when I checked into that facility, I got the sweat night sweats so bad when I quit that I would, they had two beds in the new people's things. And I would soak the sheets in one of them and move to the other bed and soak the sheets in that one I was detoxing big time. Never happened this time. I never had a night sweat. Never regretted it, never thought about it again. Never tempted Wow. To drink again. And, And, you know, and I, I own number one tequila still, and, and it's there at the green room every night.


And I'm not even, it doesn't even bother me a bit. That's Interesting. So that's what the big fear a lot of people have is how will I still be around bars? Right. And it, you know, and, and, and Yeah. Is it a little awkward at first? Yes. And do I hang out in bars all the time other than our club? No, I don't. I mean, I, I'll go listen to music if there's some, but just to go to a bar and hang out, I just don't do it. Right. And for whatever reason. Well, It's not that much fun being around drunks when you're sober. No. It's really not. But you gotta be in the vibe of the drunks Yeah. To appreciate drunk talk. Yeah. When you're sober and someone's drunk and they're telling you some fucking story about their boss being a douche bag, it's like, Whoa.


Right. So, and I also have a tendency, a natural tendency to just kinda isolate anyway, you know? And so I, I really, that's one of the things I love about the club, is it gets me out of the house. It gets me to go down there where my friends are and do what I do for a living. And I, what I do for a living and what I do for fun. Both. I think a lot of people have that problem, that isolation problem, you know? Yeah. Yeah. Because I think that I, I think that that people like you and I, I think a lot is, a lot gets dumped on us. You know, because I'm the, of all the friends that I know that I've known for a long while, I'm the only one that has, that's been very successful.


Not outta my comic friends, but outta my regular friends. And, and, And it seems like I get just, I have to take in a lot of stuff and I never knew how to get rid of it. So I would just get to the point where I was full and I couldn't take anymore. And that's when I would isolate myself. Right. Too many people want something from Him. Too many people want something. That's why I'm gravitate towards you is 'cause I don't, you don't want Jack's shit from me except for me to be your buddy and let us be brothers in comedy and whatever. So, and Life,


this episode is brought to you by Squarespace. Have you ever been shopping online? And the website just gave you the ick, let me tell you, that wouldn't happen if they used Squarespace. Squarespace Design Intelligence empowers anyone to build beautiful, more personalized websites tailored to your unique needs. And with Squarespace payments, it's super easy to manage payments with just a few clicks. Plus, with Squarespace's integrated and optimized SEO tools, there's all the help you need to get people to your site. Head to Squarespace dot com slash Emma for a free trial and use code, Emma to save 10% on your first purchase.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. Summer is almost here. And You can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but You can get chicken Parmesan delivered Catamaran. That's a no lemon meringue. That's a yes. A day in the sun. No. A bottle of rum. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely help you out with that. Get almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You must be legal drinking age, please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by Region C App for details


And life. And so, you know, so that's really good for me. Even today, you know, that's what gets me outta the house sometimes, you know? Oh, me too. And I mean, I love being home. I love being home with my family hanging out. But my comedy family, I love being around too. And that's what I feel like, I feel like when, especially when comics are in town, that I don't get to see that often, you know? Oh, it's cool as shit. Oh, we all hang out together. It's beautiful. Who were those two actors that were at the club the other day? It was so much fun to have them in there. The, those, it was, which night? Fuck, I don't know. We we get a lot of visitors When Woody was there. No.


Oh, Jim Will Ornette and Brad Cooper. Yeah, Brad Cooper. And well, it was fun to have him in the green room because, you know, we, we've, we, we all, we're all around each other all the time, so it was fun to have a new people in there with, with stories we've never heard, You know? Oh, I wasn't there for that one. Yeah, it was, it was cool as shit, you know? Oh, wow. Just to have him hanging out, you know, good guys, you know. Yeah. Woody was there. You weren't here when Woody was there? No. Oh my God. He was so much fun. He's so fun. Did he do your show? No, he just, yeah, he did my show. But then this, that was nights before that. And he just wanted to come to the club. He's been to the club a couple of times now. Harrelson? Yeah. Oh, I didn't know that. Yeah, He's just been hanging out.


Fuck. I always wanted to meet that guy. Oh, he's so nice. He, we just all hung out in the green room and he was just like one of the boys. It was so easy. How Fucking cool is that? So cool. So he's so easy to talk to. So like, and talks to everybody the same way. He's like, so easy. He's just a genuine dude. He don't even have a phone. You can't even get ahold of him. Really? Yeah. He don't have a phone. Doesn't have e doesn't do email. Fuck you. No shit. Yeah. He is like a, he's got an assistant that handles everything. Yeah. Which is probably a freeing thing, you know? Just, just be, just stop. Just stop. Leave me alone. Right. You know? Well, I don't answer emails anyway, so, but it's also Like, let me know what I actually, let me think about what I think about things instead of being inundated by all these other people's thoughts constantly all day long.


Which is valuable. It's good to get other people's perspectives on things. I think it enriches you, but at a certain point in time, become, become captive to it. And I think there's just too many people that are captive to other people's thoughts. I think so too. That's why I'm so close-minded. And I really am, I'm truly close-minded. And I think you're open-minded. And I, I try to be, and, and I, and I, and I struggle with that because just letting people pour information into my head. Yeah. You know, I just, I I just tend to avoid it. I I, I am engaged, you know, in that I, I do follow things closely and not the stock market, but everything else.


But, you know, that's been a little breeze. Yeah. Don't, don't follow the stock market right now. It's so baffling. It's so crazy. Like, what is going on? Like, the whole world's mad at us Trump's playing golf and in between swings he's on the phone with presidents of countries. Yeah. We're gonna need more Money. Yep. That's what somebody told me the other day. Like, is he playing checkers? Is he playing chess? He's playing golf. He's playing golf. That's like, what does that mean? Everybody wants to think there's some like, grand plan to it. Well, they think the grand plan is, look, you the, you know, we remember back when the, was it the 92 elections when Ross Perot was in, so when Ross Perot laid out, what happened?


Do you remember during that debate where Ross Perot laid out what happened with the tariffs so that like they, when we try to sell stuff over there, we get a, a high tariff. It's like a 35% tariff, but they don't get tariffs when it comes over here. It's not the same. It's not like, you know, you guys, there's a tax on everybody. If you wanna sell your goods to encourage people to buy American products, if you wanna sell your products in America, sure we get a tax, that tax goes to the fucking grid or whatever the hell they're fixing with it. Right. Ross Pro was laying it out like, this is how all the jobs went to Mexico. Because have you ever seen that, Jamie? I Know. It's, it's, see if you can find it. It's a great speech. 'cause Ross, He talked about the giant sucking sound of Yes.


You actually mentioned that earlier In the podcast. Right? That's what I was talking about. Yes. That's it. That's funny. Did you just see that recently or something? No, I just remember It. Oh boy. The giant suck. Let's, he Would've been a great president, but he Just, he, I voted for him. He had big ears. You know, he didn't come across on tv. He was also Also independent on tv. He was an independent and nobody was voting for independent, by the way. They changed the whole way debates work after this. Because it used to be if you got 5% of the vote in the primary that you could be a part of the presidential debates and that's not the case anymore. Or it was 5% in a poll. I forget what the number was that you had to reach, but it wasn't a high threshold. And then you could be a part of the debate. And they changed the shit outta that after this.


'cause Ross Perot tanked it. They thought HW was gonna go for a second term. Right. And meanwhile, Ross, bro fucked it up. 'cause a lot of people that would've voted for Bush, voted for Ross. And the people that were already gonna vote for Clinton voted for Clinton. And Clinton won. Right. But play this, Jim, I didn't spend $13, $14 an hour for factory workers. And you can move your factory south the border, pay a dollar an hour for labor, hire a young 25. Let's assume you've been in business for a long time. You've gotta mature workforce. Pay a dollar an hour for your labor, have no healthcare. That's the most expensive single element. Making a car. Have no environmental controls, no pollution controls, and no retirement. And you don't care about anything but making money. There will be a jounce sucking sound going There.


It's right there. That's it. We, if, If the people send me to Washington, the first thing I'll do is study that 2000 page agreement and make sure it's a two-way street. I, one last point here, I've called, I've decided I was dumb and didn't understand it. So I called the who's who of the folks who've been around it. And I said, why won't everybody go south? They said we'll be disrupted. I said, for how long? I finally got 'em up for 12 to 15 years. And I said, well, how does it stop being disrupted? And that is when their jobs come up from a dollar an hour to $6 an hour, and ours go down to $6 an hour, then it's leveled again. But in the meantime, you've wrecked the country with these kinds of deals. Jesus Christ. He was right. What a fucking smart man He was. Right? Yeah. And that's exactly what happened. American manufacturing collapsed.


Yeah. And they did it all for money. And they did it all because they were greedy. They were already rich. Right. And if we could've just gotten those motherfuckers from ayahuasca, Jesus Christ, they'd have smoothed the fuck out man. They would've said, oh, okay, okay, okay, okay. Yeah. Let's be nice. Let's Make America great again. I don't understand the trade war with, with Canada. 'cause have you ever met a Canadian that had $35 in his pocket? No, they're all broke. They have $22. That's really, and they'll buy you a beer. You know, I love Canadian all brokes. I've always, yeah, they're broke. They don't have any money up there. How Come they don't have any money? Because of they, because it's socialism. You know, they just, they I think it's a great place.


Don't you love Canada? I love it. Well, they have socialized medicine, but it's not, it's a capitalist society. It Is, but socialized medicine And it iss expensive. So they, what, how Much, what percentage did Canadians paying taxes? So, I don't Know. Let's find that out. What is, what's the Canadian tax rate? I know it's higher than Americans. I know. Mine's a bitch. And when you go over there, you have to pay taxes too. Like if you do a gig, I, yeah, you have to pay taxes. Yeah. You pay Canadian taxes on your gig And you get paid in Canadian dollars. And I, I'm not going up there much for shows. Yeah. But you know, So here it is. Canadian Canada's top federal income tax rate is 33%. Ooh. Well, the US is 37%.


Right. However, When combining federal, provincial state taxes, Canadians often face higher marginal rates across various income levels. That's interesting that theirs is only 33%. Ours is 37. I thought ours was lower than theirs. I thought ours was 40. Well, it is when you get to a certain tax bracket. Correct. Isn't it? Ours changes when you get higher, right? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. It does. 33% on the portion over $246,000. What's a, what's ours in terms of like the highest tax bracket? What's the highest us? Is it 37? That's what it is.


What's really crazy to me is when people say the rich should pay more taxes. Okay, fine. But where do you think that's going? Where's that going? Where's the money going? Is the money's going to the federal government? Do you think they're good at it? Do you think they're good at managing your money? Have you paid attention to all the shit Elon's fucking uncovered. 37% is when you make over $609,000 a year. That's you motherfucker. Oh, well that's, that's me last month. This is the thing. It's like, I'm happy to pay tax if I thought that they were doing a great job. But it's just you are being strong armed into giving money to people that do a really shitty job of protecting your money and, and in and investing it in the country.


It's a lot of, it's going to bureaucracy and bullshit and a bunch of things that you don't have any saying. If you could like opt out of it, if you could, like, imagine if you like pick what you, you know, if you had like a whole tax sheet, what'd you like your money to go to? Would you like your money to go to overthrowing governments? No. Like what if the federal government's budget was entirely based on the will of the people. Like, you get to choose like how much of your money you want to put into drone strikes in Yemen. I say I don't want zero of my money going to that. You know, how many, how much money do you want to go to this or that? Or clean water. Okay. Clean water sounds good. You know how much infrastructure Fuck Yeah.


Fix the streets. Well, I'm kind of, I agree with you and I, and I've just heard you say this, that you know that everybody should have access to healthcare and education. A Hundred Percent. And the whole country. The whole country. Everybody community. That would rise us all up. 100% less losers. Yeah. That's how you make America great. Less losers, less people that are saddled down with a lifetime of debt because they broke their leg. That's crazy. Yeah. All my, you know, all my son's friends are all saddled with $90,000 worth of fucking student loan debt and subsidized. And my son was lucky enough to that I had enough money to pay for his, you know, and, and so he doesn't have that burden.


But God damnit, nobody should have that burden. If, for an,


this Episode is brought to you by Intuit TurboTax. One thing I've learned from doing this podcast is the value of having real experts around whether it's someone breaking down complex science, health, or even philosophy. Having the right people makes all the difference. That's exactly what TurboTax does for your taxes. Because now taxes is matching with a TurboTax live expert for your unique tax situation. Your expert is backed by cutting edge technology that cross checks millions of data points for absolute accuracy. And while they work on your taxes, you can get real time updates on their progress and get the most money back all while you go about your day, which means less stress for you and the best possible outcome for your return. It's 2025. It's time to file like it now. This is taxes Intuit TurboTax. Get an expert now@turbotax.com.


This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. Sometimes speed is a huge asset, like in the ring or on the field. Being quicker than your opponent could be the difference between winning and losing in the world of business. It could be the difference between finding or missing out on your next great hire. Luckily, you can speed up the hiring process with ZipRecruiter. New zip intro feature can help you meet several interested qualified candidates at once, kind of like speed dating. And right now you can try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro works fast to find the people you need. You can literally post your job today and start talking to candidates in back to back calls tomorrow. It's that fast. And best of all, this feature does a lot of the legwork for you. It finds you top talent for your role and schedules those calls. All you need to do is pick a time. Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with zip intro only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro post jobs today, talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


Education, it Seems, and it's just a for-profit institution that roped you into thinking that that was necessary. That you have to be, and by the way, you can get as good an education right now online as is available anywhere on earth if you Have the discipline to, if You have the discipline. Right? Yeah. That's what's so wild. That's what's so fascinating about this time, is that it is basically obsolete and yet people are still paying $70,000 a year for it. And more like what, what does Harvard cost? How much does Harvard, what's Harvard's yearly tuition? Jamie? Me. What do you guess I was at least 50, 60. Yeah. At least 50. I Imagine if you're a middle class guy and you got two kids and they do real good and they don't have scholarships and you gotta pay for them.


I can't imagine. I mean, I, I don't see how people do it. I mean, I really don't. They barely do it. Oh boy. The total cost of attendance include including fees, housing and food. Reaching around $82,000. Undergraduate tuition is $56,550 for a year. That's a lot of money, man. Oof. That's one year. Oof. And if you drop out after one year, then you have nothing and you're down 80 grand. But if you make it through those four years, now you're 200 grand in the hole that you owe. And then you have to get a job. And then you get a job that pays 50. And you're like, what? Yeah. Oh my God, I'll never Pay this off. How do we wash this?


Right. And Then I'll never pay this off. And then you have a, to throw a couple of kids on top of that and, and You know, something wild? There's people out there, their social security is getting docked because they owe student loans. So they take money outta your social security to pay for your student loans. 'cause the student loans is the one thing You can never escape. You can't bankrupt it. You you Can't. Which is so crazy. It's cruel. It doesn't make any sense. You're saddling an 18-year-old with the burden of a lifetime. Co Harvard, were off of free tuition for families earning $200,000 or less a year. Oh, that's great. To Who? That's a new thing. Offering it to who? You can't even get into Harvard.


Right. But it's still a good, we'll be free for students families earning $200,000 or less a year. College announced Monday. Harvard is long sought to open our doors to the most talented students, no matter their financial circumstances. That's great. Yeah, it is. That's great. I just don't know if it's necessary. I think it's probably necessary for kids to go to school just to like a passage, a rite of passage. You know, like I think ceremonies and rites of passages are missing in our society. Yeah. And especially I could speak for young men, they don't know when they're a man. Like, am I a man yet? Am I a man? Like there's some men that, you know, in their thirties, their dad's still yelling at them. Right. You know what I mean? It's like, when am I, when do I, am I a man?


When am I an equal? When am I, you know, we don't have a ceremony, you know, and other tribal societies and all, all throughout history, people have had rituals, rites of passage, rituals where people feel like, okay, we fucking made it. You know, like, you have a black belt ceremony, you got your black belt. Alright. Right. I made it, you know, I'm in. But you know that, so I think there's a benefit in that society. But then you gotta like unlearn all this shit your fucking crazy professors are telling you. Did you go to College? Yes, I went to UMass Boston. Oh wow. That's a good school. Yeah, Right. Easy to get into. I was, I only went because I didn't want people thinking I was a loser.


That's the only reason why I went. I just wasted my time there. I went for three years just wasting my time taking class so I could tell people I was going to college. Oh. I didn't waste any time. I, I got kicked out of high school in the 10th grade. So, you know, my mind is an open book there. There's a lot of the pages aren't filled in. And I, You know what? And I, I always kind of, I I regret, I regret that a little bit. You know, that, that I didn't go to college, that I didn't What Do you regret about it? Well, just, you know, I, I, well, number one, I think I'd be smarter.


I, but I, I don't know what it is. And I, and, and I've, I've made it just fine with what I've had. You know, and, And you know, I've got attention deficit disorder and, and all these things. It really kept me from doing traditional schoolwork very well. I'm not even sure that's real Attention deficit Disorder. Yeah. I don't think it's Real. You don't? No. Let me change your mind. I think there's a lot of people that aren't interested in a lot of things, but when they're interested, when I, when they say Attention deficit disorder, why are those guys so good at video games? Like, why are they so good at things that aren't school? I think it's just you. I think the human, I think we could categorize it into a bunch of different, like disorders and problems. And, but I think a lot of that is a way to get you hooked on some sort of pharmaceutical drug that's gonna fix whatever problem you have that doesn't allow you to sit in class and listen to some boring shit for fucking six hours.


Right, right. You got no problem writing jokes, Ron White. No. You got no problem performing. Like, it's, it's not like there's not a thing that you can't excel at that you can, you can pay attention when you're on Stage. Well, I know, I don't know about that. I think standup comedy was the answer to every problem I had. No, you're just, you know, because that's what I was good at. You're A comic. You are, you are a comic. Like that's who you, what you're supposed to do. But, But lemme give you an example. But that's my point is that there's a lot of different, like functions in society. There's a lot of different roles in society. I think they probably tag a DD to people that don't have it. But I know that I still have it.


So if let's say that I was gonna put together a ceiling fan and hang it in my roof, which I'm not, I could no more do that than the man in the moon without an Adderall. If I take an Adderall, I'll read the directions. I'll put the whole thing together and hang it on. No problem without it. I Bet you can do it Without it. I just stare at it. I've, I've tried. You just kept, I've tried. You're bored. You, you need excitement. You just, you're certain type of dude who needs a certain type of stimulation, you know? Which is why you like the high wire act of performing live. I don't think it's a disorder. I think it's a superpower. Ah, I do.


Well I like the sound of that. I do, I think the ability, the inability to pay attention to shit that's not interesting. It's not a disorder. It's just, you know, what's interesting and what's not, you know, to this like, maybe I have it too. 'cause to this day when I'm talking to someone, they're saying something really boring. I go, I wanna run Away. Right. You don't, you don't hear a word that's coming out mouth. I don't hear a word and I just can't. It's like it's, Yeah. I just wanna get out. I'm, I'm the same way. But that Doesn't, I mean, I have a disorder. I don't think I have a disorder. 'cause if I'm talking to you, I got no problem at all. Well, let's, let's, let's get two ceiling fans out here. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm sure I'm not that good at putting together a ceiling fan either.


I wouldn't enjoy it, but I could do it. You just follow the directions. Like you could follow directions. It's not hard. It's just you wouldn't enjoy it. But if it was something that you enjoyed doing, like learning how to swing a golf club better. Yeah. And you could pay attention. I do pay attention to that. That's all I'm saying. I think there's roles in this world. There's, there's, and, and different personalities fit perfectly into mathematics. Different personalities fit perfectly in philosophy, different per engineering, different personalities. It's like you just gotta find out what, what vibes with the way you think. And we all think differently. We all have different backgrounds. We all have different biology. You know, you just gotta find what is the thing that like syns up with the way your mind works.


And the problem with traditional education is there, it was designed by the Rockefeller family. Like the school system in this country was designed to create better factory workers. Right. And, and soldiers. And to get them real early. That's why they wanna start you at five. 'cause they figured out when you start people at 12 or 13, they already got their ideas of what the world is and how the world works. And I'm not fucking shooting somebody for you. You know. So what they do is they get you when you're five and when you're five, they can kind of indoctrinate you Sure. Separate you from your parents most of the day while your parents are at work. And so that's like most of your day you have other people other than your parents telling you how the world is, how the world works, what's happening in, in, you know, in your life and what you should be doing.


And that's kind of crazy because a lot of those people suck. I remember thinking that when I was a kid, like thinking how strange it is that people that I don't respect and I don't enjoy are the ones that are in control of communicating to me most of the day. I remember very clearly thinking that when I was a little kid, like 10, 11 years old. Yeah. You know, I know that when, when I was a kid I used to have this, this history teacher who was also a PE coach. Now he had something as intriguing as history to teach me, but I could not listen to him talk. So he couldn't even make American history. Interesting. Mm. But a good teacher could have done it.


Yes. A good teacher could have roped me in. Yeah. To what was going on and the story of it and how it affects my life and the lives of my parents and my grandparents. How it all went down, you know? Yeah. And you, that's an interesting story. But if you're a dull fucking assistant coach basketball and now you got a fucking one period of history and you have a monotone voice and I'm just buzz out of it. That's the problem. Imagine what it would've been like to have access to wonderful educators. Right. But if you were listening to, like, you ever listen to Dan Carlin's podcast? No. He's got this podcast called Hardcore History. It's incredible. Incredible. It's amazing. It's such a good podcast.


And this guy will like lay out the events of World War I in a way that you, you'll hang on every word and you'll park your car. Like if you gotta go somewhere, you'll keep your car running. 'cause you just wanna listen to where this is going. Wow. Yeah. So if a guy like that was teaching you history, That would've been great. Would, I mean, I mean, I think I would've been engaged. You probably would've been a historian. Yeah. Making nothing. Yeah. I mean, but this, he Dan Carlin's doing well. But that's someone who loves what they do. And that's the difference. School is this weird indoctrination fucking ritual that we all have to go through and then we all have to feel real bad about ourselves.


'cause we don't wanna be there and we're not doing good at it. I felt like a fucking complete loser in school. I never felt like I was, that I was supposed to be there. I never felt like I was smart, you know? But I remember like le like finally when I realized that I was never like, when I was going to school for three years, when I went to college for three years, when I finally was like, what am I doing? I gotta stop doing this. This is just wasting time. 'cause that's all I was doing. It was just completely wasting time. It was like a huge weight lifted off my shoulders. I could just go, eh, this is not for me. Well The one thing is I didn't waste that time. You know?


Right. There you go. So there You go. I did The, but you know, I, I think I'd have a better understanding of how the world works if I'd understood world history. Right. You know, that. I mean, those kinds of things. I, you know, I just wish I was, you know, I wish I had an education. I would, but I would just, what would I do with it? I have no idea. I'd still do stand up. So Yeah. Well, Hopefully. And I wouldn't be any fucking fun. Jesus Christ. Imagine if you did. Imagine if you did go down a different road, that would've sucked. I know. I was, before I started doing standup, I was a wind salesman and, and I was broke and I had nothing.


And I was unimpressive and my in-laws bought us a garage door opener. So I had a garage door opener. Now you're gonna think this is really fucking weird. I used to wear that garage door opener on my belt so people would think I had a beeper. I Just hang it, clip it right there on my Belt. Oh, people don't know about the beeper. Yeah. Yeah. I just, A lot people listening right now. Like I have no idea what that is. Ron and I have been through all the various stages of technological inter Wizardry.


Yeah. But the in intertwining of our, in our lives, the way, you know, the, the first thing was the beeper. Like you would get a beeper. Like my friend Johnny had one. You could page people, you could page him and he would call the number. Yeah. Hey, What's up? And you stop at a phone booth. Yeah. Yeah. Now that what a phone booth is. And you'd have to like put quarters in the phone booth and look at the beeper and Yeah. Hey, what's up? Hey, what's going on? Where you at? And you'd have a conversation with someone. That's how you'd get ahold of him. You'd have to pay him. Right? Yeah. Joey Diaz had a pager forever. Joey Diaz had a pager deep into the, like, maybe the two thousands.


Wow. Not kidding. Yeah, definitely in the nineties he had a pager. 'cause I remember sometimes he would go AWOL and I'd be paged. I'm like, where are you? Like, one time we were doing a gig in Jersey. We're doing Rascals in East Orange. And he fucking never showed up. And I finally got a hold of on the phone. He's like, I'm not gonna lie to you, Dog. I never left Vegas. Like, God damn it Joey. I'll never forget that conversation. I never left Vegas. I'm not gonna lie to you, dog. I never left Vegas. It was just having a good time. But that's how you got ahold of him. You'd have to page him. That was it. And then when you got, then one day he got a phone, and when he got a phone, you better not fucking text him.


If you text him, he'll yell at you. Like Brian Red Band used to text him. He go, stop Fucking texting me. And then Joey eventually got an iPhone and Brian got a text from him one day. I'm like, Oh, he's texting. He's like, he fucking texted me. Now we'll text you, but he doesn't like to text call. How's he doing? He's good. Yeah. He's coming down soon. He's gonna be here in a couple weeks. Good, good. He He's coming be coming real soon. Right? When is he here? Two weeks. Two weeks. Okay. Yeah. He would, he only wants to talk to you on the phone. I go, why, why do you, why don't you like talking to people? He goes, he goes, I'm insecure. I want to hear your voice. I wanna tell you I love you. Yeah. I'm like, okay. I get it. I get it. He's old school. Yeah, he, yeah.


He calls me every once in a while just to say hello. Just to say hi. Yeah. Just to say hi. Yeah. He's like the, just Checking on


UF C3 14 is headed to South Beach And it won't be all glitz and glamor, but the stars will be out. Don't miss any of the action at Draftking Sports book. The official sports betting partner of the UFC. It promises to be another banger of events, especially in the featherweight main event between two evenly matched fighters, Alexander Vol Kovski, and Diego Lopez. It should be wild first time. Just pick something simple like a fighter to win and make your pick. It's that simple. And if you're new to DraftKings, listen up. New customers can bet five bucks to get $150 in bonus bets instantly. Step into the octagon with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app now and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, call the Virginia problem Gambling helpline at 8 8 8 5 3 2 3521. And over Virginia Only eligibility restrictions apply. New customers only bonus bets Expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


Hello friends. I want to tell you about my favorite sunglasses. They're called Rocha. They're made right here in Austin, Texas. And they're the best sunglasses I've ever found for outdoor activities. I can run around in them, I can do shit. They never fall off your head. They fit tight but comfortable. Roca is a super innovative, independent eyewear company based right here in Austin, Texas. They work with top scientists and Navy Seals and Olympic gold medalists and Ironman champions and some other incredible people to make the best, most comfortable and capable eyewear out there for people like you and me. And I'm telling you, RO as shit just works different. They feel great and you'll notice it from the first time you put it on your face. They don't fall off seriously. If you're sweaty, they stay in place. Even better. They don't slip gym stuff, kettlebells yoga sprints, chasing the dog, whatever you're into, it could just be leaning over to pick up your kids. Everything stays on your face and feels great with crystal clear optics. It's great. If you need prescription glasses or you're looking for sunglasses for summer, now's your chance. Tap the banner to find a pair of kick ass glasses now. Or visit rocha.com and use the code Rogan for 20% off at checkout. That's ROK a.com.


Yeah, He might be the number one dude that I just talked to. Mostly on the phone. Very few text messages between me and Joey. But then I'll ask him like, Hey, is April 22nd good? Yeah, we're good. Okay. See you then. So is he just come down to do sets and He's coming down to do sets. He's getting ready. He's gonna do a special, so he's, he's doing a bunch of shows. He's got a, a residency I think he's doing in Philly. Is he doing in Philly? We'll find out when he gets here. But he's doing a residency. He's done a few of these residencies where he shows up like every weekend he has shows, places people love him. He did, he opened up for Tom in Madison Square Garden. Tom said when he went on stage, they went fucking ape shit. Oh, how cool is that?


They went ape shit 'cause they didn't know he was coming, you know? And then all of a sudden, ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Joey Diaz. They would, he's like the snuffle. He's a mystical Creature, right? He is. He is. There's nothing like him. Nothing like him. He's a completely unique human being. You know, It was fun to watch him just stomp the fuck out of the fucking room at the, at the store, man. He just beat the Oh yeah. Shit. Out of those crowds. Oh, get the shit outta those crowds. Some of the sets that I've seen him have in the, or would I think I, I, I think it's the funniest thing I've ever seen in my life. I've seen everybody. I've seen everyone great, great, great comedians who I love to death.


I, and I'll watch them every time they perform. But I think Joey hit RPMs that nobody hit. Like he, he hit these moments. Oh, I saw him wind them up, man. Just wind them up. It's like when people say like, who's the funniest guy ever? I'm like, come man, I don't, you know, there's guys with great insight. Like Patrice had great insight. He was really hilarious. But he also had like, great insight. Joey di you ain't getting no insight outta Joey Diaz. No, no. He's giving you, he's rocking sock him robots. He's Here to Fuck you up. He's here to fuck that crowd up. He, he used to have this bit about Terry Cruz.


Like when Terry Cruz accused some guy of grabbing his dick, you know, and he had this bit about Terry Cruz in the underwear commercial. Oh my God. It was so funny. You would, you'd be in the back of the room just barely breathe. You couldn't breathe everyone. Like I was looking around, the people are falling out their chairs, like they couldn't handle it. And he was on fire just purple fucking red in the face, screaming and yelling. Yeah. Like, oh my god. Yeah. Oh my God. Oh my God. That was some of the first sets I saw you do at the store. And when you were doing that bit where you were standing on top of the stool. Oh, Kim Kardashian bit. Yeah. Yeah. Fucking, and I, I just remember just going, just how just dick slapped those fucking crowds.


I'm like, God damnit. He, he's good at this. Fuck. It's a fun job, bro. It Is the funnest job, man. We're so lucky. We're, we're so lucky in so many ways. It just, it doesn't make sense. Doesn't make sense. Yeah. When I think about a life without standup, it makes me nervous to even think about, Well, we almost did It right? Yeah. I mean, when we all went through that with Covid, I mean, you were basically saying you were done. I thought it was done. Yeah. I I I did. And it anymore, And it was, I was halfway through every set. I was, couldn't wait for it to be over. Wow. And, and now I go on stage and I have this whole new gratitude for these crowds, you know, that are still there waiting bigger than ever.


My show sell out faster than they ever have. Isn't that amazing? And part of it's just because there's less of them, I guess. But also it's because of my friends. You know, the word gets out. You know, you guys didn't let me die. Yeah. Yeah. We knew. I mean, I tell everybody, but it's true. Like, you're one of the reasons why we decided to buy a club because you grabbed, because you grabbed me when you got off stage that first time you hadn't been on stage only eight months and you grabbed me by the shoulder, like, whatever the fuck we have to do, we're gonna keep doing this. Yeah. And we did. I'll never forget that moment. I was like, okay, we're gonna do it. He goes, you're gonna get that fucking club open.


I'm like, we're gonna do it. I was already thinking about doing it very seriously because I realized like early on coming here, I was like, we need a place. We can't just be working out these rock and roll clubs. They're not set up right. No. You know? No, there's a difference. I don't even like to do, I don't even like to do sets other places. I don't either. That's really what's wrong with the, with the mothership. I know. It'll spoil your fucking ass, you know, with great crowds and perfect acoustics and an amazing sound system. And, and you know, just, and then when you move over to another room, which I rarely do, do another set in town. I did one the other a couple months ago and I was like, this sucks.


I'm, if you guys wanna find me, I'll be down at the mothership. And, but yeah, We did it Ron. Yeah. We actually did it. You know, it's interesting when you look back at those conversations we used to have, like, we were in the Vulcan hanging out in the green room talking about what the club's gonna be like. Yeah. It seemed like a pipe dream. And I know a lot of people probably did think it was fake. There was a lot of people in LA like Tony used to talk to him all the time. Yeah. When's Joe opening that club? Club's never gonna open. It's all bullshit. You guys moved down there for no fucking reason. 'cause the thing about you taking a, making a choice that's a scar. Oh, we do. Yeah. If the thing about you making a choice to go And, you know, start something up and the people that are left behind, they kind of want you to fail.


Especially the haters. Right. They want you to, so Tony was like encountering that all the time. These people that just, for whatever reason, they don't want other people to, they don't want other people to escape the bomb that they're in. You know, it's like people from the neighborhood that don't want you to leave. And when you do leave, oh, look who's back. Right. People, for whatever reason, people really like, when people fail, you know, it's a gross feeling. It's a gross thing, but it's super, super common looking for a joint. Yeah. Jesus Christ, Ron White. Don't you know where in Texas, you know, that's the first thing they gotta fix is make this shit legal in the whole country.


It's so crazy that it's What's stopping 'em? Oh, I don't know. I don't understand it. I mean, it's a political beach ball. It's one of those things that just gets tossed around that I think is good for the establishment that runs the country. It's good to keep it up in the air. Like, I'll promise when I get in office, gays will be able to marry. Yay. Oh, right. And then they're talking about, there's people that wanna take that off the table. You know, it's like, there's a bunch of those things like Roe v Wade, that was a big one. There's a bunch of these cultural beach balls that are very important issues to some people, and they get exploited by politicians as a way to promise you this and promise you that.


But sure. But it never, nothing ever gets fixed. Nothing ever changes. Right. You know? Well, it's changing a little, you know, I didn't think marijuana would ever be legal in Oklahoma. I thought they'd be behind us, you know, but boy, you go there now it's billboards on every fucking street corner. Come get your weed. You know, New Mexico just authorized psilocybin therapy. Really? Yep. People with depression, I think depression and anxiety. Is that what it's for? Is that what they're they're using it, those terms which apply to I'm sure basically everybody, right? Everybody, everybody. Everybody's had some depression and some anxiety. There you go. Now you can get some mushrooms and figure your life out.


Well, Maybe I'll give it a try. Yeah. It's just, the problem is federally it's still not legal. And that, which is, it's so dumb. It's so dumb. You know, and I don't think it's gonna change, unfortunately, I don't think, I think Trump is too busy with all these other issues. I don't think he's interested in that. So co-sponsor said, here it goes. The bill would establish an advisory board, treatment equity fund and research fund, as well as remove psilocybin from the Controlled Substances Act to provide, to protect qualified and registered patients, clinicians, and producers according to a news release, jointly, a news release released jointly by the office of the Senate and the House Democrats if pa So this is what the Democrats have over the Republicans freedom to explore your consciousness.


Republicans, for whatever reason. Yeah. They, they shy away from that. It doesn't fit with their conservative mindset of what you should. And, And it used to be it didn't fit. The freedom of speech, didn't fit with their, their mindset. And now the Republicans are all about freedom of speech because they realize the consequences of it during the last election cycle. You know, when things get censored and when you have a town square that's curated by not just the big tech companies, but also by the federal government itself, they can get weird when you're trying to access the truth. You want to know what is actually going on when certain stories have actually been suppressed from the news.


'cause the federal government deems the misinformation, even if they turn out to be true, that's not good. And so for, because of that, the right is supporting freedom of speech, which I think is fucking great. That's great. That's what we all should be supporting. But we all should, should be supporting the freedom to expand your consciousness. And people have been doing it in certain ways for thousands and thousands of Years. Thousands and thousands Of years. And you don't know better if you haven't done it, if you haven't done it yourself, and you're passing judgment on people that have, you're not qualified. If you, if you want to go, you know, do a psilocybin session like a heavy what Terrence McKenna would call a heroic dose.


You wanna do that right. And then talk shit. Okay. Yeah. But until that, because the th the thing is like, it would preclude you from doing the things that you're doing. Know this. Okay. If you are a fucking rampant capitalist and all you give a fuck is about, is your hedge fund, and all you give a fuck about is the stock market and numbers and buying this exclusive that and that exclusive this and getting tickets to this exclusive thing, and all you're about is like status and numbers, it will fuck that up. It will fuck that whole thing sideways. You won't be able to take any of that seriously anymore. But that's good. It's good for you.


You're not supposed to be taking that seriously. If you've got half a billion dollars and you're still scrambling to try to make more money, like pause. You're 67 years old, you're gonna die if you're lucky in 30 years, if you're so lucky to hit 97. Oh yeah. 30 years happened so quick, man. Oh, we've been here for five, Ron. I know. We've been here for, you were here for six. Yeah, you were here, you were patient. Zero. I always say you're patient. Zero in the, the Austin invasion. Because I remember calling you it. Was it 2018 when you moved here? 17. I think. 17. I remember calling you going, what are you doing down there?


Like, we miss you at the store. Oh, fucking love it down here, middle of the country. If I wanna fly, I can fly anywhere real quick. People are nice. Food's great. And I was like, fuck, can I live in Texas? I started thinking about it then. But then when the pandemic hit and I knew you were here. And then I had some friends in LA that were also real sketched out by all of it. They all wound up moving somewhere else. A couple of 'em moved. Well, two families that I was real good friends with, they moved to Dallas and then another good family, family friend moved to Vegas. And then another one just decided to stay. And we all came out here together. You know, it was groups of friends. And when we were looking around Austin, I was like, fuck Ron White lives here.


I could live here. That was like one of the first things I thought. I thought, if Ron lives here, at least I have Ron. Yeah. I got a friend. Yeah. And I was like, okay, I can't do standup right now. Anyway. But then as soon as I moved Tony's like, fuck it, I'm moving. I was like, you're moving too. And then RA was like, I'm in. I was like, holy shit. And then Brian Simpson came out real early and I didn't really know Brian well at all until Tom introduced me to him. Tom was like, dude, you gotta meet this guy. He's so funny. He is too, man. He's so funny. Brian Simpson. So he was here early too. And then Assan and Derek both moved out here early. I'm like, oh shit, we got something going on. And then Tim Dylan bought a house out here. I was like, oh my goodness, what is happening?


This is crazy. And then Dunkin was like, man, fucking North Carolina. I don't know. I'm like, come to Texas, motherfucker. And then all of a sudden Dunkin's out here. Yeah. Like, holy shit. Holy shit. This is crazy. I'm like, all right, we're up and running. And by the time we decided to make that club, fuck, we had like 10 great guys living here. Yeah. 12 and more were coming. And they're still coming. We Were coming. Yeah. Dylan, Tony. There's so many different guys from the store that used to work at the store all the time. Yeah. I roped Tony in, man, I, I'm like, we need Tony here. Yeah. I gave him my fucking condo and let him use one of my range rovers to go out to Dallas. I'm like, yeah, I live here for a week. I don't know where I was.


But yeah, you spend a week here, you'll go, eh, this is doable. This is Doable. Well, we all, we were so excited because it felt like we were doing something different. Yeah. You know, it felt like we were doing something different. I've always had this fuck it part of me where I was like, fuck it, let's go. I'm I, that's, that's me. You do. I love, Love doing that. Do I love you do. You're impetuous as fuck who I like it. Like from the time I, you told me you were going to, I'm gonna move there. You had a house like two days later. I'm like, God damn, this guy moves when he moves. Yeah. My kids helped a lot because they really wanted to move. They didn That sweet ass place on the lake. Yeah. It's, that's good. That's good living over there. It's Also like when we came here, no one had masks on and everybody was acting normal.


Yeah. And so my kids were like, what's going on? Like, why, how come everyone's normal here, we should live here. You know? And then it just, it just happened and then all of a sudden the stores closed so I could get all the employees. And then I was like, look, I'll pay you now. You don't have to work. Just hang out. Yeah. Let's, let's, we're gonna do something special. That was more money than you were thinking it Was. But it Money is fun. Coupons. Yep. Fun tickets. That's right. That's what it's supposed to be. Let's have a good time. If you're not not having fun and you have money, you're doing something wrong. 'cause you should be trying to have fun. And sometimes some things you have to pay for in order to have fun.


A lot of fun is free. But there's a lot of fun where you go like, oh, we gotta buy a building. We have to hire an architect. We have to pay construction crew. We have to, you know, we have to do a lot of things. But that's the way to do it. Yeah. That's what you're supposed to do. And that I was the person who was able to do it. 'cause the, the universe had decided that this thing wanted to get made and we hit every green light. And then I was like, okay, well clearly this is the thing. I'm supposed to do this. You know, I know it sounds crazy, but let's go. You know? But I, the whole thing was crazy. Like it was in the middle of the biggest deal I'd ever done, ever in my whole life. Spotify, this crazy thing.


I was like, the show was already like the number one show Does, what does that feel like? It was nuts. Signed that fucking deal. And Bananas. Bananas. But I was also like, okay, well what should, you know, you have to figure out what you're gonna do. Like you have to be you, you can't be at the whim of all these other people's ideas and expectations. Like, what do you want to do? I was like, I wanna get the fuck outta la so let's do it. So I moved in the middle of everything. So there's this giant deal I have. And all of a sudden they're like, where are you going? Yeah, I bet They were, I'm going to Texas. They're like, don't go to Texas is crazy. Like, are you sure you won't be able to get guests? I'm like, look, I'm flying guests in three times a week anyway.


Right. I was already flying people in from New Mexico and New York, New York and New York's closer than, you know, it's a great spot. Really. Right. It's not like a six hour flight that's six hour flight across the whole country's a pain in the ass. You know, the people were worn out by the time they got there. So, you know, they had to like, have a night to rest and relax and rehydrate. And, and then the next day, maybe, you know, still they're probably not a hundred percent, you know, this is Like three hours, a three hour flight ain't shit. It's a three hour flight from everywhere. Yeah. Its easy. It's, it's a great spot. Yeah. But it's also like, I feel like sometimes the universe calls you in a way and tells you, just like, gives you a feeling.


Like, and I think I, ideas are like a life form. I really do. I think it's like an unexplored life form. I think that's why the concept of the muse is so enticing to people. Because there's something real to it. Like when you decide you're just gonna sit there and write and you just have, it doesn't always come. Like sometimes you get nothing, but sometimes because you sat there, you'll have some of the best lines you've ever written. 'cause I think there are like life forms that you have to call into your life. And I think sometimes these life forms, these ideas, they just exist in the ether. And by circumstance they like kind of gel together and become more, more valid and more alive.


And then they enter into your mind. And if you are ready to receive these ideas, you have to act on them. Especially if they're positive. I'm not saying, you know, go fucking build up the capitol building because you have an idea. I mean, positive ideas, not vengeful. Like, if you have a good, a good soul, if you're, your, your goal in life is a positive thing. These ideas will come to you and you're supposed to, if you can, you're supposed to act on 'em. And I felt like, wow, what a unique opportunity I have to be able to do this. I shouldn't be scared because it's daunting and it's expensive. And it's like, what are you doing? Like, you just, just do it. Just do what you do. Just Do it. Well, you know, I, here's one thing that I believe, I believe that things disguise themselves and we call 'em coincidences.


Yeah. But there really are no coincidences. And if you'll look for things that look like coincidences, you can follow that line and go somewhere with it. Yeah. And, and I, I feel like that that's what happened whenever, you know, with the mass exodus and people started coming to comedy to, to make this the best comedy scene in the world. Yeah. You know, tho those things fell into place because that's what was supposed to happen. And, and, and I think it all happened because of me, I, in that I needed it the worst. Yeah. I needed this more than anybody else did. And I feel like I was able to cash in all my fucking karma or whatever and draw it all into me a little bit because I needed it.


And that, and so, you know, Well, it makes sense. Like it's a certainly a huge factor, right? Because if you didn't inspire me to even think about Austin, I wouldn't have, and I wouldn't have moved here if you weren't here. I don't think. Maybe I would've. But it helped a lot that you were here. I was like, this makes it so much easier that I know Ron's here and, 'cause it was weird times then, man, everyone was even going to a restaurant, you felt like you were a rebel. Like it felt weird, right? It felt weird to not be scared like you, like you wanted to hide the fact that you weren't scared that you wanted to just go out. It was a strange, strange, strange time that I think even now we look back on and we can't, like I watched A-A-U-F-C fight the other day, an older fight, and all the cornermen had masks on.


I'm like, this is the craziest thing that's went through A big timestamp right there. Yeah. You know, it's bizarre. It was a, A fight that took place in an arena in Florida with no crowd, no crowd. It was Justin Gaje versus Tony Ferguson. It was one of the first fights we did back. It was like, and you were there. Yeah. And I was watching the fight the other day and I was looking at the cornerman. They all had masks on. I was like, what a weird fucking time. What a weird, I remember like, people would get upset if I didn't wear a mask backstage. I'm like, what are we doing? What is this for? Like, this is crazy. These guys are beating the fuck out of each other and sweat on each other.


You know? And all of us tested negative. That's how we got through here. Like, is someone gonna magically gonna get covid while we're all wandering around together? Right. Don't we all test negative? So you had to get in this room, they had to be able to test you. Everybody got tested. Like those shows that you did With Chappelle here. Exactly. So we're all in this room. Take that fucking stupid mask off. Right. But even the shows we did with Chappelle outside the people were supposed to wear masks outside. Outside. Everyone's tested. Is this a mystery magical disease that we're encountering that is like demons hiding in the woods for You? Well, it it, but it but it was too at one time, wasn't it? Yeah. You know, I, I lost Vic Henley to that disease in New York City early on, but Vic was not a healthy guy.


Well, what the, what the disease did is exposed metabolic health problems. Like, didn't, didn't Vic I'll, I'll admit that. I mean, he, he was a raging alcoholic and he knew it. And I, I knew he was really considering making some changes in his life, you know, that he was talking to me about. And then boom, you know, gone. So he, So in that sense, yes it was. Yes. But it wasn't in the sense where all these healthy people who have been tested are wearing No, no, no. That's, that's ridiculous. Especially the athletes. So ridiculous. Especi and the fighters, like, what we would have to do is if one of the cornermen got covid, even if the fighter didn't have covid, the fighter was pulled from the card.


So one of the cornerman tests positive for Covid. 'cause the fighter had been around him, even if he's negative, we treated it different than we treated anything ever. And especially for the fighters. It had, like, it was not gonna have an effect on them unless they did. There's one guy did have an effect on, he got covid really, really bad. But it's because they kept training. These guys kept training while they had covid. They nev a lot of these guys, they don't give a fuck. They have the flu. Who cares? They're showing up at the gym. Right? It's part of being an animal is like, you'll show up sick and you'll train through a but you shouldn't do that. You're just breaking your immune system down further. And especially if you're in camp. So being a camp for a fighter is very different than regular.


Working out being a camp for a fighter is you are basically redlining your body trying to get it to recover. Like trying to get it to keep pace so you can get to a super human level that's only achievable after like a 12 week camp. And you could only hold onto it for a couple weeks. They gotta, they know when you're peaking sometimes. And they'll back a fighter off. They'll go, we're done today. We're done, we're done today. I've never heard that. You're peaking too early. You're peaking too early. You don't want to overdo it. So you wanna back off your training when you're feeling absolutely perfect and get yourself a just slow down.


We're we are, we're, we're a little too soon. Like a really good trainer knows when you're peaking, but you can't maintain it forever. It's, it's really only for, that's why it's so crazy that a lot of these guys, they'll accept a fight on unlike 10 days notice. Like, that's nuts. That's nuts. Like, you need, you need to be peaking. You need to be like, you're gonna fight in a fucking cage. And I know you're doing this as a financial decision, but that's why John Jones is the smartest. John Jones never did that. They changed opponents. Fuck you fight's off John. John. He even guys like Chale Sunon who he eventually stomped in the first round. Like absolutely destroyed. It was a, it was not even remotely competitive. It was an annihilation.


It would've been an annihilation 365 days a year for decades. It wouldn't have mattered how good John Jones is. And his greatest cha son in his John Jones was the bigger man. Chale had fought at 185 pounds. John was a big 2 0 5. And he was the most talented guy that ever fought in the sport. And he's gonna win every time. But when they changed the opponent, they try to make a cha son and he's like, Nope, nope. We, we do things the right way. I go through a full camp, that's, it fights off. Everybody's like, ah. 'cause they want you to play ball. Get it. We need a new guy. But look, to this day everybody says he's the goat. Well why is he the goat? 'cause he did everything the right way. He, he knew, especially when he wasn't partying. He did everything the wrong way too.


I mean, he did a lot of partying and still beat the fuck out of everybody because he was that good. 'cause he was that talented. One of the craziest things he ever said, Daniel Cormier, when they were having a rematch, they were talking shit in the press conference. And Daniel torn me. He said something to John. Jon goes, I beat you when I was on Coke. It is the craziest statement. 'cause he says it and you're like, oh shit. And it's true. It's true. That's how good John was. But if you try to change opponents, John's like Uhuh, try to call John Jones in for a, a late notice. Fight on five days notice. He'll tell you, go fuck yourself. Like, nope, I'd rather hang out at home with my dog.


Like he's not doing it. Like you gotta, so these guys, when they're peaking, they're vulnerable. They get sick a lot. Especially when they're cutting weight because you're red lining your body And you could overdo it. And guys overdo it all the time. They overtrain They just break themselves down when they just, they they haven't, they've kept too much pace and not enough recovery. And they're declining and declining and declining. They show up at the gym, they have no energy and they're like, fuck. And if you get a guy to the fight that's overtrained. It's horrible. It's horrible to watch. I've seen it many times. The guys just can't recover. They're too tired. They overdid it. They were too tough for their own good. So tho one of those guys got Covid, this guy Hamza Shamaya.


And this motherfucker is a psychopath. He's a savage, like one of the most savage guys that's ever fought in the sport. And he just kept training, just kept training. He, this motherfucker trains like eight hours a day. He trains like a wolverine. He's an animal. And he was training with Covid and he kept, kept getting real sick, wound up getting hospitalized, coughing up blood gets out, goes right back to it. Same thing. Hospitalized again. He got hospitalized like twice 'cause he wouldn't stop training 'cause he's that psychotic. But other than him, regular athletes that get it, they just take a few days off. Right. Daniel Cormier had COVI trained through it and won the title, won the heavyweight title training through COVID in his camp.


He was sick during camp and kept training. And everybody was like, let's just keep going. I didn't get off the couch the whole time I had Covid. So just imagine those level of athletes and were worried about it so much that everybody has to wear a mask. Like, shut the fuck up. Right? This is nuts. So all that had to happen too, where we were the reckless ones. We were the ones that like, I don't, I'm not buying this. I'm gonna live my life. I'm going to Texas. And there was a lot of people that were really mad at that. Like, what are you doing? You're not scared. What are you doing? You're doing chosen doors. You're killing people. Blood is on your hands. There Was a, they were screaming at you. They were screaming at Hy mess of people that were just all caught up in this psyop.


They were just the, you know, And it was great. Not good, really. But it was great in that it exposed these fragile thinkers, so many fragile minds. They couldn't, couldn't see the forest for the trees. They just, they couldn't see it. And when we all came out here and we said, we see it like this is bullshit. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it'll make you sick. Yeah. You'll have to be at home for a week. Yeah. Get, get vitamin drips. You'll be all right. Like, yeah. This is what we're dealing with for real. And a lot of people agreed. And then it turns out we were right. It turns out we were right.


At the end of the day, we were correct. We were correct to wanna live our lives. We all went back to live our lives too Soon. Says who says who? The fucking government that's been lying to you about this disease it Entire time. Time. It's not even went back on it and, and, and realize it. That it happened. You know, that it really fucking happened. That we were locked up, locked down. It's not good because it's, it's like when you find out your friend's a bitch and then you have to count on 'em again in the future. You're like, dude, don't fall apart on me here. Right. Show up. Like, don't get scared. We, you need, I need help. Like, you find out your friend falls apart under pressure.


You're like, oh great. Why are you crying, Mike? What are we doing? Don't cry. This is crazy. Like, now you can't count on Mike. 'cause Mike falls apart when chick gets hot. And this is how it feel. Feels like a good percentage of the country. You know, it was a joke from my, my last special. But I, it's, I really feel this way. We lost a lot of people during Covid and most of them are still alive. That I've wrote that line thinking about specific friends. It's like, what did you think was going on? What did you think was going on? Yeah, it's a disease, but what, since when have you changed your entire fucking life for years for a disease?


This is nuts. Since when have you listened to the entire government tell you you can't have outdoor dining because of a disease. Like a disease that you've already had. You've already gotten through it and they're still telling you this. And we're, we're a year and a half into this fucking thing. Yes. And so we were right. And so, so many people because we were right. So many people also came. And that's the beautiful thing. It's like people speak with their actions and the people that are willing to make a leap like that, those are the ones you want there. Those are the ones. So like, we got the best of the best. We got the the most fuck you of the fuck you people. 'cause comedians are fuck you People. They are, Something happens to society. Like, Hey man, fuck you.


Right. You know? Or eat a Steven bowl of fuck, eat A Steven bowl of fuck. No matter what it is. You know? And the world needs that. I need that. I need that. I need you here. I need Tony. I need, I need people like that. The same way that you did. The way we all sort of collectively manifested it together. But without you, we wouldn't be here. Yeah. So you guys come on down to Austin, Texas and check out the mothership and see how much fun we're having. If you don't believe it. If you like, we're making this shit up because of You. I also almost bought the cult house. Yeah. Right. That would've been, you know, we would've made it happen. I, I I people say Yeah, he did. That would've been horrible.


It wouldn't have been horrible. No. It would've been amazing because It was a cool place. And I, you know, I, it it was, it Would've been amazing. Yeah. It Would've been amazing. It would've been amazing. It's an amazing spot. And it's hilarious that a cult used to own, I I feel terrible for all the people that were roped into building it and all the people, that guy, but fucked and, Sorry, you were doing that piece That was so funny. And you quit doing it. You didn't do that under special, did you? No, I didn't. No. That was so funny. Yeah. It's a true story. It's A, remember I gave you that line that it's okay to hypnotize people and butt fuck them. 'cause it's, they falls under the category of I talked him into it. Yeah. Yeah. It is basically the same thing. That's, that's not illegal at all. Yeah. I talked the guy to let me fuck him in the ass.


It's kind of technically not illegal With a watch going back and forth, broke his face. That's not illegal. That's not drugs. The guy was a hypnotist and a gay porn star. Like what a combo. Right. And then when they found the gay porn, like the doc, you watch the documentary, right? The documentary's incredible. But Ron, for the people at home, Ron had performed at this. So you had performed at that place. I fucking love that theater. You should buy that place. And then it was for sale. I was like, oh, we're in. Right. And then Adam t is one, he goes, have you seen that documentary that's on that cult? I'm like, oh no. Oh no. Ron White. What have you done? Yeah. What Have you done? I watched the documentary. And Also I, I don't think I even realized that at that time that that's what that building was.


I don't think I knew that it was a cult Yeah. Building whenever I first took it. Maybe I know You've seen the videos of the guy dancing around inside the building. Oh yeah. That was what it was built For. I've seen that years ago. Of course. I mean years and years ago. So I knew about that anyway, but I didn't realize that that was the building. Or maybe, maybe I'd fuck, I don't remember. Those are the same people wearing masks in their cars. You know what I'm saying? It's like, that's why you can start a cult if you just get everybody who wears a mask in their car. You could rope those motherfuckers and doing almost anything. And that's how cults get started. Yeah, yeah. No, people are looking, looking for leadership. Well, they're also looking for community and they're really dumb. Like, Think about the positive aspects of the mothership, right? Like, we're all having a good time.


Well, this is what everybody really wants, but what if the only way you can get that is to believe Baba canes over there who's like, who changed his name and now he wears wooden beads and he sits in the lotus position and everybody's gotta suck his dick. Like, I just wanted to do yoga and hang out with everybody. Why are they gonna suck this guy's dick? This is, but They kept sucking his dick. And You know what? They're sucking his dick somewhere else now. In Hawaii. In Hawaii, yeah. Yeah. He's still getting his dick sucked. Some Guys are just really good at, at like, at Getting their dick sucked. It's like the thing where you need to be on acid to understand the Grateful Dead. It's like you need to be at the special frame of mind with a special nine volt brain where you can get talked into a cult like that.


But it happens every day, Every day, every day, every day. All throughout the country. You know, I was talking to Mark, mark Andreessen about this, a venture capitalist guy, brilliant guy. And he was telling me that there's a ton of active cults right now in California Oh yeah. That are functioning. Like you only hear about the ones that wind up getting in shootouts with the feds. There's a bunch of 'em that actually function. Somehow or another. They keep it together. You know, people leave, they tell the horror stories and some people join. Right. But like, wild, wild Country is a great example that Netflix documentary, right? Yeah. The crazy thing is, in the beginning it looked so fun. Yeah. It looked completely fucking doable.


So Doable. You know, our leader's got really nice fucking cars. Look, yeah. How could he be wrong? He can't be wrong. He's had 20 Rolls Royces. There's so many of 'em. It's, it's like whatever, the way that we evolved in tribal society to listen to the Chief, we all have this like strange desire to either be the chief or listen to the chief. Sure. You know, either be the alpha or listen to the alpha. And someone can pretend to be the chief. Right. They can pretend to be the chief with magical insight. And You know what the most fucked up thing about that documentary is? The thing that still fucks with my head is that that guy would do these thing, this thing to these people called the knowing where he would, right.


And they would orgasm. They would just have like, they, they literally meet God to this day. They all say that it was real. That that thing actually did happen. Like the power of suggestion, the fact that he kept it from them for so long. And then the one day, or this is your coming of age ceremony, or this is a one day, you're gonna get the knowing. And he would put his hands on them and they would really experience something. And they said it was like they were, they were experiencing God. Like they, it was the most bliss they had ever felt in their life and that they never felt it again. So there, the circumstances and the ritual activated this innate part of our consciousness that's always there.


This ability to talk to God, the ability to communicate with God, which is probably what every religion is trying to do. It's all like this whisper of the truth that's out there in the ether. And everybody knows that it's out there. There's something there. I just have to figure out how to, and this guy, this crazy gay porn star, hypnotist, butt fucking, all these dudes still, even this guy was able to touch these people and they were able to access that part of their brain. And they were in, they were in, they were like, oh, we're in, man. I'm, I'm following this guy everywhere. This guy really is like, connected to God. Well, you know, I, I think that that, that prayer, I'll start with that just with prayer is a physical thing, not a spiritual thing.


And that's why it works for anybody. You know, I believe it's a way to channel energy And it changes the way you feel, but it doesn't matter what you're praying to that it's a physical transfer of injury. Right. Not, not a spiritual thing. I I And, and because anybody can do it. And also hypnosis is so powerful when it's done correctly. And I know that 'cause I've experienced hypnosis done well. And so boy, if you had both of those things, you know, you could have power over anybody. That's stupid enough to fucking mind. Yeah. That's the problem. That was what they did during the Manson family, MK Ultra during those days, it was part of the Chaos book by Tom O'Neill.


It's about the Manson family, excuse me, the Manson family murders. And one of the things that they went into is the fact that this guy who worked for the CIA at the time was a part of MK Ultra. His name was Jolly West. And Jolly West is this figure all throughout the counterculture resistance movement that the federal government had sort of concocted. And part of what he was doing was teaching people how to manipulate people with LSD. And he was teaching Charlie Manson in jail. Like they've, he, this guy visited Manson in jail, then Manson would get outta jail and Manson would get in trouble, get arrested, and then get released. And the, the sheriffs all say it's over my pay grade.


They were all told to let him go. And so he was implicated in murders and violent crimes and they all always let him go. They always had to let him go. And he was getting acid. And he had sophisticated methods of manipulating minds. It wasn't as simple as like, this is a charismatic dude and they all want to cut a baby out of fucking Sharon Tate's stomach. No, it was way crazier than that. It was sophisticated mind control from MK Ultra. And they wanted to see if they could get people to become homicidal maniacs. And they were right. They could, they knew how to do it. They used it and they got Manson to do it. And it threw water on this whole anti-war hippie movement, all that peace, love shit.


Whoosh. Now hippies are murderers. Now hippies are Charles Manson. Now you know, your kid wants to just like fucking paint flowers and show up at Grateful Dead shows. No, your kid's a murderer. Your kid's a fucking, these all the, the hippies are suspects now. It worked. It's a fascinating thing. They did. Like the, the way they threw water on this movement that was happening like in 1970. There's this just threw it down and put schedule one on everything. If the Nixon administration hadn't done that in 1970, who knows what the world looks like today.


Like who knows, who knows if you can get ibogaine in Ayahuasca in America, if psilocybin had stayed legal, what it was made illegal in 1970. All that stuff Until 70. Yep. All that stuff became schedule one in 1970. Marijuana was always illegal. It was illegal from like the 1930s. And that was because it was a textile and that was because it was a commodity. It had almost nothing to do with the drug itself. They were trying to outlaw hemp. They were worried because they had come out with a new way to process hemp fiber. It's called the decorticator. They invented this thing. It was big thing cop popular science magazine. Hell hemp the new billion dollar crop.


It was like they were saying we're all gonna use hemp now because now there's an effective way to process the fibers and they're superior to everything else. Make superior paper, superior cloth superior to everything. Right. Everything much, much, much, much better planned. And William Randolph Hurst was like, fuck that. So William, William Randolph Hurst starts publishing stories in his newspapers about how blacks and Mexicans are taking this new drug called marijuana. They invented the name. It was a wild Mexican tobacco. That's what marijuana used to be. It was slang for a wild Mexican tobacco. So they put that name on cannabis, something that people had had forever.


People have been smoking it forever. It was literally the, the origin of the term canvas Comes from cannabis. Yes. Oh, I didn't know that. It's all hemp. If you go like the Mon Lisa, those are all painted on hemp. The first draft of the Declaration of Independence was written on hemp. Hemp was a far superior paper. It's really difficult to tear. It's a crazy fiber. Hey, can we put this on pause for a second? Got a piss. Huh? You got a piss? Can we put it on pause for a second? Yeah.


This episode is brought to you by Carnivores Snacks. You know, I'm all about authentic fuel and carnivores Snacks delivers made with just two ingredients. Pure meat and Redmond real salt. It isn't your typical jerky full of additives or heavy marinades. You get exactly what you pay for. Nutrient dense, 100% grass fed beef that tastes real. These aren't cheap, tough cuts like you might expect. Carnivore snacks uses prize selections like Ribeye and New York Strip offering a unique texture that's a perfect blend of slight chew and an airy crisp. Each five ounce bag begins with nearly a full pound of meat before drying. Make it robust enough to serve as a full meal or it's just a snack. I bring 'em to the UFC all the time. It's what I eat when I'm there and I'm stuck sitting at the, the desk for six hours. And I bring 'em for Daniel Cormier too. We both love them. Plus Carnivore Snacks is a pro-America brand supporting US farmers who practice regenerative agriculture. A method that restores soil nutrients and boost ecosystems. And that means better meat for you. Better care for the animals and better land stewardship. Visit www.carnivoressnacks.com. That's snacks with an X to pick up your favorite cuts of meat today and use the Code Rogan for 15% off your first purchase.


This episode is brought to you by Visible. Now you know I tend to go down a lot of rabbit holes. I want to know everything about everything. And if you're like that, you need wireless that can keep up visible is wireless. That lets you live in the know. It's the ultimate wireless hack. You get unlimited data and hotspot. So you're connected on the Go Plus Visible is powered by Verizon's 5G Network, meaning fast speeds and great coverage. And with the new Visible plus Pro plan, you get premium wireless without the premium cost. And the best part, it's all digital. No stores you can switch to visible right from your phone. It only takes about 15 minutes. And then you manage your plan in the app ready for wireless. That lets you live in the know. Make the switch at visible.com/rogan plan Start at $25 a month. For the best features, get the new Visible plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply, see visible.com for plan features and network management details.


Okay. Woo. So ladies and gentlemen, Ron White had a moment there where he, the cold came back, the sickness came back and you Yeah, that was a moment. That was a moment. I don't know what that was. Well I was over here blabbing about the illegalization of weed and how crazy it is. And we were talking about ayahuasca and all these things and all of a sudden you just got a little pale. Yeah, I got a little pale and started sweating. I, I don't know what it is. I just got a little sick. I feel a little better now. I had a nice yak. And This is a, how long has this sickness been with you? I felt fine all day. I felt fine yesterday.


I played golf. I had, you know, That's crazy. So has this happened before though? Or it just comes on outta nowhere? No, this should be the first time. So maybe it's like a, maybe it's another thing. Like a food poisoning thing or something. Fuck. I don't know. I don't know what it is. Wow. And you've had a couple IVs right? I had a two last week and I'll go home and get another one. Yeah, I'll have and I'm sure I'll be fine in just a little bit. Damn sure. I'll be cool. Damn. And you played golf? Yeah, played golf with my son. Had a great time. It's a nice day to play golf too. Absolutely. One of the things that we have out here in Texas is real weather.


I love it when it rains and everything's so green and pretty and You need to go down to Costa Rica. I do Need to go down to Costa Rica That stay in your neighbor's place. I Do need to go. It's the sweetest thing. Yeah. That I've ever seen. Yeah. My big pet peeve is when people say it's the best thing you've ever seen. I'm like, this is the best thing you've ever seen buddy. I've seen some shit. You know, it's some shit. Exactly. Like, what are you saying? I've seen so many things, But, But that place down there that, you know, it's another driftwood or like, you know, kinda like driftwood. But yeah. It is fucking gorgeous. I heard that Driftwood Place is amazing place out here.


It's the Best man. It's so pretty right now. 'cause all the, you know, they blow in a bunch of wild flowers all over it and it's just fucking gorgeous. It's a great golf course. I almost wish I played golf. It's a waste of time and money. You don't have. You, you know, I know you don't have time, so I Yeah, I would love it. I'm sure. But so we should probably wrap this up 'cause you're not feeling that, that good. Right? I Feel a little better, but You all right? Yeah. I, I'm, I'm okay. We keep rolling a little, A little bit. Yeah. Okay. All right. Well it's a, it is just when someone gets sick like that, you don't know what to do. Like, fuck. Yeah. I don't know what to do, but I, I, I swear I feel better.


I feel I don't feel hot anymore. I, I think I'm, it's so weird. So weird. Like, what is that? I just needed to get something outta my stomach real quick. I think. Crazy quickest way to do it. It's just crazy that something's been like, you know, you have a little invader in your body. Yeah. You're fighting off. That's what we're doing all the time. Fighting off these invaders. Yeah. I'm still coming to the club tonight. Okay. I'm gonna, I'm gonna get a drip and come do a set. Of course. This would be fun tonight. It's Camp Patterson's show tonight. Good. We're have Fun. Oh, good, good. It's exciting time really is. And the world is so chaotic right now, which is great for comedy. Whenever the world's fucked up, the comedy's at its best, Gaza and Palestine and ah, and it's fucking Ukraine and the tariffs.


Ah, right. It's great to come out and do, do some comedy. Yeah. I mean, I'm, You know what? I, and I stay, I stay away from all of it. Good. And, and, and of that subject matter. Any politics or anything like that. And the reason is, you know, I know my, I know my crowd. I know what they want and, and they want to laugh really hard and they want to, and, and I think that I've always taken the position as I'm just not gonna bring that into it. I'm gonna let us do something. I, I love it when other people do that are really good at it And, you know Yeah. That are, it's fun to watch and it's entertaining as fuck. But I just decided a long time ago that I'm just gonna, I'm just gonna go out there and make 'em laugh as hard as I can.


Make 'em laugh and let 'em have some time off from tragedy or whatever. And Yeah. And, and I, and I'm not that good at it anyway, so, you know, it's, I've never, never been a political commentator. Right. So why be one now? And, and Well, the problem with politics is you're gonna alienate 50% of the crowd It Dead split. Yeah. Dead Split. And if you're one of those people that takes a stand on stage, you're like, okay, great. Right Now you take a stand. Yeah, okay. But just, just let's, it's, let's Have fun. It's, it's silly. Unless what you have to say is so good that you can make someone laugh. Oh, if you're good enough. Yeah. If you're good enough. Right. I, you know, I saw people try to, you know, take on nine 11 right after nine 11, but I only saw like one person that was really, if if you're good enough to write about that, then write about it.


Yeah. But if you're not good enough to write about it, leave it the fuck alone. Leave It the fuck alone. That's some black belt material. Yeah. Yeah. You have to be some skill level, whatever, you know. Yeah. You know, Mitzi Shore wouldn't let Brian Holtz been on stage for two weeks after nine 11. No, I didn't know that. She's like, no way. Keep him off the stage. The Holman couldn't wait. Couldn't wait to say something fucking completely outrageous. Whatever that demon inside of him that comes out when he's on stage. Yeah. I don't understand him. You know, I really don't because I love him. I love him to death. Such a, he's he such an original character and the most Yeah, He's from a different time. Yeah. It's like he was brought here from another dimension.


He's like a different thing. Even the way he dresses. It's like he's from the fifties. Right. And he's like my age. Like he's, he's not, he was like that when I met him. He was from a different era and I met him in 94. I was like, Oh, you've known him that long. Yeah. I'm like, where's this fucking guy from? Like, he from a different time. People fucking love him though, man. They fucking, he's got a crowd now. Yeah, he does. That's The difference between the way he was treated at the store. Unfortunately, he fell into this through nobody's fault. But it was like everybody waited till the end when Holman would go up. But like, why have 'em on the end? You know? It's like, have 'em on when the crowd's hot. Right. Like, don't put 'em on at one in the morning, put 'em on at 10.


You know, let, let's see when the crowd is like popping. Like let 'em let 'em cook when the crowd's popping. You know? And now he sells out. People come to see him Right. In the headlines. It's like people get excited, you know, he's a maniac and he's got a crowd now. He's got like a legitimate draw. They Get it. Yeah. They get it. Yeah. It's nice. It's fun. And you know, that's also the difference between a a, when a comedy club is run by a comic, you know, 'cause Holtzman has always been a comic for comics. You know, we all would go to see Holtzman at the end of the night when he was doing these insane sets for 15 people in the main room. Right. But now, like, we're running the shows, like give him a fucking weekend.


Like let's, let's go give him a Thursday night. Let's go, let's have some fun. Right. Especially does a lot of 10:00 PM shows. Right. He does A lot of Thursdays. Yeah. Especially 10:00 PM shows. That's the best time to see him when it's late and you've had a couple of cocktails, right. You're feeling a little crazy about the world. Yeah. Let that guy, let let that guy Loose. You understand? It's a joke. Yeah. You get jokes, you get someone saying something that he doesn't really mean. Right. It's completely ridiculous to say. Yeah. That's part of the fun. Yeah. Yeah. And that he acts like he means it and you buy into it. No, it's a joke still. But every now and then he'll show you behind the curtain. Yeah. Every now and then he'll give you a little peek and you're like, okay, yeah.


This is an act. He's having fun. He is. He's having a good time. And he loves Austin too. I see him walking around downtown almost every time I'd drive through the city. He's just, Yeah. It was a big get getting him here. It was a big get because we wanted to bring a lot of the, there was some magic that was trapped in the talent of the Comedy store. It was magic and some of it wasn't being utilized correctly. And Holzman's the best example of that. But what a fun hang it was. You know, What a fun hang. Yeah, it was, it was great. That's some of my favorite times in my life in that back bar. Yeah. Just laughing. Just laughing. We would be back there just laughing. That was a great thing the Comedy store did when they put together that bar. Yeah. And it, that it had Mitzi's actual bar from her house.


Was the bar there? I didn't Know that. Yeah. That bar didn't use to be there. Like, so the early days, that was like a storage room. And so at one point in time in the store was like really killing it. They decided like, we should turn this into a bar. And I, I don't know what year was that? I wanna feel like, I feel like that was like 2014 ish. Like, which is right when I came back and the saw was killing it and we all were like, oh yeah, we'll have our own bar. This is incredible. And you had to go through the kitchen to get through it. Like a scene from Goodfellas. Right. And you get back there And you could only be back there if you were cool. Like you, you couldn't buy a ticket.


It was policed too. Yeah. Yeah. You had to have a friend, you had to know somebody to get back there. But we would be hanging with some of the coolest people in the world. That was my favorite place to drink. And It was so fun. There'd be musicians back there, smoked Pot back there. Everybody was just chilling and the drinks were free. Yeah. It was crazy. It was like, it was so fun. The store was a magical place, man. A magical place. And there's something about the fact that, you know, it had this insane history to it that you felt like, wow, I can't believe I'm even here. Right. Standing on the stage, same last stages. Pryor and Kennison.


Kennison, Right? Yeah. And you just, you're in the, the belly of the beast on Sunset in Hollywood. Like right in the middle of everything. Right In the middle of everything. Where everybody, I remember when I was a kid in 1988, when I first started doing standup, they would talk about the Comedy store. Like it was Mecca, right? Like you had to make your pilgrimage to the store. And some guys would say they went there, but they bombed. Oh, I went back, I tried to do, do some meetings. I did a set at the store. I bombed, I fucked that place. Like Yeah, my first trip out to la I, you know, I, I was trying to get on at the improv. I couldn't get on and, and I was like, ah, man. I went to the comedy store and I told 'em my story was Monday night.


And they, they put me up first, which wasn't a really good spot. And I ate it. And, but they did put me on stage, you know? Well there it is. Right there. There were about 10 people in there or whatever. Nobody. But, And it was a, a horrible experience. But, but I but it, I always look back at it finally, you know, because they did it. Yeah. You know, they said, yeah, go, go get on stage. You know, First time I ever came out to the store, I was out in, I was out in LA to do some pilot thing for MTV and I was staying at a hotel and I, I knew where the store was. I was like, I, I gotta get there. I just gotta see what it's like. And they let me in. 'cause I was, I said, Hey, I'm a, I'm a comedian from New York.


Can I just come in and watch the show? And they're like, yeah, sure. They just let me right in. Yeah. And then I sat in the back of the room and there was like 19 people in there and they were all like, the comics that were on stage were terrible. They were all like botax. They're like people that, and then I realized years later that what had happened was a lot of these scenes, they go in these peaks and valleys. And I had caught it when it was at a valley and before it was at a peak, like the kinison years, it was a giant peak when people would come to, it was the wild place. Kinison was there. Right. They all come at midnight and watch him. And celebrities would be all there. And he had died in like 92, I think.


And I got there in 94. So there's like, there was this like absence. Whoa. Right. There Was a real lull. There wasn't, there was a lot of like leftovers people that didn't, that were in the eighties, that didn't make it Right. But they were still around. They're still doing standup and hoping that something was gonna happen. But they had tired acts. They were just tired. Right. It hadn't happened for them. They're out there doing pilot season. They, they didn't want to be at the store. 'cause you're at the store. There's no, no agents, there's no executive, no one comes to see you at the store at that time. They would go to the improv. Right. Go to the Laugh factory. That's where the industry was. So if you really wanted to have an actual career, you wouldn't be doing sets at the store.


And you had to do sets in front of Bud Friedman going language, watch your language. Fuck. Yeah. There was a lot of that back then. Right. The TV days. Everybody thought you had to be clean. You know, when I came back to the store, it was in its heyday, you know, you were, you know, running the podcast And you know, fucking place was packed to the rafters and the comics were solid as fuck. You know? Yeah. We had a magical run. Yeah. That was, yeah. It was a magical run. And it was great. And, and we're having one now. Yeah. So it's a, it's A, it's the same thing. I mean mean we're, it's basic, but it's our version of it. The new version of it. But it's the same thing.


It's just like, it's a beautiful thing when, I mean, that term artist is very pretentious. So I just say comics realize that we're all doing this thing together and there's not a lot of us. And it's fun to hang out together and enjoy each other's company and, and appreciate each other and appreciate the ride. We're all in this wild ride together. That's right. And it, it is quite a ride. It's A beautiful Ride. Quite a Ride. Yeah. We're very lucky. Ron White and I say it all the time, but it's true. You're, you're patient. Zero. Alright man. I'll, I'll take the title. I'll take the title. You're really patient. Zero. 'cause you just threw up. Imagine if you have some fucking new covid. You picked up some new Covid in Vegas. It kills us all. Yeah. I love you to death, brother.


I Love you too, man. Thanks for being here. There you go. Thanks for having


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Tax season is always stressful. You have to worry about filing on time, making sure you have all the right documents and getting all the deductions you possibly can. It's overwhelming. And by now, I know we're all sick of looking at numbers, but here's an important one that you should hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much money in refunds the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Here's another 20%. That's the overall increase in identity theft related tax fraud in 2024 alone. So luckily it isn't all bad news. Here's the good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialist will fix it. That's backed by another good number. The million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face identity theft and financial losses alone. There's strength in numbers with LifeLock identity theft protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use the promo code JRE or go to lifelock.com/jre for 40% off terms apply.