
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Alright, We're up This record. Good to see you, my friend. Wow, that was fast. Good to see you too, brother. How do it? We just Right Into it. He's like sitting you Down and roll notes. Dude. You're organized. You're a rare guest. Oh, I actually, You know what? I normally don't bring notes, but I was talking to Callie means on the way over here And, you know, we're, we're really supporting Bobby Kennedy's whole Maha, you know, movement and, and trying to officially put a committee together to, to to really give him some great talking points and then bring some of the big influencers together to help him message, you know, around the media. And I was like, what are some of the wins that we've had in the last week that I don't know about?


And so he just rattled 'em off and I just, there's Some wins jotted Them down there. What are the wins? Well, I mean, you know, so Trump formed this Strong Kids commission and, and if you remember when he first got into office, he actually, by executive order, he authorized Bobby to, to do a study with, you know, health and human services to, to look into the genesis of chronic disease. 'cause nobody, nobody's talking about it. The National Institute of Health or National Library of Medicine, or in our, you know, public health policy. Nobody's talking about what's causing this pandemic. Gee, I wonder why they're not talking about it. Well, I could give you a couple of, I could give you a a couple Clues. Do think it has anything to do with it. No way. You the Best You're conspiracy theorist, dude. You know, you're down the rabbit hole.


I know. That's my problem. You think that just because people get paid, they do things that are shady. Yeah, I know. That's a weird thing to think I should stop thinking that way. Yeah, I mean for, you know, we make $110 billion a year on type two diabetes, you, they're trying to put that out of business for sure. Right? Yeah. They don't want that Money. No, no, no. They're, they're like, Hey Stan, how do we get this off the balance sheet, bro? How do we, how do we get rid of this is stinking up the Place. So there's a business that relies on people being so disgusting that they get type two diabetes so bad with their diet. Just eating pie and drinking soda to their body just starts to cave in. Yeah. But don't worry, we got, But that's worth how much you Hear $110 billion lot type two diabetes Alone. Not lot. That's a lot of money. It's not like that would change anybody's opinions on things.


Well, I mean, a lot of people could live on that. There's a lot of people I know live that could live on that Problem. Isn't that funny? A lot of people could live on what's killing other people. Yeah. Isn't that funny? Like a lot of people are buying yachts on what is killing people. Yeah. So the wild The interesting thing is, is, you know, look at, you know, our food stamp program, which is, you know, the SNAP program, it's one of the biggest subsidies that we have in the government. $120 billion a year, 10 billion of that is going to subsidize sodas. I mean, 10 of that. Well, they need soda. It's, it's important Part of the Fear food pyramid. I think it's right. It's right isn't it in there? It's right up there with Lucky Charms. Right? It's, yeah. Lucky Charms is above, right above ground beef. Yep. And grass fed steak.


And then you get to the top and you got, and you got soda. It, it, so it's just, it's phenomenal. And then the American Heart Association just ironically comes out in favor of soda in the snack food program. And it, And it just, just, we, we went over that and we found out that they're, they're paid by Pepsi and by Coca-Cola. Wow. It's just so dark. Yeah. It's so, it's so crazy. It is. The American Heart Association gets money from Coca-Cola and Pepsi. Yeah. You know, I, I checked into my Airbnb here in, in Austin, which, which by the way, love Austin, man. I see that the best. I see why you came here. We covered it all on my podcast. So I won't, I won't go down that rabbit hole. But it truly is man. People are amazing. Food is amazing. Went to this little restaurant called the Well, which I love.


And they ca catered all my food, but there's like a serious wellness vibe here. But I check a lot of Healthy people. Yeah. A lot of healthy people. So I check into the Airbnb and I, I go into the closet like the owner's closet wasn't, wasn't locked. And I went into the owner's closet, of course, it's like all Cheerios and cookies and crackers. And I, I pulled a couple of bottles of these seed oils out and I did a little post about it because I was like, look at all the heart healthy labels on this. Right. And, and we, we talked about seed oils last time, but it's, you know, and I, and I get attacked a lot for it, for saying that these polyunsaturated fatty acids are bad for you. But a lot of times it's, it's actually not the, the plant itself, it's the distance from the plant to the table.


Right. You know, You put explain, because you explaining the other day to us, the process that that takes to turn rape seed oil, which is, first of all it's called Canola, canola oil. Joe, if you, They said their rape seed was problematic. So they changed the canola oil. I always thought it was corn oil. Yeah, corn's good for you. Corn oil must be great for you. Oh yeah. Oh, we using canola oil. Cool. Ah, peanuts. Please explain though the process. 'cause it's so vile. It's, it's insane. So Raf seed canola is, you know, a plant and we essentially, you put it in a commercial press And it will come out gummy. And so to deum it, you use something called hexane and hexane.


If you go to National Institute of Health or National Library Medicine, you'll see that that is a known neurotoxin. It's classified as a neurotoxin, same as fluoride. Right. Which is actually fluoro silicic acid. We'll get to that later. But so, so we dgu it with hexane, and then you take this dgu doyle and you heat it to 405 degrees, which turns it rancid. I mean, there's no mechanism on earth for temperatures to reach that much, especially plants to encounter those kind of temperatures. So now with denatures, it turns rancid. So now you, it's petrified And it smells. So now you have to deodorize it. So we di deodorize it with sodium hydroxide. So we deum it with a powerful neurotoxin. We heat it to four, five degrees and turn it rancid.


And then we deodorize it with a very powerful carcinogen. And then in some cases we bleach it and bottle it and put it on the shelf. You, you ever look at, go, go to the grocery store and you, you see the entire grocery aisle. It's, it's all these like wessin oils or vegetable oils, but they're all exactly the same color. Like exactly. They have that same beautiful clear hu that's not now Anything. They look super healthy Occur in nature, you know? No. Have you squeezed 10,000 watermelons into watermelon juice and put it all on the shelf? They Would vary a little bit. They would vary a little bit. Yeah. But there's no variance there. And so this is chemically controlled process. And they, and it's, you know, again, not, it's not back to the polyunsaturated fatty acids per se.


It's these, it's the pro-inflammatory process that they cause in these foam cells and the, the inflammation in our arterial wall, which actually calls cholesterol to the site of inflammation. And we blame cholesterol for a lot of the heart disease. Atherosclerosis, arterials sclerosis, because it's at the scene of the crime. But it, you know, rarely pulls the trigger. I mean, it's cholesterol's kind of like a fireman, right? It it, it gets called to the fire to put the fire out. Right. And so the theory that if we had fewer firemen, we'd have less fires. It's kind of absurd. Right? But that's, that's the theory. That's the theory in LDL cholesterol. It's like, And it might might work in California, they would, I could see them passing that legislation.


Yeah, yeah. You know what we need. We need less firemen. But, but you know, so the theory that if we push down the firemen, which was called to the site of inflammation, meaning we reduce the cholesterol, which was called to the site of inflammation to cause the repair, rather than ask what started the fire. That notion is about to be, I think, blown out of the water by, by big data. I think you're gonna see big data, artificial intelligence, and early detection in the next five years are just gonna, gonna circumvent the entire system.


This episode is brought to you by warfare from a 24 written and directed by Iraq War veteran Ray Mendoza and Civil Wars Alex Garland warfare embeds audiences with a US Navy platoon, but when their operation goes wrong, the only way out is together of visceral boots on the ground. True story told by the soldiers who lived it. Warfare stars Will Poulter Kit Connor with Joseph Quinn and Charles Melton. Experience it in IMAX and theaters everywhere on April 11. Get tickets now@tickets.warfare.movie.


This episode is brought to you by blinds.com. Do you know the right window treatments aren't just about privacy. They could actually save you some serious cash on your energy bills too. But is it really worth the hassle? It's a lot of waiting for some pushy salesperson to come to your house with an overpriced quote sucks. Right? Well say goodbye to all that nonsense because blinds.com has revolutionized the game. Blinds.com lets you do a virtual consultation with their award-winning design experts. Whenever you have time, no pushy sales rep in your home, just hop online and blinds.com will send free samples right to your door. How cool is that? Whether you're a do-it-yourself beast or you prefer professional installation blinds.com has you covered. And guess what? You can get your entire house done for one low price, no hidden fees, no showroom markups. What you see is what you pay. Now I get it. Ordering online can be sketchy, but not with blinds.com. They've covered more than 25 million windows and they've got a 100% satisfaction guarantee. blinds.com is hooking up my listeners, with an exclusive $50 off. When you spend $500 or more, just use the code rogan@checkoutatblinds.com. Go to blinds.com and use the promo code Rogan Limited time offer rules and restrictions apply. See blinds.com for details.


Do you think there's a possibility of removing food oils from the market? I don't think they we'll ever replace, I don't want food oils. Excuse me. Seed oil Oils. Yeah. Oils. I, I don't think they we'll ever replace seed oils. Not, it's, I think what's really interesting is, is the chemical processing. So an another really good thing, and I'm helping to author this, this paper with, with Kelly Beans and, and a bunch of other folks to present it to Bobby Kennedy in, in looking at the genesis of chronic disease. Because if you just, and I know lots of people have talked about this on your show, so I won't belabor the point, but if you look at the spending of four and a half trillion dollars a year right? On healthcare in the United States, and then you say, well, what do we lead the world in?


Well, as of December 6th, we were ranked 66 in the world in life expectancy. We lead the world in morbid obesity, type two diabetes, multiple chronic disease in the single biome. Meaning not just our population has multiple different chronic diseases, but multiple chronic diseases in the same, in the same body. Because most people don't just have one autoimmune disease, or they're not just hypertensive and diabetic, they're hypertensive, diabetic, and hypothyroid with an autoimmune, usually multiple autoimmune. We leave the world an infant mortality. Maternal mortality. And so you gotta ask yourself, how's four and a half trillion dollars a year in spending leading to these kinds of consequences? And very often it's actually not the food, it's the distance from the food to the table.


So it it's not necessarily the plant, it's what we are doing to process these plants to get them on the table. And so I think what you're gonna see is these grass guidelines generally regarded as safe, which is essentially how the FDA decides whether or not you can micro poison the population. So we are allowed to micro poison the population, right? We're allowed to put certain amounts of pesticides, herbicides, insecticides, preservatives. That is A great way of putting it too. It's micro poisoning. Yeah. So that's Really what's happening. It's exactly what's happening. And, and, and a lot of experts will say that dosage determines the poison. And that's largely untrue when you talk about cumulative dose toxicity.


Meaning if I give you this sandwich And you know this piece of tuna fish And it has a very small, safe amount of lead or mercury, it's probably not gonna hurt you. Right? But if you don't methylate that metal out of your body and you keep eating that same kind of fish, I mean nobody got mercury poisoning from a single piece of tuna fish. What they got mercury poisoning from was continuing to eat the same thing over and over and over and over again. And they got a cumulative dose toxicity, which is what a lot of foreign countries use. So in other words, I can't just say if I put, you know, one drop of arsenic in this glass, is that, is that going to kill you? It might make you mildly sick cause an inflammatory process, maybe it's not gonna kill you.


But if you drink one of those five times a day, seven days a week, now you're toxic. And that's what's happened to our country. We didn't get here quickly. We, we, we got here by slowly stacking these micro poisons. Right? But is it possible to change all of like, whatever, whatever we use seed oil for, is it possible to swap that out for olive oil or beef tallow or, yes. I know there's some companies doing, like Masa makes these great tortilla chips that are I love ma organic corn. Yeah. Tall Organic Corn grassed beef tallow. They taste like it too. Like you feel like you're eating food. Yeah. You know, we talked about those vry chips too. Yeah. Vandy Vandy chips. I love those.


I do too. I Wish actually brought you some, they're so just potatoes and beef tallow with a little salt and they're fuck. And it tastes like food. Yeah. Like when I eat them, I don't feel like a piece of shit. Like if I, if I eat a bag of Doritos, I feel like a fucking loser. Yeah. You know, even while I'm eating I'm like, oh you loser. Shut up. Shut up. There's a delicious, You shame yourself. You're like, Joe, I'm so disappointed in you. I do. But isn't it it possible to just replace those or would it require, is it one of those things like, there there's an issue with factory farming. Everybody thinks factory farming is disgusting when it comes to animals. It's, it's vile what they do to chickens and pigs. But is it possible to give everyone cheeseburgers in food deserts without factory farming?


Like, have we, have we gotten so far ahead of ourselves that we don't have sustainable regenerative agriculture as an option? I don't think so at all. So you think that all the foods, all the salad dressings and all the french fries and all the things that are cooked in food oil, we have enough beef tallow, we have enough olive oil, we have enough avocado oil that we could switch all those things out and everything would be great. There is no question that we have the capacity to, to produce these and we have the capacity to produce them now. I mean a lot of these farms don't use the bones from these cattle. They don't use the hide from these cattle. They don't boil on the collagen from these cattles.


And they certainly are not making the tallow from the fat from, from the cattle that are being slaughtered. So there's a lot of tallow that's going to waste A lot of tall, a lot of bone broth, a lot of, a lot of bones, a lot of cartilage. You know, that that's entirely going to waste. And and if you look at a lot of countries, they will use the entire animal, they'll boil down the bones. They'll, they'll use the hide, they'll use the bone marrow. And it's Kind of crazy because there's a big market for bone broth. There's a big market for beef tallow. Yeah. Like why wouldn't they? I mean they're just wasting money. I think. I think you have the perception that there's a big market for it because you're kind of in the know, right. You're probably in the, I hate to use this term, but woke 1%. Oh no.


If you, if you went, you went into sounds terrible, Terrible. He's like, he called me woke. That sounds, he used to be cool when I, When I mean woke 1%. I mean, I hate that word woke. Well, It's you, you're using it the correct way though. You're using it the way African Americans used to use it. Black people used to call woke like, you're awake. I'm woke. Yes. You can't sneak that stupid shit by me. Right. I'm woke. Right. You know, I mean, and then the fucking white people took it over and ruined it. Like a lot of things. Exactly. Did we, did we fuck that up too? Not Us. Not us, but the ones with blue hair. Yeah. Now, now woke means a whole different Yeah. Whole different body game. Well now it's essentially a pejorative, they can't even use it in a positive way. You know, it's that, that's beaten down point.


But I like point cause it wasn, but like, it's kind of like You can just be triggered about anything now. So it's so convenient. Yes. You know, 'cause I can really silence you if you start out like out intellectualizing me. I can, I can just be like, dude, you're, you're, you're triggering me. You're hurt, you're hurting my feelings. You trigger me with Information. I kid you not, I've never talked about this for, hey, I'm gonna probably gonna lose half of my audience. But no, I, I was, I went to Harvard University for this thing, this longevity summit. A very good friend of mine. I won't mention his name 'cause then I'll give away the event that I was at. I called my wife on day two and I was like, babe, I feel like I landed on Mars. I go, I gotta get outta here. And she goes, what is going on?


I said, I just listened to a panel of PhDs for four hours debate about whether or not a microaggression is something that could happen to you that you don't recognize that was causing a microtrauma that the other person didn't realize they were doing. But it was still creating an unsafe environment. I think there should be mandatory juujitsu classes for those people. Mandatory juujitsu. My head Was so twisted Me. Here's your microtrauma. Yeah. When They passed the microphone to me, I got so much trouble. And I won't say his last name, but Daniel, he's, he's still mad at me right now because of this. They passed the microphone to me and they're like, you know, do you have anything to add to the conversation? I go list sounds like a bunch of people.


This whole, this whole panel up here, you guys sound like you boarded a spaceship and literally left Mother Earth. Because I have no idea what you're talking about. You are talking about trying to identify something that you, by its very nature, say you don't know if you have it or you don't. So let's just admit that it's a ghost. So how are we gonna, we can't measure it. We can't find it. We can't prove you have it. We can't prove you don't have it. So how are we gonna treat it? What's this Culture of victimization and the monetization? It's like there's a, there's status in victimization, you know? Yeah. That's the thing. They've, they've essentially made it like a virtue to be a victim. Yeah. So you're looking for little things that have possibly, I believe there was a microaggression.


I believe He, I I think, You know what? I think I felt it. I possibly rolled his eyes. I possibly rolled his, I mean that is going to haunt me. I'm need therapy now. I think he might have rolled his eyes and that's absolutely acceptable. That is a microaggression. Like maybe rolling you out. Like you say something to me and I go, okay. And then I leave. Oh my god, that was a microaggression. Yeah. Yeah. Like what I just did going, okay, that's, but here's the cool thing, But that Microaggression is you're kind of off the hook because if you didn't intentionally create the microaggression, I just perceived it as a Micro depends on who I am. If I'm a white heterosexual CI male and you're screwed, I got problems, then you're Screwed. So anyway, back to the food supply. We took a, took a u-turn there for a second.


You you, what's really interesting is if you just take a very 30,000 foot view and you say, let's, let's just look at the broad strokes on the blue zone research, right? There's no continuity between diets in these blue zones. Right? So it's not keto, paleo, pescatarian, vegan, vegetarian, you know, raw food, Atkins. It's, it's whole food. Just what you were just saying, you know, Whole food and a lot of healthy lifestyle, whole Food. Well the two things that were non, non interchangeable were sense of purpose and community and activity until later in life. So you didn't have any of the blue zones where people didn't feel a sense of purpose and community in life. In fact, there were no, no such things as assisted care, living facilities, you know, the assisted care in those countries as mom and dad moved back in with Right.


The kids until, until the day that they Right. Till the day that they die. And there's a lot to be said for that because maybe grandma's only purpose is to go out and get vegetables for dinner that night. But she has a purpose And she's a part of the community and she's also locked up at a home with a bunch of people. Don't really care about her. Yeah. You know, we knew something in the, in the mortality space. 'cause I, I used to study mortality and mortality research and we knew that if you wanted to cut somebody's life expectancy in half at any age, and I mean at any age, you put them in isolation. Mm. So as soon as you create isolation, you dramatically reduce, if not half the life expectancy.


Now later in life, we would call this broken heart syndrome caregiver syndrome. And these were actually very valid syndrome. So if we actually were doing the, the life expectancy on an elderly spouse who was still applying for insurance or we were looking at what's called a second to die claim on, on, on life insurance policy and one spouse had passed away, we would dramatically reduce the life expectancy of the second spouse. And the reason why that's important is I think that people don't realize that we are actually being isolated in plain sight. Right. I mean, we are trying to create connection through our phones. We're trying to create connection through social media. And these are not human connections. In fact, you know, if you look at the rates of depression, suicide, suicidal ideation, obesity, you know, chronic mental illness.


And I think we actually have a chronic lack of mental fitness, not necessarily a mental illness crisis in this country. And if you, if you look at the skyrocketing rates of these conditions and how they're creeping into younger and younger and younger generations, you got nine year olds being treated for depression now. Right. So what, what's happening, what's happening is isolation in plain sight. You know, we, we don't problem solve anymore. We don't have communities with our friends anymore. We actually don't build social connections. We've lost our connection to, to mother nature. You know, that's why I like going out to my place in Colorado. It's probably like you, you like bow hunting And it's just nature. Old school connection to mother nature. And how fricking good do you feel? Yeah, it's Very, very good. I really wish I lived in nature.


I'd really like to be living in the woods again. I'm working on it, man. Well, you said you were trying to get, you know, get something outside of town like your, I think that's the branch kind of Yeah, I think, I think nature is a vitamin. I really do. I I think it's a mental health vitamin. I think there's something about being in nature. There's a feeling you get, especially when your phone doesn't work when you get out there and you look at your phone like zero bars. Oh yeah. And you're out there in like real woods. It's just like, you just feel better. Yeah. You just feel like more tuned in. You hear birds and branches snapping and things going on coyotes and it's like, god damn it feels good. We have this place in Colorado. My wife and I, well she's been going to for 35 years since she was a little, little girl.


We, when we got together 10 years ago, she started bringing me and my family out there and her, her father's got 10 acres. Her, her uncles got 10 acres and then this 50 acre piece came on the market. So we, we, we bought it and we're building these old school like really authentic log cabins on there. And I, I, I write about this all the time 'cause in Miami I have this really fancy place and I, I've got all this fancy equipment, you know, red light therapy, beds, hyperbarics, hydrogen beds, all that stuff. But I'll go out to this Colorado home, put on a 20 pound ruck sack. I know you do 150 pound ruck sack. So I feel like a Complete, most of the time I do 45. Okay.


This episode is brought to you by Visible. Now, you know, I tend to go down a lot of rabbit holes. I want to know everything about everything. And if you're like that you need wireless that can keep up visible is wireless that lets you live in the know. It's the ultimate wireless hack. You get unlimited data and hotspot. So you're connected on the go Plus visible is powered by Verizon's 5G network, meaning fast speeds and great coverage. And with the new visible plus pro plan, you get premium wireless without the premium cost. And the best part, it's all digital. No stores you can switch to visible right from your phone. It only takes about 15 minutes. And then you manage your plan in the app ready for wireless. That lets you live in the know, make the switch at visible.com/rogan plan start at $25 a month for the best features, get the new visible plus pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply see visible.com for plan features and network management details.


That's I do it. And I carry two 50 pound kettlebells. Oh Shit. No, I really, I'm not even telling the rest of my Story. These is a short burst. Great. This is not like long distance, you know, it's just, I just do it to tax my system. Well I, I do. Farmer's carries, But that too, I do that too. Yeah. Farmer's carries. I actually like those. They're great. But that's what I mean by that. Yeah. I I think farmer's carries like suitcase carries are actually better. You know what, close one hand. One hand. Oh oh one hand. Yeah. Because then it makes you balance on the other side and then you swap it out to the other side. Oh. It's a Stabilization thing. Stabilizing From people, stabilizing the spine of people that It's, It's instead of just actually Better, Actually that makes a lot of sense to me because, you know, you're not just, you know, just load bearing the spine, which I don't squatter, but Farmer scaries are amazing too.


There's nothing wrong with It. Yeah. And I do a lot of farmer scaries, but I'll put on this 20 pound rucksack, go out by myself, put a side arm, you know, in my, in my, you know, vest and go. And it was just kind of funny. I took a picture of myself in the woods the other day post on social media. And I had sidearm. People went bananas. 'cause I have, Yeah, you don't want to get eaten by a mountain lion. It does happen. Yeah. It probably won't happen. But guess what? If I have a gun, it's not gonna happen. I just feel Yeah. It's never gonna happen if I have a gun. Yeah. I just, a fucking great video of a bow hunter who is being attacked by a mountain lion. And the mountain lion is like creeping up on him slowly. He is like, Hey, get back, get back, get back. And you see the thing lock on him and start closing in. It's like 15 feet away and then bang.


And then you see the thing twitching And it's got a hole in its face. He, he was a boat, He a pistol Side arm. He had pistol. Well that's why he had a pistol on him. Yeah. It happens in Colorado. I mean, bear attacks, I mean, it Fucking happens. Bear attacks are fairly rare in Colorado. You know, it's only when you cross the, apparently if you just come upon the cubs and the, and the mother. That's the Issue. The real issue is not the bears that are in Colorado, though. The real issue is the bears in Wyoming and Montana. Mm. Brown bears. Brown bears are what you have to worry about. Black bears not as much. Mm. But but occasionally, like a big black bear will, will go after people. Yeah. But anyway, I take it side. I mean, I, and I'll march around in there, but, but when I'm done, I feel like I took a limitless bill. It's just something I totally agree with you.


Something out there. And I got this little squirrel. It's so funny. I mean, I, I leave my house, I start climbing up in the woods. I have this little four mile kind of track and, and there's a squirrel. I don't know if he'll be there this year, but every year that I go out there and he, and he barks at me, right. And he kind of growls, it doesn't sound like a squirrel. Sounds like a little bark. And then he chews acorns off and grabs 'em with both hands and throws 'em down on me. And it's so funny. And he'll follow me from limb to limb. I shit you not. And and I look forward to seeing him every day. Like, I, I feel like he's pissed off. Maybe it's a sign of love. I don't know. We It's definitely pissed off. He doesn't love you. Yeah. Somebody probably hunted one of his family, you Know, take a side arm, People do hunt squirrels, you know, they eat them.


But, But in any case, man, I feel, I feel amazing. So, but you know, you're right that, you know, at some point we have the capacity to replace these, these oils. We actually have a way to get, you know, back away from industrial farming and get back to local farming. You know, there, there's a, I have a very good frame named Alfie Oaks and he owns one of the, one of the more profitable grocery stores in America. It's in, it's in Naples, Florida called seed to table. And he took me out by helicopter one time and we hopped around to a bunch of his organic fields. He's got thousands of acres in the middle of the state of Florida. And he showed me how he's not only able to grow produce for less money than he would organically for less money than he would grow it if he had to use herbicides and, and pesticides and, and chemicals.


He's able to pick it at nine o'clock in the morning and have it on the grocery store shelf by two o'clock in the afternoon. And I watch the whole process go down thousands and thousands of these acres. And, you know, white flies are the, the pest flies they're trying to avoid. And instead of spraying for these white flies, what they do is they just use this reflective cellophane. They run it down the rows and crops And it creates this reflection And it scatters them to the woods. And so now the white flies are not eating the crops. There's no herbicide, there's no pesticide sprayed on these, there's no no preservatives. His, his team picks this stuff by nine o'clock in the morning. It goes into a processing center. And by processing, I mean it gets washed. That's it. And then it's on a truck and it's on the shelf by two o'clock in the afternoon.


So you can grab a strawberry in this grocery store and eat it. And it was growing at 9:00 AM that morning. And there are, you know, there are mechanisms for us to do that. Yes, I get some, some stuff needs to be shipped and, and and stored. But most regenerative farming practices are not only green and good for the environment. They're economically feasible. They actually make economic sense. And you know, when he talks about the fact that we've been spraying some of these fields for so many decades with, or so many years with these herbicides and insecticides that there is not a pest for in some cases hundreds of miles. But we are still spraying for those pests.


It's like you gotta start to question what the motivation is. Mm. Yeah. Probably financial and how the financial Yeah. And you know, it's, we were talking about, you said something earlier interesting that you think it's not, what was the term that you used? It's not a mental health problem. It's a lack of mental strength. Mental fitness. Mental fitness. Yeah. Yeah. I mean if you think about it, you got any of Those hydrogens? Yeah. Yeah. You wanna hang baby, Come On. These are H two Tab. I love these. I'm addicted. I love these too. Yeah. Explain to people what these are. Instead Of hydrogen gas. I mean, this is probably my favorite biohack in the world. 'cause it'll cost you about a dollar a day.


These are called H two tab. You can get 'em at drink h two tab.com. You can actually read the science on it. I think there's two, two people in the world now. I mean, those that have read the science and take hydrogen gas, drink hydrogen water and those that don't or, or just haven't read the science. Because hydrogen gas, first of all is a, it's, it's the lightest element in the universe. It's also the most prevalent element in the universe. 10% of your body weight is hydrogen. I think in fact, if you took hydrogen oxygen, carbon and nitrogen, that's 96% of your mass. Okay? Those four elements. So hydrogen's about 10% of your body weight. And, and hydrogen is not just an antioxidant, it's a selective antioxidant.


Right? So if you look at oxidative stressors like nitric oxide or superoxide or hydrogen peroxide, okay? So all of these, these, these oxidative stressors, they can be good in certain amounts. You need a certain amount of nitric oxide right in your body. But, but too much nitric oxide is bad. Too much hydrogen peroxide bad. Too much superoxide is bad. So if you were to take an antioxidant like vitamin C and take very, very high doses of antioxidants, this can be very bad for you because you're suppressing too much oxidation in the body. You're actually suppressing these oxidative stressors. Too much. Hydrogen on the other hand, uses the body's homeostatic process to suppress inflammation.


So in other words, it it, it works through something called the NRF two pathway. It it, it affects a protein called NRF two, which moves into the DNA binds to the DNA. And then the DNA spits out the instructions for cataly, superoxide dismutase and glutathione. So in other words, you're actually using the body's regulatory system to actually control inflammation instead of externally trying to control inflammation. And then, and the second thing it does is it, it targets the only oxidative free radical that I think all of the science points to as, as, which is hydroxyl radical having no use in the body. So it selectively targets that and regulates the rest of the inflammatory process by using the body's homeostasis.


So in, I guess a very long-winded way of saying that hydrogen gas can go anywhere in the body, it reduces inflammation, proves circulation, proves memory. There's really interesting study published on the Journal of Experimental Gerontology, And it was published in November of 2021. And most, you know, of these clinical research studies, they'll look at younger populations like healthier, younger populations. But this actually looked at a six month study on hydrogen water versus non hydrogen water in 70-year-old and older folks. And they use something called tattoo to measure in methylation. They measure cognitive function, sleep scores, sit stand ratios, how well they're able to sit and stand telomere lengths and their chromosomes.


And, and the really fascinating thing about this study is they've done during covid. So these seniors were basically imprisoned, right? So they were not mobile. And the only difference between the groups that they, that they controlled for was the presence of hydrogen water at the end of the six month period during the lockdown, the non-con the control group had lost 11% in their telomeres. The non-control group had gained 4%. They had better short term recall, better cognitive scores, better circulation, improvement in cardiac markers, improvement in inflammatory markers like C-reactive protein.


I think it's, I think it's the greatest biohack on earth that and like some sea salt and some amino acids like a perfect amino. I mean, just covering your bases. I think those are, those are your foundational basics for, for Optum mild. And it's like delicious comes, dude, it's so good, good flavors. And it's easy to drink. It's like a pain-free thing that You can do, you know, Expensive. You know, you can bathe in it too. You can actually bathe in hydrogen gas. Yeah. How Many tabs you put in the water. You can, You can actually put, it's called a hydrogen, which just looks like a big bath bomb. It just creates hydrogen gas. It's elemental magnesium. What does it do for you when you're bathing it? It goes right transdermal. It goes right through the skin. So remember hydrogen is, is the smallest, lightest element that we know of, right?


So it go, it will go right transdermal. And these hydrogen gas will form in between water molecules. So water molecule is H2O, but hydrogen gas can actually exist outside of the water molecule. And when you put excess hydrogen gas into the water, it will go right transdermal. And you know, I have two of these bass at my house. I never talk about it like on social media. So I'm, I guess I'm about to talk about it now. But I have literally put people into these tubs. I'm, I'm kidding you not crippled with arthritis. And they will skip outta my unit like they won the lottery. It's incredible. I mean, So transdermal reduction of inflammation in joints from these hydrogen bombs.


How long does it Last? Or from a hydrogen bath, you can get these, you can get these machines. I mean, one for your house is about 7,500 bucks to 8,000 bucks. They make some that make nanoparticles or nano bubbles, which are about one 500th the diameter of a human pore. So if you run these things on your face, it'll actually push all the sebum of your skin. It'll get, get rid of dandruff, psoriasis, eczema. If you have any kind of inflammatory condition like knees, hip, shoulder, rotator cuff arthritis, low back bathing and hydrogen gas can be one of the most therapeutic things that you do. Really can you add it to a cold plunge? You can add it to a cold plunge. And what's interesting about adding it to a cold, in fact, I use this cold life cold plunge and I've got these guys trying to see if we can incorporate the hydrogen gas into the cold plunge.


So where the, where the motor pulls the cold water out, it's gonna send it into a hydrogen generator and then push it back into the tub. Because as the temperature drops in water, you can saturate more gas. So a so a 48 degree quote me exactly on this, but a 48 degree coal plunge will hold about twice as much gas as 102 degree, you know, warmed tub. Mm. So if you were like just taking like a warm bath, right? So you're gonna be cold plunging for three to six minutes every day, or you know, that's what you and I do, you might as well be in there with hydrogen gas. And so I'm, I'm, I'm working with these guys from Coal Life to see if we can plumb these hydrogen generators.


And basically it's, it, it creates the hydrogen gas by, by taking distilled water and breaking distilled water apart and then throwing the gas into the water. Hmm. And it is noticeably different when you bathe in this gas or not. Like I had Sean Ryan over to my house before a podcast one time And you know, he's all banged up from being a Navy seal And you know, he is got nips and bibbs all over his body. And he just thought it was really weird because I was like, dude, you gotta get my bathtub.


This episode is brought to you by me. Undies. Some things are complicated, the human mind, relationships life, but what's not complicated is looking and feeling good with me. Undies underwear, if you're a longtime listener, you probably heard me talk about me undies before. I swear by them. I wear their stuff all the time and I can't recommend them enough. Seriously. Their underwear feels good while giving me the support that I need. And I can't mention MeUndies without talking about their contoured pouch and ball caddy. Confidence is key. And you're guaranteed to feel that with a pair of these. They're comfortable, supportive, and make you look good or go with another one of their briefs. There's plenty to choose from. I promise you, you can't go wrong. I like everything I've gotten from them so far. Plus MeUndies has even more options when it comes to sizes, colors, and prints. You're bound to find something you like. Go classic with a pair of black or blue underwear or mix it up with a fun print. If you're a coffee fan like me, they've got a hilarious fuck coffee print. Now as much as I've been talking about their underwear, me undies also has some great loungewear. It's made with the same soft material so you can be comfortable head to toe, which I dunno about you guys, but if I'm kicking back at home, I want to be wearing something I can relax in. They're also great for a workout. Try them out yourself. If you're not totally satisfied with your first pair of underwear, it's on MeUndies. Good things come in. Big packages at MeUndies. Get 20% off your first order plus free shipping on orders of $75 or more at meundies.com/rogan. Enter the promo code rogan, that's meundies.com/rogan code Rogan for 20% off me undies comfort from the outside in.


He's Talked about it before Sean. Big shout out, brother. But he was like, he's like, dude, I, I just met you man. And I Was like, I go, no, it's okay. I'm not gonna get in there with you. Alright, I'll sit on the chair outside the tub. And he is like, that freaks Me out a little bit. I'm gonna be honest with You. I said, dude, I gave him a pair of shorts. So, 'cause I was like, do you, does Anything on your body hurt? Did your, you know, your knees or your hips, your shoulders, does anything hurt? And he's like, dude, fucking everything in my body hurts. So I was like, get in there man. And I put him in there for 25 minutes. He said it was like the first time he had slept eight hours and woken up without pain in probably 15 years.


Wow. Yeah. John Jones, same thing. You know, I mean John Jones has been very public about when I, you know, working with me. I've been, I haven't talked to him in a little while, but right before his last fight I brought him one of these hydrogen machines to bathe in and we just set up the, the, the tub at his house and we ran hydrogen gas into the tub. So we would do red light therapy, he would drink hydrogen water and, and he would bathe in this hydrogen gas. And it was about 15 or 20 days after I kind of parachuted into his camp and, and, and set all this up that he texted me and he was like, holy shit brother, I can't believe him.


You know, I'm out of pain. I'm adding a six eight in my training routine. Wow. I'm waking up not in pain, you know, I'm sleeping better. So it's, it's really incredible what hydrogen gas can do in the body. And it don't, don't take my word for it. I mean there's, there actually is a really interesting study, but published by Dr. LeBaron, Tyler LeBaron. He's a PhD and he actually, I think his PhD is in molecular hydrogen. So I should tease him about where his life went wrong that he got a PhD in hydrogen, but like where, where did you bang a left that you decided I'm gonna get a PhD in hydrogen. But he published a study looking at electrolyzed alkaline water and, and when they removed the hydrogen gas, all of the benefits of of alkaline water went away.


So the benefits from alkaline water are coming from the excess presence of hydrogen gas. And even when you add hydrogen gas to regular water, it will drop the ORP, it will make the oxidative reduction potential negative. So it, you know, it has more of a capacity to donate electrons. So I just think it's a, a phenomenal discovery and it's dirt, it's dirt cheap. When you were telling me that these bottles, water bottles that generate hydrogen, they're great in the beginning, But that over time they deteriorate. Does this, would the same issue happen with the hydrogen generators that you would use for the coal plunges?


You know, they're a lot more robust. They're commercial generators. So they're, they're not actually working under pressure. So the water flows through these. So a lot of the ways that you create high part per million hydrogen gas in, in these water bottles and, and I, I actually just won, I'm about to, to, to put a press release out about it. I actually just want a $16 million civil judgment against a a, a fake hydrogen water bottle company that used my name, image and likeness to run a bunch of ads and sold tens of millions of dollars in these bottles. But essentially at the bottom of these bottles, there's something called a proton exchange membrane. And this proton exchange membrane comes in contact through with the, with the water through, through electrolysis And it creates the hydrogen gas.


The problem with these bottles is that this electrolysis process, if you put tap water in there and use chlorine can actually create chlorine gas. You can also create something called hypo chloric acid. So what happens is, over time, the bottles that I tested, 'cause I used to be a huge fan of these bottles and I carried 'em everywhere and I would notice that that that it didn't bubble as much, you know, four or five months after I, I, you know, had this, had the bottle and so I sent it to a be tested and lo and behold, you know, these proton exchange membranes break down over time. So the first time you use the bottle you're getting very high par per million hydrogen before or five months later you're getting almost none.


Maybe six months later you might be getting zero. Could You just swap out the membrane and continue to use the same bottle or Would you have to Yeah, but they don't use a new bottle. They don't send, they don't send you a new proton exchange membrane. Now some of 'em you can screw off the bottom and they theoretically could send it to you, but, but they're expensive. They're like 250, 300 bucks. I mean about an an H two tablet, like a hydrogen tablet will cost you a buck a day. Right. And you can travel it And It gives you more And it gives you a higher part per million than almost all those bottles. And it's consistent. It's high, it's high dose hydrogen gas. That's exactly consistent. So every single time I put one of those tablets in the water, it's just, it's a consistent dose of hydrogen gas. And I used to get a lot of shit online because I was promoting these bottles so heavily 'cause I believed in them tremendously.


But you know, the average person's like outof pocket 250, 300 bucks. Right? So there's a lot more financially cost effective. Yeah. So with the cold plunge thing you're saying, so cause it wasn a commercial unit, it would work differently and it'd be more robust. Well it's not using pressure. Okay. Right. It's so it's, it's circulating through this machine and it's creating, you know, and using electrolysis and creating the hydrogen gas going back into the tub because you don't need, you're, you're not trying to drink a therapeutic dose. You're trying to bathe in a dose. So you don't need as high par per million. So you don't need the pressure. But the really cool thing is because if you do it in a cold plunge, and when I pull this off, I'll send you one if you do it in a cold plunge, because you know, as the, as the temperature drops, the more you know You can, You can do it dissolve more gas in that volume of liquid.


So ideally you would have the hydrogen generator outside of your coal plunge, let your coal plunge run and fill with hydrogen gas and then you, you're getting in there for the anti-inflammatory response anyway a lot of times. Plus the brown fat activation and cold shark protein release and all peripheral vasoconstriction, all of that. But you would now be exposing yourself to very high doses of, of hydrogen gas. You'd feel amazing getting outta there. Mm. When I, when I bathe in that hydrogen gas, so my wife Sage had a really bad car accident, right, right before we met 10 years ago. And she severely damaged her spine, her her L five S one and ended up having to have a spinal fusion.


And so her L five S one is, is fused and even though she's thin, she's fit, she, she gets a lot of low back pain and when her back pain flares up, there's no chance she's sleeping. But when we put her into that hydrogen nano bath, I mean 25 minutes in there, she sleeps like a little baby. And it's very calming too. It's that shifting you from that sympathetic state, that kind of fight or flight to that parasympathetic state of rest and digest. You can feel that the effects of that hydrogen gas when it goes transdermal and starts to relax, you, you know, feels, feels Good. Well it seems like the more effective way is to do it in a warm tub though, because you can stay in there for a longer so you'd get more exposure.


Well, so you would get, you would get less hydrogen but more exposure than the three minute coal plunge. Yeah, I mean I, I I, this is where, you know, I I, I'd like to see some data, which I don't have. So I do know that if you, if the water is colder, you're gonna, you're gonna dissolve more gas 'cause you're, so you're gonna have a higher part per million in cold water than you are in warm water. But then you gotta look at what's happening in warm water. You're probably having, your pores are dilated, you've got a little vasodilation, you probably have better surface circulation in your skin. So you might be actually carrying more of the hydrogen through the skin. I don't know. Versus when you're in a cold plunge, you're gonna have that peripheral vasoconstriction. Right. You're still gonna get hydrogen through the skin 'cause it's a higher to higher dose.


But I don't have any clinical data to say that one is better than the other. Definitely. Have You done the cold plunge hydrogen? Oh yeah. A hundred percent. I mean I You Did it with a bath bomb. I did it. I didn't do it with a bath bomb. I did it with a, the one in my house that actually I have three of these machines, I did it with one in my house that recirculates it. You throw a hose over one side and, And it sucks the water out of your coal plunge and then you throw a hose over the other side And it puts the hydrogen gas back in. Well How long does the process take to, to hydrogenate? I Let it, I let it run for like 15 or 20 minutes. 'cause I wanted it to be really saturated and the water looks kind of milky. In fact I did it, I had Laura Trump over for we, we shot this Fox News event on her or for her show, for her Laura Trump show.


And, and I did it for us to do this cold plunge shoot. I added the hydrogen gas to the, to the coal punches before we got in there. Felt amazing getting outta there. Now I'm trying to actually plummet right into the coal punch. So it's just in line. So it just runs either all the time or I can turn a valve and turn the hydrogen gas on and have the gas go into the mm. Go into the coal plunge. So that's the next thing. But right now for people, you can just go get these hydrogen bath bombs. You can get these hydrogen bath bombs. And where, where would you get one of those Drink? H two tab. Oh, so you have the drink h two tab.com. Okay. Alright. Yeah, if you go there, you can get the bath bomb. I mean, try it.


I mean just throw one of those bath bombs in there and, and feel how much different your body feels when you are bathing in hydrogen gas. It's, it's incredible. IIII really feel like it is one of the best hacks that so few people are using. I mean, so many people aren't anti-inflammatory. So many people are suffering from inflammation. Not just neural inflammation in the brain, but non-specific markers of inflammation like c-reactive protein homocysteine that are causing all kinds of havoc. I mean, you think about the fact that about 70% of our circulation is, is not done by our heart. Right? Our heart circulates about 30% of the blood in our body.


But the other 70% of the circulation is, is a, is an activity called vasomotor or vamo. Right? Think of a snake swallowing a, a mouse. And we don't really cater to this part of our circulatory system, even though, explain what You're saying. What a snake swallowing A mouse. So, so, so think of a snake. So, so if the heart doesn't circulate roughly 70% of the blood in our body, how is that circulation occurring? 'cause obviously blood is still moving. You have about 63,000 miles of blood vessel in your body. And so there is, your heart is not strong enough in a single contraction.


Your left ventricle, your heart that's ejecting that blood is not strong enough to push the blood through 63,000 miles of vessel. And so, how does the majority of this circulation occur? Well, the majority of our circulation is microvascular, right? So the microvascular circulation does not move blood by pressure. It moves blood by something called vamo or vasomotor. And the best way I can describe vaso motion or vasomotor is to think of a snake swallowing a mouse. And the reason why I say that is because there's no pressure coming in the, the front of the snake, right? It's not, it's not being pushed down the snake's throat, it's being muscularly, moved down the snake's throat.


So it's a wave-like motion, right? It's a, it's this wave-like motion called vasomotor or, or vamo and vascular laxity. How the laxity that's in your vessels matters. Your blood viscosity matters and inflammation matters. This is why when you look at the percentage of high blood pressure diagnoses, for example, if you were to just Google what percentage of hypertension, primary hypertension, essential hypertension, or, you know, high blood pressure is idiopathic right of unknown origin, you'd see that 85% of all high blood pressure, hypertensive diagnosis are idiopathic.


We don't know the origin. And so we examine these people's heart. EK, GEEG, heart sounds, lung sounds, maybe a die contrast study, maybe a CT angiogram, maybe a, you know, some other kind of diagnostic heart imaging. We can't find anything wrong with the heart, and we medicate the heart anyway. Generally for a crime, it's not committing when there's an 85% chance, it's actually something other than the heart. And we never looked to the microvascular circulation. We never looked to the 70% of our circulation. That's actually not done by our heart. What are we doing to cater to that 70% of our circulation? Well, things like resveratrol, hydrogen gas, lowering our homocysteine, which is for most people is very simple to do.


I use an amino acid called glycine, took to, to help people metabolize homocysteine, because those micro vasculature is very susceptible to high levels of homocysteine. And there's so many people that have ailments that are consequences of poor circulation. And we're treating something completely different. So, for example, we focus in concentration, lots of autoimmune conditions. If you look at the circulation in the brain, liver, lungs, pancreas, kidneys, you'll see that the majority of this circulation is microvascular. You know, I, I've talked about why, why you and I both had a positive experience.


For example, with red light, what is red light doing to our eyes? Is it fixing the rods, the macula, the cones, the retina? Was there something damaged that red light fixed? No, it just restored healthy vasomotor activity to the back of your eye, which is why I never wear protection in a, in a red light bed. Now, am I saying a red light bad is gonna cure your eyesight? No. Get so beat up for that. But red light therapy is extraordinarily good for vasomotor circulation. Well, why do you think it improves your skin? The collagen, elastin the fibrin. Why do you think it reduces fine lines and wrinkles? Why does it improve? Why can it improve our eyesight? Because it restores healthy vasomotor activity. And there's so much microvasculature in our body that we don't really cater to this entire segment of our circulatory system.


Think about how small a, a capillary, an artery has to be to carry a fluid to the edge of the lung, exchange a gas with the inside of the lung, pull that gas into the fluid, and not bleed into the lung. So just think about how, how tiny that tube has to be and how many of those you have to have. 'cause don't forget, right outside of your lungs, you got fluid. Those alveoli are grabbing or grabbing gas and throwing that into a fluid. Well, at some point, that pipe has to meet a piece of tissue. How's it not bleeding into that tissue? It is that small. It's microvascular. This is also where hydrogen gas comes into play.


So I don't know where I was going with that point, but I just find it fascinating that we've got so many things that we can do to cater to a lot of these ailments that people chalk up to a consequence of aging. And they can be as simple as catering to that portion of your, your circulatory.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats Summer is almost here, and you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered Catamaran. That's a no lemon meringue. That's a yes. A day in the sun. No, a bottle of rum. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely help you out with that. Get almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You must be legal drinking age. Please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by region. See app for details.


This episode is brought to you by Squarespace. Have you ever been shopping online? And the website just gave you the ick, let me tell you, that wouldn't happen if they used Squarespace. Squarespace Design Intelligence empowers anyone to build beautiful, more personalized websites tailored to your unique needs. And with Squarespace payments, it's super easy to manage payments with just a few clicks. Plus, with Squarespace's integrated and optimized SEO tools, there's all the help you need to get people to your site. Head to Squarespace dot com slash Emma for a free trial and use code, Emma, to save 10% on your first purchase.


It would be so fascinating to run a study, a long-term study on twins, identical twins, and have one person just eat the standard American tie and the other person follow all these protocols. Hydrogen, gas, fitness, healthy food, no seed oil, no drinking, and just see, yeah. What, what do they look like after 20 years? Years? 10 years? Yeah. Yeah. Or 20 years. 20 years would be wild. Wild. Yeah. Be like sending one of 'em the space, you know? And, and, And it's so funny 'cause you know, we are so wrapped around our medical system that's really 50, 60 years old, 70 years old, and how important a randomized clinical trial is and placebo controlled randomized clinical trial that's been peer reviewed and, and all of this.


But we negate the eastern philosophies that very often have been around for thousands of years, and I almost have more lend more validity to something that's actually stood the test of time. Like something that doesn't work is not gonna last a thousand years, you know, by virtue of the fact that it doesn't work. When we were, when we were in the mortality space, we never used randomized clinical trials. We used big data. And I think what you're about to see now that I was alluding to before is we built an entire system on, you know, the, the most rigorous scientific study being the randomized clinical, you know, placebo controlled, randomized clinical trial. And so that is the gold standard. And if it hasn't been through this process, it is not valid.


Well, we've never done randomized clinical trials on, on parachutes, but I wouldn't jump out of an airplane without one. Who wants to be in that? Who wants to be in the control group? Okay, Stan? Yeah, You line up here, you're getting a nap sack and a prayer book, and we're getting a parachute. That's A very good point, right? It's a very good point for, there's some things you really can't run randomized controlled studies on. Yeah, I mean, sometimes we just have data, right? We have really good data. And, and, and one of the things I used to get just absolutely slaughtered for was, I spoke out about the, the simple LDL hypothesis of cholesterol saying that there is no correlation between elevated levels of LDL cholesterol on its own and cardiovascular disease.


You had to have corresponding increases in triglyceride, you had to have inflammatory factors. You usually had to have other metabolic factors like hypertriglyceridemia, hyperinsulinemia, and, and, and yet everybody, you know, would really come after me for that. And now we're starting to see that the data on statins is really falling apart. You know, I mean, big data is starting to tell us that the, the extension of life is, is near zero, but the extension of all cause mortality is near zero. And then the complications downstream, which we never study, I mean, you'll never find a randomized clinical trial looking at more than one pharmaceutical compound in the same biome, yet almost everybody at the age of 60 is on five or more prescriptions.


But we don't study prescriptions in, in concert with one another. We study them independently. We say, okay, if you have a high cholesterol, you're on a statin. Okay? That's independent. If you have, you know, your hemoglobin A1C is over 6.4, you're now insulin dependent. Okay? So now you're on insulin, and you've been a little sad lately. So now you're on A-S-S-R-I and you're thyroid. Ha it's hypofunction. So now you're also on a Synthroid or levothyroxine or arm thyroid And you know, your blood's gotten a little thick because you're on hormone therapy. So now you are on a blood thinner. We've never studied the compounding effect of all of these different pharmaceuticals in the same biome.


We just assumed that the randomized clinical trial and these independent silos is valid, even though we're gonna smack all of these things together. And one of the things that we learned in the mortality space was the more pharmaceuticals you were on, the easier it was for us to predict your life expectancy. It was extraordinarily accurate. For example, if somebody started a corticosteroid, which is very common for rheumatoid arthritis and, you know, other forms of joint pain and whatnot, if you started a corticosteroid, you had by our data six years and one day until you were getting a joint replacement, Jesus, Six years in one day.


So that's the Average. That was the average. So let's say for example, that, well, why is that? Because initially corticosteroids are anti-inflammatory, but then they eat the joint like a termite, oh god. And you know, we knew this in professional sports and a lot of careers were ended early from cortisone injections. You know, a lot of athletes had, their careers actually ended early because they got too many, too many cortisone injections. How many is too many? You know, it sort of depends on the joint and the, and the, and the location. But I would say one of 'em can be beneficial. One of 'em can be very beneficial for in the acute phase of, of pain or injury. That can be very beneficial. But what they used to do is, because these were repetitive use injuries, and you know, very often they would just dose the athlete up for a game.


So, I mean, Joe Theisman, I mean, not Joe Theisman, Joe Montana, you know, he's one of those careers that ended early, very likely because of cortisone injections. And you keep injecting the same ligamentous tissue with cortisone, eventually you'll weaken that tissue and it'll snap, you know, first it has an anti-inflammatory reaction, but then it starts to break down the cartilage like, like a termite in, in fact, it was so accurate that very often what would happen is people would get misdiagnosed with conditions like rheumatoid because they had the same symptomology as rheumatoid. But what they actually had was a long-term clinical deficiency in vitamin D three.


And, and you would see that they would have single digit vitamin D three for decades, and then all of a sudden they would start to present with symptoms that mimicked rheumatoid. They would say, Hey doc, you know, my soles on my feet and ankles are sore when I got outta bed in the morning to go take my first pee. My, I feel like I had a workout the night before when I haven't, you know, my low back hurts and my, my, my knees and hips and shoulders are stiff. Now it's spread to my upper back. And lately it's kind of hard to make a really tight fist. Well, if you give those symptoms to the wrong primary care doctor, maybe without doing any, any confirming diagnosis, without said rates, without RA factors, they go, You know what, Joe? You've got rheumatoid arthritis. But don't worry, I'm gonna put you on something called a corticosteroid.


You are gonna take this pill every morning and you're gonna be fine, methotrexate, whatever it is. And initially you feel great because it kills the inflammation, but then it starts to erode the cartilaginous surface. So if you think about the fact that you had a nutrient deficiency, that you're now being treated with a pharmaceutical and six years in, one day later. Now, by the way, the methotrexate, for example, will give you a gene mutation. It will mimic a gene mutation called M-T-H-F-R. Oh, that one? That one, that one. The motherfucker gene. That's one motherfucker. Gene. Yeah, the motherfucker gene. So even if you don't have M-T-H-F-R, let's try one of those.


Yeah, I might, I might as well try it. Even if you don't have M-T-H-F-R, if you take methotrexate, you inhibit your, your folate metabolisms. Cheers. Cheers, bro. No hydrogen gas. No coffee. I actually saw you sniffing something on one of your podcasts selling salts. DV. What was that? Salt. Salt. Don't, I don't wanna do it, by the way. You can Do it. No, I'm not. Jamie shuck one over. No, no, no, no, no. I've brought it up the wrong time. Gimme a freshie. I'm not doing it. Here we go. I just see all this shit over here. Oh, this is a fresh one. So this one hasn't been open yet. What Is That? This is, do you know who Juju fu is? Crazy. Juju Fu. Yeah. Super cra Well, he's an influencer, but he's like very impressive athlete.


He's like super jacked. Dude, if you gotta name like Juju fu fit guy, you gotta be able to beat ass. Incredibly flexible. This is the guy. Oh yeah, I've Seen him. He's a freak. Like a real freak. Yeah, I mean, for sure. He is not natural. There's not a fucking chance in hell. But I don't care. But what he makes this stuff, we have no affiliation with him. We buy it. It's not, we're not sponsored. So people Oh, you making money off that, bro? No Money off. No, no. I'm not making, dude, I'm scared. Dude. I saw COV almost, almost like Brian Simpson took his headphones off and ran outta the room. No, dude, I'm not getting anywhere near that. No, this is a good one. I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna sniff it with the top on. If it really just the bag.


Oh, And it sealed. Gimme the bag. I'll do the bag. Just Take a sniff of the bag. Ugh. This is so wrong. It is wrong. I feel So dirty. Oh my God, Dude, that's nothing. That's nothing. That's just the bag that the smelling salts have been sitting in. Oh. Oh my God. So what powerlifters do is they take a snip of this shit right before they lift weights. You ready? Here we go. No, I'm not. Zero chance. Oh, Woo. Oh, Lordy, Dude, there is. Come on bro. Zero chance on Going on. Get on in, bro. Come on. Reach for it. Peer pressure, take a, get it about six inches from the nose.


Take a halt. It's good for you. I can't guarantee it's good God word. Oh my God. No, no, no. That was nothing that got me dude. Baby came from the bottom. Come on, you're a biohacker. You're a real man. Get in there. Take a sniff. Yeah, Real. That a real man. I don't do This shit. Get in there, bro. Get in there. 1, 2, 3, go. Sniff. Ah, that's what I'm talking about. Oh God. God. That's what I'm talking about. Let's go, let's go. And that was a, a freshie. The fresh ones are the really hard ones. We have these in the green room at the comedy club. People get addicted. They're all, they're all taking snitch before On stage. Think I lost my left Eye. Yeah, we'll come back better come back stronger. I have no data to support that, by the way.


Now I'm gonna go down the rabbit hole of that water. You're another one. Five minutes. About five minutes, you're gonna say gimme round two. Yeah. Where were we, dude? We were actually, who knows something important. Methotrexate. M-T-H-F-R. I think I did want to ask you about cholesterol before I forget. Where did the narrative come from? That there's good cholesterol and bad cholesterol and that HD l's good LD l's bad. You wanna lower your LDL and you wanna take a statin? Where did all this? So, so, you know, high density lipoprotein and low density lipoprotein, you know, the HDL, the high density lipoproteins generally consider the good cholesterol.


And the LDL, the low density or VLDL, very low density lipoprotein are considered the bad cholesterol. 'cause they're softer, right? But what, what we know now is that the size of the cholesterol molecule matters a lot. In other words, these, the smaller the particulate size of cholesterol, the easier it is to cross into the arterial wall gets eaten, eaten by macrophage, And it forms something called a foam cell, which is essentially this, this foam cell process of oxidized cholesterol is what is the genesis of narrowing of the arteries, right? But again, we have to remember that cholesterol is called to the site of inflammation.


So if you had two people, one with cholesterol of a hundred and LDL cholesterol, and another one with cholesterol of 1 29, does a person with 1 29 have a higher incidence of cardiovascular disease? No. Does a, does the person of 1 29 have a greater risk of a cardiovascular event? No. Just because they have elevated LDL cholesterol. Now, if you start to look at other markers like C-reactive protein, which is a great marker for cardiovascular risk, if you look at triglyceride cholesterol ratio, because remember, fat triglyceride is largely transported around the body on, on the, on the surface of cholesterol. So if, if cholesterol was a tennis ball, the fuzzy yellow surface would be a fat triglyceride.


And if you remember from high school geometry, as the size of a sphere gets smaller, it's surface area two volume ratio goes up. So what that means is, if I had two basket two, I can still, that thing is I got, I gotta seal this thing, dude. It's like, it's, I'm gonna go blind in my left eye. I'm trying to be smart and I can't see outta my left eye. Dude, That, what is it? That's a good question. Ammonia, ammonia, ammonia. Ah, it's no joke, man. I remember, I remember my, my clinic, when Dr. Sardi used to tape these things to the wall, because she would do, she would do these shoulder injections on people and they would get woozy, and she would just crack one of those smelling Salts and they'd come my, they season them for boxers when they got knocked out.


When they got rocked and they get into the corner, they'd give 'em smelling sauce and wake it up. Wow. Not really, but, So let's say you had two basketballs of cholesterol. This is an oversimplified version for the audience, but you have two basketballs of cholesterol and they, and they're covered in fat, okay? A triglyceride. And let's say I add more triglyceride to the bloodstream, right? Which, which happens when you eat high sugar, high glycemic carbohydrate. Why? Because part of insulin's role is, is to block forms of energy metabolism that would allow you to burn fat or at least slow those pathways down. So essentially you have two, two basketballs of cholesterol. And now I want to add more fat to the table.


Those two basketballs become four softballs. If I add more triglyceride to the table, they become eight baseballs. If I add more triglyceride, they become 16 golf balls. And if I continue to raise triglyceride, they'll become 32 little bbs. So the point is, the amount of cholesterol stayed stable. The amount of triglyceride went up as the amount of triglyceride went up, the size of the cholesterol molecule got smaller. So the two basketballs and the 32 bbs are the same volume of cholesterol, same nanogram per deciliter of cholesterol, just vastly different sizes.


Those 32 bbs, very dangerous. Those two basketballs, very little danger. One is actually a marker for longevity. One is a marker for cardiovascular disease, And it is the same amount of cholesterol. Ah, just different sizes. So different sizes. I got my blood drawn a couple years ago, and the doctor asked me if I was on cholesterol medication. He said, your cholesterol is really low. He goes, are you on medication? I said, no, when I eat mostly meat.


This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. Sometimes speed is a huge asset, like in the ring or on the field. Being quicker than your opponent could be the difference between winning and losing in the world of business. It could be the difference between finding or missing out on your next great hire. Luckily, you can speed up the hiring process with ZipRecruiter. Their new zip intro feature can help you meet several interested qualified candidates at once, kind of like speed dating. And right now you can try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro works fast to find the people you need. You can literally post your job today and start talking to candidates in back to back calls tomorrow. It's that fast. And best of all, this feature does a lot of the legwork for you. It finds you top talent for your role and schedules those calls. All you need to do is pick a time. Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with zip intro only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro Post jobs today, talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


This episode is brought to you by Intuit TurboTax. One thing I've learned from doing this podcast is the value of having real experts around whether it's someone breaking down complex science, health, or even philosophy. Having the right people makes all the difference. That's exactly what TurboTax does for your taxes, because now taxes is matching with a TurboTax live expert for your unique tax situation. Your expert is backed by cutting edge technology that cross checks millions of data points for absolute accuracy. And while they work on your taxes, you can get real time updates on their progress and get the most money back all while you go about your day, which means less stress for you and the best possible outcome for your return. It's 2025. It's time to file like it now. This is taxes Intuit TurboTax. Get an expert now@turbotax.com.


Yeah, your, your, your triglycerides would usually go down. Your LDL cholesterol will go up if you're on a ketogenic diet. Dr I think it's in the Dear Singh is his name. Did an unbelievable, he's a cardiologist. Did an unbelievable YouTube video on this. I actually did a podcast with Dr. Asim Malhotra, who is a cardiologist. He's, has he been here too? Yeah. Unbelievable. Love that guy. Hey, shout out to Asim. He's incredible, incredible guy. And Asim would tell you the same thing that, you know, he, he fought the British Medical Journal and, and got publications that he was trying to have published, you know, pulled because he was fighting the narrative on statins and one of the biggest, biggest drugs in the, in the world.


We knew in the mortality space that the centenarians that we were processing death, death claims on. I don't recall a time during my career when we had a death claim on a centenarian, somebody over the age of 100 that did not have elevated levels of LDL cholesterol at the time of their death. Because very often these people would die either in hospitals or cystic care living facilities, and we'd process the death claim. And in order to get the death claim processed, you'd have to know, you know, day, date, time, location, cause of death. They'd have to, and we'd have to get a death certificate. And these people were dying with elevated levels of LDL cholesterol, which you would think, well, when they have died a lot younger of cardiovascular disease.


And now the data is starting to come out to support these other metabolic issues like hyperinsulinemia, you know, hypertriglyceridemia high, you know, high blood sugar, that these, these are villains that precede cholesterol, you know, attaching to the arterial wall. Mm. And so when we talk about metabolic health, we really shouldn't just isolate LDL cholesterol. We should be looking at our blood pressure. You know, our, our, our abdominal obesity, our our sugars, mainly whether or not, You know, what our fasting blood glucose is, what the three month average of our blood sugar is, our hemoglobin A1C, making sure that's below preferably 5.4 looking at our insulin.


Because insulin resistance develops a long time before a lot of these things show up. And looking at other inflammatory markers like c-reactive protein and just generalized markers of inflammation, because most people are eating a very pro-inflammatory diet. And this is why you can't isolate one thing and say seed oils are what's killing Americans. You know, vaccines are what's killing Americans, aluminum vaccines or, or you know, fluoride and drinking water. It's the cumulative dose toxicity of all of these things. Hmm. You know, our water is toxic and we have fluoride, we have chlorines, we have pfas, polyflor alcohols, we have microplastics, we have bisphenols. You know, I actually did a, a test on myself and my entire family called a vibrant wellness test.


And you, you, it's a blood and urine test and essentially it tells you whether you got mold, mycotoxins, heavy metals, all all of these different things. The amount of BPAs in my blood, and I am, I would consider myself pretty on top of my diet game. The amount of BPAs, there were traces of jet fuel, there were aflatoxins jet fuel, there were traces of jet fuel from all your flying like accelerants, like, like aerosol accelerants, maybe from flying a fly a lot. My daughter had it in her, in in her blood too. And so, and, and, and so did my wife. And then we, and then we all had very similar species of mold, which we, which we got rid of.


And I felt a lot better. And it was in your home? It was in, it was actually in my daughter's apartment. We actually ended up having our doctor write a letter and, and, and break her lease. And we moved her into a, a apartment right next to us in, in Coconut Grove in Florida. But she was starting to have, and she's a nurse and she was starting to have these strain symptoms, just brain fog. Her joints were just killing her in the morning. By the end of the day, her ankles were swollen, her mood started to collapse. Like the peaks and valleys of her mood kind of went away. She, and she was, you know, I was bringing her over to, to the house. And obviously as a biohacker I'm trying to solve everything.


So I was like, we gotta do this vibrant wellness test medicine. We gotta figure out what's going on. And then boom, the mold just jumped off the chart. Our youngest daughter too is suffering from recurrent sore throats. And you know, that viruses and, and I mean bacteria and and mold have been mortal enemies for years. I mean, think penicillin and bacteria, right? Right. And so we live in the mold capital of the world. And very often when you get mold toxicity, it doesn't just, it's not just a constant infection. It has a latent phase, a dormant phase, and then a and then a sporulating phase. And so these, these mold infections, which a lot of doctors will tell you, are complete nonsense, are absolutely valid.


I mean, there are people that right now that have severe brain fog, they have joint pain, they have really poor focus in concentration and short-term memory issues. They've got hormone imbalance, they've got water retention, and they got swollen ankles and they cannot really figure it out, out. And they'll do a standard blood test. And you don't see this on a standard blood test. And when you do something like a vibrant, and you look at these, this mold toxicity, you get rid of it. And the you, you see the entire blood panel, you know, comes back into optimal ranges. And they feel amazing. Just like my, my daughter, we did EB O2, we did sauna, we did gut binders, activated charcoal binders, high doses of glutathione.


And over the next few weeks we slowly walked, you know, this mold right out of her, her system. But people suffer from this all the time. In fact, I've been deep down the rabbit hole of a lot of the foundations of these autoimmune diseases because in my previous clinic we had 150, 160,000 patients come through our, our clinic system. And nearly everyone that we saw that had an autoimmune disease was told by their doctor, you just woke up one day and your immune system went haywire. Right? So you, you have Crohn's disease because one day you woke up and your immune system is manufacturing antibodies to your colon, or you have hypothyroid.


'cause you woke up one morning and, and your, your immune system's manufacturing antibodies to your thyroid. So yeah, now you have Hashimoto's or the LAC of mag gland in your eye and you have chagrin or you know, your blood, you have lupus. And we immediately just assume that God made a mistake that the immune system is malfunctioning instead of a staking, taking a step back and saying, You know what, if actually the immune system is acting properly, what if God didn't make a mistake? What if it's attacking the colon for a reason? We just have to figure it out. And if you just eliminated four things, mold, mycotoxin, heavy metals, viruses and parasites, just those four categories, I believe that you would get to the majority of the genesis of, of autoimmune diseases.


So, you know, some of these autopsy studies on multiple sclerosis, for example, were a hundred percent positive for certain colonies of Hellmans, Hellmans, Hellmans, which are parasites. And, and, and these helmuth colonies or, or, or the larvae from these were actually in the myelin sheath of 10 of 10 autopsies that they did on multiple sclerosis patients that I'm not by any way means saying that everybody that has multiple sclerosis has parasitic infection. But there are healthy parasites. There's categories of helmets that are very, very healthy. And some of the underdeveloped countries in the world where actually they have these healthy parasites, which we've wiped out for the large part here.


They don't get multiple sclerosis or they have very, very low incidences of multiple sclerosis. And one of the theories is that because we have, we have disrupted the balance of not only bacteria but parasites in our gut, specifically TSO parasites, which are, which are healthy parasites that the, the pathogenic parasites proliferate and they burrow their, their larvae burrow into the myelin sheath. And they're part of the genesis of, of multiple sclerosis. My whole point in saying that is if you take any Paris pathogen, let's just take this one right here. Oh, what this is, it looks like a Donald Trump coin. So I don't know if the audience could see this, but let's say this was a mold spore or mycotoxin, or this was a heavy metal or, or, or even a virus, and this was a healthy cell, you see that they, they don't hide like this, right?


Metals, mycotoxins, mold, you know, viruses, e even in some cases parasites, they don't hide outside of the cell like this. They hide like this. And inside the cell, inside the cell, I mean, but, but when a virus, when when, when the nucleocapsid protein of a virus attaches to a cell and injects its DNA, that's the way that it takes over that cell. It's kind kind of like being bitten by the zombie, right? I mean, a virus is not a living thing, it's an envelope that that's wrapped around DNA. But when that envelope attaches to the cell wall And it, And it squirts the DNA inside, now the virus has taken over the host cell, right? So it's inside the cell. But the point is that the immune system is not after this.


It's not after the cell, it's after this. So, so how does it, how does it get to this? It has to kick down this wall. It has to break through the cell wall. And very often, And it, in order to do that, it needs to manufacture an antibody to this cell. If you look for example, at hype, you know, for, for Hashimoto's, which a lot of people have, you know, these people have Hashimotos and they're told, okay, well you woke up one day and your immune system decided to attack the, the, the thyroid, you know, your manufacturing antibodies to your, your thyroid. And so, well, why is it attacking my thyroid? Well, we don't know. Let's look at your family history.


Oh, your, your mom's sister had it and your dad's brother had it. Oh, you have familial Hashimoto's, even though there is no gene for Hashimoto's. So you couldn't have inherited it from your ancestor because it now runs in your family. You're told that you have a genetically inherited disease and now you have to subscribe to a lifetime of medication instead of taking a step back and saying, well, what would've called my immune system to that site? And look at the incidence of heavy metal toxicity, mercury poisoning in Hashimoto's, and look at the amount of lead and mercury poisoning in, in Hashimoto's, because the thyroid has an affinity for heavy metals. And very often when they retreat into the thyroid, the immune system will chase them there.


And look at the genesis of a lot of Crohn's disease. I mean, a lot of Crohn's disease has to do with the disruption of the single cell layer in your gut that allows bacteria and other pathogenic contents that should stay inside the luminal wall of your gut. They, they, they leak out and they, they're in an area that they don't belong, and the immune system is attacking them there. And then we wanna hold the immune system responsible for the crime and say, Hey, we're gonna, we're gonna arrest the police officer for what this criminal did. I mean, those contents are in areas of the body where they don't belong. And so we're gonna put you on an immunosuppressant, or we're gonna put you on an anti-inflammatory and we're actually gonna stop the immune system from protecting you.


Instead of saying, what contents could be leaking from my gut that are causing the immune system to light up. And you could just keep going through lots of autoimmune diseases like this, you know, multiple sclerosis, a lot of these conditions. But mold, mycotoxins, metals, parasites. I mean, if I was ever told that I had an autoimmune disease, I would not accept it until I'd done those kinds of tests. Interesting. So back to the narrative of HDL and LDL, how did it get formed that LDL is the bad cholesterol? Because the majority of people that had high LDL cholesterol also had high other factors going on in their body.


And just like a lot of these randomized clinical trials, we look at things in isolation. We study one thing in isolation. One of the worst things we do, in my opinion in modern science is study human anatomy or human physiology or biochemistry in isolation. So we say we're gonna take a cell out of the body, we're gonna put it in a lab, we're gonna look how it behaves in a Petri dish, and then we're gonna assume that when I put that cell back into the body, it's gonna behave the same way. And so we didn't solve for all of these other factors. Well, what was the person's insulin level? What was their fasting glucose? What was their hemoglobin A1C? What were their other inflammatory markers like c-reactive protein, creatine, phospho kinase? What were their, what were the other lifestyle factors that were going on?


And what you, you'll find is it correlation between high levels of cholesterol and people that have cardiovascular disease, but not because of the cholesterol, because of all of the diet and lifestyle risk factors that go around it. But we can build a multi-billion dollar infected a trillion dollar industry by just lowering this one biomarker. And when we lower this biomarker, if that biomarker were directly linked to all cause mortality, if it were directly linked to the incidence of, of cardiovascular disease, then we would see in the population where we lowered this biomarker, we would see an extension of mortality, right?


Because we said this biomarker was high LDL. So if we lower it with the statin, then we're gonna see an extension in mortality. And lo and behold, we see no extension in mortality. So How's it continued to be used? Because it's continued to be marketed that way. You have to understand that there's, there's a box that is called the standard of care. And, and I don't subscribe to the fact that physicians are trying to harm you. In fact, I have the deepest respect for people that are licensed to practice medicine. 'cause I'm not, I'm not one of them. And, And you know, they, they go through a, a schooling to learn to practice within something called the standard of care. If you're outside of the standard of care, your, your malpractice is at risk, your reimbursement is at risk, your career is at risk.


So you may very well be doing something that is in your scope of practice, but it is outside the standard of care. So most physicians will migrate back into the standard of care. So even if you go around to a bunch of allopathic doctors and get multiple opinions, they'll all be within this box. When you jump outside of that box, you gotta be talking to somebody who's willing to say, okay, you probably have to pay me cash. You probably have you put my malpractice at risk. I don't have malpractice coverage for this type of treatment. Not because they're breaking the law, but because they're not within the standard of care. It's just like when physicians started to prescribe ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine for covid when it wasn't the standard of care, even though there were millions and millions and millions of scripts written for these pharmaceuticals that were proven to be extraordinarily safe.


I mean, our, our doctor used to have to write it for joint pain during covid, so she wouldn't potentially risk her license. So what happens is you develop a herd mentality because the system for reimbursement, how they get paid, the system for coverage, how they get malpractice coverage and the system for their career is all dependent on things being inside of a certain box. And the standard of care for someone with elevated LDL cholesterol is to put them on a statin. If you don't do that, you could be risking your license. And why is that the standard of care? Because pharma dictates that that's the standard of care. They also dictate the reimbursement rates.


And so if you look at the study that was done in 2016 by Harvard, you know, which determined that medical error was the third leading cause of death. I think it was repeated by Hopkins in 2019. But the Harvard study in 2016 is very clear that the third leading cause of death in America is medical error. And when you look into the study for why, you know, were, were doctors just killing people? No, what happened was they looked at ICD nine, ICD 10, ICD 11 codes, how they're coding, you know, the diagnosis of what's happened to you. I have to, as a doctor, I've gotta sort of slot you into a diagnostic code so I can get reimbursed and you can get medication and we can all get paid and, but if I don't have a diagnosis to slot you into, I gotta pick sort of the next nearest one.


And there is no diagnosis or way for me to be reimbursed or, or to make a living. If I go, look, Joe, your, your hemoglobin A1C is like 5.7, you're early stage pre-diabetic, you know, you've got a little abdominal obesity going on, your blood pressure's creeping towards the, the high side your fasting glucose is, is, is really high. Let's talk about some diet and lifestyle choices. Tell me what's going on in your life. What's a typical day of your diet look like? You know, can I put you on a treadmill for 25 or 30 minutes? Can I talk to you about intermittent fasting? You know, can I talk to you about things like whole food, diet, exercise? No, none of that. All of that is outside the standard of care.


If something happens to you and I haven't practiced within the standard of care, I'm at risk. And so I think a lot of that is what's really exciting about Mahas. I think a lot of that is going to be begin to change. You're gonna see Bobby Kennedy and his team, again, in my opinion, you're gonna see Bobby Kennedy and his team would ha which have been empowered to make real change, not just getting, you know, poison out of our food supply and having the generally regarded as safe guidelines look at food safety before we put it into the public domain. But you're really gonna see him go after corruption in our nutritional research, corruption in our, in our governmental oversight bodies.


You know, how is it that we can have people that sit in the food and drug administration and regulate private industry and at the end of that regulatory career go in to work for the same industry that they purported to regulate and sometimes for 10 times what they would make as a, as a regulator kind of kooky. It's, it's, it seems to me like you would get arrested for that in another industry. Yeah, right. I mean, if you did that in the securities industry, the banking industry, you wouldn't get away with it. And you know, 70 north of 70%, I think the number 74% of our nutritional research is funded by private industry. You know, we, we privatize the profit, but we socialize the expense.


And, and by this I mean like we, we socialize through the tax subsidized medical system, Medicaid, Medicare, the expenses, right? So the expenses go on to the taxpayer, but the payments go to private industry. So we privatize the profit and we socialize the risk. And then the private industry that benefits from this doesn't even have a fiduciary to the patients that they serve. They actually have a fiduciary to the investor. They, and, and, and they can go to prison for not actually performing for their investor. They can't go to pri prison for not performing for their, for their patient. So if I make a pharmaceutical that goes into your body, but somebody l you know, invested in my company to make that pharmaceutical, my responsibility is to them, not to you.


So now you get harmed. You get harmed. I'm, I'm held harmless, but if I harm him by not selling it to you for the right margin, he gets to put me in prison. It's, I mean, it's, it's, it's mind numbing. It so ass backwards. It's so ass backwards and it's such an uphill sludge. I mean the what, what the, the current administration has to do. What, what Bobby Kennedy has to do is sort of re restructure decades and decades of what's essentially corruption. Yeah. And there's a, there's a lot of people fighting him on it, man. Wow. Oh, I could only imagine. Because the amount of profit, you know, when you're talking about these industries, the, the amount of money they generate is astronomical and they're responsible for so much of the advertising revenue of mainstream media that mainstream media not only will not cover the negative aspects of their drugs, but will heavily criticize anyone who tries to go outside the narrative.


Very true. And I mean, you know, look at this, you know, this strong kids commission, you know, it's, the idea is to try to go to schools, put physical education back into schools, get highly processed foods outta the schools, and actually not to fat shame kids, but to pro body morphic, encourage them like, yes, it's okay to not want to be sloppy and outta shape and to call that out and to actually be physic physically fit and healthy. It's not that you have to be there to be, to gain status, but it's okay to not want to be fat.


This episode is brought to you by Visit Myrtle Beach. If you're dreaming of a beachy summer escape, then head to the beach in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You'll find 60 miles of stunning coastline, hundreds of attractions to explore, and the south's newest foodie hotspot. It's where you play hard and beach easy. You belong at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Start planning your summer adventure@visitmyrtlebeach.com.


This episode is brought to you by Oracle. There's a growing expense eating into your company's profits. It's your cloud computing bill. You may have gotten a deal to start, but now the spend is sky high and increasing every year. What if you could cut your cloud bill in half and improve performance at the same time? Well, if you act by May 31st, Oracle Cloud infrastructure can help you do just that. OCI is the next generation cloud design for every workload where you can run any application, including any AI projects, faster and more securely for less. In fact, Oracle has a special promotion where you can cut your cloud bill in half when you switch to OCI. The savings are real. On average, OCI costs 50% less for compute, 70% less for storage, and 80% less for networking. Join Modal Skydance animation and today's innovative AI tech companies who upgraded to OCI and saved offer only for new US customers with a minimum financial commitment. See if you qualify for half off at oracle.com/rogan, that's oracle.com/rogan.


Well, there's also, there's the rea look, I don't think you should shame people. I don't to them, however, if someone pulls you aside and says, Hey Bobby, you are overweight and it's fucking up your health And you know, it's, it's really bad for you if that makes you feel bad and that feeling bad inspires a change in your lifestyle, in your diet and exercise routines and what you do, that's a positive. Yeah. And sometimes you have to feel bad. Like someone has to give you an F for you to realize, oh my God, I'm gonna fail in this class unless I study harder. Yeah. Like, that's part of life.


And you can't just coddle people and expect success. That's not how it works. I totally agree. It's one of the most important aspects of athletics because athletics are a very clear, it's a very clear formula that the more work you put in, the harder you train, the more results you'll get. As long as you're not over training And you know Right. You do it correctly. If you put in the effort, the ultimate's, the ultimate siv. Yeah. You work hard, you will get results. And that's, that's, it's a vehicle for the rest of your life. If You can learn that at a young age. That's why I think athletics are so important for young people. If you can learn that at an early age that the discomfort is necessary for growth.


Like being tired, pushing yourself, working out when you don't want to. Yeah. Like pushing yourself to the point where your body has to adapt and grow and become stronger is a part of this process. And it's beneficial. And through doing that, you'll actually feel better. It is actually a medicine. If you could get the way Really? Yes. If you can get the way I feel after I have a hard, if I cold plunge, have a hard workout, get in the sauna, stretch out, and then go about my day. If you could put that in a pill, people are like, oh my God, my new anti-anxiety medications is so incredible. Yeah, yeah, yeah. My doctor, I take it every day. It's so incredible. I'm so happy that I went to this doctor 'cause he put me on the right stuff.


Yeah. That pill, if, especially if it did all the things that exercise did without exercise, it would be the most valuable pill in the world. But getting people to feel discomfort voluntarily is so difficult when people have this sedentary lifestyle and this lazy mind and this entitlement that so many people have where they feel like the world owes them something. Yeah. Instead of, I've owed myself, I've gotta work for myself, I've gotta put off these feelings of, I've gotta de delay these feelings of, you know, relaxation and comfort and delay it and give myself some voluntary discomfort so that I can feel true.


Peace. Yeah. I actually trademarked the statement. Aging is the aggressive pursuit of comfort. By the way, if you wanna use that, just use that. I won't, I won't sue you. But well Also aging, actually aging, that's part of it Too. Aging. What you do is the aggressive pursuit of comfort. And if you think about that for a minute, it truly is, the more aggressively we seek comfort, the faster we age. Right? It's like we really gotta stop telling grandma not to go outside. It's too hot not to go outside. It's too cold. Just It's lay down even really aging right? It's deterioration, it's Deteriorations. Yeah. You're gonna act, your muscles will atrophy, your bone density will decrease your ligaments and your tendon will lose. We seek comfort. Yep. I mean, when has a cold plunge?


Not sucked Every day for Me, it sucks Every time. I don't want to do every day while I'm doing it. There's my little inner bitch that's trying to talk out it, inner bitch. My little inner bitch has a little whispery voice though. It's like, you know, you don't Really mind do this. You don't need to, Joe. Oh, this is gonna suck. Maybe you can just go eat cake. You're rich and successful. Yeah. You don't Have to do this. But thankfully the general, the general is what I call the one part of my brain that I, I try to keep the most dominant. That, that where I tell myself, shut the fuck up, shut up, stupid. Get in there. This is not, this is, I I hear unavoidable get in there. I Hear David Goggins in my, in my head like, you know, like, shut up you pussy.


Get that, get that, get that cold punch. He's like, what does he say? Don't negotiate with yourself. My, my, my son and I went, went on this race called the Great World Race, which is seven marathons. Seven continents in seven days. And, and I did a couple of half marathons in one full marathon, but he did all seven marathons on all seven continents in seven days. Oof. How banged up was he by the end of seven days? Ah, Yeah, he was, this was in November, so he's 24 now. He's 23 at the time. So this was like five months ago and I guess at 23 you kind of feel like you can't be killed by a bullet. Yeah. Turns out by Cartena. He was, he was feeling it.


But, but we took the David Goggins book with us and we read, like, I was reading like a chapter out of it every, every day. But it was a crazy experience because, so my son Cole and myself and my, my cameraman, my production guy, I went with us and initially I'm like, this is so awesome. We're gonna see all seven continents in seven days. We're gonna see Antarctica due by the third marathon. I, I was in just, I was so exhausted and in so, in so much pain. And I'd only done like half marathons when we got off the, got off the flight in Antarctica, every, all the, all the racers go out and start running.


I had these big Timberland boots on and this big puffy jacket and I was just sitting at the start line, just was gonna wave for my son. And I asked the race director, I'm like, how, how long are these loops? He's like, well, they're six point whatever miles. And, and there's four of 'em. And I was like, I could easily do one of these. So I just started running Whatever and the Timberlands and, and The, and these size 14 Timberlands Dude, Which I, which I immediately regretted because then the snow starts caking to the, to the bottom of my Timberland. So I ended up actually marching and not really running. And it was so funny 'cause my, my, my son has these spikes on, so of course he laps me and he comes by, he's Like, dad, what the fuck are you doing out here?


I was like, I thought I'd give it a whirl. So I actually made three loops. So I got 18 miles. Oh wow. He ran the whole 26.3. Then you get on the plane and then you fly five and a half hours in economy sitting up like this. Right. You fly five and a half hours and you land in Cape Town, South Africa and you get off the plane and immediately run another marathon. Oh God. And it's ball's hot. And, and then you, we packed up and from that marathon, so now these marathons were only like five and a half hours, six hours apart. So now you've done two marathons in 24 hours. One in Antarctica, one in the heat in South Africa. And then it was like 11 hours to Perth, Australia.


And I ran another half there. He ran a full, full marathon there. And then you're done in Perth, Australia and you pack up and we flew to Istanbul. And the cool thing about Istanbul is you could, you could run on, on the Asian side and then run on the European side. So this was like the only night we got to stay into a, in a hotel room and actually take a shower. And so we get to Istanbul and, and the, the marathon was supposed to be along this wharf. It was like supposed to be, it's, it's pitch black at night. It's the, the dock is all broken apart. You know, there's these big huge cracks in the sidewalk.


And it was 26.3 miles along this wharf. Only the thing was, we were told that they were gonna get all the fishermen off the wall. And so it was lines and lines and lines of these guys fishing at night. And it would take the, oh boy, and they would snap the hooks forward. And so We get there and we're like, this is Way too fricking dangerous. And I guess the, the company that they had hired to clear all these fishermen, just took their, took their money and, and said the whole course was gonna be lit, found out the course wasn't lit. So then you had to wear the, the headlamps. And so took 'em like an hour, around 20 minutes to clear all these fishermen. But then we started running and, and we ran with those, you know, those headlights on.


And if you've ever been in the pitch black and you've just watched that light bounce in front of your eyes for, I don't know how my son did it. 'cause I ran for like, like an hour and a half and I was like, fuck this. I have nothing to prove. You know, I'm 53, I'm gonna be 54. I'm like, I've already run a few half marathons. I feel really good. So he ran the entire thing and I joined him for a bunch, a bunch of laps. But finally he just ripped the thing off his head because that light's shaking in front of your eyes for four hours at a time. Pretty soon you just start to go batty and then you, you go to sleep the next day you run on the Asian side. Then it was 19 hours to Cartia and about a third of the athletes drank the water with the ice or ate the salad that was washed in the water from Oh No.


And the worst montezuma's revenge Joe you could ever imagine. Oh no. Like a third of the plane wakes up six or seven hours into this 19 hour flight. Just puking both ends. Oh Boy. Lines outside the bathroom. Lines outside the Bathroom, Squeezing your butthole shut, trying to get in there In time. People laying in the, in the, the galleys just Throwing up into the trash cans. Oh no. Except for, oh no. And I swear, by the time we landed, my son had lost so much weight and he was just in the, and then we had a ho we get to the hotel room, which you, you actually didn't get to spend the night. We, we got to the hotel room just to change. And he's in there just puking, you know, crapping and finally gets this race gear on.


We go downstairs and like half half of the athletes are like, look like they're on their deathbed. And because we were late to cartia, the, the race goes off at like 1230 in the afternoon, 12 o'clock in the afternoon. It's fricking 98 degrees, maybe a hundred degrees, 90% humidity. It is the hottest flattest, most unforgiving course. And I remember turning into my production head of my production team this Max, and, and I was like, max, there is zero chance he's finishing this marathon. 'cause he'd already started about 208, 210 pounds and he was probably one 90 by this time.


And, and so I pull up next to my son and I was like, look man, if you don't give up on this race, you know, I, I won't give up on you. And I sincerely regretted that at like mile 16 or 18, Like saying that I would run the whole race With him because Everything In, I've never run a marathon except for that day. Everything in my entire body hurt Joe. Like, like I was in so much pain from the waist down that I think I was just completely numb. And he was just going from porta potty to porta-potty puking and shit. And puking shit. And puking shit. And, and I was having these sentimental moments where I was like, man, I'm so, so happy to be out here with you, dude.


Like this is, we're gonna look back on this one day and wish we were back here. And he would like look at me and go, dad, shut the fuck up. And it would quiet down for like another 30 or 40 minutes and then I'd get sentimental again and he'd tell me to shut the fuck up again. We ended up finishing the race though. I don't know how, I don't know how he did it. He sipped, he sipped little ounces of coconut water for that entire Carthan race. And then we had to get on the plane and fly to Miami to run the seventh one, which I didn't do. He he did. Wow. But I don't even know why I brought that up, but crazy. It was a crazy, crazy moment. There were these women that were running this race, I kid you not that they had montezuma's revenge so bad that they would leave the race cor race course and run into the, the bay that we were running beside and just shit themselves in the bay and then get back out and keep Running the Road.


Oh God. And the guy that set the world record in Antarctica left the course in an ambulance in Cartia. Wow. It was insane, man. My friend Cam Haynes, when he was preparing for one of those ultra runs, when you run for three days, like 240 miles, he was running a marathon a day while he was working an eight hour job. He was running a marathon a day. A Marathon a day. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. There's a guy right now in Bahrain staying with Sheikh Nassar who's the, who's the, one of the sons of the King of Bahrain. And he is running 150 full distance triathlons in 150 days.


When I was there he was on 59. I kid you not, It's amazing the body's potential if you just continue to push it. The thing about Cam, as Cam had been running for so long, for so many years that he had this incredible base, his base of cardio, he was used to doing 10 miles. He every day. What does he weigh? Like what's 1 70, 1 60? That's kind of big for that. Yeah. Kind of just, well, his son is even fucking crazier. His son just broke the world record in pull-ups in 24 hours In pull-ups. Wow. Yeah. I think he did 10,001, 10,000 in one in 24 hours. 10,001 in 24 hours. 10. So he had broke the, so Goggins had a record.


He broke Goggins record and then some cat. How old is Australia? Old? He's young. He's like 25. Wow. He's an animal too. That's him. And he runs with jeans on, by the way. Why? Just for a fucking goof. He runs with origin jeans. Have you ever used those stretchy jeans that Origin makes? I, I have fucking great, they're basically sweat Pants. I dunno if I've run a marathon in 'em. They're basically sweatpants. They give you no resistance. You can kick somebody in the head with them. Easy. He's gifted though. Like you can tell that stride like he's just A, well he is been living, coordinated a fucking animal his whole life. So he, he came in seventh place in the Austin Marathon and he has not built like a marathon guy. He's jacked. Yeah, He definitely Is. I mean obviously won the World Pullup Championship or World Pullup record.


He, he is where I got one of the ideas to carry a lot of weight for like, like when I do 150 pounds of Oh, is that what he Does? So what he does, he did this thing where I think it's a mile, like see if you can find it. So he is carrying a sandbag and I believe he has a weight vest on as well. And I think the overall weight is over 200 pounds. And he goes a over a mile with over 200 pounds. Oh. Just, just, And he timed it. See if you can find that. Just Walking like on a track. Yeah. I'm going short distances when I'm carrying a heavyweight. But what I'm trying to do is, you know, Peter Atia talked about this too, like the importance of the ability to carry weight and walk with it.


And then there's this guy Tom talks About the The centenarian. Decathlon, yeah. Yes. And then there's this guy in Australia who's like an incredible freak. His name is Tom Havilan and he's an enormous guy. He's like six foot seven close, he's 300 pounds. I just close to 400. Right? Isn't he like closing in on 400 pounds? And he's musk Jack jacked. And one of the things that he does is a part of his, he does like very unusual workout routines. Wow. But see if you can find some videos on it. That's what he looks like. I mean, just a fucking complete freak. But he does A white Dude. Yes.


Enormous guy too. I mean he's a huge guy. But he does a lot of his workouts are not just like normal deadlifts, bench press, all that kinda shit. Some of his workouts he does carries things like he carries things like off one side or another. So go to his Instagram so I can pick one. A lot of these are just mostly you see just his back. Why when he filmed? I don't know. He's a psychopath. He has to be out of his fucking mind just to be doing this. 'cause he's one, literally one of the strongest guys in the world. Really? Yeah. Does he participate in like strong man competitions? I Don't think he does. I think he just does all this shit on his own and I don't even understand why. So what does he weigh now?


300, two pounds. Wow. He drinks, he eats 6,570 calories a day. Yeah. And 3,200 and, no, excuse me, 329 grams of protein. 814 grams of carbs. 222 grams of fat. And so he was, And that's the current phase, which is a deficit. Yeah. This was him on his way to So go back to that. It was three 40. Yeah. So he is at 340 pounds. I think he was trying to get to 400 pounds at one point in time. But one of the things he does a lot is carry stuff. And so I started looking into this idea like what, what, what, what is it, what's the big deal about carrying and walking with stuff?


So he does this like how much weight is that motherfucker guy carrying around with him? Mm. How many plates is that? I mean Five, 500 pounds. What is that? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 10 plates. So it's, so that's four 50 pounds. Yeah. And so he is just walking short distances with this. So I started doing that in my yard. So I started doing it with farmer's Carries. And you know, when I ruck I just use the 45 pound plate when I go a couple miles with the dog. But What's with the back? I mean, why isn't he? Because He's a fucking psychopath. Why does he have all clothes on too? Because if he takes the clothes off, he's super impressive. Really? He takes his shirt. Yeah, he's fucking ripped.


I mean the guy's enormous. I forget his background. That's him. Yeah, that's him. That's what he looks like, dude. Holy shit. And again, he's like six, seven or something crazy like that. Built that way. Wow. But he does a lot of carrying stuff and walking stuff. Yeah. And he, he feels like it's very important for like your overall strength. I think I would agree With that. To be able to walk, not just to be able to sit there and push stuff and do squats in place, but to move with things where you're balancing and counterbalancing moving left foot, right foot, left foot, right foot. Yeah. And I think there's a real benefit to that. You know, I like to, I like to single arm, you know, farmer carry. Yes. It makes a lot of sense.


Especially just trying to stabilize your spine instead. Yeah. I'll do that with like a 70 pound kettlebell and I'll just like walk up a hill with a 70 pound kettlebell and I can't get very far before I have to put it down. 'cause my grip gives out. But I won't use straps because I think I really want to dev. Like I've been doing a lot of, I carry this fucker around with me too. 'cause we have this thing in the comedy club where it's a, a like one of those strength things where you Squeeze it And it counts And it has a count. Yeah. And I got to 161 pounds of how strong you can squeeze. It's the hardest I've ever got. So I wanna get to 180. So I've been, I've been squeezing of Just, just grip strength, just Holding that motherfucker all the time. This is a heavy one. You got you. You got some meaty pause Though, bro.


Yeah, I get to put hands. Yeah, just hold that motherfucker. I feel like hand strength, you have to Get angry Hand. No, I do. You don't have to. I like to get, I just like to get angry if I can, but hand strength I think is very important. Yeah. Most of my work workout Peter t talks about grip strength And it's, it's very important Syndication for, I do a lot of hanging too. I do a lot of hanging from my back and my shoulders too. I just hang from a, a chin up bar. Oh yeah. I don't like strap. That's Good. I don't straps. How long can you dead Hang? Two minutes. Okay. I'm just, just out there myself. Just around two minutes. I put those weighted vests on and And that's A good way to do it. Yeah. The weighted vest for short bursts, You know. Yeah. I'll take like a 12 pound weighted Aon vest and, and I don't think you can do it with a rock, but, but I do those, those 12 pound Aon vest and I just hang like this, this is the one one of 'em too.


This one's about 12 pounds. But Yeah, I do one series of all body weight workouts where I do chin-ups, pushups and then L chin LI guess you would be pull-ups where, where it's a tight grip And you know, by l meaning I lift my legs up Yeah. And I hold them in position. And Paul Sal Dino's got me doing that now. So I do that most of the time with no extra weight, but like two times a month I'll do it with 25 pounds. So I'll put a 25 pound vest on and do my entire routine with long breaks. Like a ruck vest? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's actually from Go Ruck, it's 25 pound.


It's like a, like a, you know, just strap it and velcro it down. And so I'll do my series of tension ups, my series of 20 chi 20 dips and then 10 LL pullups and I'll do That. But you're talking like the L sits where you're holding the bars and you just put your feet straight out. You put your feet. But I, not tougher than they Look, but I'm not holding the bar down here. I'm doing chin Up. Oh, chin up. Okay. So I'm doing the L like this and then I'm doing these, yeah. With my foot straight out. So it's the abs it's like, I'm just try, I've had like a, a problem with my lower back and I think a lot of it came from, I know where it came from. It came from archery where I was spending too much time pulling one side only.


Ah. And then also I was getting a little bit of tendonitis and I was just saying, fuck it. Just working through it. Did you Try to shoot both sides with your bow now? No, but what I do now is, 'cause my bow is pretty heavy. It's 85 pounds to pull it back. But I'm doing it like when I'm really training hard. Look at, it's getting close to September. I'm probably shooting a hundred times a day. So I'm a hundred times I'm pulling back 85 pounds. Wow. So now what I do, and I learn this from cam, I take a a 10 pound dumbbell and I hold it with my right. 'cause I pull my bow with my right arm. So I put a 10 pound dumbbell with my right arm and hold it out. And then with my left arm, I have a cable, like a cable machine.


And I'm pulling back the same, I'm mimicking the exact same motion of archery. I see. So I'm holding and can't, can't talk this. So You're doing this in a gym on a, on a, on a Yes. Like with just a hand weight. So I'm holding it like that and then I'm using the pulley and I'm pulling the cables back and I'm holding it for a count of two and then bringing it back, holding it for a count of two and bringing it back. So I'm balance out balancing out my back. Are you a lefty or a Right. Right. So, so you're right. Is that's where you're holding your Bow. So my right arm, I'm pulling back. Yeah. I'm holding the bow with my left arm to stabilize it and I'm pulling it back with my right arm. So now to counter that, I immediately go to the gym right after. So one of the things I'm noticing is like, boy, I get fucking so sore on my left side now because this is fairly recent.


I've only been doing this for a couple months, the left side to stabilize it. But I think I should have been doing it the entire time. And 'cause I was getting like really bad lower back pain last hunting season. And it was just because of tendons. I was just overusing you because you're stabilizing, right? So you're pulling back the bow and you're holding it in place and you're stabilizing on your right side. And after your, your form kind of breaks down, plus all that. 'cause you get a little tired now I just, when my, I feel my form breaking down, I stop. I just stop shooting. So instead of shooting a hundred times a day now maybe I'll shoot 30 or 40 and I just stop. I won't push. 'cause it's a meathead mentality that I, my stupid brain like won't abandon, even though I know it's like injuring me.


Yeah. But this, this is, it had, it actually had became a problem And it was hurting me when I was playing pool and I did a bunch of things to deal with it. One of the things I did is this thing called new fit, where they put, which helped a lot, where they put electrodes on your muscles and then you go through a series of core routines while you're doing that. That helped a lot. That's Cool. And then incorporating rotational exercise has helped a lot. So I have like a, like a golf looking Thing bar? No, I have a bar, like a straight bar and I'll put like my right leg forward and I'm, so I've got it, the bar back on the right side and I'm twisting forward. So I'm doing that. So a lot of rotational exercise. And I'm also twisting up, you know, and I'm doing a bunch of different things to twist.


And another thing I do is I sit on a pad with my legs elevated and I have a kettlebell and I'll twist it to the side with my legs up in the air. So I'm getting all this rotational exercises into my system now that I didn't used to do before, but I really should have been doing from the beginning. I always did abs, you know, I always did. You know the, the hip glute thing where you're, you lean all the way back. Yeah. GGHD Sit ups. Yeah. So yeah. So I, I do, I used to do a lot. Well yeah, those are good. I still do a lot of those. Yeah. And then back across extensions. But I wasn't doing rotational stuff. And I think that's the difference. Rotation. When do you actually, when, when, when is hunting season for you? December, September.


Oh, September. Yeah. And where do you go? Like Utah or Wyoming? Yeah. The Photo that you, you were asking about out front. That's Utah. Oh, That's Utah. Yeah. It's Wes Beautiful. And you offer for a week and you just Gorgeous. Love it. Yeah. Stay at somebody's ranch out there. It's, it's just so lovely dude. Love it too. Everything about it is great. It's just, I look forward to it so much. That's Why I love the mountains. Like, you know, honestly, I think our long-term plan is to, we've got a beautiful place in Miami is to, is to sell that place and get a spot. I mean, it's continue to develop our spot in Colorado because there's something about these authentic log cabins, glacier fed, spring water will and septic, you know, solar fed electricity. Yeah. Like just old school, old, old, old school.


I mean, And it makes you so happy. And I totally agree with you. I wish, I wish that people could feel what that feeling is like. And they wouldn't chase a lot of Other, well I think there's also some intangible input that you're getting from society that you're not thinking about, But that affects you. That's absent when you're in the woods and you feel refreshed because of That. It's a connection to Mother nature. I mean, it's a connection to life, you know? It is. I think that we've gotten So, but I also think the absence of society's a thing. Yeah. I think, I mean this is gonna sound so super kooky, but I think even wifi and cell phone signals, I think they have an effect on you. I don't know how much of an effect.


I think I'll tell you a story, true story about, so I, my house, we have this, we, my wife and I sleep in an EMF free tent. And I went a little nuts with the biohacking here. So sleep in a Tent, You know. So Every night we Have these every, every night that we're home in Miami. So it's a PVC frame, you know, it's like five and a half feet tall, six foot tall little frame. It's just PVC, it's dirt cheap. And then draped over top of it is pure woven silver fabric. So it looks like a mosquito net. That's over our king size bed. And in the back of our bed, ITEC clipse into this grounding mattress, which plugs into the wall. So the whole cage is grounded. And there's no 5G, no wifi. That's it right there. Jamie's got a photo of it.


Oh, that's exactly it. That is literally exactly it. I wonder if there, So that protects you from M Gary B's bed in there. If it would show it. 'cause I put it on. Is That what you do Icra? That's exactly what we sleep in. Exactly. That E mf shielding canopy. See this is like kooky. This is where you and I Separate die. This is where I know Sleeping. I know. So I tried to bring that up. My wife would smack me. Dude, I, I also have a hyperbaric chamber in our bedroom. I Have a hyperbaric chamber In the bedroom? No, in my house. Oh, Okay. I got my podcast studio inside of one now Inside of a hyperbaric chamber. Inside of a hyperbaric chamber. How big is your hyperbaric chamber? It's Huge. It's got two may box seats in it. It's got like a 52 inch or 54 inch tv. It's got three AI powered cameras.


My gym is in the hyperbaric Too. Well, wouldn't, so here's the thing. I have A rower and weights like a whole set of weights in inside Of it. There's a, a risk of using electronics in a high oxygen environment. You don't use a high oxygen environment. You know, never. And I don't think there's any reason to go into a high, a hundred percent O2 chamber. I mean, none of my chambers will go to a hundred percent O2. So none of 'em are flammable. You could have a candle inside of there. Oh, theoretically. I don't suggest it. But you could. But They would tell you to not even wear certain kinds of clothes in the hyperbaric Chamber. Yeah. Because if you have a hundred percent O2, you can have static electricity, you can light a spark And it could explode. So what is a hundred percent O2 versus like what you're doing? So you have to actually put medical grade oxygen into the chamber, which I don't do.


But You don't. So, so the one that I used to go to, they would give you a mask and you would wear the mask. Okay. And oxygen would get pumped into your mask while you're in the hyperbaric chamber, You know? Yeah. So that's also not flammable. That's probably 92, 90 3% O2 pure oxygen. A hundred percent oxygen is flammable. It's just like pure hydrogen gas is flammable. Right. So a hundred percent O2 is flammable. I mean that terrible accident that happened to that young boy in the Midwest here recently, where the hyperbaric chamber actually exploded. What happened? Yeah. I mean this a young, I think it was five and a half year old little boy was in a hyperbaric chamber. And very sadly, the technician left him in there, didn't ground him.


And, and he had a blanket in there with him and he moved the blanket. And this static electricity, you know, caught and died a hundred percent. O2 oh exp exploded. His mother was injured too. Oh My god. I wanna say that the both of the, the nurse and doctor and the clinic owner have been charged with, with manslaughter. Oh my god. Terrible. But the, the, those are a hundred percent O2 chambers. It's clear, it means important to make the distinction that these a hundred percent oxygen chambers, I mean these are, these are bombs. I mean that And why would you have a hundred percent O2 chamber versus what you're talking About? So if you look at some of the therapeutic benefits for things like diabetic ulcers, burns, things like that, where, you know, necrosis, tissue necrosis, those make sense in a supervised hospital environment with, you know, someone standing right outside the chamber.


The entire time I've been in, I've been in one, one time in place called bio accelerator in managing Columbia. And but the, the home use chamber is where you get a prescription from your doctor and you actually get a, probably what you have is yours. A soft shell no chamber. It's a heart shell. Oh, okay. So that'll probably go to two atmospheres of pressure. That's really good. Yeah. It's to that, so Dr. Jason Saunders, who wrote the book, hyperbaric Medicine with Dr. Dmitri will tell you there's a lot of benefits at, at low pressures like 1.3 atmospheres, which You can get in in a soft chamber. And there are a lot of benefits at higher pressures like two atmospheres. So I never go above two atmospheres twice. The atmospheric pressure, if you think about what's happening at twice the atmospheric pressure, you're taking the oxygen from the air, which is about 21% sea level, what we're breathing right now.


And you're doubling that 'cause you're doubling the pressure. So every 33 feet, you go below sea level, you double the atmospheric pressure. So when you get to two atmospheres of pressure, you're, you're essentially taking in twice as much oxygen. The oxygen concentration hasn't increased, but the size of the gas has gotten smaller. So now you're profusing tissues with oxygen that they, that normally wouldn't be as profused with oxygen. You can also put on a nasal cannula and get 92, 90 3% O2. But that's also not flammable. If you took a nasal cannulas from, from an oxygen concentrator, like one that works for your E wat or something and you let a lighter in front of it, it would, that, that gas is not going to catch fire.


Okay. A hundred percent. O2 is, is is flammable and very dangerous. So What's the benefit of a hundred percent O2? Just a higher concentration of oxygen for things like, you know, diabetic ulcers. When you have anaerobic bacterial infections, meaning bacterial infections that do not thrive on oxygen, you have to be careful with aerobic bacteria. 'cause there are bacteria that actually feed on, on oxygen as well. And so you don't wanna put somebody who has an aerobic infection into a hyperbaric chamber. You wanna put somebody who has an anaerobic infection into a hyperbaric chamber.


But what's really interesting is, you know, some of the research that's coming out of Israel, especially on cognitive function, using 60 days at two atmospheres of pressure and then reducing the pressure over time, you know, the, the improvement in mitochondrial density, the improvement in blood flow, cognitive scoring, reduction of neural inflammation, you know, I know you can't say treat or cure, but they, they use these to modulate au autism, all kinds of neuroinflammatory conditions. Parkinson's. Alzheimer's, which is really linked to type type three diabetes, which is insulin resistance in the brain.


But the, the byproduct of that is this neural inflammatory cascade. So reducing neural inflammation, you know, there are a lot of benefits to hyperbaric, I mean tissue recovery, post-surgical wound repair, post-surgical recovery. You know, these, these things have pretty profound. And that was Also a study out of Israel that showed the lengthening of telomeres when they did a, a protocol of 60 sessions. Yes. 90 minute sessions over 90 days. Yes. 60 days or 60 sessions in 90 days. 60 sessions in in in 90 days. Yeah. 60, 90 minute sessions in 90 days. You're right. Yeah. Dr. Saunders talked about that a lot Too. And they showed telomere lengthening, which was the biological equivalent of a decrease of age of 20 years.


Yeah. It's a chromosomal end cap. And if you think about it, I have a saying that, that, you know, the presence of oxygen is the absence of disease. And I truly believe that because if you look at the breakdown in mitochondrial respiration, which occurs when you deprive the mitochondria of all kinds of things, but mainly of oxygen, which is our fuel source, you know, which is not, not our fuel source as humans. Our fuel source is a TP, but the fuel source for the mitochondrias, mainly oxygen. And when you feed it oxygen, you have a 16 fold step up in cellular energy. When you deprive it of oxygen, you have a 16 fold step down in cellular energy. Right. I mean, the difference between aerobic and anaerobic respiration or the kreb cycle, having the presence of oxygen or not having the presence of oxygen is a pretty substantial number.


And so hyperbarics, because they allow for compressed oxygen, even if you don't increase the percentage of O2, right. You take it, you keep it at 21%, like we're breathing right now, but you just double the atmospheric pressure. I mean the, the effects are pretty, pretty profound. Mm. And, and I believe their risks are low. If you have a physician, you understand how to operate the chamber and you have safety procedures and you're not using a hundred percent O2 and you're, you're at shallow depths, you can ascend quickly without being in trouble. If you're a diver, you understand dive tables. You have to ascend at certain rates and pause at certain levels. So the one that, that I, I built, I was like, man, how do I just compress time?


I'm like, well, I'm gonna work out. So what if I was able to put the gym in there and I'm doing podcasts? I remember the guy thought it was out of my fricking body where I started Talking. It does sound crazy. Yeah. But it's got a, it's, it's got a norde track rower in there and, and how big is it? And weights Like the size of this room. It's, It's pretty big. Lemme see if I can show you a picture of it. That would be a great way to like compress time. Right. Because you feel more than one thing done at the same thing. Dude. You feel I feel amazing getting out. That's Actually my son working in it. Wow. That's crazy. So That's my son, Dylan. We went in there the day Working out in a hyperbaric chamber And you could kind of watch Netflix in there too.


Yeah. You got a screen in there and everything. Oh wow. And it's got, yeah, we're just jamming some music in a row. And Then he does the Wow. Playing a little rap Music. So I was playing rap, I was playing some rap music. I got a soundbar in There. That's pretty dope. Yeah, it was pretty cool. That's awesome. Yeah, I just lay down in mine and listen to books. I, well, the, the, the other one you can lay down And it's, it's, it's got these seats that recline. It's got a television in too. So you can I go in there and watch the news sometimes. Oh, that's great. Yeah. My wife and daughter goes in there and they just take a nap to see. I Was talking to Dana about it, like how beneficial it is.


It's like, how much time does it take? I'm like, it's about two hours. And he's like, I don't have that fucking time. I know like, everything, you gotta do something. You do the red light that's cold Trying compressed time. Yeah. Just like if you could get the hy you know, the hydrogen into the cold tub. Right. I mean, he's gonna be, he's gonna be at my, my house tomorrow. So we're gonna try To How much are those little bombs for the bath? The hydrogen bombs? I know they're about to come out with them. I don't know if You can order 'em on the site yet. I think they're probably gonna be, if it's, if it's 30 bucks for 30 of those H two tabs, then I would imagine they're gonna be around five or 10 bucks. Okay. 10 bucks for a hydrogen bomb to drop into the That's great. To the bathtub. I mean the machine is, you know, I was actually originally gonna order this electrolysis system called a cocoon, or it's spelled ca when like the facility out in Las Vegas, which makes oxygen water.


That system's like $110,000. And then a buddy of mine, Tyler LeBaron, who's the PhD in the space, told me about this machine I could order from Korea for $7,500, which is the one that I have now. And now I've added a, a nano bubble machine. And that one's just incredible. I mean, for, for this transdermal inflammation. Mm. And I think for, for people that have like, you know, chronic injuries, especially like chronic repetitive use injuries or they have real severe low back pain, or they've got parents or something that are deconditioned, you know, that, that have a hard time exercising.


You know, these are, these are, you know, great things to, to, to do to lower their inflammatory cascade. Mm. You know that. And there's something called EWA exercise with oxygen therapy, which is kind of based on OT warburg's research where, and I do this with my parents. 'cause both of my parents are deconditioned. My mom has dual knee replacements and my dad is handicapped from a boating accident years ago. He has no cognitive impairment, but he has some motor coordination difficulties. So it's hard for him to really exercise. And I, I, I bought them a sauna and I put them both in a sauna for 20 minutes, three times a week. And they just breathe. I I board a hole and they just breathe through a nasal cannulas. Then 92, 90 3% oh two, which is a version of ewa, they exercise with oxygen therapy or the multi-step oxygen therapy.


Because if you just can raise their heart rate, just, you know, a little bit with the heat, then that extra perfusion pressure really drives oxygen into the tissues. And I'll tell you, it's a noticeable change in them. Just like when you get out of a cold plunge, you got a really good workout. Well watch, imagine, you know, you're elderly and you're deconditioned, you know, you really don't get your heart rate up. You really don't get your good sweat on. But you go into a, a sauna, raise your heart rate and and breathe some of that 92, 90 3% or two. You f they, they feel amazing getting out of there. This is a kind of important thing to talk about because there was a study that was released recently that showed that when people use the cold plunge after workout, you see a decrease in hypertrophy.


Yeah, of course you do. Yeah. This is why it's A terrible study. Right. I was terrible pissed Off to see That I was because people, you told you it doesn't work. All these pussies that don't want to get in that cold water folks, you do the cold before. Yes. This is the way to do it. I know it sucks. Do the cold before you work out or wait several hours after you work out and then you cold plunge. Right. I totally agree. I mean if you think about what you get from cold punching, let's not overblow it or under blow. I mean, but you know, you get, well first of all, if you, if you exercised intensely, let's just say you did a big squat workout and you tore a bunch of quad muscle, what's gonna happen? Inflammation. What's The body gonna do?


Yeah. The body's gonna send more blood flow, more amino acids, more, more oxygen to those muscles. It's gonna pull inflammatory factors like creatinine. You know, the, the breakdown of muscle, the byproduct of muscle breakdown. It's gonna pull that out. So why would you wanna Stop? How do you say that? It's creatinine. Creatinine, Okay. Creatine is right, Right, right. What you take for, I never knew how to say that word though. I've seen it. Yeah. Which, which is actually very Good for creatinine. Yeah. Yeah. So, because I know there was a fighter that was actually pulled from a fight once 'cause he had high creatinine levels. Yeah. That's a kidney issue. Oh, it's actually a, a, a sign of rhabdo myelitis. Right. Training. Yeah. So what happens? That sense? 'cause he was a psycho. Yeah. You start to break down.


So, so creatinine is, is a byproduct of muscle breakdown. It's perfectly normal to have creatinine in the blood, but when it gets very high, so there's usually three markers they look at for kidney health. One is called blood urea nitrogen bun one is called creatinine. This breakdown of muscle byproduct and rhabdo is when your muscles start to break down at a rate that your kidneys can't clear it A lot. A lot of that go too hard when they're not in shape. Like they dig too many CrossFit classes. They get rhabdo. Yes. They get rhabdo. Yeah. Scary. And, and what's interesting is, you know, a lot of, a lot of athletes really conditioned athletes get it too, because they have a tendency to be mentally and a lot stronger than Yeah.


Their Bodies. That's the problem. That mead head mentality that I was talking about that led to me having this tendon issue in my lower back. Yeah. Because I was worried that it was a disc issue. But it's not in the disc because it's like right here on the right h hip area where it's like the stabilizing muscle. Yeah. But you, you, so you think about it, okay, so the, the blood and then there's something called EGFR, which is your kidney filtration rate. Right. Which is your glomerular filtration rate and it's how quickly is the blood moving through your kidneys? 'cause about 15 times every day, the full volume of your blood goes through your kidneys. But if you think about what happens when you get into a cold plunge, so first you get this peripheral vasoconstriction, then you get a, a release of, of something called cold shock proteins.


And if you ever really wanna have some fun, just Google around about cold shock proteins. Look at Lin 28 A and Lin 28 B. These are cold shock proteins that are being actually researched for their impact on insulin sensitivity. Improving insulin sensitivity. And then, you know, you activate a very special type of fat called brown fat, which essentially exchanges a calorie for a measure of heat. So it takes a calorie and turns it into heat. And that's a very good thing if I'm taking calories and turning them into heat, you know, there's a cost to raising your thermostat. And you think if you're in, let's say 50 degree water and you get out of 50 degree water and you're standing in a 70 degree room, how's your body go to 98.6?


Right. How do you actually, not only how do you exceed the, the temperature of the room you're in? Well your metabolism is raised largely because of the activation of brown fat. And there's a cost to that. The cost is calories. So anybody tells you that coal plunging is not good for burning fat, I think is missing the, the breadth of the, of, of the science. And then the final thing you get is you get this spike of dopamine. Yeah. Which lasts hours. Yeah. And that's where you get that like laser focus. I feel fricking amazing. You feel So good, dude. You're never in a bad mood getting out of a cold Punch. Right? That's another thing that if you could give that to people in a pill, they'd be like, oh my God, I found the best antidepressant.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. We've all got our daily rituals. Like in the mornings you might grab some coffee, do some exercise, eat a bowl of cereal, and then head off to work. It's nice having a routine you can go back to again and again. You might even find it comforting. But You know what can bring you even more peace of mind. Simply safe. They have some of the best home security systems out there. And I'm not just saying that the CNET named simply save the best home security system of 2025. Their systems are top notch. I think part of that is because SimpliSafe gets the job done fast. They work to prevent break-ins before they happen. Using AI powered cameras and live professional monitoring agents. They can keep a close eye on your property. And if they detect any suspicious activity, they take action. Whether it's activating spotlights, talking to intruders in real time or contacting the police, simply safe gets it done. It's also nice to know there's no bullshit with these guys. There's no long-term contracts or cancellation fees. SimpliSafe even has a 60 day satisfaction guarantee or your money back. Make SimpliSafe a part of your daily routine. Get 50% off your new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and your first month free at simplisafe.com/rogan. That's simplisafe.com/rogan for 50% off and your first month free. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


This episode is brought to you by my friends at Black Rifle Coffee. That's all I drink folks. If you see me drinking coffee in the studio, it's Black Rifle Coffee. It's 'cause my friend Evan Fer who owns a company I love him to death and they make the best coffee in the world. They put together the best energy drink in America made with 200 milligrams of naturally sourced caffeine, low calories and absolutely zero sugar. It's available in four new delicious flavors. Project Mango, ranger Berry Freedom Punch and White Frost veteran founded and veteran led. Each black rifle coffee purchase you make helps them give back to those who serve our nation. Shop now@blackriflecoffee.com slash Joe Rogan with the code Rogan for 30% off. Or visit your local grocery and convenience stores Black rifle Coffee, America's coffee.


Yeah. Yeah. It's A cold punch. So true. Well one thing is beneficial though. Post-workout is sauna right in beneficial for muscle growth. Yes. Getting hyperthermic. Yes. Yes. And also as a static cardio. Correct. 'cause your heart rate's already elevated. I like to go in literally the moment I put the weights down, I get right into that 196 degrees sauna. That 20th minute's tough though, bro. Ooh. The 25th minute's even tougher. Oh, you go. Yeah. That's the, the last five I used to get to the, the 20 and I'd be like, okay. Finally. And then the fucking general started talking. No. Yeah. Come on pussy. Five more minutes. Come on pussy. Oh no. And the the thing is too, when I'm in the sauna, I'm not just sitting there. I'm hard stretching.


I do deep stretches, which is exhausting too 'cause it's, it's hard to do. You know, I'm holding like deep static stretches. You're Pretty flexible though, right? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's pretty flexible. That's, that's So good, man. But I, that's because I keep it, I mean I'm 57, I keep my flexibility. Yeah, Yeah. Going into Sauna Post, It's like, you know, there's a lot of people as they get older, they, they lose that flexibility. And I think that's another thing that I actually, if I'm criticizing myself, I didn't do enough of before I started fucking my lower back up lower back's pretty solid now though. Hmm. It's not, it still like I irritates me sometimes when I wake up in the morning, but it's nothing that stops me from doing anything. I can still kick the bag, which is, that was the big one. Like, 'cause you're, there's so much torque involved in the waist Oh yeah.


When you're kicking the bag. And I hate not being able to do that. So the fact that I can still get those workouts in is really huge for me. That is the absolute best stress reliever in the history. Oh, kicking bags of Mother Earth. Yeah. Hitting a bag. Put put some 16 ounce gloves on, set a timer and start doing rounds on the bag. Start slow and You know, what Do you we start at like 30 seconds a minute. Take a Minute off. No, I just, three minute rounds. I do minutes, three minutes, minute rounds and then one minute rest. Three minute rounds. One. But, but the first few rounds while I'm warming up, I'm just kind of tapping. I'm like P-P-P-P-P-P, I'm just, I'm not full blasting it. But then around round four when I'm really sweating and then I start to dig in and then when I do, what I do is I have two different timers and one of 'em, I have this ringside timer that will give you these 32nd like dings.


So to give you three minutes, but it gives a different sound that goes off at 30 seconds. And so that's like why, You know, you're halfway through the Minute. No. So you know when to sprint. So you have sprinting times. Ah, and then you have other times where you're just sort of coasting and then the, the number goes off and you sprint. And then I'll also do tabatas. And so tabatas, that protocol is 20 seconds work 10 seconds rest. Hmm. So I do that protocol. My favorite way to do that one is actually on the airdyne. So I have that Oh, That aine too. That is The rogue machine is the best. Oh, it's brutal. It's called the Echo bike. Rogue is like made, they make the, it's such a sturdy fucking rock solid piece of equipment.


You mean You can rogue aine Dig in? Yeah. It's a rogue one though. They call it the echo bike. Yeah. Some of 'em there. Get a, a picture of the Rogue one. It's much sturdier than the other ones that I've seen. Mm. And so I do, And it has Tabata built into the system, so you can just Press, oh dude, that's so Brutal. Yeah. So it's eight, eight reps of this. So 22nd sprint, ten second rest, 22nd sprint, eight sec, ten second rest. You do that for eight. A series of eight. So that's the rogue one. It's real thick and robust. And you go fucking ham on that thing. Oh, it's Called the Echo bike. Yeah. It is for me the best way to increase my cardio. That Tabata protocol. I don't know, some guy named Tabata invented that protocol.


But What is that treadmill? With the weights Right here? Yeah. Oh, the hit treadmill. Yeah. That's great too. Yeah, I ordered one of those. Oh, you walk in with weights? Yes. Oh, So it's like a farmer. Scary. Exactly. But you're going uphill on a treadmill. Fuck yeah. Let's do Fuck. Yeah. Let, let's go. Come on dog. Let's go. It's all about work, you know? Yeah. Getting your body to slowly build up to more and more work. Make sure you're taking mineral salt when you're doing That. Oh, I, I take a lot of shit. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm always What do you take? Well, I use element, you know that element tea? Yeah. Element tea. Yeah. I take that stuff. Sounds good. And I, I put a bar, I'm addicted to that chili mango flavor.


Oh, it's so good. Oh, of element tea. Oh, it's, so, is it spicy? A little bit. Really Just a Touch. Just a touch of spice. I really like it is just fine. So I'll have like a 64 ounce water with four of those poured into it and ice Ah, 64 ounces. Yeah. Yeah. And so that's good. I'm just hammering it. So, but that's made a giant impact in cramps. I don't get cramps anymore. Yeah. A lot of people think that, you know, sodium is, it's funny how many people think sodium is the enemy. There's a really interesting study. Oh, more bullshit. Like the car, like the cholesterol bullshit. Yeah. Like there's so many people. Wait, Oh, your sodium, you're gonna put a high blood pressure, you're gonna die. Yeah. All your cholesterol from your carnivore diet, you're gonna die. I'm like, bitch, come work out with me.


You'll die. Yeah. You'll die bitch come out. I'll kill. Yeah. Just one leg kick. Yeah. No, I mean, with the workout. Yeah. It's fun. I take people through my workout. I love taking people through it because I've done it for so long that it's, it's so hard. But I've built my system up to be able to tolerate it. So when I bring people in, even people that work out, they're like, Jesus Christ. Like this is a lot of shit. Like, yeah. Yeah. How long do you work out? 90 minutes. It's at least 90 minutes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause I, I do what's called, I mean, when I'm not doing endurance training, I do the strong first protocol. So Paval Toline, he developed this kettlebell protocol where, so a lot of people like to work to failure.


I don't work to failure ever, but I do the same amount of reps. So like say if I have a 70 pound kettlebell right. And I'm doing cleans and presses, if I can do, I could probably do 20 reps to failure. So By, you're pulling it just to your chin? No, you're talking about all the way up. So one on keball swing press. Yeah. Down clean press. Yeah. Like if I go to failure, I don't know, I probably could do like 20 reps with 70 pounds, but I don't do 20 reps. I do 10. And then I put it down and then I wait like several minutes and then I'll do my left side. And then I wait several minutes more and then I'll do my right side again. So I am completely rested by the time I do my second set.


Hmm. So I'm getting those 20 reps in, but I'm doing it in two sets rather than in one set. And so then I'll just do multiple sets to get the same amount because was of work In, I, I think I heard him describe this to you. It's, it's the amount of work. Yes. Right. So he's outworked you. Yes. Because he's done more aggress. But you have to have time and you, you will feel like a lazy bitch because you're doing your set, but then your, your heart rate's completely drop down before you do it again. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I take a long time. I watch tv, I'll get on my phone, I fuck off, I sit down and you feel like a lazy bitch. But I'm doing it over two plus hours.


Wow. So when it's all over, I'm getting a lot of reps, but I'm not getting the same breakdown of form. So the way he says it is he, he says that strength is a skill and that you shouldn't be doing skills when you're exhausted. Yeah. Like he, he doesn't believe in like CrossFit and like all these workouts where you're going to like extreme repetitions where you're breaking down your, your body's failing. Right, right. People get injured that way a lot. Yeah. Yeah. They do. And some people don't, you know, but these are elite athletes and you build yourself up to it. And I understand. I'm, I'm not against Prospect. Have you noticed that you've got I I I'm not either. Have you noticed that you've gotten a lot stronger? Oh Yeah. Like, yeah, yeah, Yeah, Yeah.


By doing it this way. Well, this is the thing. Like I don't bench press, but one time we were doing this, this podcast and we were drinking and we were drunk and we all like went to see, I don't even too good. We were drunk. I don't bench press, but I, I bench pressed 2 25 13 times and I don't do it. I don't do it. I was like, let's see. And I was like, yep. But that's no bench pressing. I don't bench press. What do you do for your chest? I do pushups. I do a hundred pushups a day and I do dips. That's it. Yeah. Dips are, dips are Great. Yeah. So I don't like have a big chest. So what else do you do? Do you supplement with, so you take like Every day Creatines amazing every day. I think, you know, especially for women by the way. I think if you're a female and you're 40 years or older, you need to be taken.


I think it's great for your mind too. There's been studies that Show it's great for cognitive function, Cognitive function, and also cognitive function if you're sleep impaired. It's one of the few things that's shown that can completely diminish the effects of sleep deprivation. True. You should most certainly make up for that sleep. Don't get me wrong. I'm not saying you don't need sleep. Just take creatine. You definitely need sleep. We were talking about this the other day. Yeah. I think it's one of the most important things that people neglect. I think so Too. So I, I take creatine every day. I take all the supplements that you recommended to me. TMG methylfolate. Yeah. I take lots of vitamin D, K two. Yeah. All that jazz. Do you take that 10 x optimized?


Do you take the, the multivitamin or do you take 'em separately? I take everything separate. I take, I take take, I use pure encapsulations vitamin packs. Yeah. So they have, those are a pack that has like basically all your shit. And then on top of that I pile on. You know, one thing that I've started taking that I've been taking actually for a while that I, it, I was having a decrease in my eyesight And it was pretty noticeable as a, you know, age related macular degeneration. So I started taking macular support by pure encapsulations. That seems to have had an effect, but really what's had an effect is the red light Bed. I know The red light bed has had a big effect. I told people Stopped, like, you texted me, you're like, like bro, my eyesight is totally improved. Mine too. Stop Deteriorating and start and improved slightly.


Yeah. It's definitely where the point where I could look at my phone. I don't need glasses. 'cause I was using reading glasses all the time when I was looking at my phone. Hmm. And now I don't need 'em at all anymore. Yeah. I would, I would, yeah, definitely red light therapy. I would add what I gave you the other day, those perfect aminos, which is just essentially the nine essential amino acids. You know, we talk about how most people are trying to dose protein so they can get to the amino acid equivalent or they're taking imperfect proteins like, or incomplete proteins like collagen, which, which can't build, which is a great protein, but it won't build muscle because then Protein. But this is an important point too. You were talking about the other day that collagen does not build collagen and there's this, this, Yeah, I mean I think that the idea that we can target direct proteins is, is, is a fallacy.


I, you know, I used the analogy that we don't eat our nails to grow our nails and we don't eat our hair to grow our hair, but we think that we can eat collagen to grow collagen. And that's actually not true. I'm not anti collagen. I'm just saying if you eat collagen or put collagen in your coffee, it doesn't show up as collagen in your skin. My preference would be you take something that is a, has all of the nine essential amino acids. I take one called perfect aminos, but there's other products out there that are all nine essential amino acids you take, Can I pour that into the water with the hydrogen, with the electrolytes in it? A Hundred percent. It's not gonna have any diminished. I think the best morning cocktail is to take a mineral salt, like a Baja gold salt or a Celtic salt, add that to your drinking water.


Drop a hydrogen tablet in there, take a scoop of perfect aminos, put that in there, hydrate mineralize, and, and get the amino acids thing You can I ask you another question about creatine? Is there any decreased benefit in taking creatine gummies versus creatine powder? You know, I, I don't, I haven't looked at the, at the, at the bioavailability. I mean there's, there's two types of creatine, which, you know, monohydrate and HCL monohydrate is where all of the research is. There's a lot more research on creatine monohydrate. But creatine also comes in the HCL, the hydrochloride form. And I, I tell people that if they, if they take creatine monohydrate and they, and they have bloating, which some women do, they'll have a little water retention or some bloating, then just take the creatine HCL.


What about HMG with creatine? No issues. Not at all. Is that a good thing? 'cause I know that a lot of companies, they combine creatine and HMG for some reason. Yes. What is the benefit of that? Combining the two of them together? I, I, so MyFi uptake or cellular uptake. Right. So bioavailability is a lot of these, a lot of things that we, we pair together for bioavailability. Like D three with K two, you Know, so, and magnesium as well, right? Yeah. And magnesium is one of the critical division. I always take that with T three and K two. That's good. You take magnesium with T three and K two. That's perfect. That's a way that wouldn't, you know, we would, Can you take too much magnesium? You can take too much magnesium. It's a little hard. I mean, it's a really essential light metal.


I mean, you have to really over supplement with that. And I take a nighttime, I take this thing called by bio optimizers. It's called magnesium breakthrough, which has seven forms of magnesium in it. I'm, I'm a big fan of that. You can also isolate the magnesiums if you have trouble sleeping. Magnesium three and eight is really good. Magnesium citrate and glycinate are good for intestinal motility. So if you're not somebody that has regular bowel movements, magnesium deficiency is highly linked to poor intestinal motility. Hmm. So if you're not somebody that wakes up within 45 minutes of the day and has a bowel movement, you may wanna look to, you know, magnesium supplementation the night prior and see if that fixes your, your bowel movement.


Also, you know, people that have that ruminate at night who, you know, they lay down to go to sleep in their body tire, but their mind awake. This is generally a rise in, it's something called catecholamines. These, these neurotransmitters in the brain that create awakened state. They're also the same neurotransmitters that create anxiety and trigger our fight or flight response. A lot of times, magnesium methylfolate and a simple B complex will quiet those, those squirrels. Mm. Very interesting. Very, very simple methylated nutrients to actually break down those catecholamines. Because, you know, I talk about this all the time. A lot of people that suffer from anxiety are never really told what it is.


Like, nobody sits them down and tells 'em, what is anxiety? Like? Why do I feel, why do, sometimes I feel like I'm in a heightened state of awareness, and then I move from a heightened state of awareness to being anxious. And then I move from being anxious to full blown anxiety. Like I actually feel the presence of a fear. And then, you know, sometimes that presence of a fear goes into like a rapid heart rate or acute hearing or pupils dilate. And then that goes into a full blown panic attack. And if, if catecholamines continue to rise, you can even have a full blown paranoia. It's, it's this rise in this category of neurotransmitters called catecholamines. So if we identified anxiety as that, and I'm not saying it's always that, but the majority of people have that form where they have metabolism issues because of a gene mutation called Comp T.


And they are wors not warriors. So they lay down and go to sleep at night. Their mind wakes up, they start ruminating their thoughts at night. If they think about anything at night, they'll take it straight to worst case scenario. So every scenario that they, that they ruminate on at night, they take it to worst case scenario. That's Crazy that, that could be nutritionally related. It's absolutely nutritionally related. Because when you, when you talk about what do catecholamines do in the body, there are fight or flight response. So if you, if you walked out of this door right here and somebody was standing in front of you with a knife right in that hallway, your sites kicking their ass, your pupils would dilate, your heart rate would increase, your extremities would flood with blood.


Your hearing would get acute. You would instantly start having a fight or flight response. Well, what happened? Right? I mean, that person didn't do anything to you yet. What happened inside of your body that caused that response? You received a dump of catecholamines. Mm, norepinephrine, epinephrine, feron and dopamine. One of those we call adrenaline. So, so you're in this hyperacute state. So that's, that's like we dump those to an eight full blown fight or flight response. Well, what happens if we dump them to a three? Well, if that happens at night, you are body tired. Put your mind awake. And so you lay there just ruminating. 'cause your mind is in awakened state, even though your body is tired.


And so if you look at the pathways that actually break down catecholamines, how do we down regulate catecholamines complex of B vitamins, A form of a form of B12 called methyl cobain, which you can get anywhere, guys a something called methylfolate. And every once in a while, Sammy Denso methionine, it is astounding what you can do to human beings by putting those raw materials back. Has Anybody ever done a study on people with paranoid schizophrenia to find out if they're lacking in all this? No. No doubt. Paranoid schizophrenias are, are the next level. You know, what's, what's really interesting is I interviewed a Harvard physician on my podcast, and he was treating drug resistant me mental illness with diet, mainly keto diets.


And he found that the beta hydroxybutyrate, which is the ketone body, the main ketone body in in this, and, and basic supplementation, fixing their methylation pathways, meaning supplementing for, for methylation, poor conversion of certain chemicals, led to more better behavioral changes than they were having in the drug resistant mental illness group. And it's, it's really fascinating because we don't like to think that nutrient deficiencies could lead to serious mental illness. Could, could you just google methylation chart?


Can I just show you a chart of methylation? The reason why I wanna put it up here is because, and just click on any one of 'em. Once you, once you put it up there, it's gonna look like this complicated myriad. Just click on that one. So this is something I've committed to memory, but the reason why I show a lot of people this chart is for what's not on here. So this is what we call methylation, okay? This is, this is the process that's going on 300 billion times a day inside of all of your cells. And you'll see trytophan and tyrosine and phenyl alanine and conoid acid and actic acid, cholesterol. You see all of this stuff on this chart. The reason why I show people this chart is because this is going on 300 billion times a day inside of your body every minute and every hour of every day.


And what you do not see on this chart is a single synthetic, a single chemical, or a single pharmaceutical. So why is it that we think synthetics, pharmaceuticals and chemicals could be the answer to deficiencies in this chart? They're not. So what happens if I just start wandering around this chart and I find something like serotonin and I go, wow, let me just, let me just, serotonin is the main driver of mood. I wonder how serotonin is made. Oh, I actually, in fact, there's serotonin right there. What is it made from? Just follow that arrow up. Oh, it's made from tryptophan.


And what do I need in order to convert tryptophan to serotonin? I need five HTP, I need thiamine. I need a complex of B vitamins. Could it be possible that a complex of B vitamins is stopping me from converting tryptophan into serotonin? Yes. And what happens if I can't convert tryptophan into serotonin? Serotonin drops. And if serotonin drops, I cannot assemble moods that require serotonin. So now I've been told I have a mood disorder and I have a nutrient deficiency. Wow, look at this. Anxiety. A, D, D, A, D, H, D. See that on there? Okay. What el what do we, we make dopamine from phenyl. Alanine and tyrosine. What if I had a deficiency in phenyl alanine or tyrosine?


Oh, I couldn't make it the neurotransmitter. Dopamine. What is dopamine? Dopamine is the main driver of behavior. Well, what happens if dopamine is low? Now I have an addiction. Why? Because the absence of dopamine is the presence of addiction. So could I have addictive behavior because I'm low in dopamine and not actually just addicted to nicotine, alcohol, drugs, promiscuity gambling. Absolutely. And why is it that most def most addictions have a tendency to shift and never really go away? If you've ever really been an addict or ever known a true addict, why is it that their addiction has a tendency to shift and not go away? Yeah. Like some of 'em find a healthy thing to get addicted to. Like running. Yeah. There'll be a So alcoholics become workaholics, right?


Workaholics become workaholics, right? I mean, when I used to compete amateur in, in, in, in, in long distance, triathlons, most of the guys that I raced with were recovering addicts Of some kind. Some of the scariest guys I've ever trained with were former drug addicts. 'cause they're, this is their new, They're fucking driven. Yes. Like in a weird, kind of crazy way. Why are they driven so hard? Well, some of 'em actually almost died and they realize, well Died. But, you know, I've been to death door and come back like a Different, the absence of dopamine is the presence of addiction. And we never treat the dopamine deficiency. We only treat the physical addiction. So we get you off of alcohol and now you're on, you know, suboxone and you get you off Suboxone, and now you're gambling, you're off of gambling and you smoking cigarettes and you've done smoking cigarettes.


You're, you know, smoking. So a A lot of Alcoholics Anonymous people are smoking cigarettes and drinking coffee constantly. Now Why is that? Because they're, they're chasing the dopamine deficiency. Rarely, if ever did a true out, you know, addict wake up one day and just say, I wanna get really banged up. The majority of addicts woke up one day and said, I wanna feel normal. Mm. And it was the search for normalcy that developed the addiction. They smoked a cigarette, they felt normal. They took a drink and they could socialize. They were promiscuous and they kind of felt normal. They jumped off a fucking mountain in a squirrel suit. And the rush dopamine actually brought their dopamine level to normal. They actually felt calm 15 inches away from death.


Oh. And so the deficiency in dopamine very often drives this. And we label these people with mental illnesses. We label them with mood disorders. But serotonin is a part of the recipe of mood. So if you said to me, what is a mood? What is an emotional state? I would say it's a collection of neurotransmitters bound to oxygen. So let's say that, that you said, okay, what's happiness? Okay? There's so much serotonin, so much dopamine, so much norepinephrine, so much epinephrine. Boom. You put these together, you have the emotion, happiness. Well, what if I just took serotonin out, right? Like, what if I went to a bakery chef and said, Hey chef, you can bake whatever you want.


You just can't use butter. And so I took butter out And it doesn't sound like a big deal. It's only one, one component. But think of how many recipes that would affect cookies, pastries, pies, brownies. Well, the moods are no different. I say, Joe, you can be in whatever mood you want. You just can't use serotonin. So now any mood that you go to assemble that requires serotonin, you can't manufacture. So now you have a mood disorder. Instead of taking a step back and saying, well, why doesn't he have serotonin? Where's serotonin made? Well, serotonin's made in the gut. 90% of it's right here. So if you don't have it here, you can't have it here. And, and so then why don't we go to the factory in the gut that makes serotonin?


Where is the factory that turns trip the fan into the neurotransmitter serotonin? Well, it's in, it's in the gut. What has that done through a process called methylation? Do you mean if I'm deficient in certain vitamins or nutrients that methylation cycle is not working? And am I not produce serotonin and therefore I might have a mood disorder? Yes. Am I saying that all mood disorders come from that? No, but there are so many things that come from this methylation cycle that are so potentially easy to fix with basic supplementation. You know, for two years, for two years in, in our initial clinic, my wife and I, in our doctor, we, we, we pulled blood work, I think it was about 1600 patients or so that came through our clinic.


We pulled blood work and we pulled these basic biomarkers, CB, CCMP, lipid panel, hormone panel and nutrient deficiencies. And then we also pulled this methylation test, right? Looking at five genes of methylation and, and, and, and you can get these methylation tests done anywhere. And we looked at these five genes and then what we would do is we would solve with supplementation for the genetic deficiency and watch what happened to the blood biomarkers. You would see kidney filtration rates improve. You would see waste elimination, like people become more regular. You would see, see reactive protein, these, these non-specific markers of inflammation drop. You would certainly see things like homocysteine drop.


People have that very, very high levels of homocysteine. You supplement them with the right nutrients, a b complex, something called trimethylglycine. And they start to break down homocysteine. And then all of a sudden they're reporting that their blood pressure is returning to normal and have less frequent headaches. It is astounding to me how many people are just nutrient deficient and don't accept that basic supplementation or, oh, we can get everything from diet bullshit. If you look at a soil lineage study from 1945 and a soil lineage study right now, you would be astounded to see how depleted our food supply is or, or our soil is. Hmm. Add processed food and all this other stuff to it. You don't stand a chance. You need, you need basic supplementation.


All human beings need the same things. We need two essential fatty acids. Essential means they're essential for life. You need nine essential amino acids. So You can supplement with the nine essential amino acids in the morning. You can supplement with the two essential fatty acids. So Omega-3 fatty acids like black seeded oil or good mega fish oil. You can supplement with the minerals. So many of us are mineral deficient and we don't realize the expression of mineral deficiency. Now what is the best kind of minerals to take? Is it like chelated minerals? Is it Al minerals? I take one called Baja Gold sea salt. It's probably one of my other favorite biohacks because of a bag of Baja gold sea salt, like a Celtic salt will have all these trace minerals in it.


A $15 bag will last you five years. It's dirt cheap. And you can take a quarter to a half teaspoon of this, put it in in your drinking water. I'll throw with, throw a hydrogen tablet in there and some amino acids. Take that with a methylated multivitamin and take that with an Omega-3 fatty acid. And you have all the basis covered first thing in the morning. Mm. And if you have, You don't have to take that with the vitamins. With food, I would take the vitamin D three with food. I would actually take all of that when I would take the, the amino acids and the, the hydrogen and the, and the sea salt on an empty stomach is fine. Whenever you're gonna take your multivitamin and, and your D three, which is fat soluble, I would take those with food.


So first thing in the morning, you just hydrate it and mineralize the body just with a basic sea salt, just hydrate and mineral. And there's a lot of good mineral In the amino acids. You take on empty stomach Amino acids, you take on an empty stomach and, and, and those amino acids, those perfect amino acids won't, won't break a fast. They have, they're non caloric or they have I think one calorie, but they, they won't break a fast. And now you have all nine of the essential amino acids. You've got the majority of, of the essential minerals you've hydrated yourself and you put hydrogen gas into your, to your blood, you will feel the difference. Right. You, you, you, you'll just feel Clean. And it's a simple thing to do. And It's such a simple thing to do.


And it get so much flack for telling people to do that. I'm like, it's just these, this is just getting us Back to Stop breath. The basic I dude, it's crazy. It's just, just too people crazy. Yeah. I'm gonna have to start shutting it all off. Yeah, You have to. It's, it make, it'll make your life a lot better. You know what you're doing. Yeah, yeah. Thank you. And, and people are listening And it and It's working, You know, and there's just too many people out there that are crying for attention. And one of the ways they get attention is by attacking people who are getting positive attention. Yeah. Yeah. Kinda. That's a shame. Fuck those people, fuck those people. Anything else we should talk about before we wrap this up? I think it, I think we covered a lot. We've coming it all bit review this and go back and forth. I, I love coming out here and chopping it up with you, man.


I love having you. I'll See you at the fights tomorrow too. Yes sir. I'm excited. Yeah. Tomorrow's the weigh-ins and then Saturday night's the fights I'm pumped.


And by the way, dude, Joe Rogan on, on the Ultimate Human Podcast. Rear Sight. Yes I did. Sight did as well. Yes. Thank you. That was Cool. 'cause we went down, we went down some rabbit holes, man, we went down, was Fun with The pyramids and Yeah, we talked about a lot of cool shit. Yeah, a lot of cool shit on There. Yes. Well thank you Gary. Thank you very much for everything. I really appreciate you tell everybody your website, how they can get a hold of you. Sure. You can go to the Ultimate Human dot com. I have a vi IP community there where all I do is just teach. I try to educate to inspire so that people will make a change. So you can join my VIP community there. I'll give you a, a discount on joining the VIP community. I'll send you a free box of H two tabs for joining up the Ultimate Human dot com. The podcast is the Ultimate Human. And then just my name Gary cca. Alright, Gary, you're the man. Thank you brother. Appreciate you. You're welcome. Alright. Bye everybody. Boom.