
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Let's go. How you fella? Good to see you. Wow, dude. You're fucking dripping with diamonds, sir. What's going on? The roads been good to you. Look At you. I'm just so empty. Inside this fill, this fills the hole for like, like, it's like, you know, you go by like, oh, and then you get home, you go, I hate my life. I hate my insides and no spirituality, but I get to look at my just emptiness on, you know, Dripping with wrapper diamonds. I've ran outta, I've ran outta shit to buy.


So like, there's nothing, what kind Of car are you driving? Lexus IS three 50. Oh, Those are fun. It's nice. That's a good Car. Bulletproof. Never, never gonna break. Yeah. And it's so fast And it's, you know, it's, but this is how fucked it, okay, so the two, okay, I had the Lexus three 50, right, right. Or whatever. I went and I had it for seven months maybe. I went in to get it serviced and I was kind of depressed. So I bought a different car. I said, I go, lemme, this is not, this is fucked up. So I bought the IS three 50. I had the other car for seven fucking months. I go, You know what?


That one looks cool. So I bought that, and then I went in to get it, that service. And it was the exact same car a year later. But I like the newer color, the newer gray. Oh, that gray, that whatever. Weird gray, like a Slate gray. Yeah. It's like, it looks good. I said, You know what? Fuck. Gimme this car. So I trade. See, He keeps swapping them out. Yeah. They must love you. Yeah. They fuck, I'm such a mooch on one, one year, on my wife's birthday, I bought myself a new car on her birthday. I wanna be on her birthday. Happy birthday. We could drive around in this. Oh My God. I mean, that probably played off well.


Oh Fuck. I buy her cars. I just make, so, you know, So never By dad, I get bored. Easy. I get bored. Easy. Yeah. And it's 'cause of, you know, in life, in life, I really like, I see some of my friends doing arenas, doing this, doing that. But I have enough. I really have enough, but it's not enough. Do You know what I'm saying? Does that make sense? Yeah. I, I, one, I think for my career, not for my personal life, my personal life, I got three fucking great daughters, three grandkids.


Another one on the way. My seven year old's gonna go to college, has pick of all kinds of schools, you know, good schools. I fucking, in 11th grade, I raised my hand to go to the bathroom. And I never came back. I just walked out like, I'm a fucking idiot. You know? My past and my kids all grew up. Okay. The old one married a black guy, but he's light-skinned. But anyhow, the prettiest baby on the planet. So I have enough. But when it comes to career as a comic, And you know, there's one more fucking thing. Just one more thing.


You know what I'm saying? I do know what you're saying. I don't know. I know what it is. You know, I've had specials, not Netflix, but it's always the, it's like I'm always doing the other club. Right. You know what I'm, I see what saying. I see what you're saying. I'm always, and I'm very blessed. And I, and I love what I've achieved in this business, but it seems like it's always like, okay, I got a special on Amazon now, but it's not, it wasn't, Amazon didn't buy it. We placed it on a, You know what I'm saying? So it's always, there's always one little thing when every pilot my wife and I have had together I've had gets this close to getting picked up.


You know? Mm. I've heard some of 'em. The nos I've heard, they almost sounded like yeses. They were such good nos. I walked out and go, that was the best. No. Today, that fucking no. Almost felt like a yes. So, in this business, do You think you put something in your mind to make all these things kind of fall short? Have you ever thought of that? Yeah. Well, that's what my wife says. Yeah. Do ever you ever thought that like maybe the way you interface with the world is like, your expectations are tempered, like in a way where you almost want to fail because it's more comforting that it happened again, rather than this new thing of success, which is gonna force you to really focus and work harder to get more success.


And it's a lot of pressure. And then you think about all the times you fucked up before and you don't want to hear, you don't want to hear no again. You don't want to hear it, but you feel like it's coming and you almost make it come. Well, I get that. In life. Growing up from my childhood through drug addiction, I became comfortable being uncomfortable. That was my life, Right? Comf comfortable being in the skid Being Yeah. This was what I was used to. Yeah. In this business, I don't, I don't really ever set myself up for failure. I mean, I produce, I come up with albums.


I un state, I'm always coming up with new material. And I got seven albums. I'll probably make an eighth album, which is a pretty, it's a lot for a career, I would imagine. Sure. Yeah. It's great. I don't go into clubs and drink. I don't hit on waitresses, you know? So I don't know. But my wife says the exact same thing you're saying. My wife said to me once, she said, 'cause I had this power of thinking, like, when I think really hard, it comes to me shit. Right? And my wife goes, if you think you deserve a million dollars, this was, you'll get a million dollars.


And I said, God gives you what you need, not what you want. And then she said, do you think Chelsea Handler needed a TV show? So she kind of like debunked my whole need, you know? And one thing, I, If you believe in some kind of p power greater than you or spiritual, I'm not religious by any fucking, but I, shit comes to me. I don't think I fucking screw things up. I don't screw things up. Like, you know, in meetings or when we do pilots or whatever.


I, I do what I'm supposed to do. So I don't know. I mean, in comedy, yeah. For years I might have been a little aggressive on stage or you know, a little whatever, you know, I think everything now, well, especially now with clubs or whatever, it's all numbers. They don't give a fuck. If you like the wait staff on fire, if you sold out the room, they, oh, great. You were fabulous. You know, I was, I was working catch years ago, I was at Catch and Bill Hicks. Okay, so David Brenner's on stage, and this is, they love David Brenner. He's killing, killing is during the peak of David Brenner.


He gets off bill walk. Bill Hicks goes up and he says, growing up as a kid, I would see Robert Klein and David Brenner. And I figure if they could do it, I could do it. That was his opening show. So now he's doing his bit about Nancy Reagan, skinny whatever, and ner the auntie. I mean, people are running out the door. They're running out the door. And then he gets off stage and he, he says to me, he goes, what went wrong? But, but I swear to God, he goes, what was wrong? Was he serious? Yes. I wasn't joking around. No, he was. He, he was.


This episode is brought to you by Squarespace. Have you ever been shopping online? And the website just gave you the ick, let me tell you, that wouldn't happen if they used Squarespace. Squarespace Design Intelligence empowers anyone to build beautiful, more personalized websites tailored to your unique needs. And with Squarespace payments, it's super easy to manage payments with just a few clicks. Plus, with Squarespace's integrated and optimized SEO tools, there's all the help you need to get people to your site. Head to Squarespace dot com slash Emma for a free trial and use code, Emma to save 10% on your first purchase.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. Summer is almost here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered Catamaran. That's a no lemon meringue. That's a yes. A day in the sun. No, a bottle of rum. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely help you out with that. Get almost anything delivered with Uber Eats Uber Order now for alcohol. You must be legal drinking age. Please enjoy responsibly product availability varies by Region C App for details.


Whatever he was building, I don't know. It's hard to tell with him. Yeah. But anyhow, the, the manager Booker now, after the, said to him, you can come and do a spot here anytime you want. Because he was Bill Hicks. Yeah. Do you see what I'm saying? He was Bill Hicks. You know, I worked with him in Texas when I first started, and I'm watching him, you know, and we'll get back on track. I'm sorry to Gopuff on these things, but Don't go wherever You wanna go. So we're working in Texas. He, he just breaks up, his girlfriend breaks up with him at the time. That's a true story. So he goes, where can you get a hooker, a prostitute and a cab driver?


I like how You had to clarify. Yeah, I know. That's, you know, there's a lot of these young kids now that listen, okay. Hookers a prostitute. Okay. So, so a cab driver takes him to one house. 'cause they would take you to the, and, and I go with him, he goes, take a ride. So then we go to one house, she knocks on the door and she opens the door and goes, you're a cop. And slammed the door on him, slammed the door. He was young, slammed the door on his face. He looks like A cop. Then he went, but he also, the next place, the cab driver took him, she opened the door and goes, you're too young.


And slammed the door on him. Oh my God. The next night he did 10 minutes or whatever on how he can't, can't pick up a prostitute in Lubbock, Texas. And it went, I go, I'll never be this funny as long as I fucking live. Like I've watched people going. Amazing. You know, And it, then I was running, then with Bastille. That's when I was running with Bas, Frankie Bastille. Yeah. He, so he, I'll tell you story. He's a wild fellow. I think I told you this story. I've told this story and it's been told, but I don't know if I told it last time years ago when I did this. And then I'll get back to, I'm, I'm not self-sabotaging.


That's what you were getting to in my head. Am I self-sabotaging? No. Not, not self-sabotaging. I don't think it's a self-sabotage thing. It's a not understanding the energy that you're putting out there and being accustomed to a certain result. Okay. If you're accustomed to missing, you're playing pool, you're accustomed to missing the nine ball, you're gonna miss, you're gonna miss that fucking nine ball every time. Well, it happens In golf too. Yeah. I'm sure it happens. Golf, same thing. You gotta reset the way you think about things. And if there's something that's eating away at you that bothers you, that occupies your thoughts, you have to figure out what that is and clean that up. Because that's, that's a big part of the problem with a lot of people.


A lot of the problem with a lot of people is maybe they don't like something about themselves. They don't like what they've done. They don't like, you know, choices they've made. And that's in your head all the time. You know, like you, you're, you know, you the lack of clarity, the lack of peace is in your head all the time. Well, And you know, it's not easy. This is not an easy thing. I'm saying I'm not, I'm not saying this is like, okay, here's the real formula. Just go out, follow these three steps and you're gonna be rich and famous. No, it's not that. It's just that success generally happens when you've got as many pieces as possible in order correctly. And failure generally happens when you're overwhelmed by too many things that are not working right.


And you've, your, your, your attention and your focus is on them. You're divided. You know, a lot of times you see it's like a terrible relationship. I know I've known a lot of really talented people that sabotage themselves with a terrible relationship. And they think somehow or another that this is just how relationships are and this, and they're terrible in that relationship. Like, and then they can never be who they could be. They can never reach their full potential. 'cause they're always burdened down by these fucking squabbles they're having with their girlfriend or their boyfriend. You know, it's, well, That's also too a god thing where you think I could fix this person or I could sure change him.


No one can Change him. That's Brian Callen. He would, I would, Brian Callen his whole life, I, I would tell him, get out now. I would, I would meet his girlfriend. I'd be like, get out now. I met a girl, one girl that he dated. I literally, within five seconds of saying hello to her, I go, come here. I pulled the massage cut to okay. He doesn't listen, you know, later that night, like, she's drinking wine. She's fucking hammered. It's a disaster. Like, she winds up living with him, eventually figures it out, gets rid of her. A couple years later he's walking down the street on Sunset and she's street walking. No. Yes. Girl he was living with at one point in time. This is Brian Callen. He's, he, like, he felt abandoned when he was young. And so he, I, I believe I'm speaking for him.


And so he's try, he's a sweet guy and he's tries to reach out and fix people. Well, Well here's my Brian Callen story. It's very funny. I was midling for him at Caroline's, which will never happen again. 'cause Caroline's is close. I'm middling for him. So I get off stage and I'm single at this fucking smoking hot girl comes up to me and she goes, come on, let's leave right now. I go, ah, I gotta sell my DVDs or CD CDs. I have to sell my DVDs or CDs after the show.


I'm sitting there selling CDs and I see Brian walk out with her right past me up the stairs. Fucked up. I fucked up. But maybe I didn't. Who knows? Well, You definitely didn't 'cause Bonnie's awesome. No, I wasn't. It worked out for you in the long run. But it's, yeah, you definitely should have left With her. No, I shouldn't enough. Because that's why that in life is where I was supposed to be at that time when I was there. Oh, okay. I see what you're saying. You know what I mean? No, you're correct. Anything could Happen. And also, what if it, what if she's a nightmare and then you miss out on whatever, 400, 500 bucks you would've made selling DVDs? Oh, I didn't make that much. I never thought a hundred, a hundred.


Even a hundred. You know, now you going to a nice restaurant needing Yeah. You know, who knows? Who knows. You know, it's this whole negative thing with my, and this isn't ego by any stretch. When I say stuff like this and I've, and my wife's, I, I know I've earned respect for my peers. I know it. 'cause I've done it. You definitely have from, from white to black comics, black comics that most white comics don't even know. You know what I mean? You know? Well, you Did a lot of Those rooms back in the day. I did all, yeah. I ended all those TV shows. I did 'em all.


Yep. You know, please, I started black comedy, so, okay. You can only hold a white man down so long. So, and, and like I think in life I'm more about respect than accomplishment. Do you see what I'm saying? Right. So you you more about the respect from your peers. Not only my peers, the industry too, though. The industry doesn't know. Like, say some club owner, let's say a club owner, they're not sitting in the room watching your shows. All they care about are the fucking numbers that come in there. They don't, I had a club owner once I said to him, and you're lucky you're way outta that, but I'm still, I'm in that.


So I said to her club owner once she goes, I said, look, I'm as funny as I've ever been right now in life. He goes, that doesn't fucking matter. What does that matter? And it's all a quick fix, you Know? Right. They just wanna sell tickets. Sell tickets. And I get it. They gotta keep the doors open. But, but That's the weird marriage between the club owner and the comic. You know? Yeah. I used to tell comics, you know, we're not every comic feels like they're battling it with club owners. Like the club owner's never given them enough money. The club owner's fucking 'em over. Lied about it being sold out. It was definitely sold out. I want my bonus. That kinda shit. Yeah. You don't want to be a club owner. You don't, you don't. I mean, I, I, I give that advice then I became one.


Yeah. But just by necessity. But I was like, you, this is an important relationship. Like, you gotta be nice to them. And so they respect you. Yeah. And you should, because everybody in the beginning, you feel like you're ignored by them. But that, it's a weird thing because they're just in the business of comedy. Unless you get like, like Brian Dorfman and Zanies, he really loves comedy. You know, there's a Wendy from, from Comedy Works in Denver. I'll try my Wendy story in a few, sorry. I love one better be a good story. It you'll like it. Okay. But my point is, it's like, Well, Corey and Rhode Island's one of the best fucking nicest guys on the planet. Rhode Islands. What's that One? Comedy connection? Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes.


Mark, mark. Mark and Rochester. Yeah. To me, Dean James and governors. The comedy connection in Rhode Island's weird. 'cause you're in a bank. It's, I know. It's so strange. Turn they Turn a bank Into a comedy club. That's how bad the market's doing. Well, that was in the Eighties. They did that. That was when I Was a kid. It's such a, he fixed the whole thing up. Yeah, it's great. The whole camera system. It's A great club. It was always a great club. Plus there's not a lot in Rhode Island. So when you go there, people are so happy to see you. It's, yeah. Yeah. It's, I, my, and I'm not bad mouthing her, Wendy, I don't know her like this. Okay. So I worked a club twice. And the second time I worked there was Halloween weekend.


I mean, there was a guy in the audience in blackface, whatever, you know, so, really? Yeah. This was, I don't know, 10, 15 years ago. I Don't, 10, 15 years ago. You were 10, 10 Years ago. But wait a second. So she, she wasn't even there the week. Okay. She tells my manager I did a lot of crowd work. Whatever. Yeah. Well, so anyhow, this is, so I'm working at Syracuse, funny Bone. And my middle, very funny guy. I think he passed away. He was an older guy, really great Joe Grade. He's from Denver. He goes, oh, I do a podcast, Wendy. And he sees that I'm closing. And I, he goes, I'll talk to her.


So I email Wendy and I go, Hey, listen, why don't we start from scratch? Let bygones be bygones. Start over, whatever. I, you know, I'd love to come back in and, and she doesn't get back to me. So I write, by your lack of response, it looks like you wanna move forward. Here are some available dates. Right. And she doesn't get back to me again. Shocker. And I write, can I bring my own middle? What do I care what? Right. It's over. It is funny. I'm trying to be funny. So She was just upset that you did crowd work. That's it. No. Well, she was, the numbers were low. Probably it was Halloween weekend.


Right. But I, listen, I work enough and, And you know, I'm saying I'm not badmouthing any of these people. 'cause you badmouth, you're the one who looks bad. I'm not badmouthing them. She's got a business to run whatever she's gotta do, just like any of 'em. Right. They have a business to run. If this is who they're gonna bring in to keep their doors open, I'll always find fucking work. I don't care. You know what I'm saying? Yes. So, and industry wise, I mean, now it's a whole, look, my wife is killing it. 'cause she's a writer and a comic And you know, she's writing movies. She's punching up movies. She wrote for the Golden Globes. You know, she has different outlets. Do you want a cigar?


No, no. That's cool.


Ask yourself this. Who has access to your medical history? In theory, it's just you and your doctor. But in reality, hundreds of shady companies called data brokers are keeping tabs on every symptom you Google. Every treatment you research and every preexisting condition they think you might have. That's valuable intel for advertisers and insurance companies who will take any excuse to raise your premiums. But there's a way to get your privacy back. And that is with Express VPN. With express VPN 100% of your online activity is rerouted through secure encrypted servers. This makes it impossible for third parties to invade your privacy express. VPN also hides your IP address, which is the number used to identify you on the internet without your IP address Data. Brokers can't use it to track and sell your activity. Plus express VPN is easy to use. It just takes one click And it works on all your devices, phones, tablets, desktops, even TVs, and on up to eight devices at the same time. This is why Express VPN is the number one rated VPN by the experts at CNET and the Verge. And the best part, podcast listeners can get four extra months of express VPN for free at ExpressVPN dot com slash rogan. Or by tapping the banner. And if you're watching on YouTube, you can get your four free months by scanning the QR code on screen or by clicking the link in the description.


God, when I quit cigarettes, I quit cigars because Good for you. I was scared I was gonna start smoking it. You probably would. I probably would. Yeah. 'cause it would lead, you know. Yeah. You're Puffing on tobacco. Yeah. You gonna wanna inhale it. That's why, you know, I can't even put a dick in my mouth 'cause I'm scared. I understand. You know that. So, you know, she has different outlets as a standup. I'm just a standup. I'm a club comic. I love, you know, I do theaters, I do whatever. But I love doing, I really like doing clubs. So it sounds like you're doing exactly what you wanna do. Yes. I'm doing so What the fuck's the problem? I don't think there is a problem, but it's, I said just one more thing to put it over the top. Do You know what I mean?


One more. You're never totally satisfied. Rich Vos. Well, that's a good point. Yes. I'm a I'm a addict. Yeah. You know, so maybe that's it. Look, here's, here's my fucking, here's how fucked up I am. How Fucked up Are you? I'm gonna tell you right now. So As you glitter Here's, and this is not in, in the morning, I drink my coffee, I sit at the table, Sounds like me. And I put a bird feeder and I watched the birds feed and it's very relaxing. Yeah. Watching them all come and feed. It's very, very relaxing. Right. Okay. Now I have seven bird feeders around my property. 'cause I figured Well, and this'll be seven times more relaxing, Watching birds.


No, they got bird chaos. No, but they're all over. I, I mean, I got ones that I, with a video camera, I could see who's coming to squirrel. I don't care if the squirrel eats the, you know, but it's my addictive personality. Right. Where You always want more, A little more. Yeah. Just a little more, little more different color. Same car. Really? Yeah. Come One more ring. One more ring. More tattoo. I took, I took two off. You know, so it's, and I, I work on myself. I go to meetings two, three a week. You know, I, I still after all these years. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Do you still feel the pull after all these years? No, I haven't got gambling to fall back on.


I What are you gambling on? What Am I gambling on? Yeah. Well, I mean, once in a while I'll play on my phone at night slots. Oh boy. Yeah. I did real well. You made money One. Yeah. Less. Yeah. I, I gotta say slot slots on your phone sounds like the dumbest fucking idea because there is no way, it's not fixed. At least a slot machine. No. Is random. Well, Slots in the casinos the biggest sucker bet on the planet. The biggest sucker bet. I'll play craps. If I'm gonna play, if I'm gonna gamble on a casino, I'm gonna play craps like a man. You Know what drives me fucking crazy When I hear that someone hits the slots and then they won't give out, they won't give the money.


'cause there's, oh, there was an error with a machine. That's bullshit. I've heard that many times. Like, fuck your error. This, this is, give that guy his money. This is what I won last year on slots. Lemme say this. Really? Yeah. Really? Yeah. I lucky. Let's do that. Two jackpots. Wow. But now I keep playing thinking I'll get more, dude, I think I'll hit the big one. Yeah, well that's how they get you. Yeah. I mean, okay. I have a friend who is very wealthy and is a fucking degenerate gamble. Dana White from the C Oh yeah. Oh, I see. The videos Degenerate. He's a nut. Because I was just reading an article about Hunter Campbell, who's the financial officer, was like, trying to talk to him.


Just saying, you're like, you're killing me. Like, why are you doing this? He loves it, loves That. It's, there's, there's shit that goes off in your head. Even, even when you lose, you're like, I, I mean I, It makes you feel like you're alive. Something's happening. I was in Vegas. Vegas and I walked to the table with 300 bucks. Crap table. And it's me and the whole table is, I mean, I held the dice for almost an hour. 300. I turned into 5,000. The table's going nuts. I'm, I'm winning everybody formula and diapers at the table.


They're fucking yelling cat with a hat. And if it's just such a, you know, and then for the rest of the week, I didn't gamble again because I go, I can't follow that. I'm not gonna be able to do that again. So it's not like I'm obsessed with it numbers. I am kind of, but you know, I've been to casinos and worked for three, four days and not even played. But what? But when I do, it's like, like me, my wife and I were in Canada and we went to a casino. I go, well, let me go back to the hotel and put some, put my credit card some money there. And she goes, you can't go into a casino with all your money and credit cards.


I go, How does she ask that question? She knows you. Yeah, I know. She should know. You can't. She's fucking with you. Yeah. Well, she, she knows you can't. Yeah. But She does. She should say Good for you. Yeah. That's a good point. Yeah. She should say, good for you. That's smart. But she didn't know me when I was an addict. Oh. She never saw me when I was out there. Yeah. But I, well, I guess I did. I knew you when you were an addict, but Yeah, but I you but you cleaned up nice. You really did. You figured it out Well. You really did. So, like she should, she should know that. Yeah. Not to go to the casino. Casino with a little bit more supportive. That's what I'm trying to say. How About that Bonnie? You know What, that's what I'm trying to say. I mean, we're now, You guys are one of the funniest couples of all time though.


Thank you. There's, there's like a few, like Christina PKI and Tom Segura. Natasha Leggiero. Oh yeah. Moia cashier. There's a few, like, you know, people say like, comic shouldn't date comics. Well Who else? I don't know about that. 'cause sometimes it fucking works really well. What am I gonna do? Come home to a dentist, you know? And it, for me, you know, we, you know, we really come together when we find the same enemy and the same person we could trash. Yeah. You know, or we talk comedy. We make each other laugh. Yeah. We fight and have all the fucking, you know, we're of course married couple And your comics. Yeah. And we're kind. So to be So you're talking shit. Well, to Be, to be a male comic, you gotta be fucked up to be a female comic.


That's a whole nother level of fucking up. Because, you know, they go on a road, they gotta worry about everything. They gotta worry about Fans. Yeah. They gotta worry about fans attacking Them where they're staying. Right, right, right. What it's like, it's tough getting Stalked. Oh yeah. It's Horrible. And thank you for saying we're funny. Yeah. We we're together. You guys are very funny. It's like, you know, I always use it as an example. 'cause comics will say all the time, don't date comics. Whoa. And I'm like, ah, I don't know about that. I don't know about that. Because like, why not? I don't think you should never date, blah. Although I stopped dating Italians when I was 21. Oh yeah. Yeah. It's just like the last one swung at me. I was like, I'm done.


Well, I only date her while She was swinging. I was like, I can't believe she's swinging at me. That's hilarious. Like, while this was happening, her arm was pulling back. It was coming towards my face. Like, I can't fucking believe this is happening. Well, I only date Irish. Like I can't afford a Jew broad. So I went, I went fucking Irish. I, I'd rather go to fucking Marshalls than Barneys, you know? Well, Also, like, you probably, well, the thing about Jewish women, the, the stereotype is that they're very controlling. Yes. They're, you know, it's like a how the mom is, you know, it's like you take that role of like the mom of the house, then your wife becomes your mom. That's the stereotype. Yeah.


I'm not saying it's always that way. Very, A little naggy. A little naggy, you know. Yeah. And I mean, look, fucking Bonnie grew up on a farm killing chickens, you know? Perfect. She's fucking, I she's Good for the, like, when the revelation comes, And not only that I have running water. You know, they had a fucking, they slept on the floor. She grew up like I did. Poor, poor. And we started dating. I mean, I was already in the business for I don't know how many years. I, it's like they say don't date comics. Yeah. Well, if you're a new comic and they're a new comic, it's gonna be competition the whole time. Yeah. It's gonna be jealousy. But I was already established.


And she was established. Yeah. But It, it doesn't have to be. It doesn't have to be. It could be, but it doesn't like these, these like hard fast rules. They don't work. It all completely depends on the individual. I mean, how different are comics? Like how different are you to Shane Gillis? How different am I to vere? Like, we're all different, even though we're all real good friends. We're all, there's no hard rules. No. I luckily came up with the, one of the strongest crews in New York. Oh, you came up with Anma. Amazing crew. You know, from Fucking Patrice, Patrice Norton, Billy Bobby Colin, you know Kev.


Yeah. Little, you know, Kevin Hart. It Was an amazing crew. You know, our crew And you know, then Bonnie h Bro, I knew you back when you had Jerry Curls. You knew me when I was doing Robin Gibbons bits. You knew That's Right. It was the Eighties. You don't, you don't remember. You might remember we were working a one nighter in Seaside, New Jersey. It was my ex-wife. And me and her took a walk to the boardwalk. We were in Seaside, right on the boardwalk. And it was just me, you and her. And I think you just came down from Boston and I don't think you were living in New York. I think you were just doing some shows. Some one nighters and shit. And we did a one nighter.


Okay. I, I probably first it had to be, I got 39 years with her, probably like 38 years ago. I, That doesn't even make sense. 'cause I've been doing comedy for 30, well, let me see, 88, 97. 37 years. Okay. So then it, I, okay. I was with Bonnie, so Yeah. I mean Kelly. So I had, you're right. I had, it Had to be like 1990 Then. Yeah. I had like four years clean. 90 was when it first started coming to New York. Okay. You were already clean by Then. Yeah. Yeah. So, and I was already married, so Yeah. I had, I had five years clean. So it was maybe like 34 years ago, which could fall Like three, five.


Okay. So yeah, we're working a one nighter. And I, I remember walking up the street, me, you and Bonnie. To, to the Boardwalk. I mean Kelly. Kelly To the Boardwalk. To the boardwalk. And it was just some one nighter. And then, I don't know if we ever worked again together. Oh, well Danger Fields. We did some stuff. We did Carons together too. I remember doing Carolines with you. We did. Oh, we did a lot of Dangerfield shows together. Yeah. You remember, did we ever do prom shows together? Yes. Oh, Jesus. And, and those Viva should know what prom shows are. So New York has a very weird thing where they take kids from like Staten Island and Brooklyn and they bring 'em in, in fucking buses to danger fields.


And the show would run from like 7:00 PM till five in the morning. No Break. No break. Just you would go one show and you'd get paid by the show. Yeah. It was like, it was good money. I forget what it was. Yeah. But it was like, you get paid by like, you can make a couple grand in a night if you did the whole night. So you do standup from 7:00 PM to like 5:00 AM But sometimes some of the shows were the same, some of the same crowd. Most of the shows. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. They didn't move the people out. They just pushed new kids in. And they wanted you to do the same jokes so that the kids would leave.


It's the best time to be a basketball fan. All the thrills and playoff drama done sitting in the sideline and ready to win some real cash. Well check out pick six from DraftKings when it comes to basketball playoffs. DraftKings Pick six poster rises the competition, including prize picks. When you hit all your picks, you'll score higher. Minimum payouts on pick six than flex plays on prize picks. And best of all, you'll win even more cash if you outscore the competition. Track your picks for a shot at huge cash prizes. That's all there is to it. Pick six is available in most states in including Missouri, California, Texas, Georgia, and more. Don't settle for a smaller payout. Switch to pick six and cash in your basketball knowledge. New players get 50 in pick six credits instantly on just a $5 entry. Basketball playoffs are here. Cash in with pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Pick six app now and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to play $5, get $50 in, pick six credits. Better payouts, bigger wins only with pick six from DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Gambling Problem Call one 800 GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Age and eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdrawable. Pick six Credits that expire in 14 days. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six.draftkings.com/promos.


So we were doing proms at Danger Fields And it, this is all young kids in high, you know, getting ready to go to college. And Ronnie goes on, he walks on stage in a robe drunk. He's not doing comedy. He's bumming the crack. He's talking about his divorce or dead. Oh no. And all these kids are just, they're all looking at him. Like the jury from my cousin Vinny, when they were looking at the stuttering lawyer, their eyes were just going, what is going on with this man? Wow. Right. And he just, it was the most depress. And then I think Brian Regan had to follow him.


And, and the fact, I mean, if you look at your career and some of mine and Brian Regan, we were doing prom shows. Yeah, I did. I did a, there was a contest at Rascals and I think the winner got to do comedy on a plane. Right. And that was back when they smoked on plays. Yeah. Yeah. And I think John Stewart was one of the contestants. Like I remember doing, I remember doing some, or else it was a Johnny Walker competition. I was there, it was like me, John Stewart, Jim Gaffigan, you know, to do some Johnny Walker tour.


I don't fucking know whatever the contest was, but it was all these contests. But you would see, look, I worked fucking clubs here. I I was working one club once and after the show, it was in Scranton, pa at a Holiday Inn. Me and another comic after the show, the owner brings us in the back room and pulls out a gigantic bag of Coke and says, do you want coke or money? And I took the Coke and the guy who took the money is outta Sandler. And look where he is and look where I'm Adam Sandler took the money at old fucking, he opened up, he's a guitar comic and he opened up, that was A, that was a Nick's comedy stop thing.


Coker Money. Oh yeah. I worked there in Boston. Did they offer you poker money Back then? I don't. And I was getting high. 'cause when I first started comedy, somehow they, what was his name? Dominic and Jackie Gaman or something. Yes, yes. They liked me for some reason. And I stunk. But they would gimme spots at Nick's and I would get either money or, but I would buy Coke from Mike, the drug dealer that the Colombians killed. He was their Coke dealer up there. I would stay behind the connection at the Milner Hotel, which was all prostitutes and drug addicts. Right. And you know, I would go up there and Nick's was giving me shows upstairs, downstairs.


So the one time, the last time I was up in Boston, I did s Springfield Mass and Westfield Mass. 2 52 Elm and some other Norm La Foe shit. And then Norm La Foe Western Massachusetts. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. So then I went to Nick's. I go, I'm not spending my money on drugs. I'm not this, I'm coming home with fucking money. Right. So I'm working this place called Plums in Worcester. And this waitress, oh, fucking smoking hot after the show. 'cause I did some Coke bits. She goes, you do coke? I go, yeah. I go, I go, I go, I go, do you, do you know where I can get any coke?


And we couldn't get any coke in Boston. I'm not, we drove from Boston. I went back to New York, bought a bunch of crack. We got a hotel, smoked all night. I, we had sex, this and that. And it was Saturday night. And I'm 40 minutes from home and I have one more show in Boston on a Sunday. And I have to drive her all the way back to Boston. No money left, maybe 10 or $20. Just enough to get back to Boston. Do much luggage in a fucking paper bag. We stopped on the way up in Hartford.


We tried to buy coke or heroin and we got ripped off. She's crying 'cause she's going to lose her job. Fucking blood started pouring outta my nose as we're driving, just pouring out. I'm like, oh Jesus. Jesus Christ. I swear to God. Right, right. Well, and then she goes, my sister wants an ounce of coke. So I was gonna set her up and, and rip her off And you know, oh boy. You know, get a free ounce of Coke. Well, anyhow, two weeks later, I, I end up in rehab. That was my bottom, that fucking trip to Boston. I end up in rehab and about a year or two later, I'm working Fort Lauderdale and her sister's there with her boyfriend, who's the size of a fucking house.


So if I did rip her off, I would've gotten fucking, this shit killed, beaten outta me. You know, what are the odds? So that last trip to Boston, and I spent all the money I wasn't gonna spend, but this girl was fucking hot, you know? Then I, I came outta rehab and I think I had like a month or two months clean. And I'm working Daytona Beach, this fucking wait where? I don't know. I was, I had bad teeth. Fucking Jerry Curl. And my wife says this, she saw videos of me from RA and she goes, you're such a mess. But you had so much confidence and girls like confidence.


Right. 'cause I would be on stage fucking rotten teeth and fucking grease stripping outta my hair. So I fucking mess. I look like a fucking rat. And just hot waitress in Daytona. We go back to her place and I'm making out with her And it, something tastes funny. I go, what? And she pulls out a bag of coke and I had like a month clean two months. I go, I can't do that. I, I gotta get outta here. I mean, I fucked her, but then I left real quick. You know, you know, And it was scary shit. So You never bounced back. You never went back to drugs? No, no. That's amazing. 39 years ago. That's incredible. You have one fall off and you're like, I'm done. Well, I mean, here's for me now, And you know, as the year's accumulated, you know, I was, I was working, I was saving money.


I was buying, you know, if I went and got high, now this watch alone would kill me. I could porn this watch. Right. It would be enough money for me to die. Right. You know, money I've hidden around the house, you know, no one's gonna find it. I, I like don't even think, Hey, we're gonna go to Foster's house and find his money. This shit is fucking hidden. Well, alright, so go fuck yourselves. So anyhow, I'll die. There's no look I for a year and I gotta get back on track. I stopped eating, not, not keto, but cut back on carbs, sugar, just, I did real well for a year.


I mean, I was fucking ripping up again. And from my age, and it's harder to, my daughter comes upstairs and goes, oh, I made homemade chocolate chip cookies. I go, oh, gimme one. Well, the seventh cookie I had to throw in the garbage the seventh. I go, I can't, I gotta stop. So that's how my fucking mind is, right? There's no, there's no one time, what the fuck? I play golf and guys are drinking a beer. I go, what the fuck you doing? We like to taste fuck off. Gatorade tastes good. You drink to get drunk. What are you drinking A beer? You know? And it's just, and then on stage, if I go, I quit. Someone goes, quitter, shut the fuck up. You're here having wine coolers, bitch.


Sell your mother's car to get high. Go fuck yourself. Wow. You don't know anything about getting high. Oh, you're Fighting with people aren't even here. I know. I'm just telling you how this is strange. I just, They shower, argue with these guys. Oh. Do you know how many fucking arguments I've had? Oh yeah. I know. You gonna bring in, in your whole pro-Palestinian crew that I was gonna fight today, which I have stuff printed out. We'll read later. We'll read later. But it's so funny, you're having fights with people you don't ever lay in bed or argue with. Have arguments with people that No, You've never had I did when I was young.


Yeah. I figured that out when I was younger. This is stupid. And when the impulse comes, which it does, yeah. I just, I go, this is stupid. I talk to myself. Yeah. I just coach myself. Yeah. You gotta have like a, another voice in your head. Yeah. But I, most people have one voice in their head and that voice is like, we should go get high or we should do this. We should, you have to have a second voice. And the second voice is like, what advice would I give me? And the advice I would give me is like, you're wasting your time arguing in the shower with someone who doesn't even, they don't even know you're arguing with them. I know. It's true. You're not even there. You're like replaying it out in your head. So you could have had a better thing to say to them. You They're living, they say they're living rent free in your head. Yes.


That's what it is. Yeah. But did I don't allow anybody in my head. Well, I had the second boy. I do. And I'm not religious by any, but I'll say, you know, God, get me off. You know, what should I do? What's my purpose? Or what can I do in life? You know? Look, my main purpose in life, besides being my main purpose is staying sober. 'cause if I don't, I'm dead easily and everything I throw away, then my family obviously, you know, and my, and my career, you know, all the shit I put about Israel, this and that, that's, that's my life is comedy.


But I think in life, if you're not part of the, like I say, solution, you're part of the problem with what's going on in this world with, in this, mainly in this country. The antisemitism in this country, the Antisemitism in this country is weird because it popped up like it was hiding, you know? Yeah. After October 7th, it popped up like it was hiding. Like, what, where has this been here the whole time? Yeah. It was weird. And I think there's a lot of it in on Twitter and these places that I think is not human beings. And that inspires human beings to get bold. I think there's a lot of it that's bots. Yeah. There's a lot of it that's bot.


I see these, I've, I've, like, when someone says something outrageous on Twitter, I'll go to the account and see like what, what they're doing and what, and sometimes I go, I go, oh, this isn't a person like you, you can figure it out after like a couple of pages. Like this is not an actual person. This is a person that jumps onto every controversial subject and says something insightful and they do it over and over again. And you see it with abortion, you see it with immigration, you see it with voting, you see it with the rigged elections. Like there was an FBI analyst who took a look at Twitter before the purchase and he said, I think it's as much as 80% bots. I think we're getting played as a civilization.


Well back and forth. I think we're getting, I think so many people are vulnerable to like following a narrative. Well, and, and, and I I agree. She, and I've said this and I believe in free speech. You didn't, I when we talked about this, you didn't agree with it. But I I didn't agree with free Speech. No, no, no. What I said about the internet that some people in life use that plat shouldn't have a platform in life because they're they're nuts. They're nuts. Like if you had a someone in the audience, that's nuts. You're going to, you're going to take 'em out. Right? You're gonna get rid of 'em. Right. But that's the difference between an audience and the internet is Yeah.


You don't have to engage with the nuts. Okay. But there's people that are following these nuts. Okay, you take whatever's going on in the Middle East, whatever, whether whatever side you're on, Israel, Palestine, whatever. Why are college campuses letting this happen on campus? Where Jews can't go to class where they're being harassed, where they feel threatened? Well, a lot of that stuff is funded. Yeah. It's funded by Qatar or whatever, But, or whatever. Whoever, whoever, whoever, whoever's doing it. There's, there's most, certainly there's funding and organization involved.


These aren't organic protests that just pop up. No, Of course Everybody wants to think they are because some people join organically, they hop in. But it's not, no, it, these are all being organized, of course. Including the anti Elon protests including like, you know, the, the end to oligarchy rallies that they have with A OC and Bernie Sanders. All this shit is getting, it's all getting funded and astro turfed and they're busting people in, they're manufacturing a movement. Of Course. And I mean, listen, they didn't all go out and buy the same tents. Right. You know, they, you know, it's, and there's, I don't know how many that are getting funded and then they bring in, you know, it's just like The tents are crazy.


It's just, It's just, we're gonna camp out for Palestine. Okay. Yeah. It's just like, you know, I don't want to get into the eighties and foreclosures on, on farms, you know, farm aid. Well the, when banks were foreclosing on farms, Jews were going, look, the Jews are foreclosing on our form, the Jewish bankers. And they weren't even the bankers doing it. It was the wasp bankers. Jews barely worked at Chase Manhattan in the early eighties or seventies. So, but they blame the Jews. That's what you're saying. But they blame 'cause it's easy to go after, you know that. So throughout the Midwest or the south, it's easier to build up hatred or a group to go after a smaller group going, Hey, these people are closing on your farms.


These are the people that are doing it. And these people don't have the knowledge and the hate just grows and grows from generation to generation. Right. Does that make sense? Yes. So, you know, same with, you know, the look I got, shit I printed out is, you know, I'll show later maybe. I don't know. I mean, I listen my, I'm a comic, but I, I really, you see what I post sometimes I post some shit and it's not, I'm not anti, I'm not anti, you're pro Israel. I'm just pro-ISIS. I'm, but I'm pro, you're pro Jew. I'm pro Jew in this country. And I'm not religious by any stretch. I don't fucking, it's, I think it's a holiday now.


It's Passover or something. I don't fucking know. I'm not religious. My cousins were, my family wasn't black. You Think about it as a people, I think about it as yes, as a people. You know, if what was happening in this world to black people or gay people, these colleges would put an end to it. It would stop. Alright. If, if people were ripping down posters of, of hostages, of black hostages or gay hostages, when that was happening, it wouldn't happen. It wouldn't Happen. Yeah. That was crazy. You know, that was crazy where people were upset that people wanted people to bring the hostages home. Like these hostages. Some of them were aid workers. Yes. Some of them were people that like lived there so they could help people in Gaza.


The whole thing is so crazy. But I, I wonder like how did they get turned that way? Or were they like, what I would said like, they were in hiding. There was like, see as a person who's not a Jew, I would hear about all the antisemitism. Like, yeah, there's always gonna be some. Yeah, but maybe everyone's exaggerating. But then when this after October 7th, it was just like, oh, Jesus. What the fuck? Fucking everywhere Are you, are you, what's your background? Irish Italian. Italian? Yeah. Mostly one quarter Irish. Okay.


The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And it's time for all the high stakes drama, clutch moments and jaw dropping plays. I can't wait. If you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting, Draftking Sportsbook has you covered As an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin games all the way through to the finals, now's your time to back your favorite players and teams as they chase glory. All season long DraftKings has been the go-to spot for NBA player props. And that doesn't stop. Now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Ready to place your first bet. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app now lock in your bets and let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's something special for first timers, new DraftKings customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the draftking sportsbook app and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. If you or someone you know has a Gambling Problem, call the Virginia Problem Gambling helpline at 8 8 8 5 3 2 3521 and over Virginia only eligibility restrictions apply. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. Sometimes speed is a huge asset like in the ring or on the field. Being quicker than your opponent could be the difference between winning and losing. In the world of business, it could be the difference between finding or missing out on your next great hire. Luckily, you can speed up the hiring process with ZipRecruiter. Their new zip intro feature can help you meet several interested qualified candidates at once, kind of like speed dating. And right now you can try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro works fast to find the people you need. You can literally post your job today and start talking to candidates in back to back calls to tomorrow. It's that fast. And best of all, this feature does a lot of the legwork for you. It finds you top talent for your role and schedules those calls. All you need to do is pick a time. Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with zip intro only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro. Post jobs today, talk to qualified candidates tomorrow


If every surrounding country, right? Italian, Italians, Italian. Oh, I get it, Italy. They're gonna fight back by any means necessary. Listen, I 100% Get, I'm gonna show you Can I show you some stuff? Pictures now we don't have to do it. You can talk comedy. I don't know. I gotta do a little of it. Yeah, a little Whatever you want. I don't care. Do whatever you want. I'm joking around, but Yeah, no, I understand. And I think that's also one of the re things that people Like my wife should keep away. Go Ahead. When people get angry about Jews is, 'cause they think that Jews always stick together and they like Jews above all else. And, and then it's like, Oh fuck those people. You know? There's like that walled garden approach, you know, If the Jews, what do you Got there?


You got a manila envelope? Like you're in fucking court. Look at this. Relax. I'm a, I come prepared. What you got? Oh, charts. Yeah. Well here's Some, did you bring graphs? What's that first page? Is that a photo of Israel? What is, you got a map. You brought maps. Look at it. Look at he brought shit, he brought maps for me. Look at, look at, this is the dumbest shit I've ever seen from you. Look to You look at the dot, look at the size of Israel. Yeah, it's very small. Look At who's are surrounded By, yeah, they're surrounded by a bunch of Muslims. Alright. Not a good spot to be if You're a Jew. So, so When they should probably moved to a different spot. They should Have. It's like, you know, You know what I mean? Like, No, I got other better stuff. I just start off with the weaker stuff. Perhaps if you're, you're a black guy, you move into a KKK neighborhood, that's like, you're gonna have problems.


Yeah. I mean, so it Is kind of crazy. Wouldn't, Wouldn't you think by any means necessary, they're gonna do what they fucking have to do Totally. To survive. Yes. I totally think they would. And I understand that aspect of it. Is that your phone? Yeah. I gotta turn it on. Sorry. My wife. I don't know how she got my number. Start the car. It is crazy when you look at the map that it's not just that they're surrounded, but they're surrounded by everyone. Everyone. It's all enormous countries. I Mean, look All the way up. It's interesting that you go down Saudi Arabia at the end of it, you forget. Oh, it's Ethiopia's right there. And then, I mean, Turkey hates Israel fucking Iran.


They're, you know, they're being attacked by four or five different nations at once. And everybody's going, well, you know, they're, they're committing genocide. First of all, those numbers are coming out of, coming from Hamas. Where do you think those numbers are coming From? Yeah. Okay. But the drone footage isn't coming from Hama. The drone footage is real. Like if you, you cover like Gaza with a drone. Yeah. There's nothing left. It's pretty nuts. Well, I I bet you if they released the hostages October 10th, none of this shit would've happened. That's true. None of this shit would've happened during the Clinton administration.


Arafat was in the White House probably six or seven times. The, the head of the CIA during the Clinton administration visited the White House twice, Arafat, six or seven times. And they offered a two state solution, Clinton, that, that would've been Clinton's legacy to have peace and a two states. But Arafat kept turning it down because Arafat's a terrorist. And if he does that, what purpose does he serve? What purpose as he's, Is it that simple? Well, To me it is. 'cause I'm not the smartest, but It's part of the problem. Well, part of the problem with Israel and Palestine, and I've, I've sat down and thought about this conflict, not that I'm an expert either, but it's almost insurmountable.


It's been, and then now after October 7th with all the bombings and with when they leveled Gaza, it's like, how do you fix this? It's like, there's no, there's, you've, you've created whatever the numbers are. Yeah. It's whether it's 70,000 people or 20,000 people that have been killed that are innocents. You've created so many more potential terrorists. Yeah. 'cause so many of the children of those people and the brothers and sisters and relatives of those people. So it's like, it's like reinforced this desire to, to fight against Israel. But we, You know, And you could squash that. You could, you just keep pounding them down till there's nothing left, which is what it seems to that they're doing.


But We, And I, I understand it from a tactical perspective. I guess do We have, does do we have that animosity and hatred from Japan towards us where we dropped, you know, and killed 350,000 people. We, I mean Well they did for a while. Yeah. But they certainly did for a long while. Yeah. But now our friends who'd go to Japan in the seventies, and they said you could feel the hatred. Yeah. But now it's, that's it's 55 years Later. Yeah. They're, they're not like that at all now. Yeah. Okay. So, but it's a co totally, completely different generation. So you think future generations will think about Israel the same way we think about Japan? Or Japan thinks about us. No, because Future generations in the Middle East, this has been going since day one.


Since the sixth day war. Oh yeah. Since the young kipper war. Since since day one. They've been being attacked. So there's never no, they, Well, it's also before Israel was founded, you gotta go back to how they were being persecuted in Europe. It was insane. Yes. There's the, this guy, Darrell Cooper's a lightning rod for controversy, unfortunately. But he's a, he's got an amazing podcast and he's got this series called Fear and Loathing in the new Jerusalem. And it starts out with the Jews being persecuted in, in Europe. And he takes you through what it would've been like for those people and the gangs of people roaming down the streets, raping women, beating men to death in the streets.


And it's so crazy because it's real. It happened And it was these people's neighbors. And you know, this was why they got so many people to move to Israel in the first place. Yeah. 'cause when they said, look, we're setting up a state for, for just for Jews from all these Eastern European Jews are like, okay, we're in. And they moved. I mean, you know, and then you had, I Mean, and they've also been there since Christ. I mean, they've been in Israel Jews Even before that, right? Yeah. A couple weeks. But I think it predates, I mean, doesn't it predate Jesus? Yeah. I mean, I, I'm not historian and this isn't my whole life.


Let's find out, let's find out since we can, what is the earliest, who are the what? When did Jews first settle the land? That's now known as Israel? But it was Judea back then, right? Like what, what was it called? It was, it initially called Miami. But also like, this is like, you know, this is one of the reasons why it's this area is so, so contentious, is because Christians really believe that when Jesus comes back, that's, he's coming, Come to Jerusalem, He's gonna coming back Jerusalem. Like, are you, are you fucking sure? But here's, here's another thing too. This, and I'm not, listen, I've worked, I'm not gonna be that guy. Oh, I had a Muslim friend.


Here we go. Jews have been a history in the land of Israel, their presence dating back to the second millennial, B, CE. Okay. Settling in the area around 1002, 50 BCE. So that's, that predates Jesus by 1,250 years. It's funny. They call it before current era. Yeah. Like current era is not 2000 years ago, just say before Jesus, you motherfuckers. That's what I say. Second millennial, BCE, the Israelites considered to be the ancestors of the Jewish people, emerged as an outgrowth of the southern Canaanites. Israelites entered canon in 1250 BCE settling the hill country in the south 10th century, BCE two Israelite kingdoms, Northern kingdom of Israel.


And the southern kingdom of Judea emerged of Judah rather emerged the kingdom of Israel was conquered by the Neo Assyrian Empire in 7 22 BCE. And at 5 86 BC, the kingdom of Judah was conquered by the Neo Babylonian empire. 5 38 BC The per Persian Cyrus the Great ended the Babylonian exile. And the Jews returned to their homeland. So they've been so they've been there since 5 38. BCE started the 1250 bc So they were there before anybody. Yeah. The Romans destroyed the second temporal of Jerusalem in 70 current era leading to the Jewish dysphoria.


Wow. Crazy fucking history of controversy in that one place. 48, the state of Israel was established. Many Holocaust survivors welcomed it as a homeland. Yeah. In 48. And since then, they've been at war. And so they started settling another wave of Jews started coming in 1904. From 1904 to 1914. So yeah. Before 5 38 BCE. Yeah. But the problem is like, they're we're a house then Palestinians there. And like, what are the, they don't even have a country. Let's, if you've got people that are right next to you that don't even have a country, they don't, they don't ha You know, what is it, what do they do if they're ruled by Hamas? How do they fight back like these? They are protesting in the streets now.


They are What? Against Hamas? Yeah, they are. They get executed. Do you just see that? Yes. The big protest. I just saw that Thousands yes. Thousands of courageous people protesting in the street. It's, They're like, we don't want any more of this. Stop. Well, well look what happened. They got, they, they got, I mean, cus of Israel's help got Asad outta Syria. Now the rebels took over, but Assad killed almost 500,000 of his own people. Tortured a hundred thousand. I mean, those are the numbers I read. I don't know if they're exact, but he's gone. There's a lot of Controversial about Assad in Syria. Yeah. There's a lot of controversial about controversy, you know, about what actually happened and why we were backing the rebels.


We essentially, yes, we essentially backed isis, which is crazy. We backed Al-Qaeda, which is just nuts. He, but he was more dangerous in Syria According To our, than to the rep. According, well also according to Israel, because Israel weakened Iran's military after they were attacked by Iran, who was supplying Assad with weapons. You know What's really fucked? Before Iran became a, a religious state, women were like wearing miniskirts. Yes. They were hot. The the, it was like there was freedom everywhere. People were like chilling.


It seemed almost like an like Europe, Probably like a, a like a resort vacation. Like they were beautiful. Oh, they were gorgeous women. Iran, that Persian women have incredible genes. It's like, you, you, you look at these photos from like, see if you can find some photos of Iran. Like early 1970s. I was, I was seeing some things on it this morning, actually on the way over here, or before I left my house, I was seeing this, it's, it's so hard to imagine that a place that was, that had a democratically elected leader, you know, was, you know, it was kind of almost European. And then now, now it's just a full religious state.


And anybody, anybody protest against the government gets assassinated. Like they, they, they assassinated an Olympic gold medalist wrestler because he was perceived to be protesting. I don't even know if he actually protested. It was like some things that you post online. Like if women take off their heads scarfs, they can get killed. But why I don't get, It's crazy that a, a country can fall like that. I don't get where gays or women or whatever are backing. They're basically back backing Hamas. Yeah. I don't get, They're retarded. That's why I don't get it. Because they just do the new thing. What's the new thing? Is it climate change? Why am I yelling? Climate change. Okay. Climate change is, do black Lives matter?


Okay. Black lives matter. It's all it is. There's a lot of people out there that are just retarded. And those are the people that you see getting bused into these rallies. And there's just a lot of dopes that you can get to agree with almost anything. And there's gay people for Hamas, believe it or not, trans people. For Hamas, It's fucking, I know, I I blacks for a clan. It's Don't hard, hard to tell how many of 'em are real. Because there's a few people that troll online and they'll pretend I'm a, you know, I'm a trans woman, but I'm also a Muslim. Like, okay, they will throw you off a fucking roof bitch. No, there's none left. There's no roofs left. There's a couple hide points. It's just hard to get to 'em.


It's, here's, and obviously as a comic, I believe in the first amendment, I say, shit that you can't cancel me. Anyhow. I believe, and maybe I'm wrong and maybe you disagree. I I want to see your opinion. Look at this. Look at this. Okay. After this Show, Iran, for the 1970s, look, girls in miniskirts looking hot, they Look that looks like Europe. Look at this girls sitting in front of a car. Cute little out there. She'd be fucking killed doing that now. Yeah. Look at the beaches in Iran in the 1970s. Isn't that fucking crazy? No litter. Look at These. God Damn. Look at the tits on that one. Hot One lady, though. That was the future. The future's in the lower right corner. Oh. Covered up like Yoda.


Crazy. It's crazy. That's, that's what happened to that place. Like, look at these people all hanging out, being free. 1979 is when it all went to shit. And they call it the revolution. But I think it was us back, son. Okay. What's your opinion? This is my opinion. Free speech, protest all you want at colleges protest, wherever. But take off the masks. You Know? I mean, you should take off the masks, period. Yes. I don't believe in a society where people walk around with their faces covered. Well, I think there's, it's too dangerous. Yes. It's a public safety issue. It's too hard to identify criminals.


It's too hard to identify someone who commits a crime. During the, during the Vietnam protest, there was never a mask. Right. Those people were proud to protest against the Vietnam War, but there also Wasn't facial recognition software and cameras in the sky. It was like, you know, there's a lot of Considerations. It's true, it's true. But now they're hiding and they're committing to me some crimes on campus, I think, Well, they're certainly doing a lot of things they shouldn't be allowed to do. Like disrupting classes and screaming at professors. And Yes, there's go and it's organized. Yeah. Yeah. It's organized. And people join in because they just join.


They wanna be a part of a group, group, group. And there's, there's a lot of people in this world. There's leaders and there's followers. There's a lot of, there's a lot of followers. More followers than leaders. Than leaders in the world. Yeah. So we'll get off of this 'cause I know it kind of, you know, but I just Wanted to, are you your map back? No, I have other things in there. I have other, other good points in there. Okay. It is, it it is a good point though. But it's like when you have people that are bitter enemies like this, like these kind of conflicts take thousands of years to work through. And in, in the case of Israel, it's still, it's, it is thousands of years old. It's, look, how are they gonna win anything through the UN when there's 22, 23 hour countries in the UN and Israel.


So everything's gonna be voted against. Yeah. Israel, they're 22, 23 fucking hour. I, like I said, just, I, I can't solve or whatever. Is it, is it unfair? Is it whatever my concern is what's going on in this country? That's my main concern. My daughter's going to college. I don't want her to go to a college where she feels scared to go to class. Right. Where she feels threatened just to be who she is. Told Her to go to college in Texas. Yeah, I know. That's what she, I I want her to go to some, you know, They have concealed carry on college campuses here.


You know, it's so, It's, yeah, this is a different place. It's, It's a different time. This is what America like is supposed to be in a lot of ways. You know, it's supposed to be a lot more free, less law, less laws. And, but you know, there's a lot of laws here that are kind of crazy. You know, the, the abortion thing, the six week thing is most women don't even know they're pregnant that quickly. I, I think if a woman, If a woman, If a lady, a woman. Okay. Okay. I told you I walked out in 11th grade. If a lady I think does all her chores, I think, I think once a week she should be able to wear slacks. I abortion to me, e I've, it's not really a, I think a man and may I could be wrong.


If you are married or you live with your spouse, the male might have, what, 20, 25% of the decision. Maybe 30. But some single guy probably never had a girlfriend. Never live with a girl. Shut the fuck up. Yeah, Shut the fuck up. That's, You know what, you just wanna be part of something. Well, people love controlling people though. Yes, they really do. Which is why, you know, those climate protests drove me fucking crazy where they would the protest for climate change by blocking the highway, those fucking idiots. Yeah. All they wanna do is control people. That's what they wanna do. You're not changing anyone's mind. No, not at all. Holding a flag in the middle of the highway.


Yes. You're just pissing people off, but you're controlling people by stopping traffic. And that's what people like to do. They like to, they control people. And they don't know if somebody's given birth right or somebody has to get to the hospital or for anything. A hundred percent. It's all self-centered. Fucking I'm more important than you. Yes. My, you know, throwing paint on somebody with a fur, they should turn around and fucking beat the daylights outta 'em. Or they, these fucking climate people walking into the Wrike Museum or the Van Gogh and throwing paint on a fucking on Or gluing yourself to the wall. Yeah. What The, that's crazy. And Then again, How do you see what they did at the Porsche dealership?


They, they glued themselves to the floor and the Porsche dealership, they just shut the lights off and left them in there. Oh, really? Yeah. Fuck you. They came back the next day, they themselves to the floor. They glued their hands to the floor like that. They're gonna stop everything. And they were like, okay, good. We'll just shut the doors. Shut, shut the doors. Leave 'em in there to shit themselves. Good.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. We've all got our daily rituals. Like in the mornings you might grab some coffee, do some exercise, eat a bowl of cereal, and then head off to work. It's nice having a routine. You can go back to again and again. You might even find it comforting, but You know what can bring you even more peace of mind. SimpliSafe, they have some of the best home security systems out there. And I'm not just saying that the CNET named SimpliSafe the best home security system of 2025. Their systems are top notch. I think part of that is because SimpliSafe gets the job done fast. They work to prevent break-ins before they happen. Using AI powered cameras and live professional monitoring agents, they can keep a close eye on your property. And if they detect any suspicious activity, they take action. Whether it's activating spotlights, talking to intruders in real time or contacting the police, SimpliSafe gets it done. It's also nice to know there's no bullshit with these guys. There's no long-term contracts or cancellation fees. SimpliSafe even has a 60 day satisfaction guarantee or your money back. Make SimpliSafe a part of your daily routine. Get 50% off your new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and your first month free at simplisafe.com/rogan. That's simplisafe.com/rogan for 50% off and your first month free. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


This episode is brought to you by Farmer's Dog. It doesn't matter how old your dog is, it's always a great time to start investing in their health and happiness. And thankfully, the farmer's dog makes it easier than ever to feed your dog a healthy diet of real meat and veggies. Dogs prefer their food. Even picky. Dogs and owners prefer their service. If you have a question about your dog, your plan, your delivery, or anything else, they have 24 7 customer service that connects you to real humans who are genuinely interested in providing the best experience possible for you and your dog. They give you detailed instructions on how to transition your dog to fresh food and even proportionate for your dog's specific needs. Feeding your dog healthy. Human grade food shouldn't be complicated. And with the farmer's dog, it isn't. The entire experience from box to bowl is a breeze. So try the farmer's dog today and give healthy, freshly made food a try. You can get 50% off your first box of food plus free shipping. Just go to The Farmer dog.com/rogan. Tap the banner or visit this episode's page to learn more. Offer available for new customers Only


Porsches are nice cars. Why would they attack Porsches? They're only doing it because they know it'll get attention. That's all it is. It's a bunch. Usually a bunch of very privileged, rich kids, white kids that come from a family that has a lot of wealth and to rebel against their parents or probably fucking investment bankers or something. They decide they're gonna fight climate change man. And they don't even understand what they're fighting. They don't understand the science. They don't, it's complex. It's multi-layered and nuanced. And there's a lot of propaganda that's attached to what they call the green agenda. Because the green agenda, like all things that are big and public is profitable. They have a bunch of companies that if they can get these laws pushed forward, they can have industries that emerge and their industry can, can benefit from all these laws.


And so they'll, they'll fund protests, they'll get people to do things. But it's all four d chess. There's all these multiple layers of things happening. And then there's the inconvenient actual climate data that the Washington Post printed that show that over the last 50 million years we're in a decline. The earth is in a cooling period. And the, the Earth's never, like, you probably know this, but for people who don't, there's never been a static temperature on earth. It's always gone up and down wildly. It's unpredictable. It has multiple, multiple factors. Carbon is probably one of them, but it's not the big one. It's not all of it.


There's solar activity that's you can't control at all. Solar flares happen and some of 'em happen. They've happened in the early 18 hundreds. They blew out all the fucking morse code systems. It was like the, there was a big solar flare in the 18 hundreds that, see if You can find that. But there's, they could blow out the power grid. Easy kill all the satellites. Easy. What what carbon is, is food for plants. It's the dumbest fucking thing to protest against. Pollution is a giant issue. Yeah. Do do we have an impact on the weather? I'm sure we do. We have an impact on fucking everything. But CO2 net zero, all this shit.


This is nonsense carrington event. Most intense geomagnetic storm recorded history peaking on one to two September, 1859 during a solar. So solar cycle 10 created strong or rural displays that reportedly global, that reported globally and caused sparking and even fires in telegraph stations. The geomagnetic storm was most likely the result of a coronal mass ejection from the sun colliding with earth's magnetosphere. So if we have some of those in the future, it could do anything. Let's see. A geomagnetic storm of this magnitude occurring today has the potential to cause widespread electrical disruptions, blackouts, and damage to the electrical power grid.


We've got real problems. Real problems. And you're not gonna solve it with electric cars. No. You're just not, you're not gonna solve it with windmills. No. It look, if you drive up the Jersey Turnpike or anywhere and the factories and the lights and all the smoke and all that shit, shit. Just everything. Alright. Me turning off my light bulb is not gonna make a fucking difference Compared. Well, particularly when you look at the emissions that come from China. Yes. China is an enormous, enormous contributor to carbon emissions. And not just carbon emissions, but pollutants, particulates. They're not stopping.


They have, they, they built 200 new coal plants. You know, they, they're not gonna stop no matter what we do. They're gonna do what's best for China financially. Period. End of discussion. All these conversations they're having about net zero, go fuck yourself. You're not gonna stop that. Okay. And and this is what they're looking out for their best interest. Yeah. That's what they're doing. Just like every other fucking country is, is basically doing, is survival. And that's my point with Israel. They're looking out for what's going to keep us from being extinguished off this fucking planet. Right.


And it, you know, whatever it takes. That's what the Jews, and I'm getting back on this because you lost me on all that shit. I'm, but what the Jews need is a Malcolm X of Jews. Oh boy. Somebody look at Malcolm X was great. He didn't say hate, he didn't say go after the white man. He said, do what we have to do. Why don't you do that? Why don't you be the Malcolm X for the Jews? I'm not. Maybe that's your calling, my Vocabulary. It's, You know what I mean? I would, there's No way to tighten that up a little bit. I could a little, a little with Bonnie's help. I fired my manager two weeks ago and I had her write it out for me because I knew I would've said something fucked up.


I mean, That's Smart. You know? And and another thing I go, Hey listen, you know, seven years, it's, it's time to move on and I hope we can still be friends. And he went definitely not. Like, are you sure? Maybe we could work this out. It's like, when you fucking leave a girl, she, she's like, great. Okay, wait. Whoa. Yeah. Come on. I, I added something. Fight for me. Nope. So, nope. So yeah, I would love to speak in colleges or, or, or maybe that's not today. Let it cool down a No. Let it cool. Yeah. Right. Give it in a year or so. Give It a year. I probably wouldn't be able to get to the auditorium.


Trump said the wildest shit about Gaza. We're gonna turn it into the Mediterranean of the Middle East. Yeah. Like what? We're gonna take it. But he keeps saying, and I, I don't follow a, you know, if you don't release the hostages just held a pay. Well what, what has hell, what has he done to help release the hostages? I mean, we're now they're being attacked by fucking Yemen through the who, you know, I mean, what? I don't know. Release the fucking hostages and then maybe things over. How many hostages are left? No. What is it? 70 or, I don't know.


'cause they keep dropping a, you know, four hostages for a thousand prisoners or whatever. You know, I mean that's, is That what They're doing? Whatever. It's a trade off. How many prisoners they gotta give them for a hostage. And you know, these, this would've never went on in this We would not have put up for, I mean we did with Carter with the 200 Yeah. Iranian hostages. Yeah. 200. They were there for what, two years or? Well, they kept them there until Reagan was in office. Yeah. They kept him there until after the election. That was part of the deal. Yeah. Part of the deal was you'll release these folks after Reagan takes over so that Carter can't get credit for it. Yeah. I'm sure.


Oh Yeah, yeah. That was written. That was, Imagine you're a fucking, you're in there and you're like, Jesus Christ, I gotta be in here for four more months. Four months. So this guy gets credit just fucking crazy. Well, did you hear I didn't see it. I only read what these reporters and journalists, what she said on 60 Minutes. Do you think the hostages didn't feed you because they ran out of food. Oh, that Hamas didn't feed the hostages. Yeah, because They out food. Leslie, Leslie s sta said that in an interview. Did she really say that in an interview? Look it up. She said that to one of the hostages. Do you think they didn't? And don't quote me. 'cause this is what I read. I don't want to get sued by Leslie, whoever. But I think she said what I read.


Do you think the the captors didn't feed you 'cause they ran outta food. That's a crazy thing to say to someone who was a hostage. Yeah. I mean she's, That's crazy. On fucking 60 Minutes a journal. How do you say something like that? That's a crazy thing to say. But they're bad. That the problem with these 60 minutes journalists is the same problem with what they did with the Kamala Harris interview. Where they took a bumbling answer and edited out and put an answer to. She gave to something else in its place to make it look like she gave succinct clear cut answers. It's, it's, it's not really journalism. They're not No, they're not doing journal. That's not a question you say to a hostage. You Yeah. When you're talking to a hostage, you want to find out what the experience was like in, in as compassionate a way as you can to talk to this person who's been through hell.


You, you don't ask them. Do you ever think that maybe they didn't feed you because they didn't have any food themselves? Well, here you go. Look at what their face looks like. And look at the sunken in faces of the starving to death hostages. And well, obviously they didn't, they didn't give 'em any food. So shut up. It, It's, you can't watch the news. You can't 'cause you're gonna go, It's not news anymore. It's No, it's not. It's Click bait. And it's Fucking, it's, it's a business And it's a shitty business. It's not good at doing what it does. And it's all bought and paid for by pharmaceutical drug ads. And it's just not the news. It's not, you get some information that you can learn, but it's not like the unbiased, this is what happened.


This is what caused it. This is what's being done now. It's not that. It's like halfway. They're, they're kind of almost activists. I, I had an argument with somebody close to me. 'cause I go on Gutfeld, I try to go on once a month, like I said, and, and she says, oh, oh, you're, you're pro-Trump. I go, I'm not pro anything or anti anything. I go, I go on where else is a comic gonna sit for an hour? Try to be funny On tv? Yeah. On TV for an hour. Funny. There's not much left. There's not. And it's definitely not gonna be on the left. 'cause they're not gonna let me say the things that I get away.


Yeah. On the gut felt show. And it's a great show. I mean, it's, if you say something funny, they laugh. It's to me the closest to tough crowd. Right. To me. I see what You're saying. Not quite, but I know what you're saying. Not quite. But it's, I mean, it's fun and, and and, And it gets whatever views. And I said to this person, you work with the pharmaceutical companies for 30 years and you're gonna tell me, did they really? Yeah. And you're gonna go on your high horse about me doing a show that's gonna help my career and build numbers and Well, it's not the same. No, it's worse. It's it's way worse. It's worse. It's way worse. Worse. It's a pharmaceutical drug. Companies are responsible for who knows how many deaths and injuries.


Yeah. It's, yeah. They do good too. Yeah, absolutely. Some pharmaceutical drugs are great, but you can't be on your high horse. You work for them. That's crazy. It's in any other business. They'd be in jail. They would be Fucking jail. Jail. If you lied about what your product does And it kills a bunch of people. You're in jail. Can we talk about one of the reasons I'm here, I don't know if you remember this. I hope you do. I had this torn rotator cuff and you said, come down. Yeah. We're gonna get you some stem cells. Now what's the B? The BPCB PC 1 5 7 Is that peptide, which is better for the stem cells or the BPC?


There's No one better. They're all very good. BPC 1 5 7 is, it's called body protection compound 1 5 7. It's a peptide that helps heal soft tissue damage. So does stem cells. All all these different things are good Because I'm not getting my shoulders operated on. It's like a six month. It's rough And it doesn't always work. So what exactly is wrong with your shoulder? Well, this is a torn rotator cuff right here. Okay. I have, I even brought the disc, the x-ray. Oh, great. Do you, did you do any exercises for it? You do any rehabs for it? Not yet. 'cause I was waiting to do this to see where this took me. Oh, okay. And then how i, I would go from there. You Know what I mean? But exercises are always good.


Like bands like band work. Yes. Where you do these kind of things where you, like, you keep your, you keep like a towel pressed to your body. Yeah. So you're holding in place and do these like rotations with bands. Like all those things are good just to keep everything strong anyway. Do you do any of that stuff? Not those yet. I haven't, I tried to. You ever hang from a chin up bar? You ever do this? Like No. For a torn rotator? Yeah. Just to strengthen and, and to, to release a pressure in your shoulders. You ever do that? Oh really? That? Yeah. No, I could, it's good, it's good for shoulder health in general to hang from a chin-up bar. If you can't hang, what you do is like, get on a box or something that brings you to the height of the bar. Yeah. And just hang a little, just get some weight on it until You can hang fully.


I mean, look, I could, I could still play golf. I could swing like this. Oh, that's good. So there's, it's not totally fucked. Okay. Well, when I went to the doctor, there's A lot of things You can do. Rehabilitation, things You can do that'll help you. Here's, here's the only thing, and I could be wrong. You'll, you'll know when they said, you know, rehab to build up the muscle. But I'm 67. How much more muscle am I building up? If You're 167, you can build muscle. That's, that's a silly way to look at it. Oh really? I okay. 100% if you're alive. Yes. And that means your body's recovering. Yeah. So that means your body's generating tissue. That means You can build muscle. Okay. If You can go play golf, You can build muscle.


Yes. One, 100%. If you're 80 fucking years old and a woman, you can build muscle. I mean, I, I work out still. I just, certain exercises I can't do. Yeah. Just you need to do exercises that rehabilitate your shoulder. Yeah. You, you can't just expect it to get better on its own. You're gonna have to put it through some work to strengthen the muscles around it. Well, I'm gonna, after, like I said, after I do this. Okay, I'm gonna go, do You leave when you flying out Wednesday. Okay, Great. So we'll get you into tomorrow morning. No worries. Cool. Get you into waste. Well, and we'll set it up. Did I bring the show too with Dead Holt? With my map? No, I thought fine. I thought it was a good conversation. We're Fine. Yeah, it's good. It's a good map. You know, it was, I got more stuff. I didn't wanna listen. I, I printed it out a bunch of stuff.


I don't wanna go back and have my fucking dumb J friends going, Hey, you didn't bring anything up. Oh, is that what they do? Yes. Well, stop talking to them Then. Then my wife don't say anything stupid. Is that what she said? Yeah. She goes, she goes Sorry about it. You know, be funny. That's what you're, what you doing? That? I was, I was pretty funny. Fun. I gotta say, listen, I'm, I'm a good interview. You're fine. Ah, you're doing fine. You know what, You know what? Our, our our the best. Not your best. What a great show would be. What? Me, Colin and Norton in here. Oh, that'd be phenomenal. That'd be phenomenal. Just like tough crowd.


Yeah. You probably couldn't do it today unless you did it on the internet. But you could still do it on the internet. Like, Colin should really bring it back. I know. I, there's plenty of guys that could still do it. Like Norton would be fucking phenomenal at It. We just did Norton's podcast, me, Colin and Norton, whatever podcast he's got 12 of 'em, him. And it was one of the most funniest things when it comes out. You'll ever hear us three together. It's like a fucking, You go back in the old groove again. You know, it's, Yeah. Because we're just there to have Anthony Groove fun. Yeah. We're there to have fun. Yeah. Tough crowd. And Op Anthony were huge for comedy. Huge. They, because Op Anthony, one of the things that they did that was brilliant is they just let us just go wild.


Just be ourselves. They didn't really try to control it at all. You know, Anthony would jump in with some funny shit. But the, the whole show was like, bring on a bunch of comics. Yes. Have him talk a bunch of shit. Give him, give him the reins. We, I mean, I could, I was in there one day, Anthony was eating a piece of cake. I walked by him and smacked it out of his hand. He, he laughed as hard as anybody on the planet because the, the times we had in there, I was on there with, were You with me when they brought in Mion Barry? Were you No, you weren't there.


You weren't there. Mary and Barry Mion Barry the fucking, the, The mayor from The mayor of Washington DC that got arrested for smoking crack. No. You were in there with him. Yes. Oh, that had to be a blast. Blast. We grabbed him. We grabbed, I thought you were in there. Norton was in there for sure. He was next door doing something and doing another interview. And he was in the hallway, and I think Opie said, Marion Barry's in the hallway right now. I'm like, let's go get him. And we got him and we brought him in and we started, I started asking him about crack. He's like, well, nobody knows what was in that pipe. I'm like, well, you know, You know, You fucking know what you smoking. That wasn't crack. That's almost C here. You know, you, oh really? You smoke tobacco out of a glass pipe?


One of my favorites is when he was running for reelection, which he eventually won after got outta jail. Yes. They asked these people, do you have a problem with the fact that the mayor used to smoke crack? They interviewed this guy on the street. He goes, oh, everybody smoke a little crack every now and then. I was like, oh, this conversation's over, this conversation's over. That's it's, I remember the times and I was in there one time.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Tax season is always stressful. You have to worry about filing on time, making sure you have all the right documents and getting all the deductions you possibly can. It's overwhelming. And by now, I know we're all sick of looking at numbers, but here's an important one that you should hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much money in refunds the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Here's another 20%. That's the overall increase in identity theft related tax fraud in 2024 alone. So luckily it isn't all bad news. Here's the good number. 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialists will fix it. That's backed by another good number. The million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed. Or your money back don't face identity theft and financial losses alone. There's strength in numbers with LifeLock identity theft protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use the promo code jr e or go to lifelock.com/jre for 40% off terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Visit Myrtle Beach. If you're dreaming of a beachy summer escape, then head to the beach in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You'll find 60 miles of stunning coastline, hundreds of attractions to explore. And the south's newest foodie hotspot. It's where you play hard and beach easy. You belong at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Start planning your summer adventure@visitmyrtlebeach.com.


Pete Rose, Bobby Kelly, Ricky Gervais. Right. And fucking Pete Rose called me. He goes, you look like some rat face soccer player. Whatever. He said it was very funny. Whatever Pete Rose said was very fucking funny. So I walk over to Bobby, then I walk past Bobby and I walk past Pete Rose and I sit down and Pete Rose says, why you outta breath? I go, 'cause I had to walk around you two. You fat fucks. Right. But, and sova. But you could say anything you wanted, anything on that show.


Yeah. And it didn't, It Yeah, because I never went on it until it went to xm. You know, I was never on it with no on terrestrial radio. When they got, they got kicked off terrestrial radio and then they got on xm. And when they were on xm it was wild. They were j it was like the first time it was like, there was Howard when Howard got on XM or Sirius, I guess. Yeah. First before they merged. And then the ONA show was on xm. Like, this is fucking cra This is crazy. This was like, what ra? This is basically green room talk. Green room talk for the whole world. Well, okay, so I brought Patrice into ONA. Did you really? Yeah, I brought him in. Wow. He fucking smashed me the day I walked him in, because we went to the back, we went through this way there he goes, what do you think?


This is good fellas. You walked me through the back. You couldn't take me through the front door. So he became a fixture on, yeah. So one day we're in fucking ONA and I'm driving this little Porsche boxer. He's driving this big Escalade. 'cause you know, he's a fucking, you know, buffet molester. And he's in this, so he's saying he's trashing one of my rolexes going, you're a fucking selfish douche bag driving a Porsche to me going, yeah. So you can't have people, you know, and I'm not thinking, well, maybe if you didn't eat fucking pound cake or whatever, you wouldn't eat a big S. But he's beating me down bad.


I mean, fucking killing me. I'm speechless. Right. Speechless. He's fucking just pounding me. And I, I walk out there, I'm fuck. So the next day or two days later, I go online and he's trashing my car. And I look at the price of my car new and the price of his car. And I send it to him. I go, look, my shitty car costs more than your car new. And he calls me, he goes, you are still thinking about this. He goes, really? You're thinking about it right now? Yes. Still To this day, you're arguing with him. No, I'm not. I could have. I shoulda I would.


He, we would, I would drive him home. One night I was driving him back to Jersey City and like I had go to the bathroom and we're walking up to his house and he says, oh man, I don't have a manager, an agent. Nothing's going on. I go, I can't get work. I don't have an agent either. Nothing. And we just both started cracking up and walking. It was the funniest thing. We fuck it. I get, we were, we were reading for the head of a sitcom for a, b, C, me and Patrice. We were gonna be the leads of the sitcom.


So we go into the head of casting at Marcy Phillips and he doesn't want to be there. And I can't act. So basically I'm not a good at the time. So he won't take his face out of the fucking copy. And I'm trying to read with him the scene and he won't look at me. And Marcy Phillips is yelling at me going, what are you doing? I go, this fucking guy won't connect with me. How can I act with somebody that won't look at me? And she goes, can you two please leave? We laughed all the way down the hallway. We laughed. We just got kicked out of an audition as the leads of sitcom.


And we just cracked up all the way. 'cause it just, to us was the funniest. Well, also being funny in the moment, The idea of you getting a sitcom was so unlikely. Yes. It was always all so unlikely that when it failed. Like, if you want an audition And it fucked up, you're like, eh. Yeah. It wasn't gonna happen anyway. You never thought this is going to be It. Yeah. Never once. No, never, never. I walked out of, I walked out of an audition once. I just got back from Aspen. I had a lot of heat in Aspen. But I, this is when my anxiety, I have, I've had anxiety my whole life. 21. I was hospitalized for anxiety when I was 20. And they didn't know what it was. They thought you were just nuts and gave you Thorazine and how doll, and you shuffled around like a crazy man.


This is, you know, So explain to me what it feels like. What, what is this anxiety like? Well, that you would now, When I had it be hospitalized, when I had it bad. Well, I felt so disconnected that even when I talked, it felt, felt like an echo almost. Like I was outside of myself. Right. Like, if I look in the mirror, I'm going, who am I looking at? It was just so Oh, wow. So disconnected. And you were 21? Yeah, 21. Wow. Smoking pot and stuff. Oh, That's it. Well, some of it was probably, where am I going in life? Yeah. What am I doing? And you're getting high. And I'm getting high. Which is like, you know, If you're freaking out and you get high, You know. So I have To pee right now?


No. Why to you? Because you said you have to go to the bathroom. You were talking about your story then. Okay. Oh, because I was like preparing to like, cut it off and let you go to the Bathroom. Okay. No, no, no, no. This is the best day my life. Were okay. I, except for the fucking map. Map was great. The map turned out great. It Turned out a good little conversation I got, you know. Sure. I had a talk, a fucking list. Thank God. It's Monday, Thursday. The Thursday ones are so much better. I'm Monday. So my anxiety, wait, what was, what did it feel like? Or what Yeah, What was like, when you say it overwhelmed you to the point you had to go to the hospital, was your heart beating?


I was just, I didn't know what was going on it. It turned into panic or whatever. Right. Like, I was so fucked up. My friends, you know, I was going, I, I was selling meat and seafood out of a car, out of a truck. Some businesses back then. I went and this therapist, I go help me. I'll give you some free steaks and seafood. And I was just outta my fucking mind. And I get anxiety talking about it. It really gives you a little, an so my friends go, let's take him to Florida. He needs a vacation. We drove to Florida. I was there for a day. I said, I gotta get the fuck outta here. Take me home. And we drove there and drove back. Then I checked into the hospital, the fifth floor, basically for fucking cuckoos, cuckoos.


'cause they really didn't know what anxiety was back then. They isn't That crazy. 'cause that's not that long ago in human history. Well, I mean, it was 40 something years ago. But Isn't it nuts, just like in the last 40 years, how much they've learned? Well, yeah, but also too, it's easier to say he's, that person's nuts. Give him thine thine how, whatever. Right. Anti-psychotic drugs or all. And, and I swear to God, you know, my day was, and then I would shuffle, I would shuffle around the, the floor, the hospital with this girl, we just sh I mean, this one girl, we shuffled, my friends came up to see me and I'm like, I can't see you today.


We're going for a walk. You know? I was like, one flew or the coza, I was fucking outta my mind. So That could have been you for the rest of your life. Oh, Jesus. So, you know, I know well people, because I did do acid in my day and people sometimes do that shit. Never come back. Never come back. Never come back. Yeah. And I saw that on Dragnet, so. Well, It's in real life. Yeah, it is real life. Stearns talked about that. Yeah. He did a big dose of acid once and he was fucked up for a long time. It'll fuck you up. There's a guy from Pink Floyd that disappeared. Oh, I know. I hope it's fucking Roger Waters. No. What's how dare You. How dare I How dare you. The guy, what's his name again?


Shine on you crazy. Crazy diamond. Oh, you mean he did as ass interest? Yeah. It's not just one person. There's been a lot of people that had an asen trip and just never Came back. Yeah. My my brother did it when we were doing, he was real young. He was having a bad trip and I had to babysit him the whole day. Yeah. It's fucking scary. Yeah. That, that's it. David Gilmore. So Written by David Gilmore, but it's not, it's about, who was it about Sid Barrett. That's right. Sid Barrett did acid went crazy. See, right there. Departed from the ban in 1968 after dealing with the mental health problems and substance abuse. The story is he never came back.


It's crazy how, how that's the most, that drug is so uncontrollable. Well, also you like, what's the dose of an effective dose is a droplet on your tongue. Which is crazy. Well, we were doing blotter or window pane, four way window pane. Who's making, making That They're not making in the same labs or they're making Tylenol, you know. No, they make it in some fucking grateful dead basement Also. Oh, too much goes into that drop. Yeah. So I, I got out of the hospital and for years, oh, I don't know, however long it took, it passed. Life started getting better, whatever. Okay, Then.


And I would get anxiety. It would come and go. But back then, well, I didn't know what it was. It turned into panic. And so then when I was 40, I would watch my kids after I got divorced, I would have my kids every day. I would work nights. And I watch my, I guess four and 6-year-old. My wife would either drop 'em off or I would pick 'em up, then drop 'em off. I would have them in a day. My day was my kids, whatever. Go to the park. Do this, do that. Just watch my kid. So then they went off to school full time.


You know, nursery first grade. So now I'm b at 40 years old, living in some fucking third floor apartment. Divorced from my first wife bouncing off of fucking walls again. Mm. I mean, fucking 40 years old. No oldest. No. Just, I'm, I'm going, I gotta quit comedy. I gotta go into the psych ward. I'm fucked up. This is fucked up. So I found this therapist who was also, and I was already sober. I found this therapist that was in recovery and he basically brought me back, you know, some medication through his partner who was a psychiatrist.


He was a therapist. Great. I could talk, I could say anything to him. Whatever. You know. And then it just got better. And then I realized and worked, knowing whatever anxiety I feel it'll pass. Nothing lasts forever. It'll pass. Like I had a little anxiety for the last week thinking about this. I go, what? You know, really? A little bit because, and we're friends and I've done podcasts and what Bonnie goes, shut up and be funny. Be whatever. You know, a million things went through my fucking head.


'cause I mean, shit, you've had fucking Trump on Elon. You know what I mean? And, and that's my low self-esteem. 'cause of course I should be doing everything in my mind. Do you see what I'm saying? Does that make sense? But even when I did tough crowd, I was on 30 times every episode. I had anxiety till it started. Every special or everything I've ever done. Anxiety for the first second, I walk out, boom. Gone. All right. It's just, well That's 'cause you care. I mean, you're, what you're calling anxiety is just nerves. Yeah. Let see, when, whenever there's, if you're doing something that's difficult or something that's important to you, you're gonna have nerves.


That's normal. It's healthy. That's, that shows you're challenging yourself, which is yeah. One of the most important things you can do in life to, to stay vibrant. You know, you have to challenge Yourself. When I did the Trump, when we roasted Trump, this was a Friar's Roast, right? It wasn't, it's when they broke away from Comedy Central. Right. They broke away. So it's at Hilton in New York. 2000 people, anybody that meant anything in New York from club owners, agents, managers, celebrities, they were all there.


So the first act goes up, this guy, Stewie Stone, old time Catskill comic, he kills like no one I've ever seen Kill on a rose. Fuck you Trump. Fuck your casinos. Fuck you, fuck the just fucking slaughtered. Right? And I'm sitting on the desk, I'm sitting next to Isaac Case, ope and Anthony were there. My father, his wife Bonnie before I married her. And, and he, I go, I'm gonna end my career. I go, I'm gonna end my career here. Okay. Then Susie Esman goes up, slaughters slaughters, I guess Amaro wrote her some funny jokes.


And she, and she's great at Roast. And I was ready to sneak off the fucking just leave. I go, it might be better if I leave than go up. Well then Beller went up, huh? So took a little wind outta the room, took a little, you know. Yeah. So re, Regis Fillman was the host. It was three weeks after Ronnie Dangerfield died. Three weeks. They introduced me. I go big hand for Regis. Originally they asked Rodney to host, but he said he'd rather be dead.


Right. Zero, almost zero. Right. Really. Right. But I got him back. I go, don't fuck with me. I'll bring Belzer back. Right. I had, and then Al Sharpton was sitting on the DAUs, I can't believe I said this, but back then it was okay. He wasn't roasting, but he was on the DAUs. And that's when he was running for president. And I said, the only way you'll get on the White House property is with a lantern in your hand. I said to him, so fuck him. I didn't care. And then I got 'em back. Three of the jokes that I said were the ones that were printed in this, in, in the newspapers.


You know, the one I did, I go, Trump, the reason Trump puts his names on his buildings is so the banks know which ones to take back. And that was 20 years ago, but it was the most terrifying moment. One that next to doing Def Jam as the first white guy was one of the most terrifying moments in my, I mean, I'm going, I'm gonna end my career, but Def Jam, you know, Def Jam was on for five years. The number one show on HBO. I go, okay, we're gonna use a white guy. It's me. Right? So now I got white comics. You better be funny. I have black white comics are saying that to you. You represent us.


Yeah. Really? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It was Which ones? I just, I wanna know who they, 20, 20 years ago, the white comics that were doing black rooms back then. Oh, I see. You know what I mean? Then there was black comics mad that I'm doing it and they're not, You know what I mean? So they're taping in New York every five nights. This is funny. Five nights. Was that when they were filming in Harlem? It was, it could have been. I don't know. It was in New York, five nights at some theater. Okay. And it was the year I did it the fifth year when they had a different guest host every night. Like Martin Lawrence wasn't one night, one show. Chris Rock, Chappelle, Jamie Fox, and Steve, what's his name?


Harvey. Harvey was my host. You know, so I'm going every night. I mean, I'm waiting one night. And it was, this is so funny. Like guy, guy Tory would come out and do the warmup and he would say, listen, this is not the Apollo. There's no fucking booing here. This is HBO, we don't boo. Right? This is, this is a whole nother level that we don't want hear any boo. So this comic comes out, he walks out and with a black audience, if you're wearing the wrong sneakers, you're in trouble. Believe me, I used to do a lot of these. You know, he comes out in like Reebok, he's wearing an all gold suit.


And his first joke in New York is, I just wanna say, I'm not from New York. I'm from Canada. Right? Oh, no. He's bombing so bad. And when a black audience can't boo you, all you heard in the room was Mm mm mm Child. It was brutal. So I'm on, now they're taped five nights, two shows a night. I'm on the last night, second show, and I go second to last.


Now all the comics that were still in town, that were the celebrity hosts, all the com were, were at the taping. I'm going, this is one of the scariest moments of my life. I mean, you know, no white guy, Steve Harvey brings me out. He goes, well, our next act is something we haven't seen or special, whatever. And Russell made me wear his clothing. I got Fat Farm on, and these baggy pants, you know, and I look back on it 'cause it was 25 years, it would be different. I was pan, I pandered a lot to some ex, You know what I mean?


Right. I did grow up in that neighborhood. Okay. But I'm out like this and all, you know? Right. And it, it worked out luckily. But I look back and go, I would never do that now from 25 years ago, the pandering and, and yo you know, just, just, you know, talking like I'm fucking from the hood and shit, you know? Right. And I had a good set. It worked out, but it was the second scariest moment in my career. But listen to what you just said. Both scariest moments of your career worked out great. Yes. They always, yeah. So wouldn't that eventually build some confidence?


Oh, I have Confidence. Okay. It Doesn't sound like it. Oh no. I'm just telling you. Scary moments. And listen, you, you, you always gotta question yourself. Right. In this business, because you wanna get better. You wanna, eh, you just, I don't know. I question myself. I go, I have, and not, again, not an ego. I have a reputation to live up to, Okay. Of, Of the stuff I've done in this business. Right. So I, I come out and people are going, look Bobby, Bobby and Keith we're at the Cellar one night.


I go, I got a spot at the underground. They go, we're gonna come over and watch you Bomb. That sounds like Keith, Keith and Bobby. Right? So, so Nikki's Nikki Glazer's on Killing, killing. Not the cleanest but funny. I don't give a fuck what somebody, she's funny. And she was killing. So I, I went on and my first two jokes, I I, I had they killed and I go see Bobby, see Keith, I can follow anybody. Right. Right. Well then I didn't know this. They went into the back corners of the room and after every joke they would go, oh, oh.


And they had the whole audience turn on me going, what's going on? I would say a joke That might have been a little edgier. And they would go, oh, real loud. And so the whole audience is going, what's this guy doing up there? They're groaning here. One table goes, what's going on here? And I'm fucking bombing now. 'cause these two fucking jam oaks are in the back of the room going, oh my God. So funny. It's so fucking funny. Bobby and Keith. Well, that was the culture. The culture of Comic Ghost was like constant busting balls.


Constant busting balls. We, somebody would go on stage and we would all go downstairs and sit in like the front row and watch. That's the, there's nothing worse you could do for a comic. And your friend sit in the front row and stare at you. You're like, what are you doing, man? When, when Kevin Hart was leaving New York to go to fucking la, he threw himself a little go away fucking show at Boston Comedy. You remember Boston Comedy, right? Sure. So he's on stage, pontificating doing whatever. And I don't know why, but me, Keith and Patrice were in the back of the room And it was like 10 phone books back there.


And he's up. And we started throwing phone books at him. Phone books. Yeah. They were just in the club from, I guess they were delivered there. Phone. All these phone. And we're throwing phone books at Kevin Hart. And he says, on interval, he goes, I knew I was accepted when they were throwing phone books at me. I knew I was part of the crew, you know, but we were just heaving phone books at him. Like fucking three assholes in the back of the woods room. I mean, and we would just, it was just fun. It was probably the most fun I've had in comedy when we would just stand out.


Me, Patrice, Keith and Norton till three and four in the morning in front of Boston. Just trashing each other. Just talking shit. Yeah. Just, you can't replicate that. It can't happen again. It was just so funny. Keith is, he's fun if you see him around, you know, or Norton or Bobby. But it was so much fun. I heard Keith is killing it now. Even with his strokes. He's special. We were at the tape. And the fact that he didn't win an me, it's, it was so fucking good. His special, he painted a picture when he was talk, you could see everything he was saying.


Mm. Him in the hospital, him with a stroke. And it was so good. We walked, I walked outta there going, this is the best thing I've ever seen. It was so good. Wow. He was so good. You know, I don't know why he didn't. I mean, it's, You know, who gives a fuck about the Emmys? Yeah. Yeah. Who fuck off. Everybody knows how good it was. All Those fucking awards, award shows for art to me, are some of the most ridiculous things. Yeah. Really? How many fucking albums? Oh, I don't even want to say her name, but they, they don't know. They don't know. Funny. It doesn't matter. You're right. It doesn't, It's just a industry way that they can celebrate each other. And then they put on a show and the show generates money and they make a bunch of money from the show.


And then it becomes a thing. They hold over your head. Maybe You can win a Grammy, maybe You can win an Emmy. Maybe you can win a this, you gotta be a part of the club. Like, look what happened to Chris. He wanted to be a part of that group doing the Oscars. And he get smacked by Will Smith. They don't arrest him. And then 10 minutes later, or whatever it was, what Smith's on stage receiving the Academy award, they gave him a standing ovation though. It's fucking insanity. That just, that is Hollywood. That, that shows you what these people are to want. Their love and their respect is pointless. It's so true. They don't even know what they like, they like what everybody, everybody tells 'em to. Like, they don't understand what they're support. They don't, they, it's just a bunch of people wanting to be a part of the group.


That's the ingroup. Like, what do we have to do? What do I have to say? What do I have to agree with? That's all it is Years ago. And it's true. If that was Chappelle, he wouldn't have smacked Chappelle. 'cause Chappelle's a little cut a little bigger, you Know? Well, I don't know. The whole thing was crazy. That poor guy. Yes. One move, he does one move. Now everybody remembers nothing But that forever. But what? Fuck I am legend. Fuck Ali. All those different things he did that were awesome. Nobody cares anymore. He is like, that's the guy that smacked You're Christopher every day. He's gotta wake up in the morning. Go fuck that one thing. Fuck the truth. If he hadn't done that, if he just ate it. And by the way, not even bad jokes, nothing. The mo gi Jane, like this is the most fucking, that was a powerful movie.


It was a great movie. Yeah. But a strong woman, like, it's not even an really an insult. It was just silly to smack a guy like that. And then that's your thing forever. People are gonna remember that. Yeah. Crazy. Yeah. Crazy Blunders. You know, and that probably comes from not having anxiety by the way. That comes from having too much confidence. Confidence Too much. Too much. Yeah. Too, too much of a belief in yourself. Too much of a belief ego. Yes. And your own importance that you can interrupt this entire enormous award show, the biggest award show in the industry that you're set up to receive a fucking academy award in about an hour or whatever it was. You're, you're gonna go up there and smack a guy on tv.


Why would you do that? Because he doesn't have that anxiety. So your anxiety shields you from doing Something like that. Stupid shit. Yeah. The fear and the, like, the insecurity sometimes is good, sometimes is good for you. Keep like the lack of insecurity could be the worst thing if You're too cocky. Yeah. That it's, yeah. They say be humble. Yeah. Be humble. You know? And I thought Chris handled it as well as he, what, what's he can do? What can he do? What Can he do? What, what can he do other than like run off the stage. Yeah. Which he probably should have just walked off after he got smacked, because try to keep going. Yeah. He's, I worked with him on both Oscars.


He hosted it and he is the nicest guy on the planet. If you, I guess if you're wor I don't know, just from working with him, you know. Yeah. He's A very nice guy. Guy. He's, he's a nice guy at Also, he's harmless. Like, you can't, can't smack a harmless person. That's Crazy. Yes. I'll tell you what, if that was Tony, there would've been a fight. If that was Tony Rock, there would've been a fight up there. Oh Yeah. Yeah. Tony. Oh yeah. Well, Tony went off on, on stage like right afterwards about it. Yeah. Tony's a different dude. But Chris like, is like, Almost, if it was anybody but Chris, you know, I mean, you can't do that to anybody else. It's cra If you did it to Kevin Hart, Kevin Hart would crack him. Yeah. The whole thing is crazy.


It was crazy. It didn't make any sense, eh, it's like the guy's in some sort of a very bizarre relationship with his wife. Yeah. And you know, whatever internal conflicts they have just manifested itself in a terrible decision that he made. If, If he would've sm if he would've said that about my wife, I would've smacked her and said, laugh. Laugh. What? It was funny. It's funny, it's funny, funny, funny. Come on. Yeah. She, but you know, not being able to take a joke is one of the worst qualities that people can have. Well, Holly, do you not want, do you take yourself so seriously when then when someone says something funny, you can't laugh as well. That's crazy. You're missing out on laughs Well, you're missing out on, you are your, your own joy.


Like you should have joy about someone making fun of you. And you're great at that. Yeah. You're great at that. It's one of the best things about you on ONA is that when they would crack on you, you would laugh. Yeah. It's, it's so important. They were good jokes. Yeah. They were funny. They were they on time jokes. Yeah. And if I was at times lucky enough to come back with something, then I would, if not, then I sucked it the last time. I did kill Tony a couple weeks ago, and I told a joke and Tony goes, that's the oldest joke in history. And I go, yeah, I wrote it. So, okay, so shut the fuck up. But it was going, it was a great episode because he fucked with me and I took it.


It's Not, well kill Tony's one of the only places left where that kind of fucking with people Yeah. Is like openly encouraged. Yeah. That, that kind of fucking with people is like, I mean, and Tony's the best roaster on the fucking planet. He's quick. He's he's an, He's like Norton, He's so quick. You think he just like Norton. He's so quick. You think he wrote it in advance? Yeah. He's quick and it's off the cuff. And he does it all the time. He does it in the green room. He does it everywhere he goes. Well, But here's the thing too. He's done that show for, what, 10 years or more? Yes. He's built that muscle in his head where Boom. Yep. Yep. Quick. It it, it's automatic that something's gonna come back, you know? Well When you host a show like that too, you understand the rhythm of the show, the beats of it.


Yeah. You know, like, and he's so good at letting other people shine, you know? That's what Yeah. He's really good at. Like, he wants you to do well. He wants, he doesn't feel upstaged if Shane comes on as Trump. Yeah. Or when Kyle was doing, Kyle did RFK Junior and he also did Elon Musk and then who? Kyle Dunnigan. Yes. Yeah. He's so good. Fucking brilliant. He's so good. That guy is Fucking brilliant. So good. He's so funny. He's so fucking funny. Yeah. And then he had Adam Ray who did? Dr. Phil was fucking amazing. And Biden, it's crazy. I did show so good. I did kill Tony twice with Adam Ray. And he's fun to be with one, they love him.


Yeah, they love him. But he laughs and gives you your dude too. Like, yeah, I've done radio with jva. JVA is a big laugher if you say something funny. Yes. He will laugh and crack up. You know what I mean? And you gotta have that even. It's just, if it's funny, you know, they don't, they don't get jealous or get mad and go, I'm gonna outdo that. They laugh and, well, the people That do suck, no one, no one who does that is any good. What's that? No one who does that is any good. No one's like, oh, I gotta Get, I gotta do better than him. That's, yeah. It's stupid. You're missing out on the whole thing. Like, that's not what We're doing. It's a show. Exactly. It's a show. It's, it's whatever. Hey, I gotta piss.


Let's come back. We'll go right back.


This episode is brought to you by OnX Hunt with over 5 million users. Hunter's love the OnX Hunt app, including me. I use it all the time. But this app has so many more uses outside of hunting. There are people who use it in their everyday lives. Some farmers and ranchers use it for measuring fields and fixing fences or wildland firefighters who use topo maps and aerial imagery to navigate terrain while fighting fires. There is even thousands of game wardens and police officers who use it throughout the country for their jobs every day. Ultimately, anyone who needs good aerial imagery with public and private landowner names and boundaries in the palm of their hands will find OnX valuable. The best part is you can try Onyx Hunt free for seven days. Download on Google. Play the app store or visit onyx maps.com/hunt.


This episode is brought to you by Carnivores Snacks. You know, I'm all about authentic fuel and Carnivores Snacks delivers made with just two ingredients, pure meat and Redmond real salt. It isn't your typical jerky full of additives or heavy marinades. You get exactly what you pay for. Nutrient dense, 100% grass fed beef that tastes real. These aren't cheap, tough cuts like you might expect. Carnivore snacks uses price selections like Rib Eye and New York Strip offering a unique texture that's a perfect blend of slight chew and an airy crisp. Each five ounce bag begins with nearly a full pound of meat before drying. Make it robust enough to serve as a full meal or as just a snack. I bring 'em to the UFC all the time. It's what I eat when I'm there and I'm stuck sitting at the, the desk for six hours and I bring 'em for Daniel Cormier too. We both love them. Plus, carnivore Snacks is a pro-America brand supporting US farmers who practice regenerative agriculture, a method that restores soil nutrients and boosts ecosystems. And that means better meat for you, better care for the animals, and better land stewardship. Visit www.carnivoressnacks.com. That snacks with an X to pick up your favorite cuts of meat today and use the code Rogan for 15% off your first purchase.


So I heard you heard the the stem cell. I can't do stuff for a couple weeks. You can do things golf. Yeah, for sure. With a stem cell. Yes, Of Course. If it gets shot into me Wednesday. What's tomorrow? Tuesday. Tuesday. Tuesday. Yes. I could play golf Thursday. Yes. What about the BPC? Yes. Oh really? Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. You just can't lift heavy weights For while. Oh, I'm not gonna lift heavy weights. That's All it is. Just, just don't tear it apart while it's building back up. That's the whole idea. Don't aggravate it while you're, does that hurt when you do that? No. Then don't worry about It. Not Really. You'll be fine a little. No, no.


Well, you should be doing rehabilitation. You should have already, I'm looking at your shoulders right now. They look, they fall apart on their own. You gotta, you gotta exercise. If you're having injuries with your shoulders and the muscles around them and people are telling you to strengthen 'em, you should listen to those people. They're right. Well, No, I, listen, I went to physical therapy for my back And it, and it's work and what I done. So why wouldn't you do it for your shoulder? Because I was waiting to do this shit first. That would help. All of it would help. Oh, the more muscle you have around your shoulder, the better it is for It was. Sure. It was only two or three weeks ago. He said, go to physical therapy. I go, well, he wanted to cut my shoulder. I said, I'm not cutting it. I'm gonna try the BPC and the stem cell. So You can definitely heal soft tissue injuries without surgery.


The the real issue is when tendons are separated and they need to be re re-put back in place and reconnected. That's the real issue. Well, a lot of people tore rotator cuffs. Oh yeah. Tear. Tear rotator cuffs. Yeah. I had a tear torn rotator cuff. I think I did it. I was doing upright rows with 50 pound kettlebells. And I think that was too heavy or too much. You got a trainer Rich. Huh? Got a trainer. I'm, I'm doing all right. I mean, I know how to work out. Get someone No better. Obviously you need some help. Nothing wrong with a little bit of help. Fuck. Look. Do you wanna get better or not? Yes.


Okay. Professional. You're saying get a trainer for my shoulder or for my whole, For your shoulder. For everything. For all of it. So someone show you how to do it right. So you're not hurting yourself. Well, I think I'm doing triceps and biceps. Right. I know I am. I'm doing lacks right. Show me the guns. Well, they're not. Then how do you think you're doing 'em right? They're not bad. That's ridiculous. What small? It's tiny. Oh, listen, It's there. I mean, I can see it. It's hard. Is It? My chest is nice. You want me to do my chest? Do you wanna see my chest? No, I'm good. I'll take My chest Out. No, no, no, no. There's no no reason. My latch And traps are good. Okay. For look for almost 68.


I think I look better than most people I went to school with. That's good. I think, I think, look, I work out all the time, but I maintain Okay. I maintain it. I'm not, I Feel like a therapist. I feel like I'm helping you through your life. You are helping me. From the moment you got in here, you Are helping. I feel like I'm, I'm, I'm helping to guide you. No, get a fucking professional that knows how to work out and build yourself back up to the point where you don't, not having these kind of injuries. Yeah. And rehabilitate it like correctly. Like when they tell you to do physical therapy in your shoulder. Fucking do it. I'm gonna do it. I want this. Fuck. Then You waited three weeks. You're 68. You only have a few years left. Let's fix It. So then what the fuck? Come on.


You not only have a few years, so well do It. You want a few years left in fucking working order. Fucking listen, Bonnie. I mean, You should listen to Bonnie. You right. I'm gonna fucking, I try. Do you think I'm never gonna get my arms bigger than that? That's ridiculous. Of course you could. At 68 you can get your arms bigger. Yeah. 100%. Yeah. The reason why your arms exist at all is 'cause your tissue's regenerating. Your tissue is your, your healing. And you're getting better. Yeah. You 100% can get stronger.


100% no. If ands or buts about it, you get stronger. I have nice latch and chest. You could be 87. Yeah. It still get stronger. As long as you're alive, you can get stronger. 'cause if your heart beats, if your hormones work, if You can move around, that means your body can repair itself. Well, I, I won't do what is it that gets you hard vial? No, no. The Cialis harm. No, not the drug that makes you Testosterone. Yeah. Testosterone. What's it called? Testosterone.


You won't do that. Well because it's, it, it it, it makes it, it leads to prostate cancer. No, it doesn't. That's what my doctor told Me. Your doctor's wrong. He died. That's incorrectly. Your doctor's an idiot. He's dead. He died two years ago. He's a dead idiot. He died Two. No, he doesn't do I have, he doesn't know the real studies. Like there's a guy named Brigham Bueller who runs ways too Well, who could explain the flaws in that study that showed that it gave people prostate cancer. Look, people get prostate cancer. Testosterone's not giving you prostate cancer. But it's like across the board, the same percentage of people that take testosterone or don't take testosterone, get prostate cancer. There's probably a ton of variables. A lot of it has to do with diet.


A lot of cancer has to do with diet. Fuel of cancer is sugar. Do you eat a lot of sugar? I stopped for a year. I'm back. I'm gonna get back on let's, I eat pretty fucking good for the last month and a half. I haven't for the last and I for a year. Yeah. There's environmental factors, there's genetic factors, there's a lot of different things. But you know, if you wanna take care of yourself, testosterone will actually make your body heal better. You'll feel better. You'll have more energy. Your immune system will function better. Everything will work better. You should have your hormones balanced. Like this is, we live in a time where you can get a full blood panel and find out where your nutrient levels are.


And if you do it with a good doctor, what they'll do is they'll adjust your diet and your nutrients first. And then see like in a couple months what your levels are then. And then find out how much are you sleeping? Are you sleeping Right? Bad. Okay. Well, there's a problem there because then your body's not recovering. So you've gotta figure out a way to adjust something in your life to make you sleep better. And then after that, once they get everything all worked into its optimum range, you're doing all the right things to go. What's, what are your levels now? Okay, well we'll add a little, add a little bit of testosterone peptides. That'll increase your body's ability to promote growth hormone. There's stuff like soin, it makes your body produce more growth hormone. So like your body repairs itself better like when you're younger.


So there's all rigorous science behind all this stuff. It's all this many. I'll get Brigham to explain it to you. He'll do a much better job than me. Who's that? The guy tomorrow? He's the guy who owns waste. Well, yeah, he's been on the podcast. He's testifying in front of Congress. And my Bring, I'll bring the disc with Bring the maps too. He'll love the maps. Let me tell you something about these maps. These maps. I printed this shit out. I see. I Looks like your printer needs ink First. Pretty dull. Listen to me, listen to me. Fix your eyes. Lemme tell My eyes. Work pretty good. You wanna see some other statistics I got. All right. Oh, what else you got? No, I, I don't wanna get into this. Please don't. Did You see the, those girls land today? The blue origin? They shot that metal dick up into space.


Yeah. People were mad. They wouldn't let the ladies drive. Katie Perry and someone else. Katie Perry, Lawrence Sanchez, Jeff Bezos's wife. If, if that thing blew up and if Jeff, Jeff Bezos's wife blew up with it, Twitter thinks that the capsule's too clean. They don't think it was real. Obviously. Of course, Twitter. Twitter doesn't think space is real. There's a whole community out there. Hashtag space is fake. Yeah. Oh yeah. There's really retarded. People think the earth is flat and that there, there's a firmament. Look at that. Yeah. They think birds aren't real. Did they land? Is it over? Yeah. Yeah. They did it. Yay. How'd they land in the ocean? Not in The desert. How long, how do they land?


They golf for parachutes. They land with parachutes. Yeah. So the thing lands with the parachute. I'll show You video. Hold on. Oh yeah. Lemme see. I wanna see the video. Oh, that's them in the middle of the desert. Wow. One second. Now it doesn't, it's got, it looks different than That. That has to be crazy. That is, would you do that Rich? What? Would you go to space? What? Probably not, I don't think Get You think you'd get anxiety if you want space. I don't even like Ferris wheels. Well, those two stakes are very different. Is that it? You know what? Let's see the landing. Oh, of Course. People get their stuff In there. How, how long did they go for? Very soft. Soft landing.


Look at this. Here it is. Imagine from space. And the only thing we got to land you is a parachute. Like one of the oldest technologies. Wow. You can hear 'em in there. Blue screaming. Wow. How long, how long were they up there? I don't Know. Not long. Isn't it funny that they screamed? Do you think the men would scream like that? Would you and I scream like that if we landed? Well, I don't know about you, but I know me. Look at that one. No, look at that. Go back. The one below it. I'll tell you what I'll never do is clap. When a pilot lands You don't Do that.


That's his fucking job. It's true. What if it's a female pilot? You're like pH I wouldn't have got on the plane. No, that's There's a bunch of them in a row where I was like, Jesus Christ. The Delta one in Canada where it flipped upside down. Yeah. Can you imagine? The lady just started landing planes recently? Like Yeah. Take that one out in the icy runway. Here's 30,000. No, I'll wait for the lawsuit. Blue Origin declined to say how much the flight cost or who paid for it Trip came two months before Sanchez and Bezos to marry in Venice. Oh. They're gonna marry in Venice in two months. Oh, they haven't married yet. Oh, okay. I thought they were already married. That's hilarious. They're gonna do it in Venice.


Oh, how beautiful and romantic. Wow. Yeah. Quit. You can't tell people how much it costs. 'cause then there's gonna be retards like that money could have housed so many houseless, so many unhoused could've benefited How many poor people. Yeah. There's like these fucking retards. Like if Elon Musk gave a million dollars to everyone on earth, you'd have money left over. There's all these mathematicians out there that are Fucking Constantly want to comment on other people's money and how convenient and, And those people would fuck up that money too. Yeah. You know, It's all the rich people or the problem. Not me. I'm rich, but I'm not as rich as the richest people.


So everybody richer than Me is a Problem. Oh, fucking house Joke. All these people, all these fucking people, he's the one. Yes, I own three homes, but how about United States? Senator and I would, there worth millions and millions of dollars, But that everyone richer than me is the problem. Ugh. It's a rich, rich, rich people. Not the regular, regular rich. Oh, that tour, there's so many him and a OC Wondering. Yeah. Tax the rich. Remember she had that fucking dress. You wore tax the rich. How about fuck off? What are you gonna do with the taxes? That's the problem. When, when Doge is uncovering $250 million that was spent on animal transgender studies where you're fucking chopping the dicks of mice and turning 'em into pussies.


It's fuck off, fuck off with your tax. The rich. How about you fix the world without taxing the shit outta everybody? How About yeah. Get rid of that. I, there's other ways. I can't even tell you what I sent the other day to the IRS. It just fucking, and I'm, you know, just a regular fucking, you know, so much money. I'm like, fuck. Well, they're Complaining about Elon. Elon doesn't pay taxes. Elon paid more taxes last year than any human being that has ever walked the face of this nation. That's a fact. So shut the fuck up. I, it's like there's never, it's never enough. Well, I, and people that don't have always look at people that do have, like, You, what you could do with That money?


Well, You can do with your money. You head one 1% in the world. Do You know what it is? If you're a one percenter in the world, what? You know what it is? $34,000 a year. No. Yes. If you make 34, 30 4,000 American dollars a year, you are in the top 1% of planet Earth. Get the fuck out. That's a fact. Oh. Oh. Well 'cause you're comparing it to, to the rest of The Planet. Third planet. All of the planet. Yes. Yeah. Of the whole planet. Of course, most people are dirt poor. Yes. Most people. What? So all this bullshit about well, you could do that money. Well, you're saying that from your fucking Manhattan apartment where you're Ubering all over the place and getting fucking take out shut your mouth.


Listen, when I was in Cabo working there, it was amazing. You drive to the airport, people are living in fucking shacks there. This and that. Yeah. It's, It's horrible. It It, it's horrible. But look, and it's, this sounds narcissistic. I came from a major, major drug addict and I turned my life around. It's, it's all, you gotta find a way to do what you can for yourself. I don't give a fuck where you are. I grew up with dudes from heroin addicts, took people with five kids at fucking 22 or whatever.


And a lot of people made it outta there and found a way to be successful. So Yeah, You can look at it that way. But the point is, like looking at people that are uber successful and telling them what they should do with their money. It's just the dumbest shit. And that's why we don't want to give out how much money it costs to fly this rocket ship into space. Of course it's frivolous and gratuitous. Of course. It's a publicity stunt. They had a bunch of hot ladies, they flew 'em off into space and then they landed. Yay. Now you've been to space, but basically you're in space for like 10 minutes. That's what the flight was. It probably cost a billion dollars to fly people in the space for 10 minutes. Wow. You know how many fucking clubs you could have bought me?


How many golf clubs? How Many golf clubs? That's your thing, right? You're just a fucking inveterate golfer. Right? I love golf. Yeah. You and Jamie, Jamie should show you his setup back there. Yeah. He's got a driving computer with a big screen. I have. I I was hint in, in, in this morning into the screen. I I You bring the screen with you. I just went at the hotel. Really? Yeah. Oh, that's amazing. I yeah. To Thompson. I went down, worked out twice. I shouldn't tell People where you're staying. No, I, I'm not staying there. I went, walked over there. Oh. And used her screen. Really? Yeah. No shit. Yeah. I bought my clubs. Yeah. And plus this isn't live. You and Jamie should fucking have a little driving contest.


I think. Ja, I played before. I played with him and Tony before We played together. Yeah. Yeah. Couple Years ago. Like two years ago maybe. Oh, with me, you and Tony, right? Yep. Oh, You won. Yeah. How good do you play? How good is he, Jamie? I don't recall. I mean, I'm not good either, So it Probably, I shoot anywhere from 82 to I wanna break a club. I don't know what any of those numbers are. 80 Two's pretty good sometimes. I've shot in the seventies now. How is it? Pretty good? Yeah. Very good. Pretty Good. I shot, I played for 18 holes, but Yeah, when I was a kid, the guys who golfed all the time were the guys who weren't paying as much attention to their career. I remember thinking like, a lot of these guys are kind of stagnant because they're golfing all day.


Yeah. They were go all in Boston. Those guys would golf all fucking day long get hammered club that you Grew up with The club? No, guys that I started out with. Oh, the golfers all wound up spending so much time playing golf. I thought it was like, wow, that's a big distraction. You should have some activities. But golf is like it hours. How many hours? Four and a half. That's a lot of hours. It's a lot of hours. But also too, it makes you disconnect from the all the bullshit that's going on. That's a good part. Life. You know, you don't have to deal with whatever, you know. Do you golf with comics too? So you get to talk Some shit? Oh yeah. Some comic. Yeah. I think I'm gonna golf if I can, after I get these shots Thursday with Aaron Berg, I think I'm gonna golf with Him.


Yeah, you definitely can. You You can golf on Thursday for sure. It's golfing is not gonna fuck it up. It'll be sore for a day or two after you get the injections. Yeah, but you'll be fine. We Gotta clean you up. Rich Foss. Clean up your life. Thank you. I we're gonna do it. Check in with me. I'll tell you what to do. I look, I'll show you my chest. Don't do it. I'll show you a picture. I, I don't care. You know. So you're saying from here on? Yeah. You're not saying what, What, what are you gonna, you gonna impress me with your chest? That's crazy. No. Well, you say I got small arms. I gotta say, well, I got a nice shape. But you're telling me They're big. I never once said my arm arms. You Said they're good.


Your triceps and your biceps are good. That's crazy. Oh, listen, let me explain something to you. Okay. Fucking waffle neck. Waffle neck. Is that Bad? No. I call my kids that. What does waffle neck mean? I don't mean just, I call 'em chicken head. Okay. You're right. They're not big, but they're hard. Okay. And and they're not flabby under you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You're not falling apart. I'm not f I'm not some flabby. Yeah. Congratulations. What the fuck? What the, do you want credit for being okay? Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy. No, I, whatever happened to Mr. Pull yourself up by your bootstraps. Get your shit together. What about all that talk?


That's, Hey, you're Barely doing anything. You're like, you're okay. I work out six days a week. I lift. Do You? Yes. I have a nice gym in my basement. Do you think if I worked out with you, I would be, I'd be impressed at the effort that you put forward? Not in the least, not in the saying. I could do. Saying, stop it. I, I do 500 crunches. That's amazing. I do zero. I don't do any crunches. What do You do situps? Yeah, I do a lot of different stuff for X. Yeah. Do you do planks? No. I think planks are nonsense. So Do i I They're uncomfortable. It's hard to do, don't get me wrong. But I think in terms of an exercise for your core, it's kind of nonsense. I think you should do things.


First of all, you should almost always do things that have a range of motion. Like when you're, you're, I like to do things that make my body work as a unit. So all the ab exercise that I do, I do a lot of different things for abs. I do reverse squats. You know what those are? You put your ankles, strap your ankles to a cable machine. You lay on your back and you pull towards you. Oh, I know. I do those. Well, I got one of those machines where I put my knees in it and I pull up to get the bottom. Oh, okay. Yeah. That's good. Those are good. You know what I'm saying? Sure. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Those are good. Anything where you work your whole core, you, and then you gotta also do the opposite side back extensions.


You should do that Back extension. I do it on that thing I showed you, You were showing me. Yeah. I'll do back because, and I, I gotta lose another 10 pounds again. I gained it back during, but it comes and go and, 'cause I have lower disc problems And you know, I'm getting sciatica, so whenever I lose weight, I'm in much better shape. Yeah. I could tell by when, when you got on that stretching machine, the decks thing. Yeah. Your body doesn't go all the way down. It's tight. Oh, your lower back is very tight. Oh. I'll go in there right now and go all the way down. I was just doing it just to No, I'm saying there's tension. Yeah, of course. Do you see how my body hinges?


Yeah. My body just hinges. It just goes down there. There's no tension. Yours is like, you stop like right there. Well, you probably could go all the way down, but your body doesn't want to. The point is there's tension in your lower back. Well, I've never used that machine too. It was my first time. Stop with excuses. Do you stretch? No You don't. On stage, if they need me to do an extra 20 go stretch, I've done it two hours. There you go. If d Uley and I'm middling and he's coming four hours late. Back in the day I was working the Caroline's and I opening her deal And you know, I'm doing all my good stuff up front. Oh no. It's All, and then they have to stretch and they go stretch and I'm going, what am I gonna do now?


Right. He wasn't there yet. No, he wasn't. Oh. That's The worst feeling in the world. Walking in with this. You get all your best material and they're telling you to stretch. Like I don't have. And you're just scouring your Brain, you're scouring your brain. Well, luckily for you, you can work the crowd. Yeah. So I now, what was the question? Am I doing, do I stretch? Yeah. Yeah, I do. For my back. I have this ex I lie down. Yeah. And I, and I pull this back like that. Okay. That's good for my lower back. Sure. Do you know what that is? Do I know what it Is? Do You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I know what you're doing. Yeah. That's for my lower back. Yeah. And I do that. You're crossing your legs and leaning forward. Yeah. And I pull it back. Right. Okay. And then when I'm doing sit up crunches, I'll, I'll do it either on that machine or I'll pull my legs this way too.


So I'm getting my lower. But Once you move, I'm like, oh my God. But that, first of all, I know the crew you have come in here. A lot of 'em. Yeah. None of them work out at all. All right. A Lot of 'em do. Who doesn't work out at all? Name one. No, I don't want name a guy. Ari. Shane. Ari Ari doesn't work out at all. Okay. There's one That's true. Mark Norman. I don't know if Norman works out. Look At him. Does he? Mark Norman definitely works out. Oh, he does. He runs a lot. He runs, he Can do a lot of Pull-ups and sits from audiences. He lo You know what I like talking to Mark? He loves comedy. Oh, he loves it. And he knows the history of it. Comic, but he knows the history of it.


Like he Oh yeah. Like you'll talk to comics now and go, oh, Steve Landisburg was funny. I just, who is that? Or Look at him. Come on man. Of course he works out. Oh shit. He's ripped. He's ripped. I don't like that. How dare You that now you feel bad. Now I bad. You feel that right? It It hurts me to see that. You kidding? You're talking shit and he looks great. Oh fuck. You're Talking shit. He looks like a male model. Show that Again, Jamie. What? He's not holding up a a newspaper. We don't know when that was shot. Who cares when it was shot? You never looked like that. Show me that again. Oh fuck. Whatcha gonna do? Take your clothes off. No, I'm gonna This. Look at the picture. Look at he looks fucking good there. Yeah, he does. He looks good. So does his wife God damnit. Yeah. Look at that. Right there he is.


Got boxing gloves on and an iPhone. He's in shape man. You're incorrect. Alright. Relax. Feel Bad, right? No, I don't. Shame works out. He's here all the time. This is not working out. We work out. Shane works Out. Yeah, he comes in, uses the gym. Where did I put We work out together. Will you put your glasses so you can find your abs? Did I put them? What did I put? Lemme killing you. Come here all listen to me. Fucking You are looking for your glasses. I are You gonna find a photo of you looking good? Yeah. Forget about that. That's the past. No, no. Let's concentrate on now. No, you, let's concentrate on, put away the cookies. Put away the sugar.


Yeah. I listen to your doctor and tells you to rehab your shoulder. Get yourself in shape. I'm not, can't believe we're doing this. You know, people are listening and they can't see this. I I they couldn't see the picture of him either. Yeah, but I mean this, you being on your phone here looking for a photo of back in the day when you looked reasonable. This Was recently. How long ago? What happened? What happened? Oh fuck. Oh, Jesus. Look at you. They look good there. There You Go. Oh, not bad. Okay. You look pretty good right there. What happened? It's not that bad. Now How long ago was this? 2018. Oh, that's pretty recent. That's pretty recent. Yeah.


Pre pandemic. A lot of people fell apart During the pandemic. That's what happened. And then I came back on track for a year, a whole Year And then fell apart again. And then since January when I was in Canada. Oh, Canada Did you? Canada fucked me Up. The got with communism. The got you with communism. That's That's, Yeah. It, it was, They made you eat poutines. It was so, oh, that shit is good. Everybody has pout. Oh, It's so good. It's so late night. Late night. Poutine just, It's just pure heart attack. They have different delis in Canada. Like we used to go to Montreal. Those they, they call it smoked meat. Yeah. It's basically like going to cantors, right? Yeah. Or going to cats in New York.


I've New York. I've been to a couple of those smoked meat. Oh, phenomenal. But you know, if you, I heard, and I know if it's true, and I I you eat too much smoked meat, you can get stomach cancer from that, from all that smoked meat. Who fucking told you that? This guy with stomach cancer? No, not true. No. Smoked meat is not what it is. They, there is some connection between burnt meat, like the carbon and burnt meat and cancer. I think it's co colorectal cancer. But I do not know how robust those studies are. I I, I mean, people have been cooking over fire forever. I just don't, I don't buy it. There's a lot of bullshit involved in these studies that tell you that this causes cancer, that causes cancer.


Here's what 100% causes cancer, herbicides, pesticides, chemicals, forever chemicals that are in your fucking food. That, that paper cup that you're drinking out of when you drink hot liquids out of a paper cup. We gotta throw those fucking paper cups. We have, have you seen what Paul Saladino did when he dissolved a Starbucks cup and shows you what's really at the base of it? It's basically a condom in. So see if you can find Paul Saladino video. Wait, you got all those paper cups? I'll take 'em All. I know. I saw them today. I poured my coffee in this. We're gonna get rid of all our paper cups. I'll take 'em. Paper cups for hot liquids are fucking stupid. Really? 'cause the, the lining of those paper cups is plastic. So you basically pouring hot liquid into plastic, which is the worst.


Okay. Like look at, look at, see he shows. Oh yeah. So he is dissolving the paper cup and that's what's inside of it. So you think you're drinking out of a paper cup, but it's not really paper. It's plastic. It's, there's a plastic lining. And that's the only reason why those coffee cups from Starbucks hold paper. So hot water to plastic, gimme some volume on this Chemicals pfas, anything in that plastic is Leaching. Yeah. My wife. Into Your drink and leaching in your coffee drink. So do not think you're getting a paper cup. You are getting a plastic cup and you are putting hot water into it. That's a horrible, horrible idea. Look at that. Looks like a condom. What's the solution? Glass jar. Get your coffee in a glass jar or a stainless steel mug.


Simple solution. Don't expose hot liquids to plastic like this horrible idea for your hormones, horrible for your body. Send this to somebody you know, who drinks hot coffee out of paper cups like this and needs to get them out of glass or stainless steel. You think this Is? Yeah. There you go. My wife, she won't drink out. She knows all this shit. She's good. She's a reader. You should listen to Bonnie. Just, I try to. She meditate. She's really good. You know, she's Smart. Which is weird. It's super smart. The two of you guys together that it works. It's, it's crazy. It's like, it's like, You know what I, here's the deal. What, what month? What are we at? April. April. April 15th. 14th. 14th. April 14th. So let's go April 14th.


May, June 30th. I'm back here at the club on my birthday. Okay. So you're gonna look good. I'll Look. I'll look. Alright. I'm gonna go to June 30th. We'll take a picture. I'll put it on my Instagram. Take your shirt off. Flex. Not now. No. June 30th. Okay. We're giving you time. Yeah. I wanted to give you a goal. June 30th. Is that enough time you think? Yeah, sure. Absolutely. Two months. Yes. In two months you can lose 20 pounds of fat and look great. Yeah. Just eat healthy. Just get on a very low carbohydrate diet. That's what I did. I'm, I'm not doing keto, I'm not gay. But I went ke gay a little. I, when I try to cut carbs, let me tell you something.


It was easier for me to quit crack than it was carbs. Really? Well I never gave anybody a hand job for a Kaiser roll. So part of my act folks, he's killing. Hey, June 30th, the week I'm here. Right. I don't know how much bigger my arms will be. Bigger. You don't have to. I Just Be, just, just be good. Become more cut up, Get you look good. But I think I look okay. Well We're gonna get you a blood panel tomorrow too, to find out where your hormone levels are at. Find out what the fuck is wrong with you. What do You mean All that shit? Blood panel wouldn't My They'll draw blood. They'll draw blood and then send it to a lab. They're not gonna tell me I have cancer. They could if you wanna know.


No, you don't wanna Know. I already had blood tests at my doctor's office. They sent like blood. Does your Blood, did your doctor do a comprehensive cancer scan? Did pro prostate? No. Yeah, just it looked in your asshole. That's all they Did? No, with the blood and, and looked at my sugar levels. They can do this incredibly comprehensive blood panel. They draw, they dig a lot of blood out and then they send it to a lab and they find out whether or not you have any, I have a zero cancer. I was super happy because when they did it I was like, woo, I have the same feeling. I don't know if I want to know this. It's a SC waiting for fucking around. Start thinking about it and start mindfuck yourself laying in bed at night. Like what if I have it right now? What if I find out tomorrow I have four weeks to live. Mm. Start Thinking it's fucking too much anxiety.


When I went back in the day, everybody like went for the AIDS test after you got clean. Oh, I remember that. I Remember my first AIDS test. So I got my aids. I was so scared. Okay, this is true. My doctor, whenever I went to my doctor and took any test, he would call me and say, everything's fine. There were calls, everything's fine. Right. So I took an AIDS test. The doctor Didn't call you and I get a call from the doctor and he said, can you come in tomorrow? I'm going, what do you mean come in tomorrow? My heart dropped. 'cause he would've said, everything's fine. I go, what do you mean? Why do you want me to come in tomorrow? He goes, your tooth came in and we wanna put your tooth.


It was my dentist, but I heard doctor. Oh, okay. I thought it was my real doctor telling me I have fucking aids. Got it. You know, 'cause everybody took that test in the, in the eighties. Yeah. When I first got insurance, I had to get an AIDS test in the nineties and I remember the doctor, I said, boy, I am fucking real nervous about this. And the doctor said, are you gay? I said, no. He goes, do you do drugs? I go, no. He goes, don't worry about it. You don't have it. I go, really? He goes, yeah. I go, what the, about about the fucking news? Yeah. The news is freaking me out where I'm scared to touch fucking doorknobs. Like how come, how come the news is saying that everybody's gonna get a says Listen, no one's getting it. Other than gay people and people who are intervened, intravenous drug users.


Well, people on my block were dropping. We went to see Peewee in the hospital and all the nurses were wearing masks. So we go, I think he has that thing. Nobody even knew what the fuck to, you know? Yeah. They thought it was contagious. By the way, that was Fauci too Then. That was Fauci. Yeah. Who's responsible for all that? Fauci was responsible for people freaking out about aids. Fauci was on TV back in the eighties telling people that children could possibly catch it from people. Yes. Wow. Yeah. Do you know the Dallas Buyers Club where they were limiting the medication that gay people could take? That was about fauci. He was responsible for that. He was the one who pushed a ZT on people back then.


A ZT was that chemotherapy medication that was killing people quicker than the cancer was. So they stopped using it on a cancer and they repurposed it and started using it on people that had aids And it, it, it didn't help gauge And it Kill you dead. They were giving it to people that didn't even have any fucking symptoms. They had HIV, they had no symptoms. They've given them a ZT. They were dying in months. It was the only time ever in medical history where they were telling you to take a chemotherapy drug indefinitely. Every time you take chemotherapy. The idea is that it gets your body close to death, but kills off the cancer. They were telling you to keep taking it. Just keep taking it. It's nuts. What they did is madness. If you read Robert Kennedy's book, the Real Anthony Fauci, it's all about that and the beginning of it is all about the AIDS crisis and all the different things that they did that mirrors exactly what they did during the covid Crisis.


What, so what drugs are they using now to, They started using protease inhibitors and that really helped. Like the, the whole AIDS thing is very complex. It's very complex because the vast majority of the people that got AIDS were, were heavy drug users, heavy drug users or gay guys who were experiencing, you know, a lot of different sexual partners and They were, but it was 'cause of blood being transferred. Yeah. That's part of it. But it's also part of it. You're destroying your immune system with fucking drugs. Yeah. Like these guys were taking amyl nitrate and crystal meth and partying and not sleeping. Just crushing their immune system. Well, Plus sharing needles with the blood going from Yep, yep, that too. And then they would get 'em on medication. That would definitely kill 'em. And then it was a crisis.


And then, you know, everybody was running around scared. And I was scared too, until I talked to my doctor. He just looked me in the eyes. But no one could say that back then. Yeah. So this is like 90, 91 maybe. Maybe 91, 92 when I, whenever 88. And when I got, and my doctor was like, don't worry about it. I was like, what about the news, man? Like, I remember talking to this guy, he was a young guy. I was like, how about, why is the news telling me I could get, he goes, heterosexuals aren't getting this. Well I, unless you're an intravenous drug user, don't worry about it. I, I, I only checked 'cause I shot dope like maybe three times. What was it like? I didn't like it. It was just nodded, you know. I was more of a up, you know, You know what did shooting dope to feel like?


What'd it feel like? Just Down And I, I can't, it wasn't, I did it with Bastille and he was a major drug guy. Oh, he was a major one. He was funny though. Frankie was funny. Did I ever, I remember seeing him for the first time when I was an open Micr in 88. Yeah. And he was just a wild dude. He was like one of the first guys I ever saw with tattoos. All these tattoos. And they're like, he does heroin, everybody tell you. Oh. Oh really? It was heroin when someone did heroin back there. And it was crazy. Like what? He does heroin now. How, think about how many people are hooked on opiates. Well, back then it was super rare. Well, The difference between heroin and like freebase, you can function on heroin. There's functioning heroin.


Heroin addict for years. Yeah. Do it. You can't function on freebase or coke. You gotta keep having it. I Had a buddy of mine who was a longshoreman and he would tell me that this guy he would work with, and not just one guy, but one guy that he was work with, that he was a friend on his lunch break, get a bag of heroin, shoot it up in his car, sit there for half an hour and then go back to work. Yeah. Crazy. You Can't do that with free base. It's nonstop. You gotta keep up. Oh imagine. So Was that your thing? Freebasing? Yeah. Free ba free crack. When was the, how old were you when you first freebased? Well, I, when I first got high, I was 15, you know, pot I lead, led my way up to the Gateway Coke drug. Yeah. Coke.


And then, and So snorting coke. So I snorted coke probably when I started, when I was 18 or 19. Right. And then when he worked at Crack Crack, probably 25 to 28. Do you remember the first time he did it? I think it was with my cousin. Yeah. It was like, whew. I go, this is good. This is, I mean, I guess there was, yeah. I'll tell you what. So I got so many of them. So my friend, I was on the road, I came back, he goes, look, I'm gonna buy an eighth of Coke. Cut it into five halfs. Five half grams. That's true. Okay. And we'll do two half grams and I'll sell the other three.


I Know where this is going. Well we did one or two and then he went to sleep. So this is fucked up. I find, I found where he hid him. Oh, he didn't hide it as good as you hide your money. No, I went in and I steal one at a time. I drove to the convenience store. I cooked it with ammonia. Right. Ammonia. Yeah. Clear ammonia. Wait a minute, you actually cooked the coke and turned it into crack? Yeah. With ammo. Yeah. Why Is, why would you do that? Is it better that way? Oh, that's how you get free based crack. You gotta, you gotta process it.


You can do it with bacon, soda. You could do it in a boy lit. A who Taught you how to do this? I would. Who are you a chemist? Like how Did you know? No, I was a crack addict. Addict. So other crack addicts were like giving you the recipe. This is really, Really no, I learned, I, there's three ways to do it. So I did it with, or a four with Ether, which you could blow up your house. Right. So I would steal a half a gram from them. I would go to the convenience store, I'd cook it, smoke it, and pour out the ammonia. I said, I can't do it. Well How do you do it? I, yeah, I don't wanna help you. Put it in. It's the internet chat. GBT, until you gotta make, let's, let's ask chat GBT right now. Now I'll tell you, how do you take cocaine and turn it into free base?


You co you put it in a teaspoon and you light it And it turns into a rock. Okay. And then you squeeze it and then you smoke that rock it, you squeeze and try to get the ammonia out as much as you can in the rock. So I would pull, I would get ammonia, steal a half a gram from him. Go to the bright early in the morning, come back, cook it, pour the ammonia out. Well now I Would tcb two, the chemistry behind it, how it's made for educational purposes only. Not intended to encourage illegal Activity. Bacon, soda. I said you can do That. Cocaine hydrochloride powder with baking soda and water. Sometimes ammonia is used instead of baking soda.


But baking soda is more common for crack heat. The mixture as it's heated. The cocaine base separate from the hydrochloride and form solid rocks that float to the top. Cool and dry. This is like a recipe. Solid pieces. The crack rocks are cooled and hardened then dried. So there you go. I emptied out the first bottle. Then there was two or three more half grams. Oh, you I went and stole another one. Yeah. Went back to the convenience store, bought more ammonia. After the fourth trip to the convenience store, I go, Hey listen, I got a cleaning business. We need a lot of ammonia. Well, I smoked all his coke and I, all of a sudden I hear somebody yell, fuck.


He woke up and saw his coke was gone. Right. How many hours had passed? Probably four. How many trips to the convenience store? Four. And I was just drinking straight vodka. Right. Whoa. And I'm walking home now. I'm $250 in debt. I have, And it was towards the end of my career. But As a crack addict, As a drug addict. Crack. Yeah. I mean, How you call it a career? It was a crack career. Well, I think I told this story years ago, but I'll tell it. And he doesn't care. 'cause he told it in his book. So me and Frankie are doing a one nighter. And back then I had the car, you would pick up an act at the improv and then go do the one nighter in Jersey.


Right. So we pick up this comic little white guy, whatever, we go do our one nighter and we're supposed to drop him off at the improv. And I go, hold on, I gotta make a stop. And we go up to Spanish Harlem. He goes, what are you doing? I go, my sister lives here. She's not doing well. You know, there's, there's people chasing, there's people chasing people with knives up and down the street. And I go up and by crack free base. Right. And the kid's like, get me home. Take me back to the improv. What the fuck is going on? Well, relax. So now we go down to the Lower East side and Frankie gets heroin.


And the kid now Frankie's in the backseat tying up shooting heroin While you're driving. Well, I'm driving. He's in the back shoot. Oh my God. And the kid is fucking scared to death. He was a little white kid. He wanted to be Jerry Seinfeld. It was David Spade. Was It really? Yeah. Oh my God. That's, He was hilarious. A little white kid from Arizona. Do you remember when he first started? He tells the story in this book, and I apologized to him. He goes, oh, don't worry. It's a good story. Right. But we kept him hostage as I'm smoking crack and Frankie's banging dope in the car. Oh my God. I heard an Otto and George story once he, he's working in a club in, in Jersey.


I don't need to name the club. And he leaves the club with the owner's daughter and they're headed into New York. And there's another guy driving the car. He stops off at Washington Square Park, picks up a bag of crack and starts smoking it in the car. And the girl freaks out. And the he and he, he says the classic line, he goes, what? I thought the broad wanted a party. I just, I just did a documentary about him. They interviewed me. They're doing documentary on Otto and George. Well, we Did a lot of those shows. Those prom shows. Yeah. With Otto and George. Oh, he was, yeah, he would, he was genius. I would, Yeah.


But I'd drive with him to a gig and he would go, do You know what George thought of today? What you fucking psychopath? You're George. Well, he Would make people pull over so he could go check on George. George is in the trunk. He, He would pull over and check on George. I think there's something to that. Yeah. I think that that dummy had a mind of its own. And he, And it might've been, he had some weird personality disorder where he put a, a personality to that dummy. But that dummy, when that dummy would say things, you knew it was George. Yeah. Like it didn't even feel like it was ot. It felt like George had his own thoughts on things. I worked with Vent of course once.


And I go into his room on the road and he's putting away the Dummies' clothes in another dresser drawer than his. He's like putting away the clothes of the dummy, folding the clothes of his d Here's a bit I kind of wanna do. You know, back in the day, you know, when there was bank robbers, outlaws there would wear a handkerchief and go rob a bank. Well, I want to be the outlaw of ventriloquist where I go up a little dummy and put a handkerchief this way. They can't see my lips move. But I could say I'm the outlaw of ventriloquist and I could do a whole five minutes and everybody's going, he must be great.


I can't see his lips move. That's good. But you're supposed to talk too, like the pro part of the fun of being a ventus. Like I will, he would say, Otto would say, I can't believe you're saying that, George. Yeah. How do you Shut The fuck Up? The eyebrows would pop up and he'd get crazy. Like, is the banter back and forth? I'll talk behind the mask. I'm not gonna do it, but it, it's not gonna work. How come? Terrible idea. Okay. So I threw it out. How come there's no ventriloquist on this planet that gets along with their dummies? Well, there's not even very many ventriloquist acts anymore. There used to be a bunch of ventus acts. There was Willie Tyler and Lester who was in la. There was a few, there Was Vince, Antonio and George from Long Island.


You know What I think it was, it's like when one guy becomes really big, like Jeff Dunham, he became the man when it came to Vince Rokus. And then he's so popular that nobody touches it anymore. So like Ker Top did that to prop acts. Yeah. Like prop acts used to be. Remember when we were, we Started out the fucking wood. Did you ever work with the wi? Yeah, I worked With Did. He was great. He pulled it in fucking diaper. I mean laundry basket shoots with fucking Props. Oh, he had so much shit. Yeah. He had a like a whole trunk full of stuff that he would've to carry through the club. Yes. But there's, they don't have 'em anymore. Because Carrot Top became so famous as a prop act that everybody's like, oh, it's a carrot top thing. Yeah. And they just abandoned it. Like musical acts. There's no fucking musical acts anymore.


There's I, there was ga, they're on ships. Gary Delano was a musical act. But guys Who have been around for a long time, yes. They're legacy acts. There's no upcoming people right now that are musical comedians. Well, there's No magicians. Farentino was a magician. Right. There was a couple of magic acts. Like when I did one nighters you worked, there was jugglers juggling Jack Schwarze, A couple magic acts. There's a few magic acts still that work in California because, because of the Comedy Magic Club. Oh, okay. Yeah. Her Hermosa Beach. Yeah. Like he used to have it where you'd have a magician mixed in with the comedy. Last time I worked there. Okay. Well when I started working there, I was like, I Remember, do you ever remember Chip Cooney where he did the Fake Magic Act?


No. It was really funny. He would just do stupid stuff. Lenny Schultz was a prop actor. He was a prop actor. Crazy Lenny. He just died. Oh. Like about a month ago, three weeks ago. Oh man. More pigs. Lenny There more pigs. And he was just, He was so Ridiculous. He was nuts. He Was so funny though. And the ni the nicest guy in the World. Yeah. I remember he had a, he pulled out like a smokey the Bear doll. And he's like, only you can prevent forest fires. He would shut the fuck up and he punched the bear. It was so ridiculous. It was so, and he'd move on to something else. Like it never happened. He, it's like it was what he Would kill, kill, kill. And it made no sense. No sense. No sense. It was just maniacal. It was just crazy. His crazy face and crazy eyes.


But it was really funny. Like Car Top is a good prop act if you like Prop acts. He's the best prop act. Yeah. I mean, rip Taylor didn't like him, but you know the Rip Taylors from how many fucking years ago? Rip Taylor? Yeah. Remember the gay Oh, the Mustache. Yeah. And throw this. Yeah. The glitter and stuff. How come he didn't like Carrot Top? Because Carrot Top was getting real famous. Ah. At the time. Rip Taylor was, he's a hater. Yeah, it was the, the Prop act. But it's Like, most comics today are just comics. They just, they just do standup. You don't, Yeah. There's very Little, like all the variety stuff is gone. Well Frankie Pace was a prop act. And he killed. Yeah, he Killed, Killed.


You're right. There was, it's there was more variety in the one nighters in the clubs. Oh yeah. Than there is just like, well, in The eighties, comedy was anything. It could, there was no definition of it back then. Like guys had like pieces of paper they'd bring on stage and hold up signs. There was all kinds of weird shit. And now it's just people talking. Oh, The guy from Boston, I worked with him. He was so angry. We did a one nighter. He said, fuck this at a pool hall, Bob something batch. He had paper signs. He would pull up and do a thing on signs or whatever. Hmm. He was just from Boston. Well there was the guy from the blue collar tour.


Bill Engal. Yeah. Right. He had signs. Did he? Yeah. None of them say quit. I know What I, what do you call it? What's his name Kills on stage? Josh Adam Meyers. Yeah. He does kills. Well He does that goddamn Comedy Jam. Yeah. Where he does music too. But that's a little different. But we had him on our show. Would you bang him? We, me and Bonnie do the show. It's fucking, do you know the show? We do, no, we, what we do is Bonnie and I host it and we have like five comics and they do like eight or 10 minutes a piece.


Then we have three female judges and a ga and a gay judge. And after the set they discuss whether they would fuck 'em or not. Oh, interesting. And the gay judge is always the funniest. He's always the funniest. But some, some of these female ju they're just so funny. You know. So he came out, we did it a couple, we do it at a lot of festivals. And we did it at, in New York. And Josh, Adam Myers came out and he sang the whole time. Just fucking all over the stage. I'm going, he's gotta close every show in the comedy club. 'cause nobody's following that. Right. Right. It's, there's no way It's different energy at a seller that you're gonna go up after that.


Yeah. You know, and I'm not, what he does is great. What he does is, you know. Yeah. If you were on the road and you had a middle act and the middle act was brought to you by the club, like they assigned a middle act. Yeah. And the middle act was doing music. You were fucked. Yeah. You were Fucked. Oh yeah. You know, fucking Guitar Act. I worked Vegas once following a guy with a guitar and I had hell and he's fucking closing with Springsteen and the bandana on his head. Oh, you're in trouble. I'm going, what the fuck? You're in trouble. Fuck. It's a totally different thing, you know? But it's weird that that's not more popular because he used to be so effective. That's what I'm saying. It's like, why isn't there more of those acts like that out there? 'cause it was so effective.


Well, some of them got older and went to cruise ships that do guitar. I know, but why didn't the younger ones, why, why didn't, how come no younger ones emerged? That's what's weird. It is kinda weird. No impressionist either. Very few that do impressions. Yeah. You Know, very few. You know, and everyone that they would turn around, fix their hair and then do their impression, they always turned around. Right. You Know? Right, right. Imagine if Jack Nicholson, you know, I, I, I'd be scared to turn around and the audience left, but they turn around. There was so many Jeff DeHart, he did Rod Sterling perfectly. It is interesting. There's not a lot of just Impressionists, right?


Yeah. Danny Stone ra Randy Credico. Yeah. Who's very lucky. Frank Callo does. Yeah. Yeah. But he, He's like the only one. You don't really see him in cl Well, I don't know if he's still in clubs. He does a lot. Yeah. I think he does. His theaters mostly Does. Yeah. He was on the virus tour on the Anthony tour. Yeah. I did it with him. Yeah. Oh, you did the virus tour? Yeah, I did one of them. I hosted every show. Yeah. I did One of 'em in Vegas. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. The Vegas one. That was Like the last time I saw Patrice. Wow. Yeah. We doing the Benefit. We do it. I host it every year and Billy closes it. We're doing it I think in May this year.


Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay. So it's next month. Do you know the dates? Yeah. I'll tell you right now. So tell everybody so they can go buy tickets. Bust out those glasses, Grandpa. Oh, that's sold out. Let's go first. These are Dollar Store glasses. Okay. Why Do you buy 'em at the Dollar Store? Because my good ones are at the hotel. I, I don't wanna lose 'em. Oh, you don't wanna waste them? I don't wanna lose 'em. Yeah. I mean, I would've wor 'em the good ones on Theo's podcast. Jesus Christ. I'm looking at your face when you turn sideways so I could see how much magnification you got. Yeah. What are those? How many, how many X you got? Two 50. That's it? Yeah. Oh, okay. They're, it looks like I'm seeing a double the size of your fucking look. Like you got stung by a bee. Listen, listen, listen, listen to me.


So it's already sold out so people can't buy tickets. It'll, I'm sure it'll, it sells out every year. It is beautiful that you guys do that every year. The Patrice benefit. Yeah. It's very cool. You talk about a guy that like touched so many people. 'cause he was so brilliant. Why? How Could it be on a Sunday? The Patrice base says May 18th in my calendar. Maybe. 'cause Billy's doing 12 Angry Men. He's playing every fucking character. No, he's in Glen Gary, Glen Ross. Oh, is he? Yeah. And, and yeah. Him and is he coffee, Kirk Coffee for closers. Is he that guy? I don't know. See the yell, go see it. I'd rather fucking walk through Lebanon wearing, wearing a fucking yamaka to go see that fucking angry hack.


Fuck off, Billy, shut the fuck up. Send me a stupid pro-Palestinian bullshit. Shut up. Oh, does he have a lot of pro-Palestinian Stuff? Oh, we fight all the time on online. He sends it to you. I well we on text really? We go Back and forth. You go, you and Bill Berg go back and forth about Palestine For real. Sometimes. Yeah, sometimes. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. But I'm, you know, look, I'm friends with him for years. Of course. I mean forever. You know? Yeah. Fucking Billy. You know, fucking, When comedians get political And it to the point where they, they distance themselves with people that don't agree with them. That to me is hilarious. Yeah. Hilarious in how stupid it is. Like, what are you doing? Yeah. Like, what, what are you doing? Like, this is, this is where you're gonna fucking draw the line on some shit that barely affects your personal life.


I've, I've not any of my friends that are like that, I'm still friends with 'em. I don't agree with a lot of the shit. And they're, they're stupid. Yeah. You know, I mean, exactly. One or two people I think are say really vile stuff and I just mute 'em. I don't deal with 'em. You know, they're not friend friends. Right. You know what I mean? You know, I mean, shit. Me and Norton don't agree on everything. You know? How can You, I mean, his fucking, How can you agree on everything? His wife is so much hotter than my wife. She's got a better dick. She was the best man at his wedding.


Fucking Norton is so quick and funny. It's, yeah. He was the best man at my wedding. He's so fucking funny. He's great. Until Tony, I'll tell you. Oh my God. He's one of the best guests. I mean, you know, who else is fucking Colin is so funny. Oh, he, he's so quick. Colin's amazing. He's, he's, there's a bunch of guys, and I think I put you in there too, that just never really Thank you. Promoted themselves on social media. Yeah. So it's like, you're really good. But like, even Atel, like Atel for the level of comedy that he is, he should be selling out stadiums every night. But he just doesn't promote himself at all. All he does is just like, all of his following is just word of mouth.


Yeah. And other comics saying how great he is. And like, people who have seen him before they come to see him again. Well, He says one of my videos now is up to up to almost 5 million views. Is that good? Yeah, That's good. That's good. Congratulations. It's really funny. I believe it. Believe you're funny. If you wanna play it, I will. No, we don't Have to do that. Let's wrap this up. So you're gonna be at the mothership? What? What are the dates again? June. What? June? I think 27th, 28th and 20. Okay. I do it every week on my Birthday. We're gonna take pictures of you with your shirt off. Be Mother. So prepare for that. Get ready. Okay. Yeah. Get yourself in shape tomorrow. I'm gonna bring you to waste. Well get you on the peptides and Oh, okay.


Get your blood work and find out what the fuck's going on with your shoulder and shoot you up with stem cells. I do have a special on Amazon called Rich Vos Anonymous. It's pretty funny why It called Anonymous Because I taped it at a NA convention. Oh, That's hilarious. And the backdrop that Bonnie directed a beginning. The backdrop is fucking so cool. Here It is. Look at you. It false Anonymous. You Look good There You look. Where's your trailer? Dangerous man. You look Dangerous. Can you play the trailer? No, We're not gonna play a Trailer. Okay, good. We're gonna Leave. Okay, we're gonna wrap this up. Nope, we don't need to play a trailer. Okay. You're Funny. I was doing it for you. No, I don't care about me For you. I'm gonna not do it better.


This, This, I've done this podcast three times and this is the most fun I had. It was fun. It was fun. We had a good time. I I, I had a good time. Come to the club tomorrow too. We'll hang out. You got any sets tomorrow? You going anywhere? No. All right. Come to the club. Do bottom of the barrel too. What's it? What's that? There's a, a whiskey barrel on stage with notes in it from the audience. You pull 'em out and you just riff. Oh really? Yeah. You love it. It's so much fun. It's like a premise factory. So what am I gonna do about this thing tomorrow? Just as soon As we wrap. I'll, I'll set it up as soon as we get done here. Alright. This was fun. Thank you for having me. Rich boss. Ladies and gentlemen. Bye everybody.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Tax season is always stressful. You have to worry about filing on time, making sure you have all the right documents and getting all the deductions you possibly can. It's overwhelming. And by now, I know we're all sick of looking at numbers, but here's an important one that you should hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much money in refunds the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Here's another 20%. That's the overall increase in identity theft related tax fraud in 2024 alone. So luckily it isn't all bad news. Here's the good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US based restoration specialists will fix it. That's backed by another good number. The million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face identity theft and financial losses alone. There's strength in numbers with LifeLock identity theft protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use the promo code JRE or go to lifelock.com/jre for 40%. Off terms apply.