
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. So we were just looking at the song in the security cameras in the fucking gym with a stupid haircut. Why is he doing, he looked so crazy. Friend, son. Hilarious dude. One of the best. One of the Best. He's fantastic. Yeah. And getting better, man, all the time. He's, he's a guy who's always working. Nobody writes more new stuff. He writes a lot. That guy writes a lot. Puts me on my ass. 'cause I always, you know, we've been, we've been best friends for the last 12 years, so I've been watching this whole time and since we met him and Brian Simpson, they put you to work. Yeah. That's important. 'cause if your friends are slacking, you're like, I got slack off too.


Yeah. Or you feel like, oh man, I'm better than my friends. But when your friends are like, oh, every time I see him, I'm like, dude, I saw you yesterday. You have two new bits. Like Yeah. And they're good. Yeah. Like, how The fuck? But his, one of his bits is his fucking hair. It's hitch cliff fault. Hinchcliffe fucking keeps encour. Like, keep it going. Keep it going. He does encourage it. And I told you he's getting mad pussy with the hair. Shh. Don't say that. Oh, Fuck up his pussy. Oh, you're right. You're right. He, you can Mad pussy. Really? Hey family. Hey John. We were having a Wonderful, there's nothing funnier than one of your friends pull you aside to complain about a girl.


That's like putting the cuffs on them. It's the best. Why Don't you do things? Why don't you, I heard the haircut. Why don't you, why don't you cut your hair better so you don't get mad? You take comedy serious. You don't take me serious. Look at him. Look at, Oh my God. He's the man. Look how smooth he looks though. He looks dressed nice. Smooth. He's headlining La Hoa this weekend with you, right? Yeah. Yeah. We're doing next week. Next Thursday. Oh, Next week. Next Thursday. Yeah. Going back and then we're doing the belly room too. Headlining the belly room the next night. Nice. Fucking La Jolla is one of the best rooms in the world. Yeah. That La Jolla room is fire If you get it crushing in there. Oh, it's, it's a, it's a box. It's a literal box. Yeah. It's a kill box. And He's cheating with his hair. He's cheating dude.


He's cheating the, these, I won't say the jokes, but these, these hair jokes are just too good. Well, They go, people lose their, they Lose their mind. It's, it's unfortunate because they think he's looks way better with his head shaved. He's a good looking guy. He's a good looking guy. And since you got got him in the gym, he's, his chest is filled out. His, he's his backs straighter. I love when I come here and you two guys are in the gym and you're, you're by yourselves. No one's pushing you. I love it. I love it. The only thing, 'cause we do every single thing that, that we did back when we were working out. But other than some days that we look at that cold punch, we're like, Joe, you're a fucking psycho. Get the fuck outta here, dude. Not killing him. Cold water for you today, Dude. I'm down to work out tomorrow if you guys wanna do it. Of course. All right. Let's do it. Hell yeah.


We'll get a good old school one in. Yeah. We'll get a old school one. I'll get in the cold one if you, if we're, if we're all doing it, that's, I need to, we all to be doing it. So My friend Sean, who trained Alex Jones is now training Shane. He's gonna start training Shane. I heard about it. He put some dude gauntlets. I told Shane, dso, don't let him kill you. Don't let him kill you. Tell, makes you back 'em off a little In the beginning. These fucking psychopaths. Yeah. I remember when Assan did it with him the first time, Sean, he got him to do it. I couldn't, I was outta town with Schultz. And Assan called me and goes, bro, I threw up twice. I go at the end he goes, no. At the beginning I was like, Brooke at the fuck outta here. You gotta build up to that kind of stuff. That's the thing. Like, Sean's in great shape, you know, and some, you know, if you're, if you're used to like coaching Navy Seals and you're like, come on pussy, we gotta go.


You know, like carry the fucking log. Yeah. Who's gonna carry the boats? That's one thing. But when you're guy like Shane and you're on a workout on again, off again, on again, off again. Like you can't hurt the guy. Like, you gotta like start slow. Yeah. Like when we were, when we started working out what we do, we start slow, real Slow. I mean, you were teaching us how to use the kettlebells, let alone going super hard at it. Yeah. Whereas now, you know, me and Asan have upped our weight because now we've, we've done it so many like rhythm's gonna be fun. Oh dude, I'm excited. Excited for tomorrow. Yeah. But I was gonna tell you this about Hassan's hair. That's back to it. We're seeing him on the security camera going, what the fuck are you doing? I literal, I just, I was like, you know, it's like a fucking psycho. Can't Believe. And people love it.


They Love it when he, I'll never forget this one night I'm working the back door of the comedy store, and this is when Theo v had just, he went from, he went from a guy we all knew to, he's now Theo Vaughn. Mm. And I'm sitting back there and he pulled in and we're just kind of hanging at the back door. And he goes, Derrick, lemme tell you something man. He goes, I was getting 2000 a weekend before this hair, since this mullet. I get about 40 KA weekend and walked off. And I was like, man, what the, whoa, am I supposed to get a, yeah. I literally was like, I know what I'm supposed to do. You know what though? It's true, but it's not true. So it's true that when the haircut came, he got more money on the weekend. But it's also like the haircut freed him to beat Theo Vaughn.


I agree. Like, do you remember when Theo, I remember very clearly the first time I ever saw Theo, and he was doing a bit about being, not even a bit, he was telling a story, a true story about when he was his, when he was young. His father was really old. Like his father had him when he was like 70. I, yes. Yeah. Something crazy. And he said he remembers being on acid, lying next to his father while, and realizes his father's just dying. You know what I mean? That's, if you ever been around someone who's like really a hundred years old, they Oh yeah. They feel like there's no life force in them. Yeah. And they're almost trapped in their mind. Something away. Yeah, you can, yeah. And he's on acid.


Lying next to him was like, whoa, this guy's weird. Like what a, what a weird set. Yeah. And then, you know, he was talking about all kinds of other stuff too. But it was really fun. But it was interesting, you know, and then I remember seeing him about a year, a year and a half later, and I couldn't fucking breathe. I was just crying, laughing. My cousin got bit by a gay guy, so, we'll see. I was just like, what the fuck are you saying? What the fuck are you saying? And it was, it was the timing and the, the, the, the just the materials like all over the place in this weird way. I love a guy like that. Yeah, I agree. You're right. It wasn't, the mullet might have just been the little touch, but he was already Your favorite to watch.


Sometimes he needs something like that to make you feel different. You know, like, like some dudes I think like dressing nice on stage 'cause they feel different. Or Burt likes to take his shirt off 'cause he feels different. Burke could do the same set with a tuxedo on it would be the same fun. Yeah. It would be the same fun. It just makes him feel free to take, let that fucking gut hang out and show everybody he's willing to drink himself to death for you. Like, he's a fucking gladiator dude. But they love it. But I do get that feeling of like being free on stage and truly Yeah. Because that does separate yourself too, of like, oh, this is how I am. Yeah. You gotta learn how to do that some way.


Right. And some people it's alcohol and some people it's the way they dress. And some people it's weed and some people it's, you know, they have to run, they have to jog before they do a set. Like, yeah. I remember seeing Eleanor, she would do dips. You'll catch her in the back of the whole and just, she's just cranking out dips. And then she goes up. But then you see when she's up, it's like, oh, that energy had to just, yeah. It was just coming out of her. Yeah. It's coming outta, you know, also, you want to get your heart rate up a little bit. So your body is like, and your mind is like, things are flowing really good. You don't wanna be like sleepy and then go on stage. Right? Yeah. That's the worst thing in the world. Or a full meal. Oh yeah. And go on stage. You want to be, you wanna be,


This episode is brought to you by Squarespace. Have you ever been shopping online? And the website just gave you the ick, let me tell you, that wouldn't happen if they used Squarespace. Squarespace Design Intelligence empowers anyone to build beautiful, more personalized websites tailored to your unique needs. And with Squarespace payments, it's super easy to manage payments with just a few clicks. Plus, with Squarespace's integrated and optimized SEO tools, there's all the help you need to get people to your site. Head to Squarespace dot com slash Emma for a free trial and use code Emma to save 10% on your first purchase.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. Summer is almost here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered Catamaran. That's a no lemon meringue. That's a yes. A day in the sun. No. A bottle of rum. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely help you out with that. Get almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You must be legal drinking age, please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by Region C App for details


up a little. I heard Bill Burr say something, but he's just one of the greatest to ever do it. But it always made me go, damn. 'cause I always felt that way of like, no, I wouldn't eat before meal. I'm eating before show I wouldn't eat. And then I heard him say once he was like, oh, I used to not eat before shows. And then I got older and I fucking have a Thanksgiving dinner before show and go up and talk the whole set about how I had a Thanksgiving dinner and how fucking fat I am and how gross we all are in America. And it was just like that freedom of like, wow, he really doesn't give a fuck This guy. He, well he Bill is also amazing at being Bill like, you know, like he has, he has his opinions, his what he thinks is stupid about something and he's just like locked in.


Yeah. You know what I mean? Like there's no, like some comics, like, you'll see one of their hours and it's kind of like one kind of energy. And then the other hour it's like kind of a different kind of, and well, bill Burr, it's Bill Burr. I'm Bill Burr. It's a Great point. I'm Bill Bur. He knows how to be Bill Burr. He's professionally Bill Burr. That's a, You know what I mean? Great point. A lot of people couldn't even do his material. It would just like, wouldn't Work. No. And it, it would sound hateful. Horrible. Like hates the world, dude. But that's just the magic of becoming, you know, you Right? Like there's a few, like a tell is the absolute best at it. Yeah. Ael has a timing and a presence.


And then the material, the way it's written, like a lot of it on paper you'd be like, what is this? Yeah. I don't understand how this would be funny. But you see him do it in real life, you're like, oh my God, you just crying. Yeah. And when the crowd is more ruckus, he, he's better. He's in on the corniness of some of the stuff too, which makes it even more fun. It's like, there's many layers to it. And you know, some of it is just like, just brilliant observations on things. Some of 'em, it is com completely ridiculous. You know? It's, yeah. It's just all But it's woven into Dave Tell and It'll pull out of a fucking recorder. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. He starts to play the flute. It's Crazy, bro. When we saw him live, I was so fucking impressed at the mothership, be at the mothers.


I was so impressed. I was like, that is so good. You know? It was another one like that. Colin Quinn. You see Man, when he was here pro You see him live, you're like, wow, that was so good. Just so fun. You forget how good he is. Yeah. And then you're learning shit. I remember You're like, I didn't know this. Yeah, he's, he's like a history wizard. I remember we did Tough, tough Crowd once and Colin used to do standup to the crowd before the show would start, before we'd sit down and do tough crowds. He Was doing the warmup for his own show. Yeah. He was doing the warmup for his own show this one time. I don't know if he did it all the time. Okay. But he was murdering, murdering. And I was watching this, I was like, people don't know how good he is. Like, this is crazy.


'cause like there's some guys, they'll warm up for their show and it's like a monologue. They're doing a few jokes. It's like, it's okay. It's okay. Yeah. But I'm not in it, I'm not really feeling it with him. It was like, I was at a club, I was like dying laughing. Like I was at a comedy club. I was like, people don't under, this is like, there's a few of these guys that just never got good at promoting, you know, and they're really good. Yeah. And the interesting thing is, the really good ones are not bitter. They're, they're not as famous as they deserve to be. I could tell. Is like the least bitter guy alive. Yeah. He's so cool. Not even remotely bitter. Always friendly. Always. Like, yeah. He'll Talk to open mic all day. He'll, he'll, sweet. Peaceful. Like he's as, as present as you can get.


And he's infinitely less famous than he should be. Yeah. He, he should be selling out arenas all over the world. He's that good. Wow. He's so good. Dude. He might be the best comic alive. There's like a few in my mind that are like in the running for that. Like, who is the best? I guess there's no one best. It's hard. It's, it's, it's Sport. You know, because you always have to consider Chappelle. Yeah. He's the, the goat of our generation. He's the most prolific. He has social impact. He's hilarious and silly. And he's a sweetheart of a person too. So you have to think then. But then I go with like sheer RPMs. I gotta go with Joey. Jesus, Joey D I know. Yeah. Sheer RPMs where you just like, I, how many nights were we in the back of the comedy store?


Well, we couldn't, we couldn't even, couldn't even talk. You Couldn't breathe. You're not even laughing anymore. You're Just talking about just wheezing. Everybody's just wheezing. Yeah. Him, you making wheezing noises and slapping things. Man, I remember back that era seeing him and I, and I, how people feel about him now, whatever. But at that time, man, when Crystal Alia was on stage and that main room, some nights it was mind blowing. The RPMs. Yeah. The, just the amount of laughter and how fast would be like, what the fuck. Yeah. He could kill. There's, there's a magic to that thing. I think that's hypnosis. I've always thought that. I've been like, for a long time at least I, I'm like, what is happening to me when someone's on stage and they're killing?


You know, like when Shane, when Shane's on fire, what is happening to me? I think I am like locked in with their mind. I don't think it's as simple as I'm watching a show or something like that because I love, like watching a funny movie, you know, Tropic Thunder or something like that. I love laughing. Watch a funny movie, but I don't feel the same way. I feel when a guy is in front of me on stage doing standup. And I think as great as specials are, they're never, they're like 60 to 70% of being there live. Yes. Always. Every time. I think there's something about being there live that's like, it's hypnosis. There's something going on where that that person's making me think the way they think.


Yeah. Yeah. When someone brings you into their world. Yeah. And like you said, you're just living in it and you're not even thinking about your, you're just like, I'm living in this guy's Exactly. Essence right now. Exactly. You're You're living in this person's imagination and this person's work. Right. 'cause like they set this set up. Yeah. And they danced it around their head and they wrote it down on paper. That's the other interesting thing about what we do is like no one has, there's no like, one way to do it. It, I always say my way to do it, but, you know, I don't think Bill writes shit down. I think he keeps it all in his head. Yeah. Dave mostly keeps it all in his head too. Schultz does that too. Yeah. They, it's Insane. Like that's the Jay-Z thing too, right? Yeah. Yeah. Jay-Z kept it all in his head. Lil Wayne. They didn't, they just, it's insane.


They're releasing. It's not like they're releasing one album. But who's the best writer? Nas. Nas wrote everything down. Agree. You can't write agree, rewind in your head. No you can't. No. It's a story backwards. It's a story backwards. It's another level. That's another level that's like him pulling his dick out and just like slapping that shit on the table. Right. That song is when you wanna say like, writing, like I, I challenge anybody in the world who's got a better written song than Rewind from Nas. That's a great take. I would agree with that. It's, it's perfectly fluent backwards. It's insane. It's a language almost. It's Perfect. Fluent backwards. It's it's magic. It's like a magic song. Yeah. It's so, and it's, and while you're watching it, like you are appreciating the fact that he pulled it off.


Yeah. You know, like while you're listening, you're appreciating the fact that he pulled off this song backwards. Yeah. It's impressive to watch the different ways people do it. I mean, I'm biased 'cause I'm tour, I tour with him, but man, when I'm out with fucking schultzey, dude. 'cause people just see him come up with that 10 minutes up top, you know, like he will go, we'll go to Abu Dhabi and he, you can just see it. Right. But man, you know people, I get to see how he gets there and it's beau, he gets to town and Wouldn matter where we are and all he does is he just talks to people and he doesn't say anything. He just, he, he gets a random person who's lived in wherever we're at for a long time and he just lets him and you can just, and you just see him kind of like, and his eyes will light up when somebody says a certain thing. Oh. And his eyes will light up and he's like, oh, okay.


Oh, that's going on. Oh, then what do they think of this? So what are the time? And he'll ask a couple questions. Yeah. And he'll do it. And I'm not talking about 30 minutes, Joe. He'll talk to somebody for three, four hours before the show. Mm. And just soak in all the culture and all the information. And then you see him go on stage and it's a full flush 10 minute chunk about a place. No, He's a special talent. That's, he's a special talent. Yeah. I've never seen anything like that. Yeah. He's very special. And you know, and it's also like, you gotta realize he's doing these jokes in front of 16,000 people for the first time. He's got a new joke and he's busting it out in front of 16,000 people about their area. Yes, bro. That shit he did in Hawaii. But the chickens being so confident. Oh Joe, it was, I was the black guy.


We got out man. And he saw the chickens run up to me. He is like, these chickens are too confident dog. He's like, they Dunno, Derrick and I we're dying And it cut to, it's a form bit later that night. And it's like, this guy is incredible. And that's, that's another example. Like, what is he doing? How's he doing that to that crowd with those great jokes? Like he's like, he's locking those people in ear. They're you letting him think for you. Like, come on man, think for me. Let me have a good time and think for me. Yeah. And not only that, but you're talking about my own personal experience in Hawaii. Right. And now you're going into your set and you have me, you have me completely wrapped around you. Yeah. You're a pro. It was insane. He's, he keeps getting better. It's, I mean, he Was good when I first saw him a few years back, but man, he just keeps getting better.


Well, like you said earlier, how to see people do different hours for infamous, you know, it's different than life. You know, people Forget, he was like the first guy to really capitalize on the pandemic with his videos where he essentially created a completely new kind of standup. Right. So it's standup without the pauses that you would require if a audience was laughing. So he's, it's more rapid pace. Yeah. Like he thought this through. Dude, this is like a genius thing. Those things turn your phone sideways. Yes, man. So that's what you used to have to do back in the day. Kids back five years ago, five years ago, all you fucking 15 year olds when you were 10, you didn't know about this, but you, when you turn your phone sideways and then it would be, it would play out in wide format and he would kind of do standup with images and with punchlines And it was fucking great.


Incredible. But it was a way faster pace than he does standup on stage. Yeah. It was like the punchlines and then you this and that and da da and I'm like, oh my God. He figured it out. Yeah. He figured out how to make like really compelling standup for someone who's not there. Well It's like a, it's like a, a late night monologue from one of those late night hosts. Yeah. But like a real motherfucker doing it. Yeah. And really giving their actual opinion. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. It's genius. 'cause like that was an example of someone innovating in like a crisis. Like there's a situation that happened, you're forced to everyone. You know, some, like during the pandemic, some people just curled up in a shell and decided I'm not leaving my house anymore. Yeah. And then some people are like, okay, what can we do?


What can we do? Okay, I'm gonna figure out how to do standup in this little video format. Turn your phone sideways. Yeah. And then everybody started sharing them and some, and then the Netflix does a thing, you know, Andrew Schultz saves America And Schu saves America. Yeah. Yeah. Which I don't think he, they should get their money back because he didn't save America. He did. How dare you Dare. Yeah. Some of those people are still trapped in the house. It's Crazier than ever right now. Damn true. But yeah, he, he did. I mean with even with Clin Genius with Genius, it's him. I give him that credit of like, Oh, he does it all the time. It's, and he also, you know, because his stuff is local and a lot of it, like these opening bits that he comes up with, are you, you kind of have to get him out now.


Yeah. Right. Some so he can just release them on like the fucking, when he did the P Diddy thing with la And that's Just in p Diddy's house. Brother, brother, he wrote that shit 10 minutes before he walked up into the forum. 20,000 people. 20,000 people. He wrote it 10. And it was the, I mean me and Mark Und are sitting there like, holy, how did he come up with this? We were just hanging with him. That's so funny. He's in the groove. You know,


AG one has been a long time partner of the show and I'm excited to share a great offer they have going on right now. You can get a free month's supply of AG One's Omega-3 supplement and a free bottle of D three K two with your first subscription order. The Omega-3 soft gel supplement compliments AG one making it easy to get the fatty acids you need while the D three K two liquid drops can help provide two essential vitamins. They're made with high quality ingredients following the latest scientific research. And together with AG one, they work to give you the nutrients and minerals you might be missing from your diet. If you haven't tried AG one yet, they're bundling it with their Omega-3 and vitamin D three K two products for free. So it couldn't be a better time to start subscribe today and get a one month supply of AG Omega-3 and a bottle of vitamin D three K two with your first AG one order. You'll also get their welcome kit with everything you need to get started on your AG one journey. So make sure you check out drink AG one.com/ Joe Rogan to claim this special offer that's drink AG one.com/ Joe Rogan.


It's sort of like when you have a muscle to do something and you do that thing all the time, then you just take better and better and better at doing that thing. And then you get in the groove. Like you, like we were talking about like a tell like Theo, like when someone gets in the groove of who they are, you know? Yeah. Like, like Tony is on Kill Tony, perfect Example. That's it. Unrealistic. He's locked In, he's in the groove. He's been doing it so long, he knows when to dance and when to pause, When asked a serious question, when to get goofy, when to let the, the, the panel know. It's pretty impressive, man. If you can find something like that to do in your life, you'll have a much better life than if you just get a job. And I know that's not for, not everybody can, but if you can, you definitely should.


Yeah, dude. Yeah. You definitely should do that. Being excited for every day and nervous and anxious and, and all. It's just that, that feeling. I mean, I, to not have it, I can't believe people go, I don't, I get having, you gotta go to work, you gotta make money. But the idea of like, man, never that feeling of anxiety and looking forward to something and Oh, And it, And it not going the way you planned. And so you gotta go the next day and figure out what went wrong. And like I love that. That's what I love about standup, the figuring it out, the math of it all. Yeah. Yeah. It's a great job, man. We're so fucking lucky. Yeah, dude. We're So lucky. God, you've been in it long enough to see everybody. Did you see this thing Damon Wayne said about you? Yeah. He said he stole lot of jokes. Yeah. I went to talk to you about that. But the way he said it, I've never seen someone say I stole a joke.


And I, he was like, man, I, I got, he said I saw it and then I actually realized I stole Joe's joke and I was like, oh, I gotta stop watching motherfuckers. Yeah. It just stuck in the back of his head. But I know you give him his flowers, so it's, I know, I know that guy's not a joke for you, like No, No, no, no. That happens man. Sometimes you, you think you came up with it, but somebody else did and you heard it and you forgot. Yeah, that can definitely, especially if it's a subject that you never cover and time has passed and then the subject comes up like something comes, comes up and you, you like, And it almost like David tells the best at that. He'll call you up because you have to check sometimes. Like, Hey, have you heard this? Yeah. You know, like you have like, he's the best at that. Dave does that all the time. Like you gotta check every now and then. Like this one seems too easy because the memory is weird.


You know, memory's weird. Yeah. You ever go back to like your old neighborhood where you grew up and you're like, this house is way smaller than I thought it was. It was a magic. This is all different. Yeah. The driveway's different. Everything's different. Looks weird. You know, your memory's shitty. It's good. I mean, it keeps you from fucking picking up the wrong spider, but You know what I mean? It's not, It's not a photographic representation of reality. And that's a problem. And you guys have been doing standup 20 years. How many bits have you seen? Just seen Too many bits. Yeah. So You can, and then, you know, there's parallel thinking. There's a lot. But you know, when someone's a thief and Damon's not a thief, I always said that Damon may, he might be one of the most underappreciated comics ever because like when he was in his prime, you gotta realize he was like, you know, if you're looking to today he was like Chappelle, he was like in this that same level of recognition being like one of the best guys alive.


But then they got him with those TV shows, man and Movies. He wanted to be a Movie star. Yeah. He was Last Boy Scout. He was gonna be a movie star. Yeah. He did that big Bruce Will Bruce Willis. And it was a good movie. Yeah. And then it looked like he was gonna be a movie star after that. I mean, he had some great like blank man where he's a retarded. Oh My God, that was so ridiculous. I tried doing that today. You couldn't Do that So fast when, when he used to do handyman on living color shit. Oh my God. They might be one of the greatest families. The the Wayne's family. Oh, For sure. Who's, who's number two? They're number one. They might be one and two Joe. I, I don't know who, Like what other families are there that are like big show not in comedy. What other family? I mean, am I missing something? Am I forgetting somebody?


I mean, I know in Living Color was so Big. It's like them and them, the Sklar brothers, like there's no other family. Yeah. Family. There's nobody in the hunt. I I know Living color is so big, Joe, did you know this? That the reason we have the Super Bowl halftime show is because of in Living Color. That's crazy. So in living color. Really? Is that true? That's true. So before Michael Jackson, when they, the year they brought Michael Jackson was because the year before that in Living Color aired during the Super Bowl. Wow. And they lost so many viewers. They lost like a, a a not half a big number where that they were like, we can't let people leave during the halftime show. 'cause this show is too big. What year was that? I want to say Michael Jackson was 95.


Maybe It had to be be earlier Than that. Maybe 94. It had to be earlier than that because I remember watching it on TV at a pool hall. 9 3, 9 3. Yeah. Nine Three. So I was just moving to New York, to LA from New York then, so I was in New York at a pool hall watching it. And I remember watching Fire Marshal Bill and I would be like, how can you do this? How is this allowed? I'm like, this show's crazy. You have to realize for 93 there was nothing like, like if you think about the internet today and all the crazy videos that people put together and the years of Mad TV And you know, SNL. Yeah. Yeah. But back then, back then, man, there was nothing like this show.


This show was crazy. Pauly hair. That is Paul. Oh my god. That is Polly right in the corner. Oh, look at him. Pauly. The, we Look at him. He is moving the head like a bitching bro. He's here now too. Yeah. No, they're great. Isn't that fun? Hanging out with Pauly? It's like being at the store, man. It's the best. But, But this, this Is unreal. How big this was. The show was great. But Damon, you watch, if you wanna watch something, watch the, I think it's the last stand. I think that was one of his, I think that's the name of it. Something like, I think it's the last stand, but it's fucking phenomenal. And it's, it's so, it's so good. But it's also like, so good if you go back to that time. 'cause comedy, like everything else has evolved with all the scrutiny on it and all the different high level people that are doing it.


Like there's the comedy right now I think is at like the highest level that I've ever seen. There's so many really great comedians. I I think in the 1980s, like if you go back, you had Kennison, you had Eddie Murphy, you had Richard Pryor, you had George Carlin, you had a bunch of really good guy Jerry Seinfeld. But that many after that, you know, wasn't as thick. Yeah. As thick with assassins. So I think like right now, there's so many assassins out there. There's more arena acts out there right now than has ever been in the history of comedy. Yeah. You gotta realize Arena Acts started with Dice Clay.


So Dice Clay starts off becoming, he becomes an arena act in like 87 ish, Late eighties Yeah. Is when Arena Act comedy started Before and nobody was doing it, but Dice Dice was the only arena act. Wow. Yeah. And then Arena Act number two, Dane Cook. And that's How many years later? Many, because this is like Dane Cook's becomes an arena act in like the two thousands. Wow. Yeah. So then there's Dane Cook, Dane Cook starts selling on arenas. Everybody's like, what is happening? What is happening? And then all of a sudden the internet happens and social media happens.


And a lot of comics, like we were talking about, like David Tell and Colin Quinn, like David tell's one of the best to ever do it. And if there's ever a club where he's not sold out the moment it's on stage, it's a travesty. It doesn't make sense. It doesn't make any sense. Doesn't make sense. But they, they didn't connect to the internet the same way. And because that their, the notoriety is not commensurate to the talent. Whereas like with Schultz, the notoriety and the talent are perfectly balanced. Wow. It's the same, it's the same level. So everybody knows how good he is and everybody knows who he is. It's like, it's locked in where it's like, David tell is this, but like the notoriety is like us talking about him.


Only word of mouth only secret. His social media's hot garbage. He's got a flip phone. He's got a flip phone and he, he texts you with a do do do do. He's gotta press four times to get a R or whatever the fuck it is. You know, it's so stupid. So it's crazy. He Does it like that. It's crazy. He does it like that. Like why do you do it like that? Because he could be on the internet more. He, I mean, I remember when he had that show Insomniac, that's when I first he song, Let me throw this at you, because I've been trying to stay off social media more and more every day. Like a little less every day. And the more I do it, the better I feel. It's like not being poisoned. It really is. It's like getting away from a poison that you didn't know was a poison.


Like some, like forever plastics in your Starbucks cup or something, you know, like I quit those Starbucks cups and all of a sudden I, You know what I mean? Yeah. It's like something like that. Like I, I quit drinking tap water and all of a sudden I could think better, you know, Steve Martin sold Oh, that's right. 45,000 tickets in 78. Oh my God. That's right. You know, I know if anybody else before that, we always, I forgot about Steve Martin, but I forgot about Steve Martin for two reasons. One, 'cause Steve Martin was a little different. He was doing standup, but it was a lot of songs And it was, You know what I mean? Yeah. He, he was great by the way. Like, let's get small is phenomenal. But I think he got to a point where comedy became too easy because every, and so he didn't know what was funny anymore because everybody loved him so much and he stopped doing standup, which is really weird.


Wow. Probably didn't have good friends. Yeah. Because, because he had good friends. We would've grabbed him. Like, who grabbed Ron White? Remember when Ron White was trying to retire to quit? Yeah. I'm talking, I'm not gonna retire. Like, what the fuck are you talking about? Why would you do that? Yeah. Why would you do that? Isn't it comedy fun? Yeah. He's like, yeah, it is. So keep doing fun things. God, what the fuck is wrong with you? Like, I, I, I can't believe I have to give them this advice. I'm like, you're Ron White, how are you thinking about how well could you, why, how much fun are you having when you killing up there? But I think that was the drinking thing too, man. Yeah. He's sober now. Yeah. It was drinking And it was also, he needed a tribe, you know, and he had the tribe a little bit when he was in California, you know, but he was always on the road a lot, you know, and he just decided that being in the center of the country was better.


So he was like patient zero of the Austin Revolution. Yeah. Like a lot of people think it was me, but it was really Ron because I came here knowing that Ron was here. I was like, at the very least, Ron's here, you know, it's two of us. I'm like, I'm not living like this in California. You're not doing this to me. I know what you're doing. I was like, the the, the the fucking caged animal in me is like, I'm getting out. This is not, this is gonna go sideways. I'm not gonna be a part of this. Yeah. Fuck you. I like, okay. Least Ron's there. I was like, my life is gonna be worse than it ever was before. My life is gonna be, all my friends are gone. They're not here. I'm in the middle of the country. Maybe I'll see 'em every now and then. Maybe I'll have to book shows to see them. But at least Ron's here. That's that's what I decided.


Patient zero. Yeah. He was patient zero. So, you Know, and now he hangs out every night we get, we get Ron every night. Oh, It's be, he's lovely. He's the, He's lovely. We were hanging one time. This is my favorite Ron story. And it's me, it's just me, you and Ron in the green room. And you gifted him a really nice Rolex and you guys were having a sweet moment. And I, I couldn't believe I was there to see it. I was like, damn, this is really cool. And you gifted it to him and y'all were having a conversation. I'm like, wow. And he takes off his Rolex and he tosses it to me. He goes, there you go Derrick. And I go, holy shit, Ron, for real? He says, fuck no. Broke into my Rolex. My Rolex back. You idiot. And then you went, so you go, that's the most fucked up shit I've ever seen. Ron, I Forgot.


But that right Now, it was most evil. That was so evil. You, you literally were like, Ron, why would you do that? Well, I thought everybody was just giving out Rolexes up in this bitch. I just thought that Was gonna be a great moment. And my face was like, That's hilarious. But he is the man, dude. I, I, I can't believe I'm friends with him. 'cause I, I've been a fan. I was a kid. I feel that same way. Yeah. I feel that way about a lot of guys. Like, I can't believe I'm friends with you. It's nice. It's not Well that's good. Right? You never stop being both a fan and a person who does it. Yeah. I try to separate it. I try to separate me as a comic off stage versus me as a comic on stage. I really do. You know? So I could just be a fan. Oh, I see what you're saying.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, like, because when I was younger, I used to watch someone going, oh, I would do it differently. Like, if they suck, I'll do that. If they suck, I'll go like, oh, that premise. I think this, you're not explaining this very well. You know what I mean? I, I'll start picking it apart that way. But I like to just be a fan. I don't like to just watch. 'cause I think a lot of people are real hesitant to give up flowers Right. As you Yeah. They kids like to say. Yeah. But the reason why is because they don't feel good about comparing themselves to this person who may be doing better than them. So they, there's a feeling like, ah, he's all right. He's all right. There's a little bit of that, you know? Yeah. Which I don't, I don't like that. It doesn't make sense to me either.


'cause watching this game for the 10 years I've been doing it, it's like, oh, like there's no, like everyone tells me that Sebastian used to was like, nobody knew that he was gonna be the big, one of the biggest arena acts we've ever seen when he first started when he was coming around. You hear older comics figure Yeah. He'd be like, oh, he was good. But you didn't see that for him. So it's like, oh, there is no point to judge somebody harshly. 'cause his game is long. Is Yeah, The game's long and you figure things out. I was terrible when I started. There's no way to not be, especially me. I was socially retarded. I've been hit in the head 150,000 times. I mean, there's some fucking issues there. There was some issues. And I, I was socially retarded because I spent like, from the age 15 to 21, just did nothing but travel around the country fighting people.


That's all I did. So my version of a, a young adulthood was very weird. Like it was a hundred percent competition. Yeah. That was all it was. You know, that's all I did. Well, when you Hear Joey talk about you when you were younger, it's like, oh, he was an animal. You know, like Joe was just an animal before you apparently started smoking weed. He was like, you were way more different about it. But I think a lot of fighters have a hard time transitioning into being a regular person. And I was only an amateur fighter. You know, I was, I couldn't imagine being a guy like, you know, like Dustin Poer who's about to retire, you know, like transitioning to being a regular person when he's been this fucking savage killer for so long, for so long at the highest level.


Like that's like the highest level in the world. Inside the octagon knocks out Conor McGregor. Yeah. And you're like, wow. And that guy's got a transition to being a regular person. For me, there was no screaming crowds. It was weird. High school auditoriums and trying to give people concussions. That's all it was. That was all it was. So, but there was no glory and no money. And it cost me some of my health. You know? For sure. There's, you know, and, and fear constantly living in a state of anxiety that you're gonna have to fight against soon. Constantly. Constantly.


And for some weird reason, I was always like, why am I doing this to myself? I don't have to do this. Like, this isn't, doesn't pay me any money. I don't have to do it. Why am I, why do I keep signing up to do this?


The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and it's time for all the high stakes drama, clutch moments and jaw dropping plays. I can't wait. If you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting, Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the play in games all the way through to the finals. Now's your time to back your favorite players and teams as they chase glory. All season long DraftKings has been the go-to spot for NBA player props. And that doesn't stop. Now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Ready to place your first bet. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app now. Lock in your bets and let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's something special for first timers. New DraftKings customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the draftking Sportsbook app and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino in Resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


Did you ever Have any ambition to go pro to take it to that next level or, yeah, but there was no money. I remember I got offered $500 to do a kickboxing fight. And there was, so if I did that kickboxing fight, I couldn't fight amateur anymore. And I was like $500. So then I can't, like if I ever decided to like try to compete in the Olympics again. 'cause I was trying to get on the national team to compete in the Olympics. But somewhere along the line I got a little disenchanted with TaeKwonDo. And one of the ways that it happened is I started kickboxing and I started getting beat up. 'cause my hands were dog shit. So like, I, I was really good kicking, but if, if I got into boxing and changes, I was terrible. My chin was up in the air. I was fucking swinging punches like a bitch.


It was awful. I get hit really hard. If I hit you, you're in trouble. Yeah. But it was not good. And so I realized like, oh, there's a giant flaw in this. Like for actual real fights. There's a giant flaw in this. And as soon as I started kickboxing, particularly, I had this friend of mine who was a really good boxer, Dana Rosenblatt. He, he was one of my training partners, and he became New England middleweight champion. He beat Vinny Pza in a decision. He lost him one fight and then beat him in a decision. He was legit. He knocked out Howard Davis Jr. Who was a Olympic gold medalist. He was a bad motherfucker. And he also, when I was training with him, made me realize that I didn't really want to do this anymore.


That I was just doing this because I had done it my whole life. And this was like what I decided I was doing then it was like, not only is there no future in this, there's a lot of brain damage coming my way. Like 100% I'm getting it right now. And you know, just sparring with Dana, me and him sparring. I don't know how many times we sparred, but we would beat the fuck out of each other. Dude. Dude. Damn. Really? Oh, oh, it was horrible. Yeah. I go home with headaches. He, and, and if we were in boxing range, he was tuning me up. So I was always trying to stay on the outside. 'cause his hands were way better than mine. But we cracked each other. Oh, you and Dana White would fight? No, no, no, no. My friend Dana Rose. Okay. I was like, no, no, no. I heard Dana. I was like, but if me and Dana were friends, we would do that too.


Yeah. Like I, IS sparred with a lot of my friends. We beat the shit outta each other. It was horrible. But that's how you, what you have to do. You know what the beautiful thing about Jiujitsu is? Above kickboxing is you, you don't have this kind of animosity with your sparring partners because like if you, if you're in a good gym, if, and kickboxing, you're always hurting each other. And he's like, even if you love a guy and you spar with him, you're always hurting each other. So you always have this thing where you're like, fuck that dude, that dude gave me a fucking headache. You know what I mean? You think about getting him back. Like you think about it, he cracked you with a left hook. You're like, I am gonna get him back. I mean, I can't wait to get him back. Whereas with Juujitsu, you can't wait to tap somebody, but you're not hurting each other. You know, if you get hurt, it's an accident.


The, the injuries in Juujitsu are usually either strain related or, you know, you didn't tap right. It's either you strained to get outta something or you pulled yourself the wrong way. Or you didn't tap put it in kickboxing like you're getting, your legs are getting fucked up every day. Wham, Wham No matter what in those pads, they help a little Damn. And they're huge Joe, those pads, when they look like it, when I watch, yeah, They help a little. When if somebody kicks you, like if Israel outta Sonya kicks you with one of those pads on that shit, you can't, you can't believe get the fuck outta here of agony that's involved in that way to make a living. So I was only doing it because I, I didn't know what to do. I was still, but I wasn't the same person that I used to be.


I was, at one point in time, I was just a mad dog. And then I realized like, I am gonna get really hurt and there's no future in this, you know? Wow. Were you already one foot in, one foot out, or did you just stop two feet in, but you were like, I'm done. You know what, it was really, I had one fight when I fought. I fought in the Nationals in Anaheim, and I beat the first guy. So I got into the second round and the second guy was this, I think he was from Illinois, I don't remember, but he was like super aggressive. And I hit him with the hardest wheel kick I've ever thrown in my life. It was perfect. He charged in with like a, a a, a left switch kick. So he was like, did a hopping roundhouse kick off the left side.


And I recognized it right away. There was a pattern, he was making this pattern when he was moving, he would do this thing and then he would always do this. He would do this thing and then he would always do this. So I saw that pattern. I said, here comes. And so he went with this hopping roundhouse kick. I countered with this wheel kick. And I hit him so hard that my heel was sore for days. I was limping for days because the way my heel bounced off his face and he face planted snoring. Like they snore when they go out. Have you ever seen anybody get knocked out? Oh yeah. They're on the internet. Of course you have. I I had seen it a few times in the gym. It's spooky. It's spooky. And so my thing, what I would always do when I'd knock somebody out is walk away.


Like it was nothing. Like, that's what I always do. Like that's what I do. Yeah. I just, I didn't celebrate. I just would turn my head and walk away. And I was talking to my friend IC, who was, he was US national champion. He was a training partner of mine. He was sitting in the, in the seat. And I said, I'll never forget this. I'm like, is he moving? He's like, he hasn't gotten up. And so then they get him an ambulance. And so they put this kid on a stretcher and they have him sitting out there for 30 minutes and he's just on the stretcher for 30 minutes. And then they bring him in the ambulance and they take him to the hospital. And I'm like, yo, When he said he's not, he wasn't moving yet. Did you feel like, Yeah, he could be dead. So this is what scared me.


So I, I had this trainer, my, or this instructor who's like one of the best TaeKwonDo instructors in the world. And I say to him, you know, well, he said to me, he said, he goes, I heard you had a really good knockout at the Nationals. And I said, yes sir. I said, it was, it was kind of scary because I thought, like, I thought for a while that he was dead. And he goes, sometimes they die. And he walked away. I was like, oh Jesus. Oh, was Jesus Christ? Oh, Jesus Christ. And he was fucking serious. He's like, even Rocky Forest and shit. He used to train troops in Vietnam.


Like he was a hardcore dude. He was hardcore. Oh my God. Sometimes they Die. Oh, sometimes they die. Yeah. I think it was Vietnam where he trained troops. I forget where he trained troops, but he was like an elite TaeKwonDo instructor. And he was, his mind was like, his name was Master j, hunt Kim. And he's the, the guy who runs the J hunt, Kim TaeKwonDo Institute. Like that's his business. And that's, that's the place where I came. And he was like one of the few guys that was trained under General Che Young y who was the founder of TaeKwonDo. So there's like, there's a handful of black belts that were trained by this one guy. So it was like a different style. So their style was a very violent and very power oriented.


Whereas there was like an Olympic style that was emerged, that was emerging, that was very points oriented. It was just move fast and like tap and score. Ha. And they would yell and shit like that. Like every time they'd hit, they'd scream out. And so the Olympic style was more effective at winning tournaments. And so the best guys were adopting like this Olympic style. But there was an older style that was just the, maybe they telegraphed the moves a little bit more, and maybe it was a little slow. But the impact was very different. Those guys were killers. Yeah. They were knocking people unconscious. It was very scary. So that's the gym that I grew up in. So I, I had this very fortunate place that I just stumbled into.


You know, I happened to be like one of the best TaeKwonDo gyms in the country, especially for generating power, because they like really emphasize heavy back work. Like he really emphasized heavy back work. It's like you have to generate power. If you hit somebody And it doesn't hurt, that's ridiculous. You got, you gotta, you gotta be able to hit someone to just put them out. Would you get into a lot of street fights? No. Before this or no, even before, before TaeKwonDo, you weren't even getting Into fights with somebody? No. Before TaeKwonDo, I was a pussy. Really? Yeah. I couldn't fight at all. So like, why would I get in fights? I was trying to get away from fights, trying to avoid everybody. I was terrified. Wow. So I just got tired of being fucked with because I was a pussy. 'cause I would get nervous because I moved around a lot. I didn't have a lot of friends.


We, we moved a bunch times and I was a kid, so it was always around new kids and I wasn't big so they would fuck with me. You know, it's just normal. Yeah. So, and I didn't know how to fight, so it bothered the shit outta me. So I'm like, well there's only one solution. You, you know, you gotta become what you're scared of. So you put yourself into Taek? Yeah. You were like, Hey, I wanna do this. Yeah. I got a job, started working washing dishes at Newport Creamery. Got enough money so I could take TaeKwonDo lessons. Holy shit, Joe. And then I started going every day. So after a while he realized like, it would be better if I was just there all the time instead of working. And so he gave me a job. I did not know that About you.


Yeah. I was teaching. So I started teaching when I was like 15. I was teaching people when I was 15. And then when I was 19, I was teaching at Boston University. I used to teach a class, accredited class. It was a pass fail a and I would tell everybody it would count towards your GPA. So I'd say, if you come here, you get an A. That's all you have to do. Just try. You're gonna get an A And it counts towards your GPA. And I'd just tell 'em that in the beginning of the class, I'd go, if you can't come, if you can't make it, just call me and tell me that you can't make it. But I want you to come. I want you to come every time you can. And if you do that, I'm gonna get you better. And we're, we're all gonna learn something. We're gonna, I'm gonna teach. Really get into this. So I was really good at teaching. Wow.


I was really, really Into teaching. That's how you were in there in the gym. When we work out, you had that same energy. So it's like, oh, that came from a place. Yeah. Well that's what I was doing for a living. So from 15 to 19, I was just teaching. So what the, what my instructor allowed me to do, I guess I was training after about six months or so, he, he said, look, this, you can train here for free. All you have to do is teach private lessons. And I was like, great. So I would teach people, the new people, I would teach them how to bow. I would teach them how to tie their GI on. I would teach them how to stand. I would teach them different, different techniques. And I would go through them and get them so they're ready to join into group classes. 'cause you couldn't just go into group classes.


You wouldn't know what you're doing. Yeah. Like they're like front kick. You're like looking around. Someone's gotta teach you how to do it. So it was always like a big deal to let like one of your little birds loose into the main class. Like you teach 'em, get their front kick going, get the sidekick going. They go through a series of private lessons. I tell 'em to practice on their own. Look using the mirror. Give 'em a bunch of like, things to think about as they break down the movements. And you just literally, I've seen you do it in there. Yeah. That is what the mothership is. It's really just a fucking dojo to get better. Yeah. And everything is about everyone pushing each other to get better and like learning together. Yeah. It's like, oh my gosh, you've been on this teachership. Well that's also what my instructor explained to me when I was really young too. Like, I, I say this all the time and I even said it on the podcast yesterday.


Martial arts are a vehicle for developing your human potential. That's what it is. It's just you're using martial arts as a way to get better at life. 'cause this Is really hard thing. And if you could do this really hard thing, other things won't be as hard. You'll, you'll be able to, you'll have more mental and physical horsepower for regular everyday life. You'll have more ability to overcome adversity and weird moments. Uncomfortable moments. You're used to being uncomfortable. It's fine. You'll be fine. It's different. It, Wow. Yeah. See I came up, I I played football, college football. Like I was a football player my whole life. And that was that, bro. That was another one for brain damage.


That How's your head? How's Your head? I'm addicted. Boy, there's some problems. So I got some problem, I got some demons through it, but I grew. But the idea of like, 'cause that's so yourself. You're dealing with fighting, you're dealing with yourself. You're Always yourself. Whereas I, I, I came, my whole thing was team, team, you get to lean on people. You're leaning on each other and, and that's what's making you better. As as how do we play the best as a group? Right. You know? Well, that's great too. And I think that's probably more beneficial to society is learning how to play in a team. My problem was like, you know, when I At dude, I was a bad motherfucker. Dude, You handsome. Off pin. Look at you. So handsome. You look a good look. You look like a fucking model dog. Look at at you. Dude. I went to, that's one of the top high school football schools in The country.


We gonna shoot back to looking like that. You could look like that again. I know. You just gotta lay off the carb. I, they're so good. Oh, they're so good. Derek. Come on. Hot Cheto and Pasta. They're so good. Oh my God, they're so good. And then just like, because you stopped, you told me the other day you haven't been drinking again. You, you stopped drinking. Right? It's Been, yeah. It's been more than a month now. Yeah, a month. And some weeks You walked in and you were Like three weeks off boys. And I said, Jesus, fuck dude. This bro. All I had all this fucking side fat and belly fat that just went away. But most importantly, I just feel better. Like, I never have days where I'm recovering from being drunk. Like I sound like shit now because I have allergies, which is hilarious. 'cause I always made fun of people. I was like, they're like, eh, in three to five years you'll get allergies.


I'm like, shut up pussy. I'm not getting these fucking bitch ass allergies you guys get now here. Yeah. You wiping. Yeah. It's so annoying. It's so annoying for everybody to be right. Oh yeah. My wife gets me on that honey natural. If you get honey from a local honey, it gets rid of your allergies. I've heard that too. But the lady that we had in here that was a beekeeper says it's bullshit. Fuck.


The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and it's time for all the high stakes drama, clutch moments and jaw dropping plays. I can't wait. If you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting, Draftking Sports book has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the play-in games all the way through to the finals, now's your time to back your favorite players and teams as they chase glory. All season long DraftKings has been the go-to spot for NBA player props. And that doesn't stop. Now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Ready to place your first bet. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app now lock in your bets and let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's something special for first timers. New DraftKings customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the draftking Sportsbook app and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. If you or someone you know has a GAMBLING PROBLEM, call the Virginia problem gambling helpline at 8 8 8 5 3 2 3521 and over Virginia only Eligibility restrictions apply. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. Sometimes speed is a huge asset like in the ring or on the field. Being quicker than your opponent could be the difference between winning and losing in the world of business. It could be the difference between finding or missing out on your next great hire. Luckily, you can speed up the hiring process with ZipRecruiter. Their new zip intro feature can help you meet several interested qualified candidates at once, kind of like speed dating. And right now you can try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro works fast to find the people you need. You can literally post your job today and start talking to candidates in back to back calls tomorrow. It's that fast. And best of all, this feature does a lot of the legwork for you. It finds you top talent for your role and schedules those calls. All you need to do is pick a time. Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with zip intro only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro Post jobs today. Talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


Yeah, not only that, she said most honey, that like a, not most, she said a lot of honey that you buy in the store is not really honey. Yeah. They, they fuck you. They put like corn syrup and some fucking this and that And it. Yeah. They they, they have fake honey. Fuck. Man. Isn't that crazy? Is anything real? Isn't that crazy? Why would they do that? China, they're getting us, they're like these dummies that are gonna check, they're not gonna check Cause it wasn like, do you remember what she said, Jamie? What percentage? She said, but she did say that a lot of honey was fake. Honey. Right. Bro, It doesn't make sense. 'cause that's such a thing that's been natural in my head since the dawn of time. Right? Honey, Have you ever seen those cats that in the Himalayas? I think it's, is it Tibet?


Where is it where they get that psychedelic honey called Mad Honey? Remember Jamie? Yeah. I think it's Matt who brought that in for us. We did it during the show. Yeah. We drank, we took some Mad Honey during the show. How was the trip? Sonny? From Best Ever. That's show brought it. Shout out to Sonny. It wasn't. I mean, I was fine. I really didn't do anything that crazy. You definitely knew that you were on something, but we, he was like, take a little bit. I'm like, fuck this. Gimme a teaspoon. I checked all a teaspoon. I'm like, let's go. I'm like, if want to, I want to go like Joey Diaz always says, I wanna meet the devil.


Fuck the microdosing. I'm trying to meet the devil. You guys are fucking crazy. I from I Would you do that before stage Joey School? You would take a full nugget of a mushroom. Don't tell the the police are listening. You were eating something. I don't know what it was. I think that that is the first thing we have to make legal, we gotta get Trump on mushrooms. Just get him to have a little microdose. He'd be like, I'm really killing the game. Yeah. You are killing the game, sir. My wife is these mushrooms great. Yeah. God, that'd be crazy to him on mushrooms. Oh my God. Every politician should be on mushrooms. All wars would end. Do you know how crazy that is for me to say that? And it's also true, it sounds so stupid also because it's me and I'm stupid.


But if I, but if like a a a scholar of someone who you really trusted the pinnacle of science today said, if we could just go get the whole world on mushrooms, the whole, all the wars would stop. It's definitely believable. Everyone would stop dehumanizing people. Everyone would stop treating people like others. Everyone would realize like, oh wow, we're, we're really all connected in some bizarre way That's difficult to interface with sometimes. But we're all connected. We get selfish and we think about ourself only. But if we cannot, like that's like one of the beautiful things about comradery and community. Yeah. If you can, then you all sort of like lock in. You realize like, we're all experiencing this thing together.


We're all like one thing that's separated by biology, but our, our soul, our spirit, our whatever it is that is us inside of our meat bag Yeah. Is a soul. And it's connected to all the other souls and some strange way. And if you can figure out, it's almost like you're listening to some, it's almost like there's jackhammers going off around you, but you hear a really good song in the distance. Like, God, I can almost hear that song. It's almost beautiful. You know? Yeah. Like, you ever be at a restaurant and everybody's talking, but there's just some jam's playing on the radio and you're like, I almost hear that song. Yeah. Just a Marvin Gaye sipping through. That's what it's like.


That's what it's like. Yeah. I think there's different strategies that people used to try to get there. And I think God is one of 'em. Like even the concepts of God. I think what you're trying to do is to get to that place where you recognize like through strategies of like tactics of following commandments and having a mindset and, and giving all your faith to Jesus and all your faith to like, just by act of doing that, what you're doing is you're trying to get closer and closer to whatever the fuck that that beautiful, beautiful song is. It's playing amongst all the noise because you know, it's there. It's just like you hear downhill.


Oh man. Yeah. I, oh my, I I remember, I don't know who this comic said this, but it was great. I always talking me this joke, but he said how people think they're Americans or Chinese or whatever, but we're all on this planet. Like, just zoom out. Yeah. Whatever you think you are, just zoom out a little bit. It's a trap. It's just like the Republican Democrat trap. It's just like the Texas California trap. Shut up. We're all just people. We're all people. And you f that's one of the beautiful things about traveling. You meet friends in Scotland, you meet friends in Ireland, you meet friends in Australia and fucking like, people are just people, man. We're just all people. We just, we adapt to whatever our environment is. We adapt to the culture or the way people sound their words out, you know?


Yeah. Dude, I wanna fit in. If you wanna fit in, you move to the south, you start saying y'all, you know, you said y'all yet. Oh, I say y'all. When did you start? But I'm, I'm from Memphis, Tennessee. Oh, that's right. I'm a little southern board. So you'd always had, yeah. You've always had a y'all pass. Yeah. I've been to y'all. I've been to y'all. I was born in New Jersey and I'm mostly Italian. For me, y'all is a stretch. That's a, that's, I don't want to be disingenuous. Does it ever come out of you? No. Never For funsies. Yeah. But it never accidentally comes out like, y'all, y'all gonna go? No. That, you know, I'm 57. Yeah. I say you are you guys. It's like what?


Like accents are weird, man. You don't realize you have 'em until you hear 'em and you're like, whoa, why do I sound like that? And it's impressive when you see people who can do 'em. I didn't know I had a, a deep Boston accent until I was on television for the first time. When I was 19, I won the Baystate games and I was on this like, local TV news thing and I got a chance to hear myself on tv. I was like, oh my God, I sound like a fucking idiot. Like, what is It? Like heavy Boston accent? Yeah. You Don't have it as bad. I Got rid of it. Yeah. I'm like, that's a dumbass accent. But then you started talking to everybody with a million different accents on the pod. So you, I'm sure you've heard all the different Versions.


I know you get neutral after a while. I think your, your voice gets neutral, But you're not all the way like newscaster neutral where it's just that No. And now that kind of Shit. That's the opposite of comedy. Right? Because that doesn't hypnotize anybody. Oh no. When that guy's talking in the news, like, this is a presentation from NBC news. Yes. Look at my tie. Look at the pocket square. I'm serious. I'm a serious person. Most of those guys are freaks. That's what I, I love when those guys get caught. Oh yeah. It's just those guys are just doing coke and banging hook In a harem of gay men. It's insane things. They do valets or animals. These guys are, and then, but on television, I present the news meanwhile they're wearing a cock ring and fucking freaks All those, like, all those people that pretend to be proper, those are the ones you gotta keep your Eye on.


Yeah. They never have real opinions either. It's all just whatever. It's just a job. Bill Cosby was the guy who pushed the most for clean comedy. Yeah. Isn't that Crazy? Yeah. That's Is it though? Is it though like, like scolding everybody for their language and their subject matter. God, he was scold comedians That Eddie Murphy Bit is so good though. When he told Richard Pryor that Bill Cosby, he's like, you making money? Yeah. Other people laughing. People laugh. Yeah. Do you get paid? Yeah. Tell Bill to have a Coke and a smile and shut the fuck Up. That's one of the greatest jokes of all time, dude. It's so good. Well it was so good too, because Eddie Murphy could do such good impressions. Yeah. Yeah. And all the accents, He's another one like this just stopped doing comedy.


Like if Eddie Murphy would've been bigger than all of 'em, all the arena acts we were talking about before Eddie Murphy would've been bigger. Bigger bro. He was so good. He was so powerful. Go back and watch Delirious. Oh my God. He was like 20. Hey, that's what's crazy. Whenever I do watch Delirious, I'm like, he was Like 20 And he's got full command of this. What? 4,000 seater, 5,000 seater Murdering, wearing a leather jumpsuit or some shit. Just out fucking abs out dude. Oh my God. Yeah. It is crazy. It's, but it's interesting. Like people, people the past, they choose in life, you know, Movies, movies would be calling, I think it call it's a velvet prison.


Yeah. I've heard you say that to Assan once about writing jobs. He was like, it's a Velvet prison. Yeah. That's another velvet prison. But like, I'm sure Damon Wayne's had a good time making all those TV shows, but wouldn't it have been amazing to see him being this guy that's like selling out arenas all over the world. Like that's where it should be. That's where it should, he would still be doing it right now. He could do it right now. He could just abandon all that TV nonsense right now and go back to it and still be one of the best alive. You know, that guy records, like every show he has a camera that he takes with him on a tripod. He sets it up, he records every fucking show and he puts 'em all on his computer. He goes, I've been doing this since 94. I'm like, wow. Yeah.


That's so many five. And and how many specials? He he doesn't have No, doesn't have a lot of specials. Yeah. Compared to other guys where you see, not compared To how good he is, it Doesn't make sense. Yeah. It's crazy. He just, you know, someone's paying you, you go, you enjoy your work, you like it, you know, there's nothing wrong with those decisions. Yeah. And he's obviously very successful. But you know, when you, you gotta think like, when you see guys like Schultz selling out arenas and Bert selling out arenas and Tony selling out arenas and it's like this. Don't you want to get in on that? Like, come on man, Talk to me Damon. I help, I'll help you. Oh my God. That'd be sick to see him make a comeback like That. Yeah. I would love to see him do that. I just think after a while, do you really wanna work for somebody?


Do you really wanna show up And, you know, read the script and do the table? I mean, do you wanna do that? No. Fuck. I love just showing up eight o'clock. Oh man. Get up four or five times in a night. Oh, there's nothing. I love it, dude. I mean, mean the idea of doing some stuff seems fun, but the, to make it my, I saw Seinfeld say that. He was like, man, this is, it's one of the, we have one of the few jobs where people want this job. Yeah. How many, like very rarely do I see a, I don't know if there's, there's no job where I'm like, oh, I'd like to really like to be that. Yeah. This is the job. It's One of 'em. That's for sure. Rockstar is Probably the big one, right? Rockstar's probably the biggest. Yeah. But I don't see The rockstar thing.


They could sing the same ass song every night forever. Yeah. Like if you're the Rolling Stones, you could still sing Brown Sugar. Nope. Can't sing it anymore. Can't sing that one. That might minute they Don't sing Brown Sugar anymore. No. Come on, bro. You ever see the lyrics to Brown Sugar? What are the actual lyrics? Oh, what is it Justin? There's a reason why they don't sing it anymore. It's a great song. Don't get me wrong. It's still on my Spotify playlist. But if you, I think it, I might have pulled it out. I might have got scared. Wait till you see the lyrics. That playlist is crazy long. It's Great. Yeah. The Playlist is Wait, we get, we get turned up in there. I you we do. I think that playlist is like 35 hours long now. Lemme see. You keep adding to it.


I keep adding to it. I love it. Yeah, because every once in while I 33, 33 hours and 49 minutes. Yeah. I love when we're in there and then I, I'll be like, who the fuck is playing this? And I'll look up, you just like, and it's like, so who, who got you on the Black Panther album or whatever? You'll just listen to some random shit. Hey, who got you on this? Oh yeah. I love a good random shit. Like if I'm in a bar and I hear some cool random song I love, like, that's why I love that Shazam app. Ooh, that'ss. So nice. Top tier. Here it is. Yeah. Gold Coast slave ship bound for Cotton Field. Sold in a market down in New Orleans. Startled Slaver knows he's doing all right. Hear him whip the women just around midnight brown sugar.


How come you taste so good? Brown sugar? Just like a young girl should. Yeah. Yeah. Drums beating cold English blood, blood runs. Hot lady of the house. Wondering if wondering where it's gonna stop. House boy knows that he's doing all right. You should have heard him just around midnight. This song's Horrific. This song's crazy Brown sugar. How comes he tastes so good? Brown sugar, just like a young girl should. Oh yeah. Yeah. Get down on the ground. Brown sugar. How come you taste so good? Get down, get down brown sugar. Just like a young girl should I bet your mama was a tent show queen and all her boyfriends were sweet. 16.


I'm no school boy, but I know what I like. You should have heard me just around midnight. This song's crazy. He was fucking ick. Jagger was loose in his mind. This is a crazy song. Just to write all this down. Slave ship. Did you say slave ship? Slave ship. Just like a young girl. Shit. What do you what That brown sugar. You taste so good. Sold In a market. What? And And it scroll down a little bit. This was another one that I, that I like. I'm not sure what they're saying here. Hold on. Go scroll down a little bit. Oh yeah, I bet your mama was a tent show queen. What does that mean? What does that mean? What the Fuck does That mean? What is a tent show Queen? What's a tent show? Well, it's whatever it is. She's getting fucked. Something Horrible is happening.


Whatever's happening in that tent, That song is crazy. So they don't play that song anymore. When you go see The Stones, You saw 'em, you've seen 'em live, right? Yeah, Bro. You seen 'em live. You can't believe you're, they're really there. They're like, you're like, is that really them? It just seems so strange. A tent show. Yeah. They're probably one of the, if not no, they're definitely one of the biggest bands of All time. Tent shows are a generic term for traveling shows that pitch tents. So a tent show Queen would've been a feature performer, probably in a vaudeville act if the song is progressing forward in time. The fact that she had a 16 year old's boyfriend suggests she's either extremely sexually liberal or more likely prostituting herself.


If she's prostituting herself. The power dynamic is reiterated a black woman at the mercy of paying white men. Huh? What kind of fucking scholarly take on this? Yeah, I Know song is that. What is that? What are they saying? This is so Dr. Weird. No, that's fucking crazy. There's a weird definition. Yeah, there's a Website that gives you insight on lyrics. It's crowdsourced, but doesn't necessarily mean it's Accurate. Oh, I see, I see. Because I'm reading this. I'm like, the power dynamic is reiterated. What? A black woman at the mercy of paying white men. Yeah. She advertised herself during the show and then sleeps on the side If, what is that?


I'm not, You know Those shows though? You ever seen any of those? Those black box shows. Black people Used to be Monsters. They were monsters. They were monsters. And Carney Carnies would come into town, these carnival people and rob everybody and steal and probably murder. Just dirty people traveling around trying to stay alive and conning people out of their money. And you know, the bearded ladies got fucking glued hair stuck her face. You know, you, what did I pay to see? They still do that shit. Oh yeah. We went, you ever heard of this place called The Box in London and they have one in New York too, but the box? No, Schultz took me this fucking psychopath. We go to the box this after the, after we do Royal Albert Hall.


It's a great night. We go to the box around 2:00 AM That's when the show starts. Really? It's one of those kind of shows. 2:00 AM 2:00 AM They take your phone, they lock it up. Whoa, Joe. There's people shitting on stage and rubbing themselves in shit and fucking each other on stage. What? And putting crazy huge dildo rods in each other. Are you Getting anybody in trouble by saying this? No. This Is a, this is an organized Business. This is legal. They have Multiple of these. The box. Yep. That's it. And they were shitting on each other, Shitting on Joe, shitting on each other. Did you worry about getting shit on you while you were there? How cool. Sweet. Did these people, we Had like a nice little booth. Luckily were you were with Schultz. You gotta know when to panic and get out of the building if shit starts flying around. Oh dude. It was crazy. Once people start shitting in public, like I'm out And rubbing it.


I, he was dressed Like a baby online. I don't have to be here in Person. Oh, I, that night that was great. I was ready to fight because I was about to fight Schol and them. I walked in and there's tranie, there's all, you know, there's, there's all kind of people in there. Right? Right. When I walk in with a big dude dressed like a woman, but a dude, I mean, big ripped. Right. Just fucking reached for my balls and dick as we're walking in. Oh boy. Oh, oh yo. What the fuck man, I'm looking at. But nobody else sees this happen. Me and him have this and then he keeps walking and I'm now, I'm on 10. I'm like, oh, what the fuck? I'm, you're not having fun anymore. Now I'm, I'm ready to fight. This is crazy. This guy just like trying to touch my dick. What the fuck is going on? Kevin Spacey. Yeah. And they think Kevin spacey me. He fucking Kevin spacey me. I Think, I think amongst that community, that is a common way of saying hello.


Oh, It was working for him. I saw him later fucking having pretty much having sex with a guy later. Yeah. But you just gotta take a chance. You look like a gay guy, is what he's trying to say. I think he saw the flagrant. I don't know what he, He speaks you beautiful. Yeah. But maybe he did see that happen. That's What Schultz said later Probably. Yeah. But probably saw that up. I didn't know. So I'm hot. Let's Go. I'm on tape, but they think I'm on 10 because everyone's gay. Oh. So show to them are like, Derek, you gotta stop being homophobic, man. Like, it's just a weird show. Oh. And I was like, I'm about to fucking kill you guys. That guy tried to grab my dick And it was just a hor it was like a curb. Your enthusiasm. Level of miscommunication. But I mean, it was one of the, I've never been more mad dude. Really? The, I, well I just, the idea of some, a grown man touching my dick physically like that. It was just, It's very disrespectful.


I don't, I don't like being disrespected like that. Yeah. It's scary. It's scary.


This episode is brought to you by Amazon MGM Studio's. New movie The Accountant two in theaters April 25th. Ben Affleck and John Bernthal are back in the accountant too. When an old acquaintance gets murdered, he leaves behind a cryptic message that leads straight to Christian Wolf, the uniquely skilled accountant to figure out who's behind it. To solve this thing, he will need to team up with his estranged and seriously Lethal Brother Brax. It's got crazy action, but it's also hilarious. The relationship between the brothers is something anyone with a sibling can relate to. And trust me, this is an all rated action thriller that you gotta experience on the big screen. The accountant two only in theaters. April 25th. Checkout the accountant two movie.com to learn more.


This episode's brought to you by Oracle. There's a growing expense eating into your company's profits. It's your cloud computing bill. You may have gotten a deal to start, but now the spend is sky high and increasing every year. What if you could cut your cloud bill in half and improve performance at the same time? Well, if you act by May 31st, Oracle Cloud infrastructure can help you do just that. OCI is the next generation cloud design for every workload where you can run any application, including any AI projects, faster and more securely for less. In fact, Oracle has a special promotion where you can cut your cloud bill in half when you switch to OCI. The savings are real. On average, OCI costs 50% less for compute, 70% less for storage, and 80% less for networking. Join Modal Skydance animation and today's innovative AI tech companies who upgraded to OCI and saved offer only for new US customers with a minimum financial commitment. See if you qualify for half off at oracle.com/rogan, that's oracle.com/rogan.


Well imagine being a woman and that Happens. That's what I was thinking. Yeah. That's how I felt. That's that's reality. There's there's bad people out there. You know, guys grabbing asses in bars and beating up boyfriends and Yeah. You gotta be careful. You can run into the wrong dudes. You know how people are jealous of, you know, other comic success. Well that ain't shit compared to like the way ugly dudes are jealous at handsome guys with a good looking girl. Whew. You know, then that guy becomes the enemy. Look at this fucking pussy. Look at this fucking pussy with that girl. Look at her at that fucking pu. And they all have as mutts, they all get together and speak mutt language. Yeah. Fucking fucking pu Probably from out of town. Probably from that other piece of dirt where all those pussies live.


Where you from? Pussy. From that pussy town. Just Another town over Down the road. Some fucking rival baseball team that beat 'em when they were in seventh grade and they still haven't let go of it. Yeah, dude. They get pissed. Yeah. There's a lot of idiots in the world, man. They all need mushrooms. All Of 'em. They all need mushrooms. Yeah. Yeah. Mushrooms would make you, you'd abandon all that towny shit. You'd be like, what? Oh my God, this is so silly. Yeah. You realize how big the world is. Yeah. I've picked such a small camp, a town of 2200 in the middle of Nebraska. I'm Trying to start fights with the people from Des Moines. Yeah. Fucking Iowa faggots. You know, people are so silly.


They're so silly. God, how fast would you have kicked that guy into oblivion if he tried to grab your dick Like that? Well, you don't want to just escalate Right. To like extreme Violence. That's what I told Schul. They're like, why are you, you look so angry. And I was like, bro, I was on. You know, you hit that point where it's like, I'm not having fun anymore. You gotta be careful. I'm here now. You Gotta be careful man. People get stabbed, people get shot. Yeah. People you don't, extreme violence is should be reserved for really defending yourself. Yeah. You have to defend yourself. You have to know you're actually being attacked. That Guy was literally trying to have this guy on Molly. I'm sure he is drugged up. You're on Molly, you're on this, you're on that. Yeah. Cocaine. And you're fucking, you're dressed like a Fairy. You should never exchange violence with someone unless you're fucking have to. You shouldn't avoid it at all.


That's why I never had any street fights. Like avoid it at all costs. I mean I had like one in high school. Well I had two, two in high school. They were nothing though. No big deal. But then once I started competing, I was done with all that. Yeah. But if you do two, somebody up, like they die sometimes. Like what my instructor was saying is true. Especially in the real world. 'cause people fall and they hit their head on the concrete. That happens. People die like that all the time. They get knocked out, their head bounces off the concrete and then they're dead. Yeah. It's like getting a giant rock dropped on your head from like a second story building. Yeah. Think about what the, the earth is, you know, like the earth, like the concrete is immobile and so hard and all of the weight of your 200 plus pound body falls backwards and your head bounces off that concrete and it's the most sickening sound.


Ooh God. You hear it all the time on that mat When people get knocked out. Yeah. But that's like way safer. Yeah. Than getting knocked out on the concrete. But yeah, I do hear it all the time. It's, it, it bothers the shit outta me when I see someone's head bounce. When they get KO and their head bounces off the ground. I'm like, oh bro. Did you ever see the one when Josh Emmett knocks out Bryce Mitchell? Oh My god, dude is one of the worst one punch knockouts in the history of this sport. He knocks him out and Bryce Mitchell's legs are twitching and he's like locked up, completely out cold. And when he goes down, now imagine someone gets hit like that on the street and you fall back like that on concrete.


So not only do you get destroyed by the punch, but then you get destroyed again by the earth with covered in concrete bouncing off the back of your head with all the weight of your body and leverage to the back. The head is the first thing that hits your head, flies back and all this weight is bang. Watch this. Well this, this is a crazy knockout dude. It's so fast. You don't even really see it. But Look at his, his legs start shaking. Shaking. He's shaking Joe. Yeah. You hear DC saying He's shaking. He's shaking Joe. Oh my god. Flush.


Flush. And Josh Emmett is a little tank. I mean he's 145 pounds for about five seconds till he weighs in. Then he probably weighs about one 70 and he hits like a fucking mule. Look at this. Boom. Look at the back of that motherfucker. Look how he's built. Man. And imagine how much force is involved in that guy punching you in the face. Oh, the craziest one I ever seen live was we, we were together, we were in Phoenix And it was when Tony fer Chandler kicked Tony Ferguson. Oh my God. Yeah. That's one of the scariest ones. I, I remember I was, because I was high too. I'm not sure. So I was like, Oh, you watch the soul leave his body. I thought jokes spiral back down and Just, it was scary. I remember how scared I was for this grown man of like, oh my god, he hasn't moved.


And you just seen that, that that. Yeah. Oh my God, that's, I saw that live. That Might be one of the best front kicks of all time. That's perfect. The technique is perfect. I mean and that's a real picture. That's a live that he made his face look Like that. That's so crazy. He looks like, like a grandpa in a Pixar movie, doesn't he? But oh, that was, that was a scary, that was the scariest one I seen. But my favorite knockout I've ever seen was that, I mean we were all in the green room. I don't know if you were there for this one, but it was Whitney's weekend. It was like 1215 of us in that green room. And it was when Izzy knocked out, ton knocked out. Oh my god.


He got him Back. That was the greatest celebration of all time At all. All Time. Fortify your mind. Yeah. That line sticks with me. I said not just the whole thing from beginning to end the three arrows into his body while he was down. Breaks It. Yeah. Izzy looks at his son and then falls on his back to mock his son. 'cause his son had mocked him. That's years ago. Petty. He is years ago. Kill bill level Removed. He looks at, at his son who falls down like the kid did. Yep. A little kid. And then he pops back up and then He, he then he pops back up and then he gives like the best post-fight speech in the history of the sport. It was like he wrote it already. It was Beau. I remember how beautiful it was. I wish you feel this one time in your life. Yeah, here it is.


Oh, Now watch this. I mean that hypes you up dude, bro. And then watch this. He finds his son Remembers, He remembers slick look like points to you. Look, you, you, you, you check this out. That kid's like seven years old. That's fucking coming. That's literally, that's so petty. That's so petty. That's so petty. Wait, remembered founder. Oh yeah. He is like, oh yeah, check This out. Motherfucker Think I forgot God. Now Joe, was he lulling him? Was he when he No, he was getting fucked up. He was really getting fucked up. Okay. Yeah.


His leg. He told me that his leg was getting compromised already. One of the things in the first fight. So the first fight in the UFC Peloton wins and he wins by stoppage. And Izzy said I wasn't even really hurt. I just couldn't move 'cause he had fucked my leg up so much. I couldn't get outta the way of his punches. Damn. He's like, but I, I wasn't hurt like real badly hurt. To the point where he's wobbling. He's like, my leg wasn't working. He'd kick the shit out of his leg. He's his calf kicks are so nasty. He's like outta all the people in the sport. He's the worst guy to have kick your calves. 'cause he sneaks them in and there's two and three and before you know it, Oh fuck, my leg don't work anymore. God. And now you're trying to get away. It's teeing Off and you got one leg and you're trying to dance and pretend.


So you're putting all the weight on this leg. So you're trying to pretend like you got two legs. But he can tell, you can tell he thud, he hits it again thud. So he, he had Izzy in real trouble, but he opened up too much. He just opened up too much And you know, to order to like close in on someone and bang 'em out, like you gotta leave yourself exposed. Sometimes there's risks to reward. Right. And the, the the cautious patient thing to do is you, you throw a lot of faints and then you throw your shots in. Yeah. But he was just teeing off at this point. And when you're just teeing off, you're assuming that the guy's incapable of countering in a, to a certain extent or not that he's incapable. You're, you're taking the risk of getting countered.


You know. Whereas if he just kept playing that game and like fainting and moving and, and slowly picking and poking and no he just charged in a little too much. Mm. He, you know, he thought Izzy was hurt more than he was. And then Izzy got him that Right hand. He got him. He Just fucking great. One of the greatest knockouts of all time. Especially when you think about like the significance of it and you think about like historically, you know, two great champions. One guy who had knocked him out in kickboxing and then knocked him out in the UFC and then he knocks him out cold and gets petty, gets so petty. And then after Petty gets super inspirational. Yeah. And gives one of the greatest post-fight speeches of all time.


I think the greatest, I don't think there's ever been a better, oh maybe, maybe Rose Nuni. That was right up there too. That one made me cry. Yeah, I remember that. Yeah. Yeah. She's sick. She's a badass too, dude. Yeah. But yeah, that Izzy one man, that's, I mean he's the reason I never, he got me into the idea of UFC. Yeah. I never, before he got into because he was into the nerd stuff. Yeah. And I couldn't believe that there was a guy who was like being like, yo, I'm a nerd. I'm a nerdy dude. I like nerd shit. Yeah. And I'm kicking the fuck out of people. And that got me locked in. And also like a sweetheart, sweetheart of a guy. Guy's the best. So fun just to hang out with and shoot the shit. He's silly. He's fun. Oh dude, he's playful. You know, he's just a real good guy. Real smart. Oh. He took us to a club when we were in Brisbane with me and sh and him.


Oh no shit. And we just danced till Like three in the morning. Just fucked up. That's, it was awesome. He took us to like some local spot that he likes, you know. Oh that's awesome. But he's the man dude. That's awesome. He's just the fucking man. But yeah. Yeah. The nerd shit made me lock in of like, It's, it isn't interesting how different those guys, I mean like we were talking about like Dustin Poer, like having a regular life. Like the same thing with Izzy. Like how do you have a regular life after you did that, you did that, you did that in front of the whole world. The whole world was watching. It was, there was so many consequences on that, that fight. 'cause you were winning. He was winning that first fight. Yeah, he was winning. You know, he was head on points and then the fourth round or the, it was the fourth or the fifth where he got put out.


You know, it was, you know, it was devastating. Like this motherfucker got him again. Yeah. 'cause he got robbed in the first kickboxing fight. Izzy got robbed in my opinion. I went and I watched that fight several times. I, I mean robbed is a tough description, but I would say I do not agree with the decision. I think Izzy won that kickboxing fight. And then the second kickboxing fight, Izzy had him on skates. Izzy had, Izzy had him hurt at one point in time. But he recovered and then he caught Izzy with a left hook from hell. Just a left hook from hell. That motherfucker hit so hard, dude. Yeah. It looks scary. He hit so hard and he wasn't even as big back then as he is now. Like he a lot of strength and conditioning work since then. Like he didn't, doesn't look the same like then as he does now, now he looks way more strong.


And so he, he knocks him out and then they fight in the OC and he knocks him out again. And then Izzy finally knocks him out And it was awesome. And then puts the arrows in his body for the three times he beat him. Yeah, I know. He said that was like, he didn't even think of that. He just did three. He just felt like doing three. But it was really the three times he beat him And it just came out of his body just came out Of his body. This motherfucker got me three Times five, oh I don't know who was on stage that night. But we ruined their set 'cause they came on stage like, oh yeah, you just, I'm, I'm in the middle of a joke and you just hear 30 people in the green room go. Ah. And I thought Whitney too. Ah, all of us. 'cause it was just, oh this is a moment dude.


Yeah. And you can feel it when it just the way he did it and then when he's yelling. But that's one of the most inspiring that speech it, whenever I'm working out or doing anything that fortify your mind. It plays in my head. Fortify your mind. Jamie played that for us one time. It's, it's like one of the greatest speeches of all time. And you know, he asked me for the microphone too. He did? Yeah. I Was like, yeah man, people Earth, I need to say something. Listen to me. I hope every one of you behind the screens on this arena can feel this level of happiness just one time in your life. I hope all of you can feel how fucking happy I am. Just one time in your life.


But guess what, you'll never feel this level of happiness if you don't go for something in your own life. When they knock you down where they try and shit on you, when they talk shit about you and they try to put their foot on your neck. If you stay down, you will never, ever get that resolved. Fortify your mind and feel this level of happiness that you rise one time in your life. But I'm blessed to be able to fill the shit again and the again and again and again and again. Woo. I mean, fuck man. Damn. While you rise. I mean it's, it sounds like something from a movie, like a speech before war. It sounds like like 15 writers sat in a room and came up with the perfect, perfect lines.


Yeah. And then If that was in the movie Gladiator, I'd be like, oh yeah, that's what, that's, that's how good that is. And I bet that just came out of the moment. I didn't even ask him. I should have asked him next time I talked to him. I bet that just came right out of the moment. It was just right there. It was a perfect event for him. It was perfect. The way it went down was perfect. You couldn't, you could never script that better in a movie. No. To see him flattened out out cold and then put arrows in his unconscious body. Ooh. He knocked out a Easter egg island man guy Fucking Pelotons Easter egg hoodie, Easter Drive study. Oh it's not an Easter egg island. I thought it was Easter Egg Island. Bro.


Alex Ra is the scariest kickboxer he's ever competed in the sport. He's like the one guy above all that. I would say if he hits you once, you're dead. He just has to hit you once at all. The guys I've ever seen fight, I don't think anybody, I could say that more than that guy. Including in kickboxing in everything. He has more power than anybody I've ever seen. In fact, even Boxing, even even, I don't think I've seen anybody that hits harder than that guy. Anybody. Wow. Ever, ever, ever. Except Francis Ano. But Francis Ano is 2 65. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? He's a but in in weight class, like weight class to weight class, Francis could put anybody out too. But he's not at the same skill level as Peloton.


So when Peloton does it, it's like, so like when he switch kicked Yuri Prohaska and KD him at the beginning of the second round. Yeah. Jesus Christ. Like what the fuck man? And he KD him already at the end of the first round. Yeah. He's terrifying. That dude's terrifying. Just absolutely terrifying. That power is just from this is like from God. It's like he's got a gift. He's got a weird gift that's just different than every he, you know there's this machine where you punch it And it registers the amount of power. Yeah. With Francis it was like 130 something, something like that. Right. Francis is like one 30 something. Peloton got 1 91. 1 91 with his. How that even with his right hand and I don't even think his right hand's, his power punch.


I think it's his left hook. That's the big one. I bet the big one, the left hook is over 1 91. It's bananas. His power. It's not like anybody else. So when is he knocked that guy out that you gotta understand that's that's different. That's awesome. That's different. He like, that's the top of the mountain. Yeah. That's the top of the mountain in the sport. It's like one of the greatest accomplishments in the sport. Yeah. It really Is. Would you say Peloton is the fastest rise you've ever seen in the USC ever To two division world champions? Yeah. No one's even close. 'cause that guy never says no. They call him up. You wanna fight next weekend? Yes. Oh yes. Just make the wait. He just fights. He fought with a broken toe.


He fought with a broken hand the last time his hand was broken and he had a neurovirus and he still fought. He's terrifying dude. He's crazy. I remember when he came to the mothership and they were like, the security were like, it was terrifying. 'cause he was like, I want to meet Joe now. And the security were like, I know what to do. Yo, me and DC were in the hallway upstairs in the mothership and he's teaching us how he checks the calf kick. How he throws the calf kick different than everybody else. And he's having Palino his coach Yeah. Is translating. So it was me and DC and we're both standing there And you know that little area where the elevator is, where the VIP is. So we're standing there in this little crowded area is like five of us. And Pelotons kicking my legs and he's kicking DC's legs and he's explaining how he lifts his leg up this way and this is how he checks it.


And you're like, oh shit. God. And both DC and I would we tell people about this? Like, I don't even know if I want to give this up because Give us information This, because this is like very good information. Wow. Like he, he never gets hurt with calf kicks And it, he like the way he checks 'em. He does like a hacky sack thing. A lot of people are doing it now. But he was like one of the first guys to figure that out. That he does like this hacky sack move. So when you go to kick his legs instead of just checking it. Yeah. Where he turns it into the kick, he lifts his leg up and his leg just kind of goes like this. And the the kick just goes, we, Oh, it just kind of Grazes it so it never pounds on his calf the way he pounds on theirs When it's just straight and boom, you're getting that force while you're playing.


But he also has a different style. Like he's not heavy on the front leg 'cause he, like some guys are heavy on the front leg 'cause they want to take him down quick. So they want to be able to like move and take him down. And those are the guys that are gonna have a harder time getting away from that kick. 'cause you got so much weight on that leg. So he just thud, thud, thud. And then now your calf is numb. Your foot is limp, your foot's just dangling around your ankle. Oh That guy's terrifying dude. And again, like how does a guy like that go and become a regular person? How do you, how do you integrate and just be a regular guy after that? Yeah. It's gotta be very weird. Like Shas figured it out. Yeah. Sha But Shab got lucky that he found podcasting, you know, and he, you know, found his car show all gas no breaks.


So like he, he found a way to transition and still have a good time. Yeah. It's very few guys. 'cause you see, I, I remember just the era of watching Tyson go from fighting to finding a rhythm. Yeah. You know, and being in movies, so There's like find, there's like fighters, like Shaw elite fighters, you know, top 10 heavyweight in the UFC. But then there's champions, world champions guys who sell out arenas Pay-per-view stars. Yeah. Like Connor, how's that guy go and be a regular person? How do you do that? You can't, Yeah. It's like, I mean they, they, there's no coaches for that where they teach you how to reintegrate and become normal. Yeah. RIP George Foreman, man, he feels like the only one who was like, he found the grill and was like, Dude, I'm fucking chilling.


We made a lot of money with that grill. He made a lot of money. But he also came back when he was 36. Yeah. And won it again, didn't he? Yeah, he went, he went all the way through till he was 45 and he knocked out Michael Moore, which is crazy. Like nobody did that back then. When he came back at 36. I remember news articles about it and I remember feeling sad. Mm. Because I knew George Foreman when I was a child, like George Foreman on TV when he knocked out Joe Frazier when Ali beat him in Africa. Yeah. That was a famous story because Hunter s Thompson went there and he was supposed to watch it and write a story for Rolling Stone about it. But he was so sad that Ali was gonna get fucked up, that he decided not to go to the fight.


So he stayed at his hotel and just floated around the pool and he fucked up the whole assignment. And it was kind of, and in the documentary they said it was kind of like a pivotal moment in the downturn of his life where he kind of like fucked his life up. Really? Yeah, because he failed in his assignment. He didn't. And back then you couldn't watch the tape. You know this, we're talking about the 1970s. Yeah. So after the fight's over, the fight's over, you did you miss the fight. You don't have a story. And so he didn't have a story and he went all the way to Africa and just fucked off. 'cause he was just being silly And you know like, oh my God, I'm a failure. I failed in my story. And it was like a downturn in his life. Kind of takes a dark turn after that. God, it's crazy how much 'cause you hear that. And it's that speech that Ali gave, which is also one of the most inspiring things ever.


When he is like, I know you got 'em picked. I know you all got 'em picked that. You know where he gets that one. I'll show you how great I am. Yeah. And it's like, wow to hear that even Hunter s Thompson was like, oh wow. The every casual must have been like, oh, Ali's about to get Fucking well you got,


this episode is brought to you by Simply Safe. We've all got our daily rituals. Like in the mornings you might grab some coffee, do some exercise, eat a bowl of cereal, and then head off to work. It's nice having a routine you can go back to again and again. You might even find it comforting, but You know what can bring you even more peace of mind. Simply safe. They have some of the best home security systems out there. And I'm not just saying that the CNET named Simis save the best home security system of 2025. Their systems are topnotch. I think part of that is because SimpliSafe gets the job done fast. They work to prevent break-ins before they happen. Using AI powered cameras and live professional monitoring agents, they can keep a close eye on your property. And if they detect any suspicious activity, they take action. Whether it's activating spotlights, talking to intruders in real time or contacting the police, simply safe gets it done. It's also nice to know there's no bullshit with these guys. There's no long-term contracts or cancellation fees. SimpliSafe even has a 60 day satisfaction guarantee or your money back. Make SimpliSafe a part of your daily routine. Get 50% off your new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and your first month free at simplisafe.com/rogan. That's simplisafe.com/rogan for 50% off and your first month free. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


This episode is brought to you by Carnivores. Snacks. You know I'm all about authentic fuel and carnivore snacks delivers made with just two ingredients. Pure meat and Redmond real salt. It isn't your typical jerky full of additives or heavy marinades. You get exactly what you pay for. Nutrient dense, 100% grass fed beef that tastes real. These aren't cheap, tough cuts like you might expect. Carnivore snacks uses prize selections like Rib Eye and New York Strip offering a unique texture that's a perfect blend of slight chew and an airy crisp. Each five ounce bag begins with nearly a full pound of meat before drying. Make it robust enough to serve as a full meal or as just a snack. I bring 'em to the UFC all the time. It's what I eat when I'm there and I'm stuck sitting at the the desk for six hours and I bring 'em for Daniel Cormier too. We both love them. Plus Carnivore Snacks is a pro-America brand supporting US farmers who practice regenerative agriculture, a method that restores soil nutrients and boost ecosystems. And that means better meat for you. Better care for the animals and better land stewardship. Visit www.carnivoresnacks.com. That snacks with an X to pick up your favorite cuts of meat today and use the Code Rogan for 15% off your first purchase.


Understand man. George Foreman was a machine, he was different. You ever seen George Foreman punch the heavy bag? No bro. He punched the heavy bag different than everybody. 'cause he winds up. Not only does he wind up and punch the heavy bag, he has it stay still. And he just hits it so hard and it's so terrifying that that's all he has to do in a boxing match. He just has to kind of cover up and get close enough to just lump you just w. And a lot of it is arm punches. Look at this, listen to this. Gimme some volume. And he had a trainer, Dick Sadler a tiny by comparison to Foreman and Sadler would hang onto to the heavy bag when a foreman would hit this. This bag.


Sadler had just literally been picked off his feet. Oh my God. Foreman hitting the heavy bag is one of the more prodigious sites I've had in my life. It seems to me that of all the people I've seen hitting heavy bags, including Sonny Liston, no one ever hi it the way Foreman did. So all he's practicing is hitting hard. He's not trying to be slick. You notice the difference. Yeah. When the way like Canelo hits the heavy back or Floyd hits the heavy back, they're working skills. Or when you see Tyson do it and that head is going crazy. Oh my God, Tyson hit the heavy back better than anybody in the history of the world.


Better than anybody. 'cause he hit the heavy back with all these crazy angles and speed. Speed. Like a lightweight speed. Like a lightweight. It's bouncing. It's insane, bro. 214 pounds moving like a lightweight. Nobody was like that. Dude. I still maintain. He's the greatest. I think for, you know, a lot of people shit on me. They said no. Where you don't know shit about boxing. I just think that run when Cusato was training him to the title Cuss was already dead. When he won the title to like a few fights afterwards Losing cuss, he lost his way a little bit. But But that run when he was the man. Yeah. When he knocked out Marvis Frazier. I think that's the greatest heavyweight of all time. I don't think anybody's even close.


I think he fucks 'em all up. Yeah. I think he fucks 'em all if they fight him during that time. People Like to discredit things because of the whole career, but they don't wanna give credit to a run when you see somebody have a run that's Truly, it's all about the run. It's all about the run. Unreal. That's why I always put BJ Penn in the list of all time greats. 'cause during that run, when BJ Penn beat up Diego Sanchez and when BJ Penn fucked up Sean Shirk and Joe Daddy Stevenson when he did that, I'm like that BJ Penn might be the baddest motherfucker alive. Like he might be the baddest motherfucker alive. Like he, I would've put that BJ Penn, I would've loved to see that BJ Penn versus Khabib. That would have been fucking crazy. And a lot of people think that's a ridiculous thing to say. 'cause Kabib was so dominant and BJ lost a bunch of times.


Like you're right. Argument. I accept that I'm, I mean I'm not, Khabib might've beat him. He might've taken him down and mauled him them the same way George St. Pierre did. He might've. Yeah. Khabib is a big guy, especially for lightweight and his grappling skills are unparalleled. Khabib grapples and does fantastic with elite world championship caliber amateur wrestlers. I've heard stories of Khabib dominating guys in the gym at AKA that are elite wrestlers. That's how good Khabib is. So he might've been able to do that to BJ Penn. But BJ Penn might've got him too. BJ Penn might've got him. BJ Penn, especially when he is training with the Marinovich and he had an unstoppable gas tank. Yeah.


'cause he went and trained with Marv Marinovich who was like this psychopath football trainer who had these like radical plyometric training methods and you just, all you did was strength and conditioning. It was like, you know how to fight, stop all this fight training, which is gonna get you in the most in insane shape possible. And when they did that, BJ Penn was unstoppable. That BJ Penn, if they, he they, if somebody could've corralled him and got him to stay with that guy and then train all his skills outside of camp and then only train that way when he had his world title fights and never fuck off. Who knows man. Who knows. He could have been the goat. He was so talented. Man. Wow. So talented. That motherfucker BJ Penn won the Moon Diaz.


Okay. He was the first American to win the Mund ever. The Mund al's the world championships in Brazilian Jiujitsu. Okay. As a black belt. Three years into training, three years into training. First of all, it's insane to get a black belt in three years, but to get a black belt in three years and then to win the world championships is insane. Insane. And that's without even hearing the context. That's crazy. 'cause I know three years isn't long enough to do any most things in Life. I was a brown belt for eight years. I was, I was. And you were Dedicated. It's not like you weren't busting your Ass. Yeah, I trained a lot. I just like, you know, you don't, they don't give those out man. You have to earn it. It has to be real. Unless you're in a terrible gym.


If you're at a legit gym. Yeah. You know, if I'm training with John, John Ano doesn't give out black belts. So you gotta be real to get that. You gotta choke a lot of people to get that. And BJ Penn got in three years. Three years. Yeah. That's just natural gifts. God given Ability. It's, he's an addict. He said it to me like we had a conversation on the phone once. It was really funny. He goes, I was talking to this guy and he was really young and he was like, you know, like he goes, BJ, I admire you. You know I copy your style and this and that. And he goes, man, you got so good so quick. He goes, man, I'm like you. I'm an addict. He goes, I'm just addicted to Juujitsu. And he's like, fuck man. And then I realized that that's it.


I'm addicted to Juujitsu. I got addicted to something really good. I'm addicted. And I was like, that's exactly what it is. Right? Yeah. Yeah. It's the same thing that can turn you into a junkie unfortunately. Just put that dial. Yeah. Spin that needle some towards something else and it's over. I Knew a dude who was a world championship caliber pool player and he was squeaky clean. He ate well. He drank water. He never drank alcohol. He didn't smoke cigarettes, he didn't do drugs straight as an arrow. Super focused world championship caliber player. Then he hurts his back in a car accident and they get him on those pills and falls apart.


Man gets addicted to those pills. The same way he was addicted to being a pool player. Jesus. The same thing that made him just obsess on pool where he's thinking about pool so much, it becomes like the scariest guy to play the same thing. Got him with the pills and then he just overdosed and died young and, but he was like, one time my buddies were hanging out with him and he fell asleep in his mashed potatoes, just fell asleep in his food. They were eating. He just, just grayed out on pills right into his food. They had to pick him up out of the food. Like, oh no, this is a guy that was like straight as an arrow, clean as a whistle, super focused, always dressed nice, always looked good, you know?


Yeah. Thin in shape. Just one just Focused. Clicked To the left and went one clicked to The left one accident and then pills. And then no one understanding how addictive those fucking pills were. The doctors never told you. Yeah. Nobody. Nobody told anybody. You know Now when you see like those documentaries of like how people who just like broke a leg or something. Oof. And then they get 'em addicted to pills and next thing you know they lost their family, their job, everything. I have many people that I know that that happened to many people that I know that got injured, got on pills and just lost their lives. Jujitsu guys, friends. A lot of people, especially again, back before the information was available. Now everybody knows pain pills are super, super addictive.


Everybody knows someone in their family. Yeah. Everybody knows someone that it just can't get off 'em. Everybody knows somebody that died. I know multiple people that have died from pain pills. Yeah. And so that's what got 'em. But it's the same thing man. But that addiction is what makes you great. Yeah. Yeah. It's that thing in your head that makes you obsess on something. That's what it is. It's like this thing where you're trying to figure this thing out and you just want to get better at it. But that could be hijacked by gambling, that could be hijacked by video games. That could be hijacked by any, anybody, Anything Pussing. I've seen guys, yeah. I've seen guys get Yeah. Rant. All that Stuff. Yeah, that's, that seems normal to me. That like makes sense like biologically.


But the gambling one is the craziest one to me. Yeah. That's the weirdest one. Because that might as well be heroin to those people that they, whatever they're getting outta like risking a hundred thousand dollars on a football game and just your Motherfucker, you motherfuckers Watching people do that, like Oh yeah. Gives me so much anxiety. Oh, When ever in Vegas and you're walking through your casino, you just see people at that slot machine and they're just glazed over. It's like the dumbest version of it though. But the big, the risking everything on a game or risking everything on like roll the dice A roulette. Craps. Yeah, roulette. Like that kind of thing is so nuts. It's so nuts to watch. It gives me so much anxiety. Like, do you ever see uncut gems that Adam Sandler Movie?


It's one of the best movies. I I've seen it a hundred times. Dude. So good. It's un And it just shows Adam Sandler in a way of like, oh, this motherfucker can act, act, act, act. He can. For real act. For real act. But yeah, that movie, I remember being in the theater and I'm with my wife and she's squirming and I was like, what's wrong? You all right? And she's like, this is making me uncomfortable, Derek. Yeah. This is making me fucking uncomfortable. Super uncomfortable. And I was like, yeah, this movie, it was 'cause it's the adrenaline rush you're on. You feel like you're gambling. Well the movie's so good. It bring, it locks you in. Like we were talking about like comedies, like hypnosis. That movie was like hypnosis. Like it locked you into this character and his decision making and this, this addiction to gamble that he has and all the shady characters around.


Everybody's pulling scams and everybody's doing this and that. And there's always something happening. And There's few movies that can lock you into a character like that where you're like, I don't even agree with this person and I'm, and I'm so invested. And At the end of the movie you're like, what the fuck? Incredible. Spoiler Alert. Yeah. But it's one of those what the fuck moments where you're like, what the fuck? Yeah, that movie, I, I shut it off and I was just breathing heavy for five minutes. Fuck Man. Oh, it's, and it's, it's, I like a movie like that too, where you're like, this feels real. Yeah. This feels, this feels like you can hack, like you said, it happened to my neighbor, it happened to my best friend. Like this could happen to anyone. Yeah. You just get lost in this. Yeah. Your mind is weird man. People's minds are strange.


Like, you know, minds can go down these weird pathways and it's like most people don't have a good management system for it either. So it's like you're driving this car with no traction control and too much horsepower. It's flying all over the road And you know, ah, and you freaked out and you're always on 10. Like go. Yeah Dude, fuck. Another movie that makes you feel that way is there'll be blood when you're watching. Oh yeah. Because that's the same where you're watching a guy, oh yes. Just go through this life and you're like, I'm getting uncomfortable. He's killing his fake brother and he's fucking, You know what I mean? And by the end, like you said, the ending of that one as well where you're like, what the fuck The fuck is this? I showed it to my wife and she was, she literally goes, Derek, why the fuck did you show me that?


And I was like, you had to see it. You needed to experience this. Yeah. That's how good this movie is. It's an, I love a movie like that where gimme an experience. That's One of the greatest movies ever, ever for experience. Just like for sheer, like just becoming that guy. Yes. He was that guy. Like you believed every single second of it. Ooh, there was no soap opera acting going on at all. No dude, this is my son hw the way he talks. Yeah. The way he is. Yeah. Oh my God. And then you see like him devolve into this crazy billion. 'cause you, when we see crazy billionaires, we don't really, and it's like to see how a person becomes a crazy billionaire because he is not a regular guy in the beginning of the movie, he falls, breaks his leg in that hole. You know what I mean? He's a regular dude.


There's a little element of that guy in everybody that's a crazy billionaire. There has to, You have, how do you get there? You have to manage that the same way everybody manages everything else. Like imagine like trying to manage being Elon Musk. Imagine trying to manage that. Imagine just trying to manage that. I, I don't know how he finds the time. It doesn't make any sense. It doesn't make any sense. Like it doesn't even seem real. Like it could possibly be real. Yeah. 'cause now he works for the government along with still trying to get us to Mars and all these other cool things he's doing. You know what I mean? And people are scrutinizing him at a level like they, they want him to be perfect in every way. And it's like, you don't get that out of these wacky geniuses.


You don't get perfect. You, you get unbelievable capabilities mixed in with all kinds of flaws that even he makes fun of. Yeah. Like, you know, he's even talked openly about like self-inflicted wounds that he gives himself on Twitter. He's Posted about it with like laughter emojis. Like, but he's having a good time no Matter what. I mean he is on That would be like watching the, there will be blood guy also tweeting his thoughts. Yes, it would, you would see some shit where you were like, What the fuck? Yeah. Yeah. Well he is not that way. He's not like murder murderous fucking psychopath steals people's oil. I drink Your milkshake. He's not, he's not that.


No, but I just, the idea, like you said, yeah, it's a little bit in him. It has to be well to conquer like that. I feel like There's, well I think his drive is different than most of them. And is his drive is accomplishments and innovation. Like he's obsessed with getting people to Mars. He's obsessed with the engineering involved in what they've accomplished already with SpaceX. The ability to take a booster, shoot it off into space and then the booster comes down and lands and gets caught with robot arms is so off the charts beyond anything anyone else has accomplished in the world of rocketry and space science and all, all the engineering involved, it's off the charts. Like what SpaceX has done is it's not appreciated enough because he's so polarizing politically because of his affiliation with Trump and because of all the propaganda that has been spun his way.


There's some definite natural reactions that people have to him that are organic and real and they don't, they get upset at some of the things he does that's real. But also there's a gigantic propaganda machine that's trying to paint him as a literal Nazi. Yeah. And they're, they're doing it because they have a vested interest in keeping all these NGOs and all their funding in place exactly the same way it's always been. And having a genius go into all of your fucking booking, bookkeeping and accounting is not good if you've been unchecked for decades and you have a fucking, just an unstoppable budget and a lot of waste and a lot of incompetence and probably a bunch of fraud and theft too.


Of course. Yeah. I mean they've, they've acknowledged that, you know, one of the things they said, which is hilarious, they said he found, I think it was, was it Social security or medicate a bunch of fraud. And then they were saying, well actually the government had already identified this two years ago. Okay, but why didn't, why didn't you have this press conference and say, yeah, why did we wait? Did you just cover it up? Did you make a big deal? Did you stop it in its tracks? Did you reverse it? Did you prosecute people? Did you get the money back? Why? Why are you saying, yeah, we already knew about that. Like, that's not good enough. Like what did, what did you do? How come you didn't find out about that $250 million that went to transgender animal studies? Like you didn't, you didn't notice that one. Didn't notice. I know such a good bit about that $21 million through Iraq and Sesame Street.


You didn't notice that. You didn't notice like fucking, like, just so much of it is kooky. It's so much money and these the way NGOs and nonprofits work. I didn't understand it. I didn't know that. It's all like cyclical money that's like flowing around. There's billions of dollars. It's just flowing around. It's a lot of, it's unchecked and they've been doing it forever and that's why we're $36 trillion in debt. You know, not good. How, how, how do I know man? How does it get that bad? I don't know. But then there's also legitimate arguments on the other side. Like the other side is making a very legitimate argument about the right to due process if you get processed and shipped outta the country and put into prison in El Salvador.


You know what, what is the quote? Was it Benjamin Franklin's quote about innocent and that it is better to allow 10 guilty people to go free than one innocent person arrested. You know, I'm on that side of things. Yeah, that's my, I mean I think due process exists for a reason. And the reason is it is horrific for someone to be accused of something they didn't do, be imprisoned for crimes they didn't commit. And then live in a cell, live in a cage with a bunch of people who did commit shit. Here it is Benjamin Franklin, it's better. A hundred guilty person should escape than one innocent person should suffer. That.


That is wisdom. Yeah. That has survived hundreds of years. It's incredibly accurate. And it is the foundation of freedom. Like we have to make sure that these people are actually guilty, otherwise we become monsters. You can't like, what is that when you fight monsters, be careful that you don't become one. Become one. Yeah. Yeah. It's very important. It's very important. You know, you can't do that. But also you can't, you also have to deal with the fact that the current administration is dealing with the past administration allowing known gang members and terrorists to go right through the border unchecked. That a lot of them they know got through, they don't know the exact numbers, but they know there's millions and millions of people illegally just walked through unchecked.


And a bunch of them have to have criminal records. A bunch of them have to be dangerous. And we've seen crimes that have been committed. It doesn't help anybody on the progressive side to deny the fact that that's a real problem. And then if it happens to your family, God forbid, I don't want it to happen to anybody's, but if it does, you'll feel a sting of regret if you supported that. Yeah. Unlike anything you've ever experienced in your life, you'll be like, I mean it's, you know, it's one of those things where too support one side of this, you have to deny some like basic human values either way. Like to support just rounding people up and just assuming they're all gang members.


I don't, I'm not saying they're doing that, but this is the worst case scenario, right? Yeah. They get a bunch of people in a room, they rope 'em all in and one guy's just someone's cousin picking someone up to give him a ride home. That's possible. And Now you're back on the one innocent person with a, now you're right Back. And what if that dude is not doing anything wrong and he's got some stupid tattoos and they decide that this guy's a gang member and now, now you're in a prison in El Salvador and you're not even from El Salvador and now you know you were just a hairdresser or you are a tattoo artist, family man, wherever you're, yeah. You came over here and maybe you got a green card and maybe you don't, maybe you were just given asylum. 'cause a lot of people from Venezuela were given asylum in America. Yeah. And then you get shipped to El Salvador where you're not even from El Salvador.


So that the fact that that exists scares the shit outta me. But also the fact that they were just letting terrorists and gang members flow freely into the country is fucking horrible. And when you talk about innocent people, what about the innocent people that got murdered by terrorists and, and well not terrorists that really hasn't happened, but gang members and this trend Wawa that were taking over those apartment buildings in Aurora, Colorado and like, that's scary shit man. Armed with machine guns taking over apartment buildings. Like what are we talking about here? Like what are we talking about? You, you're letting that happen. You're not sending in the troops to stop this. Yeah. And You think that wouldn't, in your head you're like, that can't happen in America.


Colorado Bro. They got a guy that had done that in California and they refused to deport him because they said that California's a sanctuary state. They're like fighting to keep a known gang member free in America. The whole thing is bananas. It's like almost like you don't want go full tinfoil hat Sam Tripoli style and just decide, decide that they're trying to destroy America. But if I was gonna try to destroy America, that's how I would do it. Yeah. I'd take over the political process in impart censorship on all the social media like gaslight people to no end consistently do it. AstroTurf stadiums filled with people pretending they support something, pay them to be there, manufacture a movement.


And slowly but surely bring chaos to all the cities. Allow das to get elected that are the worst when it comes to protecting people and the best when it comes to freeing violent criminals. And that that's really their gold. And they can do it on, they can just use words like racial justice. Like just send out, yeah. Send murderers back out into the streets. You just create chaos. Defund the police. Defund now, now you have no police. Like if I wanted to destroy America, I would do it this way. I mean that sounded what you just described sounds like a China, like a plan from another place. Yeah. That's like, Oh, if you wanted to destroy America, if we really wanted to. Yeah. Not with war, but let's just slowly let 'em kill themselves type stuff. Yeah. And then have 'em at each other's back at each other's throats rather, you know, constantly have them fighting over political issues.


Let's get rid of Roe v. Wade, they're a little too, too happy Right now. Get rid of Roe v. Wade and then the liberals are up in arms. How you motherfucker, which was getting rid of Roe v. Wade was actually a good move if you were a Democrat because then people get upset and then they really wanna vote. Like you could probably ignite a lot of people. And that was like, there was some famous videos, there's one famous video of this lady celebrating that Kamala Harris was gonna win. And she was like, reproductive freedom women came out to vote in unprecedented numbers. It was, I'm sure you've seen it. It's a video of this lady mocking this guy working at a liquor store. No. Did you ever see it? Uhuh Didn't see this. It's so good. It's so good because it's like this, this lady and the way she's talking, like you can't be a good person and talk to someone this way or even about someone this way and be happy in the way you're happy.


Yeah. Like it's like people like to be shitty to people and think that it's justifiable to be shitty if that person disagree with it with you so you can be shitty. Whereas the guy in this story is not being shitty to her at all. But she's being super shitty to this guy and, but she's talking about reproductive rights. 'cause like that was like one of the big things that got people to come out and vote for the Democrats. Yeah. Like if I was, if I was playing four D chess and I was Democrat, I was like, this is what we do. Get rid of ourselves. Get rid Of, get rid of ourselves. Get rid of Gotta get rid of upset. And then campaign on that. Okay, now we got all the women Pissed off Because women don't want men telling 'em what to do. Bitch, you can't get pregnant. Shut the fuck up. Shut the fuck up. Just shut the fuck up. Shut up until You can get pregnant.


Shut the fuck up. You know? Yeah. It's like this. So this lady, you got it Jamie? Nope. You can find this video. It's so funny. It's a poor lady, but it's about reproductive rights. Like she's, she's saying that, And it was in a lot for a lot of people, But that was a big one. So like, you would do that, you would do that, you would get rid of that. You would try to get rid of the second amendment. Fuck the second amendment. We're gonna get real all guns. Oh the fucking gun guy. Get up for the Republicans. You know, and then, you know, you would say, we need open borders because we need the, our society is population collapse and they're starting to say things like that and we need, you know, who's gonna pick cotton? They're essentially, essentially for what the fuck? Essentially marketing it. Because they're saying Americans don't want these jobs, so we have to bring people in to pick our crops.


Who's gonna clean your, your toilets? People are openly saying that. Like not realizing how racist they Are. Oh, I remember that lady, the one white lady. She told him that. She was like, who's gonna clean your toilet if they get rid of all the Mexicans? It's like, what the fuck? Who said that? Who was, It was like on the one of those crazy views, One of those view bitches. He Is one of them. Or at least a show like that. God. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hilarious. So there was that going on. If you wanted to like destroy society and make it worse, worse, what would you do? You bring people in from a third world country, don't have 'em, change anything financially. Incentivize 'em to be there. Give them free money while you're not helping the poor people in America. They were giving 'em de debit cards. Free housing, free food. Yeah. Putting 'em up in the Roosevelt Hotel in New York City. Why old shit, if you wanted to destroy society, that's how you would do it.


That's how you would do it. I mean that sounds You would just keep doing like it's working, like it's going in that direction. Yeah. So the problem with things that are going in a radical direction and then, then there's an overcorrection. So the overcorrection is lack of due process. The overcorrection is like round 'em all up, ship 'em to jail. Like that's like some things that you say when you're not thinking things through. Like what do you do about all the criminals? Take 'em all fucking send 'em to El Salvador. Yeah. What what about due process? No. Fuck that. Well, here's the problem with, fuck that. What if you are an enemy of, let's not say any current president. Let's pretend we got a new president, totally new guy in 2028.


And this is a common practice now of just rounding up gang members with no due process and shipping them to El Salvador. You're a gang member. No, I'm not. Prove it. What? How I gotta go to court? No, no due process. That's dangerous, Joe. That's that's dangerous man. That's dangerous. That's dangerous. That's, we gotta be careful that we don't become monsters while we're fighting monsters. But then again, you gotta find these motherfuckers that are here, that have terrorist cells and that are ready to fucking blow up malls in Dallas and, and do crazy shit. Which definitely they've thwarted before. Yeah. So like, this is the best argument for intelligence agencies is that there's real threats.


You know, like for someone to say, fuck all the CIA fuck the FBI, what are you crazy? Who's gonna investigate real threats? Like the real world exists as much as you wanna pretend that the, you know, that we can all go kumbaya tomorrow if we all just lay down our arms. No, there's people that are 48 years old and dedicated to crime. They've dedicated to crime in Guatemala and now they're here, you know, and now they're selling fentanyl and they're not gonna stop. Okay. They don't give a fuck. Yeah. And they're on EBT cards where you're getting money from the government for free every month because you're in a sanctuary city. Yeah. And you get free food and you're a criminal. And then one of 'em, like two of them assaulted cops in New York City and then got out, got free, no cash bail.


No cash bail. You just get out. They assaulted cops and then they're on the street giving the Tupac to the camera. Have ever seen that? No, Joe. It's crazy. What? First of all, we gotta show you the Kamala Harris lady. Did you got the Kawa Harris lady can't find it at all. You can't find it. They probably scrub it from the internet. I don't, I mean, I, she's being shamed. I'm not really sure what to look for, but Eh, you're putting a 10 hat on my head, right? Like that's not Feeling, don't have put it out. We don't have to show it. It's 'cause we've already showed it a a bunch of times. It's how you would do it if you wanted to destroy America. I'm not saying So the question becomes like, how much of it is our own folly? How much of it is just natural human behavior? How much of it is like the right wants law and order.


So we don't want law and order the right wants to punish prisoners. We wanna No, that's it's racist racism. You know, it's like, what is it? What's, But that's just teams fighting. That's so tight. Yeah. Yeah. But also I feel like it's manipulated as well. And maybe more so than anything else. I feel like it's manipulated. And again, if you wanted to turn this into China, and what I mean by that is a, a country that's facial recognition everywhere. Social credit score system that's attached to all of your banking, your ability to travel, everything you do. If you make anything online that's against the government, you could be disappeared. You could be locked up, you could be made a political prisoner.


You know, this is, it felt Like we were heading that way. Yeah. I think this is something that, I think it was Metzger that said this. No, it was Duncan that said this about Ukraine and Russia. He's like, do you realize like the, the Ukrainians that were killing or that rather the Russians that were killing by sending over arms and money to fund the Ukrainians. Not saying that we shouldn't do this, but he's saying that a lot of those guys are being forced to go to the front line. And a lot of those guys are prisoners who get released in order to fight. So what if you're a prisoner because you wrote a bad tweet against Putin and they lock you up and then all of a sudden Ukrainians are killing you with American weapons because you tweeted bad against Putin.


So it's Putin's way of like eliminating Yeah. Any, any descent from like, and they don't even arrest that many people online in comparison to or for doing things online in comparison to the uk. The UK is getting in on it full steam ahead. The UK is arresting people for anything that makes people uncomfortable online. They show up at your house and just fucking arrest you. They've arrested like how many people have been arrested in the UK for social media posts in the last year? You, you're gonna, it is gonna blow your mind. It's gonna blow your mind. This is just posts on social media. Like get, you know, we need to send these illegal immigrants back saying shit like that. Yeah. You get arrested, arrested hate crimes.


Even If I'm joking, even if I'm, maybe I'm just fucking having, There's no jokes. No jokes online anymore. Not in the uk. Not only that, but the guy who was the head of the uk, they're saying now that they could potentially arrest Americans who have posted things online when they visit the uk. Yeah. So reading a post about this, like this could, this law could potentially be used in this way. That if you are a person in America and you're posting horrible shit about the UK government or the immigrant problem or whatever, they have context upon available information. Exact figures 2025, not fully comprehend. 2023. 20. In 2023, 12,183 arrests were made across 37 police forces in the UK under section 1 27 of the Communications Act 2003 and section one of the Malicious Communications Act in 1988, equating to about 33 arrests per day laws cover sending grossly offensive, indecent, obscene or menacing messages via electronic communication networks, which includes social media posts and also dms.


Dms. So people been arrested for horrible dms that nobody gets to see other than the friend that you're sending it to. Supposedly. You have No idea what the context is. That's crazy. Checking into this one time recently, it said that a lot of people may have been arrested, but many of them were not prosecuted and were released Very shortly, shortly after. But it's still right. Okay. That's cute. It's still horrifying because what you're doing is scaring people into compliance. They don't wanna be arrested again. And they certainly don't wanna risk being prosecuted, but they're, they're forcing people to censor themselves. The I read it said that they were breaking the law. I don't know which law They're breaking, right? Well, no, they, they do have a law that there, there is, they don't have freedom of speech the way we have in America. So they do have these hate speech laws.


So they are breaking a law. But the question is, should that law exist? And I say, no, no, that law should not exist. You shouldn't be able to put someone in a cage for saying, and some of them are not that offensive. Some of them are pretty fucking calm. Only this is here only a, oh, Only a 1,119 sentencings occurred for these offenses. Okay. But the problem is now, now go look at how many people were arrested in Russia for social media posts and it's drastically less. But we think of Russia as being the, the country that censors people. Yeah. And Right. China and Russia. That's what you think. Which they do. You can't criticize Putin. You can't go balls out. You're risking your life.


You're in real trouble. Not, not excusing that, but what they're doing in the UK is at a higher level of magnitude. I mean, maybe they're not torturing people and sending 'em to the front line of Ukraine, but they are putting the fear of being arrested in people. Yeah. If you say something that they don't want you to say on social media, The jump from 2016 to 2023 is crazy. Look at Russia. 20 23, 54 people. So in the time where 12,000 people were arrested in the uk, 54 people were imprisoned for online hate speech. Oh, this also In Russia. Information isn't very Russia's a hundred percent accurate with their easy To Find.


Shut up Jamie. I know. From 2010 to 2024, Naya Gazeta Europe reported over 30,000 criminal and administration cases related to social media posts with about 1200 being criminal cases. So they had 1200 criminal cases. Common charges include extremism, extremism, inciting hatred, or insulting state symbols. That's, that's where it gets sketchy. I Can't even make fun of the, the flag or a monument. I can't make fun of It. Nope. Nope. Insulting, making fun is insulting. There's no room for humor in a communist country. UK sucks, dude. I mean, but it's not, you know, Russia's not communist really anymore.


It's really, it's a military dictatorship essentially. I mean, Putin was the president and you can only do a certain amount of time. And then he stopped being the president. He is like, fuck it, I'm the president again. And then no one's gonna win going against him. I mean, we have elections, but what are you doing? That guys wind up getting poisoned and shot and they're like, it's old school. Yeah. He's Fucking, it's old school. He's running that place. It's His, That's his, you're not taking over, Man. I seen that picture of him, you know, shirtless on a horse. I was like, don't fuck with this dude. Yeah. He's a killer. He's a former KGB killer. Like, he's like the real dude. He's a judo black belt. He's a fucking, he's a bad man. Yeah. You know, like, you don't, and he runs that country and they arrest less people.


Yeah. What the fuck is going on in the uk? They're, they're leaning into the same direction that I was talking about that was scaring me about America. I feel like there's a plot, there's a plot to diminish the fabric of society. Like if you want, okay, let's, let's just look at the whole overall world and is it fair? It's definitely not fair. There's clearly there's a reason why these people in these third world countries want to come to Europe and why they wanna come to America because it's better here and it's better there and they want a better life. I get it. But why are they fleeing where they came from? Well run. We bombed the shit outta those places. We bombed the shit outta those fuck up places. We drone bombed them.


We overthrew democratically elected governments with coups. There's a lot of instability that's caused by us. We're like, well, it's our fault. We gotta take these people. It, I think instead of fucking up this one country by letting everybody come in and drag it down to a third world country, I think a better solution is figure out a way to prop up these other countries the same way. I mean, in a simplistic version of it, like if you want everything for yourself, yourself, but you want everything for all your boys too. And everybody, everybody gets better. Yeah. The whole world gets better. So instead of like shipping off jobs to Mexico where they get a dollar a day, maybe pay them real money.


Pay them what you're supposed to be paying them. Maybe give them healthcare. Maybe give them, maybe if you are an American citizen and you wanna hire someone to do something, you have to hire someone under the same structure of ethics that we agree to in the United States. Period. Yes. Period. For all humans all over the world. And if there, the money translates lower because the American dollar is worth more. Okay. But balance it out. Make it that you know, they can afford food, they can afford housing, they can afford healthcare. Make laws agreed where we're, and then you, all of a sudden you prop up the whole world and the whole world stops. The stop having third world countries, including in the United States.


Like, why do we still have ghettos? What, why have we put all this money into funding all these different things with like USAID all over the world and south side of Chicago is the same amount of murders every year, if not more, More every Year, every year. Baltimore, same place. We had a a, a cop in once way back in the day that he was a cop in Baltimore. And while they were working one day, he found a rap sheet, like a arrest sheet of all these different crimes that were committed in all these different areas from like the 1970s. And it was all the same shit that's happening today. And you realize like, oh my God, it's never gonna end.


Like you're never gonna fix this. It's all the same problems in the same areas and nothing's being done. The same drug arrests, the same violence, the same this, the same that all in the same places and all in these areas mysteriously all in these same areas that had been redlined during the Jim Crow era where black people couldn't buy houses where the white neighborhoods are. They had to buy houses as one area. And those areas are fucked. And no one's corrected it, no One's, even now it doesn't make sense. But I Do you think that's just that, that hard to let go, that feeling of I have to be better than, so like Yeah, it's nice to know you're doing better than somebody else. It's just, I just, it's something about human beings that they like that I think it's convenient to ignore people that you're not gonna profit from.


Mm. You know, if you are investing a bunch of money in green energy or you're investing a bunch of money in whatever stupid shit you're doing with windmills, like someone's making money. Yeah. There's a lot of people making money. There's money being exchanged. If you are fixing south side of Chicago, if you're like creating community centers and you're like robust education and counseling and providing mentorship and paths to jobs and giving people like an opportunity to make real money that's enticing. So they don't wanna sell drugs or kill people. Like how many, how are you making money doing that? You're not. And so people don't do it. It's that simple. But it's like what you just said, everyone would naturally, if if everyone's doing it, the world would naturally rise. Exactly.


But it would take time. I guess you're right. It's not a direct profit. It would take generations. Yeah. But it's, there's no effort being done to it. So this guy that's seeing these crimes that were committed in the same area in Baltimore in the 1970s, you know, and this is in the two thousands. He's seen the same shit. He's like, this is crazy. Like this is just, this is a, this is the real systemic racism. This is the real like problem in this. It's not, it's not like black people can't make it in America. No, no, no, no, no. It's like there's an echo of past atrocities that exists in these pockets that's not being addressed. It's never been healed. Yeah. It's never been healed. And there's a convenience in allowing it to stay that way. Like you can count on them to vote a certain way.


If you keep giving them welfare, if you keep giving them food stamps, the, the people that want that are always the Democrats. So those people are always gonna vote Democrat for you. So you like, you're, it's within your best interest to not make them like conservative Republicans or like very disciplined and work real hard and get to the gym at four 30 before they show up at work at seven and we're able to kick some ass and make some fucking money. Wilson, you know, you don't want that. It's convenient. 'cause then they'll vote for you every time as soon as they start making money and realize like, what is the government spending my fucking taxes on? That's what changes you immediately changes you the moment you make some money. Oh, you, You become a Republican. Oh dude here, Hippies that I know became Republicans after they started making money. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Because 50% of your money and you're living in a shitty, you're like, wait, I don't hold on what Minute. And you're letting criminals out. You're like, what is happening? Why is my car keep getting broken into? Like, what do you do? Why are there people camped in front of my fucking house? I gave you 50% of my money. Yeah. This is crazy. Dylan has a great bit about it, about the California offering tax breaks for people that take a homeless person into their house. He's the man dude. It's one of the clips that he put up because he is got a new special that's out now. Yeah. That he filmed at the mothership. But it's, it's so funny and so true. It's like they're just trying to destroy society. What better way to destroy your house. You have a wife and child. What better way to destroy your house than to bring some fentanyl addict in?


This is how you gotta create more chaos. And then California's trying to pass a new law that's being proposed where if someone breaks into your house and threatens your life, you're not allowed to shoot them in your house. Imagine someone breaks into your house and is trying to get, you has a knife coming towards you're not allowed to kill 'em. What Am I allowed to do? You're supposed, you're supposed to run away. This hasn't passed yet, but They, there's no way it can That's that doesn't even, It's so crazy, dude. It's so crazy. It's so crazy. It's almost like they're trying to destroy people's confidence in law enforcement, confidence in community, the feeling of being safe, ramp up everybody's level of anxiety and then offer a solution.


And the solution is to disarm everybody. The solution is to clamp down further and further on. Gun laws make it very difficult to have a gun. You can't have magazines more than 10 rounds. You can't conceal carry, you can't do this, you can't do that if you have it in your car. You have to have the bullets in the trunk and the the Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. The pistol's supposed to be locked up. Yeah. There's all these crazy laws that are just slowly but surely trying to take away your, And you could say no, those laws to keep people from road rage and shootings and criminals commit crime laws don't stop criminals from breaking laws. Laws keep law abiding people from protecting themselves.


That's Damn, that's the fact. That's the fact. Criminal's gonna do it anyway. They, they, the gun's illegal. The fucking, the, the the identification number I've been sought off. Whatcha talking about. They've also, like you said, they've been driven to that point. Yeah. If I'm at that point, yeah. There is no rule that's gonna stop me. There's no rule. Have you ever seen that show trafficked? This is a, a, a amazing show called Trafficked and they went down to LA and they followed these rogue cops who are bringing guns into Mexico and selling them. Whoa.


Yeah. That as one of the episodes. That's fucking Crazy. Yeah. Mariana Ben Zeller, she's amazing. She's been in the podcast a few times. She's brilliant. And it's fearless. This lady, she went to the Columbia into the jungle where they were making coke and then went with the mules, hiked it out with backpacks full of Coke. They had backpacks and she followed them and hiked it out. They showed her how they make the coke. Where they make the coke. Yeah. This is, They were, they changed the wording on this bill Appears. Oh, interesting. The bill, this is where it's scratched out, scratched out bar says the bill would eliminate certain circumstances under which homicides is justifiable, including amongst others in defense of a habitation or property.


The bill would additionally clarify circumstances in which homicide is not justifiable, including among others. When a person uses more force than necessary to defend against a danger. What does that mean? That means you shoot a guy more than once. I, I gotta know he is down. Right, but you killed him instead of just shooting him. That's what they're saying. But you don't under what this bill, this bill is like not understanding fight or flight and violence and the chaos of you realizing your life is danger or your family's life. Great danger. You're what? You just want to shoot that person this On. This is what it says about That part. Okay. The bill would eliminate that provision. The bill would also specify certain circumstances in which homicide is not justifiable, including when a person was outside their habitation or property and did not retreat when they could have safely done so when a person used more force than a reasonable person would.


So that right there, we listen to that. A person was outside their habitation or property and did not retreat when they could have safely done. So. Meaning if someone's breaking into your house, you don't, you, you're on the outside of the house. You don't go into the house to confront them. You retreat. You're supposed to retreat. What if I have family in the house? That's a good question. That's, that's good question. This rule already is like, well this doesn't make sense. It says it specifies the circumstances. So that might be, you know, But Jamie, you do in the context of the sentence, the spill would also specify certain circumstances in which homicide is not justifiable. Including including when a person was outside their habitation or property. But it's not like, it's not, if You're outside, it's saying you have to try to retreat.


Right, right, right. But what if someone's in your home that doesn't clarify that There's circumstances when it still could be. It's just that there's certain circumstances when it's not justifiable. It's still could Be, but Right. But the certain circumstances is listed including when a person I understand was outside. I'm just saying he brought up a situation. Jamie, it's Obvious that's not, it's obvious. I'm just saying I know, but you, I read, I'm reading it. But that is not necessary and did not retreat when they could have safely done. So when a person used more force than a reasonable person. That's so subjective. You Don't know. I don't know what, that's not a real thing. Does that mean, what about Tim Kennedy? Is he reasonable? You know, that's not a reason. That's gonna fuck. What about Jocko? Is Jocko reasonable? Yeah, arguably. But people have to, but people have to keep their cool.


What'd you say, Jamie, it's When you want a good jury too. Good luck. I'm just saying, Why would you count on that? You should count, count. I'm not saying you're counting on. I'm just saying that's why you want one. Okay. I didn't say that's why you need one. I said that's why you want one, Don't you? If I was a judge, I'd say you're argumentative. However, the bill would specify that homicide is justifiable. If the initial aggressor aggressor actually, and in good faith tried to stop fighting and indicated they wanted to and tried to stop fighting as specified or in cases of mutual combat, the initial aggressor gave the opponent an opportunity to stop fighting. So if someone starts fucking you up and then gives you an opponent, gives you an opportunity rather, to stop fighting, and you don't, you keep fighting them and kill them, but they've already started fighting with you.


They've already like, that's you're in danger zone. Like to be reasonable while your life is in danger is to open yourself up to get fucked up. Because he is like, no, no, come on man. It was like, bang motherfucker. Yeah. And you're out cold. Like you've, you've already engaged in violence. It's so subjective. Whether or not you should stop or not stop, like when you should stop is when that person's 100% incapacitated. And that might mean kill them if you don't know what's gonna stop them. If you have a gun and someone is charging at you with a fucking machete and you bang, bang, bang while they're still alive and that winds up killing them, you could have just shot them once. You could be in front of a jury and they could say, you could have stopped with the first bullet.


And then you have a coroner says, yes, the first bullet was fatal. Or yes, the first bullet would've stopped him, but he shot him two additional times. Like, now you're in jail. Now you're in jail because you were in terrified of your life and you thought you were gonna die and you did something in a split moment where you're not even thinking straight like you are. You're ah, dude, to, to ask an accountant to keep his shit together in a look. If you ask a Navy seal to keep his shit together and they're, they're fucking, they're be probably like, oh, finally someone broke into My house. Oh, this motherfucker's going through. Yeah. But, but some guy actually did try to break into Tim Kennedy's house and he, he, you know, he didn't even hurt the guy. He just said, you Made a giant Mistake, came up with a gun and got rid of the guy.


It's like those guys who start bar fights with UF like with UFC dude, you know, you see those kind of videos, bro, where you're like, Oh brother, you see Joe Schilling one. Right. The Oh, he bumps and he kind of like, yeah, some like dude's dancing and just being a dick. Yeah. And then he gets him at the bar and just pop. It's so quick. Well, The dude dude tried to get him to flinch. He like, like That. Yeah. He jumped at Him. He jumped at him and he just ding ding Dang the wrong dude. I mean, that's karma. Yeah. That's almost like that Those things like almost make me feel like we're in a simulation like that that's supposed to happen in that order. You know, like when someone just hits a level of douchiness and, And it you're supposed to run into toe shilling. Yeah. That's the perfect karmic response to like negative and a positive and a thing.


You know, like a in and, and out. We just have, I just feel like we have to be really careful in this country that we don't get more divided by all this fucking political chaos that we're experiencing. We gotta be real careful, like as human beings, that we don't fall prey to that this is not, it's not smart for anybody. No, dude. It's not smart. And we're just, it's not so much unnecessary conflict, you know? Well, it's usually, and it's just people picking that one side. And like you said, like you can't, of course, I don't think people should be coming to the country and all that stuff, but I also do think women should be able to do what they want with the fucking baby in their stomach. You know what I mean? Like up to to a point. Right. It's up to a point.


A point. Of course. That's where it's weird, but like you said, if some woman got raped and she's pregnant now, like Exactly. Yeah. Let her, I'm gonna, what are we doing right Now? What are we doing? What Are we doing that, where's the human aspect of it? Yeah. And then also like, if you don't feel for people that walk here with their babies, 'cause they just want get a job as a landscaper. Like, I get let 'em have it. I, I just, but how do you know, you know, like I think the process for getting people in should be be, but it's also, it's like how many can we support? Like what, what, what, what kind of a strain is this on Social security? What kind of a strain is this on Medicare? You know, have, have this been, and is there a way to like make where they're from better? And wouldn't that like increase revenues? Like if you, if you, if all of a sudden you had another country right next door that's buying and trading and making tons of money, wouldn't that be better for everybody?


Yeah. Like, if they stopped being a third world country and became a first world country, wouldn't that like be like super beneficial? Has That never come up any of these un of like, oh, why don't we just try to man, make this place a


This episode is brought to you by Farmer's Dog. It doesn't matter how old your dog is, it's always a great time to start investing in their health and happiness. And thankfully the farmer's dog makes it easier than ever to feed your dog a healthy diet of real meat and veggies. Dogs prefer their food. Even picky. Dogs and owners prefer their service. If you have a question about your dog, your plan, your delivery, or anything else, they have 24 7 customer service that connects you to real humans who are genuinely interested in providing the best experience possible for you and your dog. They give you detailed instructions on how to transition your dog to fresh food and even proportionate for your dog's specific needs. Feeding your dog healthy. Human grade food shouldn't be complicated. And with the farmer's dog it isn't. The entire experience from box to bowl is a breeze. So try the Farmer's dog today and give healthy, freshly made food a try. You can get 50% off your first box of food plus free shipping. Just go to The Farmer dog.com/rogan, tap the banner or visit this episode's page to learn more. Offer available for new customers only.


This episode is brought to you by fast growing trees. If you wanna know what you're putting into your body, growing your own food is a great place to start. But listen, you don't have to start your garden alone. Did you know Fast Growing Trees is the biggest online nursery in the US with thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers. They have all the plants your dream yard needs, fruit trees, privacy trees, flowering trees, shrubs and so much more. Whatever plants you are interested in, fast-growing trees has you covered. Find the perfect fit for your climate and space. Plus, get support from trained plant experts on call to help you plan your landscape. Choose the right plants and learn how to care for them. Great. If you don't have the greenest of thumbs and their Alive and Thrive guarantee ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy this spring, they have the best deals for your yard up to half off on select plants and other deals and listeners of our show get 15% off their first purchase when using the code JRE at checkout. That's an additional 15% off@fastgrowingtrees.com. Using the code jr e at checkout fast growing trees.com/jre, now's the perfect time to plant. Use JRE to save today. Offer is valid for a limited time terms and conditions may apply at our place.


This is what you gotta realize when it comes to politicians. Most of them are already dead or on their way unless you're JD Vance. He's really young. Tulsi Gabbard. Iss young. Yeah, TUL. He's the shit. Most of these people when you are in office like Trump is almost 80 Biden. Did you see what Biden said yesterday? What'd he say? Oh, Jamie, did you see it? Nope. They let him talk. He's, but he's like, what? 80 something 90 out of nowhere. They let Yeah, yeah, yeah. They're letting him talk and I'm like, who's letting him talk? This is crazy. Here, here I send this Jamie. It's so silly. He's, he's fucking gone bro. He's gone and they let him talk. They just let him get out in the open and put a microphone in front of his place, his face.


But I guess like as a former president, you can kind of request I like a speak my mind one day just had just a enough mixture. They filled 'em up with enough peptides, got a little peppi his stuff. You're feeling good? Yeah man. It's a former president. I poison. Get diamond about things. Listen, look, give some volume and go full creek. 'cause this is, you gotta see his face in Pull into the parking lot. And I had never seen, I had never seen hardly any black people in Scranton at the time when I, and I was only going in fourth grade. And I remember seeing the kids going by at the time called colored kids on a bus going by.


They never turned right to go to Claymont High School. I wondered why. Asked my mom why, why? So in Delaware, I'm not allowed to go to school in public school with white kids hunting. That sparked my sense of outrage as a kid. Just like it does. I mean, and these young kids right here can tell you things affect them when they learn about something that's really just unfair and unjust. You know, my dad, my dad was an honorable man and my dad used to have an expression. He said, Joey, your job's about a lot more than a paycheck. It's about your dignity. It's about respect. It's about being able to look your kid in the eye and say, honey, it's going to be okay and mean it.


That's what you're all about. That's what the that's what, that's what the legislation's about. It's about dignity. Simple dignity. Everyone. Everyone deserves to be treated with dignity regardless of their standard. Regardless of the economics system. Regardless who they are. Yeah. Making sure that more than 60 million Americans who are living with disabilities are treated with dignity. Is that who we are as Americans? That's what it's about. I hope he does more. I mean we should have 'em at the mothership. Yeah, we got him. Let 'em go up, give him 10, give him hour At school and their communities.


Give him a drink. He might die. Every Corner of American life laws like the a DA need advocates like you. Okay Ones So you can tell he got something. He took something that morning and he was fired up Just feeling good. They got him on a good dose. He was, had a nice nap. He nap. Nice nap. But it's crazy to let him do that. 'cause now we know he wasn't really running the country. Yeah. We used to think he was actually running the country and now they're like, no. He didn't even see those executive orders. Like that was all auto penned. He didn't even sign those things. Yeah, it is crazy. How old? That's a weird, auto pen's a weird thing. How lazy are you bitch? How many, how many, how many things are you signing that you have to autopen things?


That's crazy. That you can autopen the whole thing is supposed to be signature. Yeah, That's, that's your job. That's also, that's the thing. That's Your job. You read it, you go over it, you make sure it's right and you sign it. The fuck are you doing? What are we paying? I don't understand shit man. What The fuck are we doing? What are we doing? How are you auto penning shit. That's the crazy thing about all those pardons, you know, there's like, how many pardons did he have? I think he had 9,000 pardons And it was all autopen. So it's like everybody was like this. If I had, imagine like worst case scenario, I'm not assuming or accusing anybody doing this, but I would imagine if you got a hold that autopen be like, yo, yo, yo, I got the autopen. Like who needs all the boys is out.


I need money. You know, I'm trying to get rich and you're trying to get free and let's get something rolling. He hit my button. I mean, how many times, first of all, if you can't be tried because they decide that you're mentally incapable of standing trial, that's what they said about him. They're gonna try him on some that classified documents case. They said the, the judge ruled that he was incapable of standing trial while he was running for president for the second term while he was running for president. They were saying he's incapable of standing trial. So if we're saying that there's something wrong with him cognitively, but we're still allowing him to give people pardons. Like if he can't, if he's not sane enough, if he's not there enough to stand trial, how could he to defend himself?


How could he be there enough to decide whether or not someone deserves a pardon? That seems insane. And then how could you use the auto pen? He's like, what about that guy? Yes. Pardon him. What about that guy let him off. He just, he deserved it. Like Disappointed He's 9,000. There's no way. If you have all the time in the world, how are you going? Over 9,000 cases. Most of those were the marijuana releases. Well that's nice federal. How many of them? What can you? 6,500 or so. Oh that's nice. But auto painting. It is, when you think about what that means, that it's crazy. That's Crazy. Yeah. It's just is that shit for sale?


Pardons are crazy anyway. You just let somebody outta jail 'cause you're the king. You the king. The king. Fucking fuck. Fuck that. Fuck that trial. Yeah. Fuck that jury. I like that guy. You're free bro. I, I don't mind it. Yeah, That's, that's crazy. Power. Let people out of jail, You know, in mass numbers. Mm. What was the total, I'm trying to find the exact number. Okay. 'cause 9,000, the 6,500 I agree with. I agree with all those marijuana ones. Well yeah, those, that's not a real thing. I feel bad. That's the craziest shit that there were people in Colorado that were in jail for selling marijuana, looking out the window of their prison to marijuana dealerships selling marijuana legally and Nice packaging.


Nice. Yeah. Nice, nice with Barcodes on it. Little cartoon characters smiling when they're high on them. Snoop Dogg on the cover of a bag. Yeah. Oh see that's the good thing about progressive governments, right? Progressive governments like Colorado. They, they realize that people's right to experiment with all kinds of different things, including alcohol. But also like you should have the freedom to take things. You should have the freedom to explore your own consciousness. And Colorado agreed with that real early. You know, that's the good thing about progressive governments. And that's the bad thing about a lot of conservative governments. They wanna stop you from doing that. You know, they wanna prosecute people for that fucking grass.


That dirty dude. Where's your dope? Your fucking dope. Yeah. They don't like it when your mind opens up a little bit. But you said it earlier. Oh man, if we could just get everybody on mushrooms, everybody might love each other and all these things. Yeah. That is Scary. I don't think they think that way though. 8,000 a record setting number includes a collective act of over 6,500 individuals for marijuana possession convictions. So it's really not like he has more than anybody else. Yeah. Washington did it. So it just looks like, yeah, it looks like more than everybody else because it's just 6,500. He actually only released 1500 then. Yeah. Look at Andrew Johnson. It Ended up being close to the 9,000 I think at the end of the day.


Oh, at the end was just like 2,500. So even then 2,500 still close to the same. Pretty normal. Yeah. Like how many did Obama Did? Almost 2000. It's a different list I Had for what about Trump? He did 1500 on the first day. 'cause all the January 6th people. How come Trump didn't free Joe exotic? Let him go with The Tiger King out. We need Tiger King three. We need it. He'll need two 30 on the first term. It says, oh, only 237. That's not a lot. Oh. So the new one when he came back, he pardoned 1500 individuals connected to General. They keep saying capital riots. Yeah. Yeah. But why Andrew Johnson?


8,000. Pardon? That's what I said. Andrew Johnson sold 1900. He Sold those bitches. He Did for, For Silver Coins sitting in his fucking bathtub with all these silver coins. But that's crazy. That pardons were going back all the way to George Washington. Yeah. How many did George Washington have? A lot, right? 1700? Is that what it said? Let's see. Good old George. Yeah, It's crazy. I just got into that stuff 'cause I saw Hamilton like two weeks ago for the first time. Oh yeah. How is it? You ever seen that? No. Is it good Brother? You see it on Broadway, brother? No, I saw it.


I saw it on, they brought it to Texas. The bass concert hall. Oh. And then in these last Like three weeks, I have studied everything. I, I'm addicted to it, bro. Really? Joe Derek. It's the second greatest piece of art to ever be art. What's number one? Harry Potter books. I wish you were here for this Argument. Harry Potter books is number one. Harry, what happened? Harrys when he was going off at Mitzi's about this really? Well, these more books was trying to bring up the Bible. It's like, get the fuck outta here, dude. Harry Potter's better than the Bible. Not even close. Really? It was Joe. It's already the second greatest selling book of all time. And it's only been out since 1997. Mm. Think about that. That is pretty crazy. I'll tell you what, my, my kids were addicted to it.


It's when I read it, I read it. This also, I read it like a month ago. I just found out about both these things and really, I just knew Harry Potter. Saw the movie. I I knocked it all out. Wow. I knocked the whole thing out. How is it? It's the greatest thing ever. Is this better than The movie? It's not even close. And I love the movies. Movies are great, but it's so fucking good and so in depth. And so, I mean, it's the classic hero story. You know, A hero's tale. But man, it's so fucking good and rereading it and just how deep the characters are and how incredible it is. And it, it is beautiful. But Hamilton is number two greatest art. And I mean, when I say art, I mean anything ever written, painted musically sung. Really? One, two.


Wow. And then the Bible, Maybe the depart The party might be three. You haven't seen the party Man. At first when that elevator opens up, a Leo gets a head blown off and they Oh, party Feel. It still might be three. That's you. Oh, you just killed all your credibility. He took departed over Apocalypse Now. Oh Apocalypse. That is great Day. IPOs now departed over Apocalypse Now. I Love Apocalypse Now. Oh man. But Hamilton, Joe, that good brother. It's so, if you like history, 'cause I'm not a history guy. I'm not a Hassan. I mean Asan talk about, 'cause he loves history and I'm, you know, I know what I know, but I'm not looking for it. Right. I watched this shit, man. It was so cool. Everything is educational, the whole thing.


And you think it's gay 'cause it's like, oh, it's a musical. You think it's gay, everyone's black. Like why is Thomas Jefferson Black? You know what it's like. Everyone in the play is black and they're all playing these guys, Thomas Jefferson, Washington. But everything is singing. The whole thing is singing. So the writing is incredible. And it's literally the story of Alexander Hamilton. And I had no idea how important this man was. Wow. He was an orp. And then, you know, the, the ends of course with the dual between him and Burr. Right. Which is insane. You know, Burr was vice president when he killed the treasurer. Really? Hamilton was treasurer and he killed him in a dual while he was vice president. That's crazy. Because they had 15 years of beef. And you get to see why they've been beefing.


It's just two ideologies of this man grew up. Orphan mom died, dad left him. He's from the Caribbean. Alexander Hamilton. He's just an absolute genius who had to come outta the absolute mud. Aaron Burr's the trust fund kid who is a politician through and through. He was raised to be a politician who never played. You know, his cards are close to his chest and he never shows anybody what he's thinking. True politician. What were they? Hamilton's a wild guy. Well, I mean everything from just the way he didn't like how Hamilton always is talking and Hamilton's is a loud guy and, and he's just rambunctious. Mm. And didn't follow the rules of politics. He was very, you know, wild guard. He was also young. And Burr was like, no, you, you do it this way, you do it this way.


This is how you're supposed to do it. So that happened for 15 years. And then the what made him kill him was Burr was gonna be president. He was going against Jefferson. Jefferson and Hamilton had been beefing the, they, they hate each other, but Hamilton didn't like Burr so much because he said, at least Jefferson stands for something. And the last vote to make Jefferson president over Burr was Hamilton. Ah. And so that, and then of course he talk some more shit about him. And then Aaron Burr was like, we're dueling fuck you. Wow. With musket guns. Musket guns, those old school bullshit guns. And he, 'cause he shot bur, I mean, no, Hamilton wasn't trying to kill him. He shot over his head. 'cause that was like a thing you do if you weren't trying to kill somebody. But you were like, I'm letting you know, but like we're doing, but I'm not trying to kill you. Right.


But he didn't know 'cause he shot first Burr just thought he missed. Oh. So he shot him right in the fucking stomach. Right in the rib killed him. And it was at the sa it was like a few miles away, maybe like near right near the same spot where Hamilton's son died three years before. That's like the law, that law of knowing when it's too much. Like he could've just shot over him. Could've the other guy shot over him. But I thought you were, I thought you just missed. How am I supposed to know? I thought You were trying to kill me. I Thought you were trying to kill me. Exactly. And no one saw it because you know, they, so to have a dual, you had to have other people there. You had to have a doctor, you had to have two people, had to have representatives, all this stuff. But everyone turns around so that way there's no, no one could go to prison for it. Wow. So they tried Burr for it, but there's, there's no eyewitness. Wow. And it ruined the rest of burr's life.


The rest of burr's life. Because everyone loved Hamilton. 'cause Hamilton was George Washington's right hand man. He fucking is the one of the rea main reasons we won the Revolutionary War. Wow. He was the, I remember when David Letterman got caught for cheating and was like, well, I'm gonna go out and I'm not gonna get blackmailed. I'm gonna go out and say, Hey, I cheated on my wife. Get the fuck outta here. Like I'll, I'll take the heat. Hamilton was the first guy to do that. Really? The Reynolds pamphlets where a, a woman did the same thing. A woman, he fucks this lady and her husband comes up to him later and is like, Hey, you owe money. You know what I mean? Like, the husband's like, Hey, you fucked my wife. I know you fucked my wife. I know who you are. You can, you can keep fucking her. I think she's a whore too. But I said it, but I want money. Really? Yep. And then of course Jefferson, How much money? I don't know what kind deal. I think it was like $30. But I don't know what that was.


At 1700. If I could Go back and talk to Hamilton, like give him the money. Man. Dude. Dude's cool. No, But he wanted, he wanted continuous money. How much? I, I don't know the number exactly, but I think it was How good is This lady dude? How is she? Apparently she was pretty Good. If you can keep this relationship going, Sizzler Beneficial to everybody involved. Everyone. You just need a little money. Oh, okay. You're not even mad. Yeah. And you got the money. You Hamilton, What the fuck is he doing? Spend that money. Spend them fun coupons. Yep. But I think he also still, you wanted to, he didn't like that the other politicians were using it over. Like, Hey, we found out that you were doing this that, and we Weren't. They all monsters back then. They're all monsters. I mean, they monster Own Slaves. Slaves. They're Sound slaves. They, that's was the craziest thing, the moral high ground of the beginning of this country.


We were getting, getting away from these evil. We got slaves. Washington. What you saying? Everybody's a monster. Yeah. Washington's the most love had the most. Yeah. It's like everywhere you go, there's hypocrisy. You know, like, did you ever see that thing when Don Lemon was talking to this lady about reparations for slavery? Do you ever see that thing? No. Oh my God. Please find this. Don Lemon is talking to this British lady about reparations for slavery and she lays out the beginnings of slavery to Don Lemon. And you see Don Lemon's dumb ass. Like, oh, very interesting. Watch this. You Didn't know. It's just, he was saying something that, you know, there should be reparations for slavery.


I I think it's a political talking point at this point in time. I think there's people that still think that people today should get money because their ancestors were slaves. I totally understand that argument. However, what this lady saying, did you find it? It Does. It just has like a five second thing and then it talks about the whole But there's a video. I watched it yesterday. No, I'm just saying it didn't have it done. The thing I'm looking for. Okay. I bet on YouTube it's available. It's Yeah. Don Lemon for a smart guy seems Like an no, he's not idiot sometimes. Yeah. It's for a, who looks smart, Elizabeth? There's other people reporting on It. Okay, let's hear it though. I, I, hold on. And then you have the, those who are asking for reparations for colonialism and they're wondering, you know, a hundred billion dollars, $24 billion here and there, 500 million there.


Some people want to be paid back. And, and members of the public are wondering why are we suffering when you are, you know, you have all of this vast wealth. Those are legitimate concerns. Well, I think you're right about reparations in terms of, if people want it though, what they need to do is you always need to go back to the beginning of a supply chain. Where was the beginning of the supply chain that was in Africa. And when that crossed the entire world, when slavery was taking place, which was the first nation in the world that abolished slave slavery. The first nation in the world to abolish it. It was started by William Wilberforce was the British in, in Great Britain. They abolished slavery. 2000 naval men died on the high seas trying to stop slavery.


Why? Because the African kings were rounding up their own people. They had them on cages waiting in the beaches. No one was running into Africa to get them. And I think you're totally right. If reparations need to be paid, we need to go right back to the beginning of that supply chain and say who was rounding up their own people and having them handcuffing pages. Absolutely. That's where they should start. And maybe, I don't know the descendants of those families where they died at the, in the high seas trying to stop the slavery that those families should receive something too. I think at the same time, Look at a dumb ass. It's an interesting discussion. He, What's an interesting, he knew he's in deep water. She knew what the fuck she was talking about. Yeah. He and he knew, he had no history in his mind.


He's like scouring his mind for an argument. Like, yeah, we check out on this side. He wanted something easy. He didn't, he wasn't ready for that. The Producers in his ear. Wrap it up. Don wrap it up. Wrap it up. Gonna commercial. We gonna Pfizer. Oh Yeah. When the woman brought up the ships and everything, you're like, Oh fuck, we got an ozempic commercial on deck. Wrap it up. Wrap it up. Oh, py. Oh, oh yeah. That's the dirty thing about it. It's like there's people were monsters. Yeah. Dude. Dude. Irish were slaves forever. People were indentured servants. They're brought over here. They, it was, people have been monsters forever. And instead of doing that now, now they're, you know, picking fruit, picking lettuce. Yep. You know, with no healthcare for $2.


Yeah. And we're shipping jobs over to there. So they work in these factories. They're working 16 hours a day for a dollar an hour or a dollar a day sometimes. Joe, when I was in Abu Dhabi, one of the drivers who was taking us somewhere, he said he was happy. He was happy 'cause his family lives back in Lebanon or wherever they lived. But he was happy because they, he just got a raise to like $2 an hour. Whoa. From a dollar 50. And he, but I mean, Joe, you, you'd have thought he was a millionaire now. Yeah. He was like, oh my god. Like it's like a 50 cent raise. But he was like, the things I'll be able to do for my family back in Lebanon and all this stuff. And it was like, holy shit. Holy shit. Yeah. And then you're there and everything there is beautiful and pristine and everything seems like the richest things in the world.


And it was, they were really nice to us And it was awesome. 'cause we were getting to do the rich things. Yeah. But when you were talking to that guy, I vividly remember that conversation because of how truly happy he was. He wasn't in his head. He was like, this is great. Right. $2 An hour. His expectations were very low. Yeah. But that's the real, that's the reality. Like when people like Bernie Sanders talk about like oligarchs and the ha, if you're gonna have halves, like extreme halves, just by the nature of the world, you're gonna have have nots. And the, the disparity between halves and half knots is off the charts and it's probably only gonna get bigger. That's what's really kind of scary with AI and the ability to generate wealth and what you're gonna be able to figure out and do.


And different ways that people are gonna be able to manipulate markets and dominate certain industries. With ai, I think the have and have nots. And then you're gonna have also automation, which takes over everything. Everything. So all these jobs Gone, Bro. I was just driving. Have you ever like, we're not gonna be driving much longer, dude. I don't think my kid that I'm about to have, I don't think my kid's gonna know. Driving. Yeah, I think, I think they'll know. Like, no, you just, everyone has an automated car. Yeah. Check this out. I'm gonna share this with you Jamie. I did this yesterday in my car. My car just drives itself. Dog just drives itself. If you have a Tesla, if I put in my address, I go, I press these buttons And it just takes off.


It stops at red lights, it changes lanes. It like slows down when the traffic slows down. Speeds up. When the traffic speeds up. You could completely check out if you wanted to Totally check out. You could totally check. I don't do it. I keep my hand near it. Yeah. I'm still freaked out. You know, because you've been driving your whole life. Yeah. It's also, it just feels weird. But it does it, you got the, the video Down And it does it well too. Yeah. I'm just trying To make sure I'm not showing. It's it, I got other stuff on the screen And it doesn't cover that up. So I'm Oh, does it show things on the screen? On My screen? Oh, How dare you Trying To Did it fuck up? No, no, No. I just that What does it show? Like my address? No, it shows stuff that I don't want shown On this screen. Computer is, I'm saying, okay, here it is. Check this out.


This is me in the car yesterday. It's pretty fucking wild. I don't like to do it all the time. But every now and again it's pretty wild. It changes lanes. It hits the blinkers. See look at CS Obstruct all those cars that screen it, that's it's representative of all the cars. It knows where all the cars are. Look, it's changing lanes. It hits the blinker and changes lanes to, to get around these trucks. It's the future. Wild. It's over. How wild is that? It shows you on the screen, on the front where your dashboard is. It shows you all the cars around you. All of them. It keeps track of 'em. It knows how fast they're going. See that guy passed me on the left. It shows that It's wild.


He's flying by you. So it's like no, it knew the speed and rate that he was going And It knew that there was an open lane. So it hit the blinkers And it changed lanes. And it knows there's people behind me. It knows there's people to the right of me. No. And it, It stops at red lights dude. And then speeds up against, stops at stop signs. It sees the cars to the left and cars to the right knows when to go. And You can just kind of check out. You just like hold your hand like this. Think about your life and have the robot drive you around. That is just gonna be everywhere. Yeah. Everyone's gonna be driving in these robot taxis. You're not gonna own a car. Like this is what the World Economic forum wants.


You will own nothing and you'll be happy. You'll be like that man who has $2 an hour and so happy. All your food will be free. You don't need a job. That's where the have and have nots get sketchy. Because when automation takes over everything, don't worry. We'll give you universal basic income and suddenly give universal basic income to everybody. So everybody's reliant 100% on the government now. And then there's people that own all the electric taxi companies and own all the computer factories and own all the AI companies and The semi-truck that'll be automated. Yeah. Those Are the oligarchs. Those are the halves. And the haves never want to give that up. They always want more and more and more.


They always want to keep winning that game. They want stack. They wanna be the first trillionaire. They want to say keep stacking Game of Thrones dude. Stack it. Yep. Because then it goes your family and your family and then all of a sudden you're like, oh, maybe we can, our family could be president one day. Our family now can I drink your Milkshake? That's it, man. What a Callback. That's exactly what it is, dude. That's it man. It's, it's a natural human dominator instinct. It's a tribal dominator instinct. And it's just applied to fiat currency and yeah, Bitcoin and financial power and influence and, and they want to control social media and we're gonna give everybody a vaccine and Nuts. You know those Waymo's, this is how I know this iss gonna be half and half nuts.


You know those Waymo's cars, those self-driving cars, if you order one, it's still the same price as like an Uber pretty much. Mm. So it's like, where's this money going? Right. I thought the money was gonna the driver. Right. Like I thought, okay, I'm giving half the money to the company, probably half the money or whatever, however they split it. But so now you're telling me there's no driver but the price is so you're not gonna lower the price. Right. Where's this extra money going in their Pockets, Joe? That's scary. More Profitable Because they're gonna do that with semi trucks. Yeah. They're gonna do whatever they're like And then they're gonna try to pass legislation to stop driving. You shouldn't be able to drive because their money is in driving you around. Why should you be able to drive? You're dangerous. You cause accidents. Statistically, statistically. Humans Cause all these accidents You drink, humans do this, Bro.


That's how they can get you. That's why they're saying, you know, we don't need beef. Cows are destroying the environment. Cows are responsible for climate change. And what a convenient a thing I have here in my plant-based meals, my plant-based burgers, you need eat unstoppable meat. Eat whatever the fuck they Have. But it'll be just like animal farm. 'cause they'll still be eating cow. They'll be eating the, the top people are gonna eat cheese and the nice fun things, Bro. They're gonna be eating dodo bird burgers. They're eating, They're eating Siberian tiger loin. Yeah dude. They're having a good time carving up some rhino steaks. Oh, they're a bunch of monsters. And you know, that's that, you know the, the whole market for rhino horns.


Yeah. You know what that market it's for what? It's rich people that want to get off on the fact that they're drinking tea from an endangered species. That's what's the, the wine rhino horns. That's what they're valuable for. That's why people are killing people. They're killing people so that they can kill the rhinos so they can cut their horns off so they could sell 'em to Asia. Where very wealthy people get off on the fact that they're drinking rhino horn tea and they think it makes your dick hard. Yeah. They do think it makes your Dick hard. Which is hilarious. Yeah. Like, you know about Viagra, bitch, you heard of Blue Chew? Whatcha talking about So stupid. But it's like, there's way better ways You don't have to kill a rhino. But that's not the point.


The point is, they want to kill the rhino so that they, they get this forbidden thing. We're responsible for extinction here as we sip this tea. That's How dark people get. That's like the type of people that want exclusive things that Oh yeah, that's that, that's that. I wanna watch people Darkness. Man. That's darkness. That's real. Human beings will do that. They will drink rhino horn tea. That's the only market for rhino horns. They're not valuable. It's not like tusks, like elephant tusks are made out of ivory and ivory is very valuable. And they use it for all kinds of different things. And they always used to use it for ornaments. They used to make pool balls outta ivory and then they stopped allowing people to sell ivory.


And then you could only buy like pre-and ivory in America. And, But that makes sense. 'cause you're, you're killing an animal for this one thing that's a commodity and it's fucked up. But the rhino horn don't even make sense. Like you're killing an animal just so you can drink the tea. That's crazy. And they're almost extinct Also to kill such a like Majestic a Creature. A like wow. This is a fucking animal Dude. A crazy looking creature man. Like it doesn't look like it belongs in this time. It looks like it's in the dinosaur days. I read this thing yesterday about, you heard the, the bear that's called the boss. Oh yeah. That one bear. That's he's got like thousands of kids. Yeah. He got hit by a train twice.


He got hit by a, That means he got hit by a train And it was like running back, running Back. You bitch ass train. Fuck this train. I'm gonna knock this motherfucker off the tracks this time. That's he Got hit by a train twice. Yeah. Has all the cubs and apparently eats other bears sometimes just to let them other remind people. 'cause he's so old that people, the young bears try 'em. So I, I read he eats some sometimes just to be like, I gotta let everybody know, well bears Eat bears. That's real common. You know, they eat cubs. It's real dark. A friend of mine saw it. He saw my friend Jonathan up in Alberta. He saw a bear and a a, the, the sow and the boar were fighting. So males, the boar females, the sow, they were fighting because the bear, the male was trying to kill the cubs. And so the female's trying to fight him off.


And eventually she can't fight him off. And she retreat and he gets ahold of one of the cubs and kills it. And then she scares him off of the cub that he killed. And then she eats the cub, she eats her own cub. Once it's dead. She's like, I'll just eat It. Why do you think out of just it's food? It's like fucking, it's Just food. Once it's dead. It's just food, bro. That's Fucking, you think, you think $2 an hour is hard. Life bears is shitting on ghettos. Like you think it's Hard. You think it's Hard. I'm, I go outside every day thinking I'm gonna get eaten. Dealing with the boss bear. Yeah. Well that's what happens also when you have an, that's how nature balance balances out ecosystems.


Right. Because if there's no natural predators for bears, they they have to, they have to eat themselves. 'cause nothing can eat a grizzly bear. Yeah. So they have to eat each other. That's the only way they keep the population Down. To keep it. To keep it. So all, there's still some salmon and some other things left everybody else. Exactly. So when, when cubs are born, there's two things that happen. One, well, there's three things. One, the male thinks of them as food. So he wants to kill 'em for food. Like they hunt them, they go into the dens. When the males come outta hibernation early, they go into dens to look for cubs to eat 'em. They know they do that for food. Two, they try to bring the female into estro again. So if they can kill the cubs, then the female will wanna breed so she can have more cubs. And so it'll get the, the female so that she'll wanna breed again.


And then three is competition. They look at those cubs as potential future competition. So it's all these horrible ways. This beautiful nature. Nature's amazing Nature is a fucking bloodbath. Yeah. It's a, it's a bloodbath. Even the grass is screaming. They found out the grass screams now plants make noise when you're eating them. Nah. They Just can't move. Can't. That's too much. That is the fact that we are the apex. Because you were saying something yesterday, we were talking and we were saying how like it's crazy to think that aliens wouldn't think we're interesting. Yeah. That's that dumb argument that I had with Neil deGrasse Tyson.


Like, what are you saying? Because When you think about like, man, we are the top dog on this planet. We're, that's interesting in itself. Different than everything else here. If you're gonna study anything anywhere in the fucking universe, of course you would study human beings. If you're gonna study anything, you would go, what is this wild, crazy territorial primate with nuclear weapons and cell phone addictions. What is this motherfucker? And they're soft. We're we can easily be killed easily. And we're still top dog And they might've made us, they might've engineered us son. That's a real on the table. Less than 0% or more than 0% possibility. We might have been genetically engineered.


It's a real possibility. It's a real possibility when you look at other primates and us like what happened here? How, what happened here? How, how are our cousins still roaming around barefoot covered in hair. Yeah. You know, swinging from trees, eating bananas. And we are somehow or another flying rockets with a all chick crew and they landed with parachutes. Like what, why are we so different? Yeah. And why we keep seeing UFOs like what the fuck is going on here? And We control, we control the tigers, the things that could kill us. And we were like, no, we're in charge. Yeah, We're in charge us bitch ass water balloons. Yeah. But basically blood, balloons, sticks, holding it all together Compared to things that are fucking built like trucks.


Yeah. Every like a rhino. Like how the fuck is a rhino in danger for its stupid horn when our bitch asses are ones killing a rhino. Yeah. Dude, that doesn't mean make any sense. We're not even eating them, just killing them and sawing off their fucking horns. That would be, yeah. If you're an alien, you're like, they do what? Do you see what they're doing now to rhinos to prevent this? They dart 'em and saw their horns off first so that no one wants to kill them. How fucked up is that? How fucked up? Have you seen that? No, But the rhino must need the horn in li like for the protection from like it must need in some way. Yeah. If they Wanna fight. Yeah. They wanna fight other rhinos and fight off lions and shit like that. Yeah. They need that horn. I mean there's a reason why they have it.


Yeah. Yeah. They evolved to have this giant fucking weapon in the middle of their face. So to cut it off, I mean, fucking bad. What a fucked up way to go. Please. You ever see him launch lines into the air? Yeah. Fucking launch those motherfuckers in the air. Like fuck you bro. Try getting through this. But yeah, to cut that off. Yeah. What does that do to the runner? Can it live out in the Yeah, it lives fine. Okay. It lives fine but it just doesn't have a weapon anymore. But it also is not attractive to the main monster, which is humans and humans that just wanted to drink a tea to get your dick hard. Just Get rocked up. Whoa. Bricked. It don't even work, I don't think. Does it work? I know does rhino horn, it might be one of them h ancient Chinese secrets. It's legit.


Does rhino horn get your dick card? No evidence. How dare You? I have a, you know that Ron Taylor comedian who, he's like Afro. He's, he's in the grand he at mothership. He told me he took it one time. He is like, man, I couldn't see anything but my dick was fucking really touching the ceiling. He took, he Took rhino horn, he took the, but like the gas station, I don't know if that's real. Oh, That's not safe. Is that not the face? That's those red band pills. No, But he said he couldn't see, but man, his dick was hard. He said he could feel it. Oh yeah. No, no, no, no, no. That's like Rhino 2000, those gas station boner pills. Yeah. Those are legit sometimes. But I mean, you wanna talk about taking a chance on your life. Like who knows what's in there. Fuck that is, who knows what's in there. That was another thing I was reading about, like Chinese illegal vapes.


Like, like bootleg vapes that have entered into this country. Yeah. Like pretending to be like legitimate companies that are selling vapes and they're just using fucking gutter oil and who knows what the fuck's inside of those things. And people are getting sick from 'em. Yeah. That no one gives a fuck about you, man. Not in most of the world. Most of the world is trying to get them dollars. Get them, get them dollars and fuck the world. Oh, fuck that man. Alright, Derrick, tell everybody about your special. This is Well we, we talked this whole time. Yeah. We didn't tell anybody about your special. We didn't but my brother, first thing I ever put out, man, I'm really excited. First thing I'm excited I've ever put out dog. So I'm, I'm excited for people to see it and then don't tell. I I really appreciate them and, and I feel like they're the new premium blend or, or Comedy Central presents like back in the day, you know, that era, you know, because I feel like Koni is is a mix between like late night and America's Got Talent.


It's like a different thing. Yes. Whereas this is for like the guys who are more my age who are like, all right, big companies really don't want 'em. And You can put it on YouTube yourself, but do you have the money to make something that looks nice? We'll make it for you and get you your first so you can have your first thing out. And where, Where can people Watch it? YouTube. Just YouTube. YouTube. Don't tell comedy. There don't, there it is. It's out there. It's beautiful. Oh my God. I'm Very happy for you brother. Brother. I'm very happy. I've been watching you grow since you came to Austin. It's been beautiful. It'd been amazing. And knowing you from the comedy store, you one of the first guys took the chance coming out here. We all just said fuck it. Yeah. Doc wound up together and we were right. We were Right. We were fucking so Right. We were so right. We're having so much fun. I mean, even Joey's gonna be here tonight. It's, it's it's old school Days.


Yeah. Joey's here tonight. It's old school days. Yeah. Joey's here tonight. Very, very excited. And you know Joey's performing here. Moon Towers in town. Yeah. Todd, Todd Glass was there last night. That was great. It's been Joe DeRosa moved here now too. He's the Fucking best. I love Him, man. It's, we, we are having so much fun man. We're having So much. It's so Busted. I appreciate you brother. I Appreciate you Joe, very much. Thank you so much for this man. Thank you. My pleasure. Everybody go check it out. It's on YouTube right now. Deric Poston on Instagram. Yes sir. Everywhere else. Everywhere else. Yes.