
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Hey, Tim Dillon. How are you? I'm much better now that the ladies are back from space. Thank you for having me. What were they up there? 10 minutes. Well, it was very profound. I don't know if you've seen Katie Perry talk about it, but she's basically a guru now. Yeah. What were her findings? That's my question. Well, did learn Well, bug daisy, which is super important, shows you how quick the flight was. The dead daisy that's like snipped from its life source was still, still alive or still vibrant. Yeah. And it's so, it's always Look at her shout daisy.


Wow. Look at her nails So pretty now. So they go up there and they float for like 10 minutes. Mm. At least. And then they come down. Let's not minimize this. No, I, I know. Let's, it's a big deal. Let's celebrate female astronauts. They, and because they were united because a lot of men astronauts Yeah. They have to go to school. Right. They have to learn how to be a pilot first. Sure. Then they have to join the Air Force. That's right. Or the navy and then Right. They get appointed by nasa. That's right. And then they go to space, you know, and there has been, that's the other thing. There has been female astronauts. Let's, let's not minimize this. Let's not minimize this. Yeah. Like they did is extraordinary.


I think there was a bitch stuck on a space station for a few months. That's terribly more impressive. Let's not, let's not minimize this. No. The problem with that story Yeah. Is that she was rescued by a very awful person. Okay. Who wants to expose fraud and Ra waste. Yes. Did must rescue her. Yes. Oh, interesting. Yeah. I didn't know. Oh, where's that in the news? Oh, I didn't know that. Those fucking people were stuck. The Boeing jet, the skyline, whatever the fuck it is, the Boeing space ship wasn't working. They could fix it. Interesting. I didn't even know that. Yeah. And by the way, yeah. Elon could have rescued them during the Biden administration. They didn't want to because of his open support for Trump. Really? So they left those people up there? Yes.


He's talked about it on my podcast. Whoa. They left those people up there and they're just chilling. No, they're dying. Right. It's like slow radiation poisoning. Whoa. It's like getting 10 x-rays a day. And they're just, they're just slowly getting s sapped of your life force out there. And no gravity. Your bones are weakening. Did you see that lady's face when she came back? She didn't look great, bro. Her, something had happened, like her chin had grown. She looked like, like her chin was extended and her hair had all turned gray. She looked like she was sick. She was sick. Yeah. You're dying up there, man. That's crazy. You can't, I had a commander Chris Hatfield on, and he was at one point in time, the longest person that had been in space from, wasn't he?


He was like, he was there for like six months and he was saying it was unbelievable. Like how difficult it was to recover. Once you get back to earth, you couldn't walk. It was just like a total vertigo. Like his whole body was like so not used to gravity. All of his bones were weak. Geez. All his muscles were weak. But these bitches seem fine. These ladies. Well, for now it was, let's let not minimize. Right. Let's not minimize the sacrifice They did for a great, yeah, no, was huge. A big deal for the World. In fact, for the world show, they're profoundly different. They're profoundly different now to Show people what's inspiring. That's what I'm saying. It's inspiring. If a, if a, if a guy who's worth what? A trillion dollars. Several billion. A hundred Billion.


Yeah. Just imagine the conspiracies if they didn't make it. Yeah. Well, Pete, there's already people saying that they faked it, which I think is silly. Yeah. Well I love those people, But it's great. Those Are the people that think space is fake. That's right. Yeah. But they're, they're already people going. Well, they faked it and I'm like, I hope they fake something better than that. I hope if they're faking stuff and they probably are faking some stuff. Yeah. God, I hope they're faking stuff that's better than that. I think this is the confusion. I think the confusion is that they essentially got to the threshold of space. They did not get like, way out there. They're not outer space where reentry is very traumatic.


And it, it has like, if you see like those heat shields that they put all over those things and if they break off on the reentry, everybody dies. Right. That's 'cause you're way out there. And the amount of heat that gets generated as you're reentering the atmosphere. I think they're essentially like on the border of the atmosphere. Let's see, how high did they go up there? 62 Miles. They go above that line. It's Called like the carbon line or something. So the space shuttle goes three. They went A little higher than that rock. That rocket man documentary, that guy who shot himself up in a rocket. They went like a few feet higher than that guy. Yeah. RIP. That guy drove by his grave on the way to Vegas when LA burned down. Are they even like, technically, actually in space? I think that's where the like, it floats.


That's the line is I might go there, I might do that. Do it. I wouldn't go to space Space, but I might do the 80, 80 miles do that. So 350 miles is the highest anyone has ever gone other than the Apollo astronauts. 62. 62 miles. Hundred kilometers. Okay. 62 miles ain't shit, dude. I, I drive that in an hour. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And it's, by the way, I agree with you. It's not that far. That's not even here to San Antonio. 62 miles ain't shit. But it is kind of technically space. So they get up there and they look at the Earth. Yeah. That's why like everybody's calling bullshit on the outside of the capsule.


Right. That it wasn't like completely on fire. Right. And it was destroyed. Just 'cause they didn't go That high. They didn't go that high. That's all. It's Right. But they did go to space. Technically. They went to space and they lost gravity. The funniest thing is they come back and you need a parachute to land. Right. Like at all the technology Elon has, Elon is catching rockets. What could Yeah. With robot arms clamp. What Could go wrong in something like that? Oh, it could explode on the way up for sure. Oh yeah. The way up is not ensured that those things are definitely gonna hold it, it together. So that's the biggest risk. Yeah. You have these cannons filled with rocket fuel that are burning at like twice. The what, what is the temperature of rocket fuel when it's hot?


Is it like, is it, is it, it's like close to the surface of the sun or some crazy shit. Like what is the, what's the actual temperature? So everything has to be contained while you have insane amounts of fuel burning every second. And, and huge p plumes of flame. Enormous thrust. Right. To escape earth's atmosphere that you were just hoping all those O rings and all these fucking, all the shit that blew up with a challenger. So it could have blown up A hundred percent. Yeah. I mean Musk has openly said some of these are gonna blow up when he's testing them. When he Right. Like when they would blow up, you'd like, oh, Elon failed again. Like, no, we want it to fail.


'cause we wanna find out what is the threshold. Like what, there's only one way. Find out and wonder if All of them were, were they, you think they were like prepared to die? No. Katie Perry was prepared to die. That's why she, yeah. She in her eyes, something's off. She looked like a soldier. Something's off with her. No, no, no. It's good. What what about the hatch though? Wasn't that kind of sketch? She Has a ham Ada. Look, that's the only thing I, to her, Her eyes. Well, I think the problem is that the hatch is not a real hatch like a spaceship. 'cause it's not really going to space. There's no captain, there's no pilot. Right. There's Nobody going. Exactly. The mundo. All the above. Okay. So it's most hatches in that regard. They open outwardly so that the pressure of space travel, like when you're shooting that fucking rocket up, insane amounts of gravity doesn't make the door hinges fail And it collapses in on itself and everybody dies.


Right. Right. So the, they have to open outward. Right. Right. So the pressure would keep them shut. So generally, like, there's like a seal and it's really kind of crazy. Like, I have a friend of mine, very wealthy businessman who brings me over his house the other day. He goes, I wanna show you something. And he shows me this diagram. He said, this is from the 1950s. And this is the blueprint for the recreation UFO that they made when they, when they tried to back engineer the one that they found at Roswell. And they had a, this was a diagram. Yeah. Crazy. And it had a crank handle like a submarine door, you know. So And they were trying to replicate a craft that had landed crash.


Yeah. They, well he thinks they did. Wow. He doesn't think it's a try. He said this is the blueprint. 'cause it had the actual, by the way, the exact generator in the center of it that Bob Lazar described. Yeah. In 1989 when he worked at area S four. What layer of the government do you think is working on projects like that? Like is it all the DARPA people? I think it's people that are completely disconnected from congressmen, senators president. Right, Right. It's all deep state. 'cause it's all people that have, right. They, they have to be like, they probably belong to an agency without a name. Well, there's probably a bunch of those. Right. And, and when it comes to this kind of stuff, like we already know now because of Doge, that there was money that was going with no receipts.


Billions and billions of dollars that was just flying out with no receipts. They have no idea where it went. And Elon openly said if this was, he goes, if this was a public company, the, it would be delisted and the people who ran it would go to prison. But because it's the government, you're like, oh, what we did, we just, they have no Receipts. Do you think That could be going to it? You think they'll bring charges against anyone for fraud? That's the worry about disclosure. Because that's what I think. That's what's holding it back. I think people needs concrete stuff. Yeah. You wanna see concrete? Let's hear Katie Perry talk about Right.


Have space. Yeah. I'm gonna send you one. I said to you a few this morning. I said, let's discuss. I saw Her, I saw, I chatted about it on my show. I saw her.


This episode is brought to you by blinds.com. Alright, listen. Upgrading your window treatments can totally transform your space And it can help you save on energy bills. Yeah. Blocking the heat out. Keep the cool in. But is it worth the hassle? It is with blinds.com, because they changed the game. There's no waiting around all day for a salesperson to show up. Just to get a quote, blinds.com makes it easy. Just jump online and browse for yourself or do a virtual consultation with one of their award-winning experts. And you get free samples sent to your house to check out the goods before you buy. Do it yourself. Or let blinds.com handle the measure and installation for you. You can even get all your windows measured for free. No hidden fees, just upfront pricing. Zero Bs. Now's the time to score big with spring Black Friday. Deals going on right now. In fact, right now they're offering my listeners an exclusive 40% off their entire order. Just go to blinds.com and use the promo code Rogan 40 at checkout. Limited time offer rules and restrictions apply.


This episode is brought to you by Squarespace. Have you ever been shopping online? And the website just gave you the ick. Let me tell you, that wouldn't happen if they used Squarespace. Squarespace Design Intelligence empowers anyone to build beautiful, more personalized websites tailored to your unique needs. And with Squarespace payments, it's super easy to manage payments with just a few clicks. Plus, with Squarespace's integrated and optimized SEO tools, there's all the help you need to get people to your site. Head to Squarespace dot com slash Emma for a free trial and use code Emma to save 10% on your first purchase.


Or say something about We weren't taking space. We're making space. That's the one I want to say. Which I thought was an interesting scientific, it's Not this one. No, no, no. I got another one. I got some better ones. What is funny is immediately after they landed, Well see that one's pretty good. It is funny to do something like this. And then everyone hates you. Like everyone hates them now. They shouldn't hate her. Oh no, that's not it. Jamie. I'll send it to you. Yeah. This one has all of them. I have so many of 'em. I don't think that one has the making space. Try this one. It's so fun when people, why is it so fun when people get pretentious? 'cause you're, I guess 'cause you're terrified that you would ever do it Well again, I also think it's fun to see somebody who has no self-awareness.


Yeah. They're always the most fun. I will never be the same. I mean, when you get up there and you see the earth and it's so beautiful And it just fills the screen. And it's not just your window. It's like everybody's window and there's no boundaries. There's no border, there's just earth. Wow. And it just fills the screen. I would get out there Astronaut and See the earth and it's so beautiful. And it just fills the screen. Is it what you, you expected? No. No. Better? Oh yeah. I don't think you can describe it. 'cause You know what I was saying? It was like quiet, but then also really alive.


And you look at it and you're like, we're all in this together. You mentioned this was prior to to going up, you said that you needed to go to space to heal. I know you're only a few minutes removed from this incredible experience. Do you feel healed now? You are officially an astronaut. Thank you so much. How do you feel? I feel super connected to love. Goodness. I will never be the same. I mean, when you get Up there No, that's, that's it. There's another one. There's another one. She said making space. Well, No, she's so funny. But how great is it that they just get called astronauts? It's funny to hear the richest guy in the world's wife go. We're all in it together.


Oh boy. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know if people feel that. Yeah, we're definitely not all, And it, I don't feel, feel like we're come together. Come with you. Can we Get outta your jet? How in it together are We? Yeah. What does that mean? It feels like you hand selected a couple of friends to go do this. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, she should have ta It should have been a lottery system like Willy Wonka, where just seven random people should have been able to go in this. I would do it just to change My, that would be fun. That Would be good. Yeah. Just seven random people. Just na, pull out some guy who's not supposed to be here. Just a cashier at HEB. Someone from MS 13. Yeah, that's what I was thinking. Get him in Someone, someone from Trenda and Lauren Sanchez and Gail King.


And you know, oh, You see, they released the footage dash cam footage or police footage of the guy who they're saying was just a father. The Marilyn father. Yeah. As he got pulled over with eight undocumented people. Yeah. In his truck. They were all supposedly staying at his house. Yeah, I didn't see that. But Yeah, the wife had a restraining order against him. A protection order. I saw That there was a restraining order. I saw that they, he was hanging out with two guys that were in, in MS 13. Yeah. They Released the Yeah, he's, he's definitely sketchy But's not, they have made A few mistakes. He's not this Marilyn father. No. The guy that scares me is the hairdresser. The gay hairstylist.


Yeah. I Want, Or there's a guy with a tattoo and his ta that's Him. The tattoo, the, the hairdresser. The mom, the autism and dad. Oh no. Oh no. There was a guy with an autism awareness tattoo and they thought it was like an MS 13 tattoo. But it, it, it doesn't look like an MS 13 tattoo. It's a literal, The problem is everybody's a liar. You don't know. So the liberals are liars and the Republicans are liars. Everyone's lying. They're All lying. And if they did ship some, ironically, The only people I trust are MS 13 and podcasters. They'll, they'll tell you. And podcasters. Podcasters and MS 13. That's all I trust. I would love if you just had MS 13 on just three guys with tattoos. Because by the way, there would be no outrage. That's what's hilarious.


Right. If you had three MS 13 gang members, not one person would go, why did he have that them On? Why did he platform Them? Nobody would. But if I have Ian Carroll on, If you have anyone else on, it'll be a horrible thing. But if it was three guys, MS 13 with head to toe tattoos who had admitted to killing multiple people, and you said, now, now tell me about what it's like to grow up in San Pedro Soler or whatever. And it would be, okay. Well, that would be okay. The reason why that's good is because I think it's important to learn about other cultures of Well, A thousand percent. And they should have their chance to talk. And what's not cool is talking about maybe Israel did something wrong. You should really not do that. I, I think it's criminal of you to even discuss.


I know, I know anything. Well, It's not right apparently. Right. I've been co-opted by what's called the woke. Right. The woke. Right. That's what I heard. There's a woke right now. Yes. And they're fascinating. There's, they're co-opting. I still haven't accepted the fact that I've left the left. I did a CNN interview for an hour because I'm promoting my special. And then, oh my God. Did you really? Yeah. And they asked me, who'd you talk to? This Girl L Reeves. Was she cool? L She was cool. She does all the, you know, when you see the vice documentaries where she talks to the Nazis and the incel. Oh, Jesus. She does that. That it was that chick. And they sent her in. Oh, that's A good move for them. I was like, this is hilarious. So I'm sitting there and she sits down and she's like, are there any left wing comedians? And I named 10 of them that are all in arenas. And she goes, oh.


'cause their whole thing now is that podcasters are the most powerful people in the world. And she goes, do you think your friends are the new establishment? I said, well, there's 22 intelligence agencies and entire legacy media. There's lots of Ivy League schools. There's this, there's that. Do I think Theo Vaughn's the new establishment? No, I don't think so. I think, I think you ran a really unpopular candidate. I don't think Americans like child sex changes. Yeah. And I don't think they want an open border. And I think if you'd, you know, co-opted some of those issues, you might have won. They said to me at CNN, they're like, we're editing the interview. I said, put the hour out. I sat there for an hour and, and we had a nice conversation. But you know, we talked for one hour and I was like, put it out.


I'm like, I understand if you can't put it out on. And then she goes like this. She goes, I can't believe you'd show up. People have said that they can't come on here because Joe Rogan would get mad at them. I said, that's absolutely ridiculous. Why would I care? I said, he doesn't care. He would never care. I said, oh, that's so silly. It's the silliest thing ever. Do They think we're at war? I just said, put out the thing, put out the hour online. If you can only put out a few minutes on, on network, fine. But it's wrong to have someone come in and talk for an hour. Right. And then not, And then use three minutes And then use five minutes. Yeah. It's fucked up. So what, how much did they use? We don't know yet. They haven't put it out. And do you, did they say, we can't put the whole hour out?


I texted this journalist and she texted me. She goes, I'm pushing for like a long form release. I go, yeah, man, just put out the interview Also. Do you guys want ratings or no? Yeah. We had a conversation about all these things you guys talk about. Yeah. You guys have a website, then What are we doing? Don't you have a YouTube page out? Have a YouTube page. Put the fucking whole hour out. She's Like, I go, she goes, she goes, what do you think that Joe Rogan show? Why is this so popular? I go, well, one of the reasons is he doesn't edit people. They, they don't, they're not edited. They come on, they say what they wanna say and there's no editing. So what's weird about those institutions is they will sit you down for an hour and then I guess cherry pick what they think their audience wants to see. Well, they just want what they think is gonna grab the most ratings and is not gonna make them look stupid.


So if you're mocking them openly Yeah. And explain, explain. Well, she didn't know. And she said that she goes, comedy's right wing now. I go, she goes Name left of center comedians. I named literally eight of them. And I said, they all are in arenas. I go, what are you talking about? It's so dumb. What are you talking about? It's so dumb. I was like, that's you, you're saying that comedy's what? By the way, I used to be left of center according to the metrics of 2015. I said, There's a lot of Joe's positions if you look at them, that are in, that are, that are left of center positions. And there's a lot of my positions or anyone's positions. I said, there's nobody that you can easily put in a box. Yeah. And but they, they want you to be in that box. Well, they're silly. And they also want me to be an enemy of cnn. I don't give a fuck, if any You don't Care. Who cares? By the way, I hope CNN corrects course and does real news.


Right, right. And just concentrates on the news and all this fucking, I don't want editorial comments from morons. Right. So when you're force feeding me Don Lemon's opinion on how the world should be. Right. And how, you know, everyone should be shamed if they don't get vaccinated, like Right. You're, you're force feeding me morons. Like no matter of course your ratings plummeted. Yeah, of course. And you guys lied about so many fucking things and never corrected Yourselves. Well, they're an arm of the Democratic National Committee and they're an arm of that party. I mean, they, they're, they, you know, Whether they are forced to be, or whether they choose to be because they identify with being Democrat and they want to skew things completely towards the left.


Yeah. I don't know. I don't know what the answer to that is. All Of the old Bush era neoconservative people who pushed the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and the Patriot Act and Guantanamo Bay and all of this stuff, all fine homes usually on M-S-N-B-C or CNN advocating for war with Iran. Yes. Yes. Or always an escalation in Ukraine. They always, so it's kind of an establishment doesn't seem to ma they don't really care about party. Right. Right. And you know, They're doing better now though. I mean this, when they have Scott Jennings on, he's that's Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He, he's great. Yeah. That's the kind of conversations you need. Completely ridiculous. People are outta your fucking minds versus Scott Jennings.


Like, those are great. Cause it Wasn you. You need to have some fun. Yeah. Cause it wasn it Makes these ridiculous woke anchors look retarded. Yeah. And they should. They Are. There Are principled In the world. There are good principled arguments that against right wing things. Yes. You just can't have people who are completely out of it. Make them. Exactly. Yeah. Exactly. Like after the election, one of my favorite ones, was it CNBC or CNNI forget what it won. This guy was talking about this whole right wing podcast ecosystem that's incredibly well funded and organized and Right. What are you talking about? Right. Right. Like, you could literally go to the roots of how it all started. You could see every one of us doing our first podcast Yeah.


With a fucking Webc count. There's no, there's no funding. What are we talking about? What are we Saying? Even the, the idea that we're all organized together or that like, I would wanna prevent people from going on CN it, it's silly. I could Not care less Because that's the way they operate. You always usually, like, a lot of times you end up accusing people of something you are doing. Right. So you, 'cause you are familiar with that. So they're like, well, we have a top down corporate oligarchy telling us what to do. Is that the way it works with you? Like, no. Joe Rogan doesn't email people at the beginning of the week and go, Hey guys, this is, This is where, where You can't go. This is the most insane thing ever. But Not only that, like I want them to do. Well, I really don't care. Right. They obviously don't want me to do well.


Right. But I don't care. Right. I hope they're, look, if they turned it around and CNN became great, I'd watch it all the time. It's just, it used to be great. It used to have parts unknown on It. The new thing they're doing, this is, this is a very interesting thing that's happening. If somebody says something that they don't like and they can't immediately dismiss it, they go, but the fans of that thing are bad people. Right. This is an interesting attack point. They go, but somebody with a massive audience, if they find a sliver of that audience to be objectionable in any way, they then go, well, the fans of that type of questioning are antisemitic or racist. Right. Or something.


Well, that's, and they don't deal with the actual facts or the actual line of argumentation. Yeah. It's just a sneaky debate tactic. Right. When you're dealing with I have 19 million YouTube subscribers, how can you nail that down to the fans? Right. You don't know. Right. You're just talking outta your ass. Right. This is, this is a non argument. Right. It's a stupid point. And by the way, when you're talking about actual comments, we've already established that. I don't know what the number is, but there's a huge number of people that are commenting that aren't even people. Right. They're bots. Right. They're state sponsored bots. Yeah. They could be from Ukraine, they could be from America.


They could be from Russia. They could be from Israel. And I want more of them. Yeah. So if they're a state sponsored bots that can, that can jack my ratings up. They can if, if they want to come over to me. Do You have anything nice to say about Israel? Any Ukraine? I'm waiting for the money. I texted Barry Weiss and go, here's the way this game works. I get a little bit of money first. Not, not, I go on and defend whatever the hell you people wanna do. Where's I'm not gonna get my beak wet. If you and I go to Israel, will you slap on the yamaka? Absolutely. Absolutely. Reaches the Wall. The Wall. Absolutely. Absolutely. Really? Oh yeah. Sure. I mean, did, and, and my film is greenlit. When Do you have to kiss the wall? Is that The word?


And my, no, I don't know anything. The wall's the way. Is that the whaling Wall? I don't know. But Mike Huckabee's over there like a good Christian. Oh, well, he loves it over that Sunday. He loves Supposed to be, because the fundamentalist Christians go hard. Yeah. With with the Israel thing. They're like, let's go. They think Jesus is coming back to that Spot. No. Yeah. They're, what's very interesting is if Israel said to a fundamentalist Christian, if Netanyahu called Mike Hpi and said, we're gonna have to nuke Iran, he'd go, let's do it. That's what Jesus wants. Let's Do it. That's what Jesus would want a nuclear war. So that's where we've gotten, we've gotten this Point. Jesus wants us to use the Nukes where, where we have fundamentalist Christians and, and, and, and fundamentalist is Israel and fundamentalist Muslims on the other side.


And everybody's playing this weird game and Yeah. Yeah. There he is. Boy, he looks old. Jesus. This is just hilarious. If this is the freeze frame from the episode That we released, these guys watching this stopped. They stopped dying their hair at some point in time and just say, Oh, fuck it. You know, like Stallone did. The best hat they have is the Shriner. They wear it in Brooklyn. It's that big furry Russian Hat. I love that hat. Looks Sick. It That is a sick hat. It looks like something at a Game of Thrones. Yeah. That's a hat. Like, I don't give a fuck what you think Doesn't matter. I'm a member of the tribe, bitch. I got strings hanging from my belt. I got a and I'm rocking up. I got a hat, a bare dick hat. Yeah. I mean, that's a pretty sick hat. Yeah. I like that hat. I think people can't get past the fact that like Yeah, I mean, it's Just, look at that hat that has the shit.


What's that made outta at? Why? Let's answer the question, why do orthodox Jewish men, where's Ari when you need them? That's a great point. Ari never had to wear one of those hats though. No, but he looked good. Yeah. I got a ton of hats from different UFC fighters. Yeah. From like Dagestan and from Kazakhstan. I got a cool Kazakhstan hat from Shaka Ram Obama. It's a sick hat. That is Pretty dope. It's an objectively Why did they, Jamie, I'll find out. There was an article that just said it before that the, the the fur one. If you go back up in upper left corner. Yeah. Upper left corner. Yeah. Jew in the city is the name of the website. God, I hope a Jewish person's running that website.


Otherwise they're gonna get assassinated. The fur hat is known by the Yiddish name. How do you say that? Strel. Strel Ell. Yeah. Therial was adopted by Eastern European Jewish communities in the 18th century and coincided with the rise of acidic Judaism. Technically a shrier is one particular style of hat. There are others, one that might be familiar on site is the spo. Oh, you fucking pop up at cocksucker. Enter your email. Which is taller and more cylindrical than a strel. A spode is the style generally favored by Hasidic sex of Polish descent to the casual observer. However, they're all dral Strel made from a large piece of velvet surrounded by fur. Fur usually comes from the tips of the tails of Sable, Martins or fox.


Nice. Synthetic rimmels do exist. They're more common in Israel than elsewhere. Interesting. Strel can cost thousands of dollars. So it's not uncommon for a Hasidic man to own a second cheaper strel so that his main strel will not be battered by the elements. Interesting. Yeah. Interesting. It's cool hat. Let everybody know you're part of the tribe. It's, it's a fun hat. Maybe Comedians mean like a thing that we wear a hat. Yeah. Like a thing that lets, that's go we don't give a fuck. Yeah. I like that Kanye West black clan suit. That's dope. How about his giant swastika in diamonds? Have you seen that? What's funny is a jeweler made that Oh yeah. Jewish and a Jewish jeweler. Yeah.


The one fat, an Israeli Jewish guy. They probably Give him a significant markup. Yeah, Yeah. Of course I would. I've gotta give you a swastika. I would, I would. It's only fair. Yeah. You need a tax. I think it's only fair If you want a Jewish man to make a swastika. You gotta pay. People gotta separate, you know? And I think this is not, I think people gotta separate, like governments from people, intelligence agencies from people. I think that's the whole thing. I think people are losing the ability to do that in this case. Right. Because you people that when you criticize Israel, you criticize something that may or may not have been done by a government or as intelligence agency, you're not criticizing people. Right. You're criticizing a group of people making decisions. I don't think America always does. Things are in the best interest of the American people.


Right. Well, this is the problem with when everybody sort of picks sides during the covid thing. Whether or not we should trust the vaccine companies because like you, you did it because you are on the left and the people on the right were the ones who didn't want to take it. So instead of just looking at it objectively, the people on the left were like, everybody who doesn't agree is a, a science denier. And it got like really kooky. Right. 'cause it, it got ideological and as soon as it's ideological, you can fucking justify anything. Right. This is how, how Jewish Americans are justifying, well Hamas uses people as human shields. Like they'll say things like that. Right. Like it's a way you can justify mass murder. Yeah. It's a way you can justify anything.


Anything. As long as the tribe on your side what whatever your clan is. Right. You can, you can justify things. And so people stop thinking. They stop thinking and they just think completely along ideological lines. It's Frustrating as as fuck. It's It is. And passionately. Yeah. Very passionately. They're Right. You're Wrong. No one is ever questioning anything. No one ever. Why would they question science? No. No one goes, wait a minute. Like I think it's healthy to every now and then go. Maybe I'm wrong. Yeah. There was just something that got released today that showed, they just released today that showed that COVID-19 definitively came from that lab. Thousand percent. 100% proof it came from that lab.


I read it a little bit of it on the way here. Yeah. It's Fucking nuts. It's nuts, man. It's nuts. These fucking people, they just got roped into this And it was a man completely manmade. 100% Disease. 100%. And they knew that from the moment it happened, it leaked the moment it happened. They and they just lied. And fauci is just out there walking around. That's an interesting, it's an, it's an interesting case when someone like that in that position repeatedly lied to people about the origins of that. Yeah. And is allowed to just Be free and faces zero consequences.


Meanwhile, They were trying to trump in jail because he Inflated the price of a condo. Yeah. Would you see what they, he got an appraisal that was high and then they lied. Well, their, their was horses shit. They lied about It. See that Leticia James is now in trouble for the exact same shit. Really? You didn't see that. That Makes sense. They're investigating her because she allegedly, according to Megan Kelly, who I trust implicitly Yeah. Allegedly went and got mortgages with her father listing them as husband and wife. Yeah. On, on buildings. Right. Multiple times. And then also lied about the amount of bedrooms that were in a place. Right. Because if it's four bedrooms, you get one tax rate if it's five.


Right. It's more so she lied. It was a five and she said it was a four. Right. Well, this is what they all do. So I think really the funny thing about all the cases that they brought against Trump, a lot of those cases were rooted in just politicized version of something that's pretty standard that a lot of people have done. Yeah. They always overvalue their properties. Always overvalue properties and people get away with it. And it's not you, It's not a crime. But here's the thing about Trump, not something is that all the people had been paid. So not only was it profitable for the banks, he paid everything on time. Yeah. The loan, there's no, there was no criminal. Like there's no crime.


No one got victimized and nothing, nothing happened. Right. They profited. Right. And then this crazy lady with a terrible past thought that she was gonna be able to pull this off because she was on the team that she thought was gonna win. Like you talk about putting all your eggs in one basket, like they got a bunch of morons, it feels to sign in on these things. It Feels like you have, there's some, we're in some kind of cold war between two factions in American politics that are using courts and lawyers to go at each other. Yeah. It's not hot war. People aren't fighting in the streets. But it does seem to be, these parties seem to no longer view each other as different sides of the same coin.


There seems to be, especially when it comes to Trump, it seems to be like they cannot, you know, see him as anything other than an existential threat that has to be vanquished at any cost. Right. And the problem with that is when you deny good things and only highlight bad things that everybody knows it. Well, now you're playing a game and your game is, I never tell the truth. I tell you parts of the truth that I like. Yeah. And you gotta win that game. Yeah. If you're playing that game, you're gotta win. Yeah. If you do all these things, they have to work. And if Trump gets in office, even have to do all these things, we, it's a problem. You have, you're fucked. Then it's a problem. You know, it's like with JFK, he, they got him. Yeah. You know, obviously not good, but they got him and then that slammed the door shut and then all their people came in and kept a coverup going on.


I wish I really understood all this stuff that we talk about. Yeah. Because there's an argument that we haven't had a real president since JFK got shot and That, that's probably a good argument. Yeah. And there's maybe arguments that we actually didn't have real presidents prior to JFK. Right. So, but Well, what do you think is happening now then? Do you think that, I think you have these guys, right? See, these guys that, that go into the CIA, they, they, they, they learn all about these underground groups. They have all of these different relationships all over the world. Right. Weapons meant, you know, weapons, drug running weapons, all of these different, you know, terrorist groups, crim crime syndicates, their job is to know information about every government, all of the, you know, separatist groups that could potentially take over and become the next government.


They have all of these connections and then they either leave the CIA, they retire or supposedly it never occurs to any of them to make a buck. That's the real question. Right. It never occurs to any of these people that there might be a great way to make a buck working with some of these people outside of Congress, the White House, all of that. That's as it's been explained to me by pretty smart people. That's what you have. You have a rogue element Yeah. Of people in those agencies that have massive amounts of money. Right. And they're very well connected and they're running weapons and the president has no idea what's going on.


Right. And Congress has no idea what's going on. They're not briefing a teacher from Georgia who got elected because he promised he was gonna bring, build a fucking shopping mall in a suburb of Atlanta. Right. About what they're doing in Syria. Right. They're not briefing these people. Exactly. There's nothing democratic about what's happening. And so then you think to yourself, you're like, well, how do we make sure everyone keeps their mouth shut? How do we make sure everyone keeps their mouth shut? Chaing. Then we go, not only money, but that's when we bring in JLA Maxwell. That's when we bring in Jeffrey ey. Right. That's when we bring in people who go, let's all have fun. We've got a great weekend getaway planned, and then we can all be on camera doing something that would get us thrown in jail.


Have people rightly disgusted and wanna kill us. And the worst things ever are now on camera somewhere. Those tapes are somewhere now everybody is completely incapable of ever coming out and saying what's going on. Yeah. And, you know, and then those people Are Running a a, a parallel government's a parallel command structure. And that's a huge Problem. And it was essentially completely in control for four years. Probably for more than four. But the last four Yeah, for sure. Thousand percent. That's the best example we've ever had of that.


Thousand percent. That's, that guy's never really running things. Thousand percent. There's no way they let him. And it's probably still going in control to a, to a certain degree now because it's very hard to, when you have something like that happening, it is very difficult to completely shut it down. Well, it's Very hard. It's de Well, here's a perfect example. The we know it's definitely running things. 'cause Trump is still trying to figure out why he got shot. Right. Like, he was like, I want more information. Yeah. Like there's no information coming. There's not Coming to him. There's not gonna be information. Yeah. There's not gonna be information. That's a crazy story. That's story. Well, Also there's, You should try to connect.


Like if it's not America that did it, it's not us. It's not intelligence agency that did it, then it means a foreign government that hijacked this kid's brain and got him to climb on top of that roof. Like somebody tried to get someone to assassinate a guy who's running for president and no one seems to be interested in finding who that person or that group who influence this kid is. So many of these acts, intelligence chiefs pop up all over the world. They pop up in Dubai, they pop up on c they love to travel, they love traveling. They're having meetings with people. They're all over the place. They're, they love people and they're just, they love people. They love cultures, cultures. They love meeting different cultures. Yeah. The Food's great. And supposedly I heard from someone who's, again, smart and, and I consider trustworthy that there's actually large sectors of the global economy that are moved more in this direction than you'd think.


Like there, there are tentacles into very large investment banks and private equity companies that a lot of these guys have. For sure. Let's put it that way. Obviously it doesn't, it's not a shocking thing for sure. Why would, why would the government let a private equity company op operate with impunity? Right. So you Right. So you Have, especially if they're controlling regulations and then let's work together. Right. There doesn't seem to be a good answer to any of this. That becomes the real issue. You ever get invited to these like fucking Illuminati conferences or any of these crazy things? No. They wanted me to do standup at one conference. And it wasn't like an Illuminati kind of thing. It was like a, I don't know, it was like some type of like low grade Illuminati.


Yeah. That's how they start kind of fo Illuminati. That's like the minor leagues. Yeah. And then eventually you, you go to some Yeah. Weird ranch in the mountains of Wyoming. Well, that sounds nice. Maybe actually it does sound nice. Maybe. No, I think that like, it does seem weird that a lot of, once you get to a certain level, people take an interest in you that never were interested, you know? Oh yeah. For sure. For sure. Yeah. People are interested. Welcome To my world. Yeah. It is strange that people seem to care about you or what you're saying or people going, I think you, your read on that is wrong and you're like, why do you care what it is?


I'm I'm a fucking guy with a talk, you know, microphone once, twice a week. Yeah. But they don't like that. They don't like people having influence that haven't been sanctioned. They don't like that. Yeah. They want all influence to be top down. Yeah. All influenced to be a part of a giant corporation. Yeah. That's what they want. They don't want influence to be just regular people. Regular people are fringe. They're far this, or far that they're problematic. They're, they spew misinformation and dis just no one has Ps more misinformation than CNN over The years. A Lot. How many times do you guys just what you guys did over Covid, if you were a podcaster, you'd be shut down. Right? Like if the podcasters were the one telling everybody to get vaxxed, you get, you get it.


You won't get, you won't spread it. You won't this, you want that. There's no side effects if podcasters are saying that. But the establishment news was saying, hold on, this is an experimental vaccine. We should not be asking women who are pregnant to take this. We should be not, not asking kids who are in no danger to take this. We do not know the long term consequences. If podcasters were saying that, you know, podcasters were on the, the government side instead of CNN. If CNN was the wise ones that told everybody to be cautious. Right. They would want us prosecuted. Yeah. They would be going after us for all the side effects that people are experiencing. Yeah. You have blood on your hands. You're responsible for strokes and heart attacks and myocarditis and all sorts of autoimmune issues.


Well, you also have to think about how much easier it is for let, let's say an intelligence community to manipulate them than it is to come in here. Like a, an intelligence community's not gonna go, all right, Let's find, all they have to do is bring me to the UFOs. No, no, no. That's all I have for sure. I'm on the agenda. Agenda. Keep telling them that. Yes. That's All you have to do. What do you want me to do? It's very easy. We gonna go to war with Kosovo. I, I don't even know Good idea where Kosovo is on a map, but if you tell me where the UFOs are, I'll have a guy in here that explains why it's super important. We on The fuck. But it's funny, it's like, oh, what they'd have to do is pick somebody, have them become a comedian, start a podcast, get an audit. Like it is difficult, right? Yes. Whereas if you work at a media company, it's very easy to just some new guys there. Yeah. Who's this?


Right, right, right. Oh, You know what I mean? Yeah. That's Mike. Somebody just shows up. Hey Suzanne. Suzanne run everything by Suzanne. Hey, how does this guy, Bob Woodward, how does he get the most important? He just, this is his first Case. Lucky guy. He gets Watergate. Lucky guy. Wait A minute. What did he do for Navy Intelligence? Right. Lucky guy. That Watergate thing's So funny because, well, I've Been here for 30 years, Mike. Yeah. I haven't gotten anything. Shut the fuck up. Bob's taking this case. Bob's taking down Nixon who's kept, keeps asking questions about what happened to Kennedy. Did you see when Bill Murray was here? I did. Yeah. Did you see the thing that he said about Wired the book? Yeah. Wait, which one Wired is the book on John Belushi?


He said, I read the first five pages and I was like, oh my God. They set up Nixon. Oh, that's hilarious. They framed Nixon. That's so funny. This Is what he said. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's like, if this is what they say, this is what the same guy said about John Belushi, which is 100% not true. Right. Do you know John Belushi with a lightweight. Right. He would drink a couple of beers and he'd be fucked up. Right. But he didn't have tolerance. He wasn't this maniacal coke sniffing. No, it was all lies. They don't care at all about getting any accurate information. That time that he died Yeah. Was probably the first time he ever did a speedball, according to Bill Murray. Wow. Wow. Yeah. Wow. And Bill Murray was one of his best friends. Bill Murray knew Bill Murray's, like I've known this guy most of my life. Right. And then there he goes, they framed Nixon.


Right. And Then I, and then I told him the whole story that Tucker Carlson had told me. Yeah. Which I was like, what? That it was all FBI agents. Yeah. And like the whole thing was a complete sting. It was a, it was a sloppy burglary where they wanted to get caught. They traced it back to Nixon because Nixon was doing things they hated. Well, This is the thing they got Nixon on. Yeah. I know if you know, but what they said to Nixon is they told if Nixon was not guilty of the crime, but they told Nixon about the crime and then he helped them cover it up. Right. That's how they got him. Right. But I mean, what is he gonna do? Of course. If he thinks this is on the, the legit. Of course. And you come to him with the crime, like, oh Jesus girl. We'll, you fucking tell anybody Tim, Jesus Christ, Tim. Yeah. What did you do?


You bugged Cap City. Yeah. Fuck. They had to get rid. They had to get, they had to get rid of him. Well, This is what we're gonna do. We're gonna, we're gonna throw our phones in the river. Yeah. Right. Here's what happens Now. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. How do we get outta this? Yeah. Where'd you put the bugs? Can we get, can we break in and take the bugs back? That's so funny. Yeah. They'd be so flattered if you b if we bug cap city. That's awesome. Somebody told me last night that they hate us. I'm like, how do you hate me? I love you. I used to love the old Cap city. If you got head cap city. Right. If you got headliners and you need them, I'll promote it. I'll promote it on Twitter. Yeah. And same thing with Moontower. I heard they're mad at me too. 'cause I wouldn't have them at the club.


I'm happy to help you. Yeah, I would happy to help you. Of course. I just don't want you to book my club course. That's all it is. Course my club is sold out every night. Yeah. Of, and it's guys like you and Shane and Ari and all these. I don't want anybody else booking it. It doesn't mean that I don't support your cause. Of course. I just don't want you coming into my establishment. That's all it is. I don't, I I want everybody to do Well. There's five comedy clubs on my street. What You've done. I think happy, ultimately is good for the town. You bring people into the town. The problem is when people used to be in control of comedy in the town, and then all of a sudden they're not. And they used to be like the person that people would go to and now they're insignificant. Right. You know?


Yeah. I think a lot of people struggle with that. The idea of that, that they're, they're, they're losing control. I think they hate, I think that seems to be the most, the angriest, I've seen people online since the election that have railed against podcasts and they've railed against, they seem to be angry that they no longer have a monopoly Exactly. On what people can hear. Exactly. And they still continue to lie and misrepresent people that do podcasts. Right. Or people that are on a, have a different opinion say, and that's where it gets really stupid. You know, like they keep saying that, you know, when I had that Darryl Cooper guy on that I'm bringing on a Nazi apologist and a Holocaust denni.


Like that is, neither of those things are true. Yeah. It's not true. And the guy doesn't just talk about that. By the way, his, his stuff about Jim Jones is fucking sensational. You know, Jim Jones was like a civil rights leader. Yeah. Jim Jones had an interracial child when Yeah. I didn't know any of that. Yeah. Jim Jones was like, he would, he had an adopted black child that he would take to school and everybody would be fucking furious at him in the town. Yeah. And he was like, he was a legitimate Christian. Like a real, I believe in the teachings of Jesus Christian, one Of the big things in America. I'm talking about kooky on that. Yeah, of course. The meth got Him. Yes. Listen, there are a lot of people questioning World War II for not good reasons, of course. Right. It's like people that bring up the age of consent and you go, wait a minute.


You know, Hey, What's going on? What are You doing? There are, there are people I think that do launder not great reasons for ques, for questioning World War II through whatever, however, No doubt. No Doubt. No doubt. There is a very interesting, the, the teeth really come out, the gnashing of teeth come out in this country when you question at all the American war machine Yes. And the pageantry of war and the, you know, iconography of the state and of war and of how important it is and how just it always is and how we're always on the right side of it.


Yeah. And we're always doing the right thing. And in World War ii, I, we 100% were, but there are a lot of other times when we've made grave errors with our military. Yes. And I feel like it's not good enough for, you can't just point to World War ii, which is again, we were Correct. Yes. But I think there is this idea that if you, you do, it's, it's not an accident. There's a million movies made about World War ii. Yeah. It's not an accident that there is a lot of pageantry surrounding World War Ii. Well, also that the World War II movies have heroes of course. Whereas the Vietnam movies are apo now. Now that's right.


Everything's complicated and it's all chaos. So I think that inspires the idea that a military solution is always correct and that the use of force is always the right way to do it. And that coincidentally makes people lots and lots of money and their children never end up fighting those wars. Yeah. That seems to be a lot of it. Now, that doesn't mean that there, there aren't people with bad motivations that are genuinely antisemitic or that genuinely are, have fascist inclinations. There absolutely are. But I think there needs to be space to criticize the, the mythologizing of war in general and the justification for endless wars all the time.


Yes. Like Iran, I hope Trump does not go into Iran. Yeah. That seems like a very bad idea. It also seems like a very bad idea for Iran to get nuclear weapons. That seems bad too. Yes. But I think there's ways to prevent that without a regime change war. Right. This is what we have to do. This is what Tulsi Gabbard, I think was very attractive about a lot of what she said during her confirmation hearing. She goes, I understand that there are terrorists out there that are dangerous, but we gotta find a way to deal with 'em without committing troops to stand there on in an Islamic con. We've done this. Yeah. We saw this movie. Yeah. It doesn't work out. Yeah. You know, and I think we have to stop thinking that it's gonna be better this time. If we decapitate the head of a foreign co government and we have American soldiers in an Islamic country trying to set up a provisional government, the nightmare of that during Iraq Pole Bremmer, this weird British looking guy that they sent to stand on that rebel rebel with his boots.


And, you know, the mission accomplished on the aircraft car like it brings back, like, you know, to me it's like I get flashbacks from it. Do You remember the guy who was the Iraqi public relations guy who was saying that they're winning the war? They're Kicking. Was it, was it ate well? No. That was the guy that fed us all the bullshit to get us in. No, no, no. It was the guy that they, people openly mocked. I believe he had glasses and he was the guy that was always saying that a rock is kicking ass. Oh, interesting. No. Yeah. Baghdad something or another. They called him And he was saying that we were doing good. No, no, no, no. Oh, that we were No, no. He was saying that a, a rock is kicking our ass. Yeah.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats Summer is almost here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered Catamaran. That's a no lemon meringue. That's a yes. A day in the sun. No. A bottle of rum. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely help you out with that. Get almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You must be legal drinking age. Please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by Region C App for details.


This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. Sometimes speed is a huge asset, like in the ring or on the field. Being quicker than your opponent could be the difference between winning and losing in the world of business. It could be the difference between finding or missing out on your next great hire. Luckily, you can speed up the hiring process with ZipRecruiter. Their new zip intro feature can help you meet several interested, qualified candidates at once, kind of like speed dating. And right now you can try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro works fast to find the people you need. You can literally post your job today and start talking to candidates in back to back calls tomorrow. It's that fast. And best of all, this feature does a lot of the legwork for you. It finds you top talent for your role and schedules those calls. All you need to do is pick a time, enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with zip intro only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro. Post jobs today. Talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


Well do remember that? That's hilarious. No, I don't remember that Bad dad. Something or another. They called Him. By the way, does anyone know what's going on in Iraq right now? Couldn't Mostly flea markets. If there was a gun to my head, I could not tell you what the state of Iraq. I know the Taliban are in Afghanistan. What's going on in Iraq? Listen, listen, listen, listen. You hear that? Ready? That's a gay guy that threw off A roof. Right, right. So that's why we spend, that's a 20 year, you know, commitment where it was a very long time. Right. So that's like, I, I feel like that's the, that's the thing that when you ever try to have a nuanced understanding of what we can and can't do, I don't think it's a great idea that Iran gets nuclear weapons.


It seems like there are ways to prevent that. We gotta make ISIS in charge That make full scale invasion. Yeah, but don't we need these Like, I think like, it it, I always look at these groups like the Houthis and stuff. We need these people. A hundred percent. We need them. And if the Houthis are a fun one, 'cause they're like on the ocean and they're like pirates, this is new. They figured out that like land-based stuff's not as interest. They're like, they're disrupting trade. You know how much of our trade goes through it's 3%. Hey, 3% trade. Don't minimize that. Just like, I don't want you minimizing the female or These women. Yeah. But we need these h these, it feels like we need these groups. We had isis, we had then isil now, you know, we had the people in Syria.


I forget the, their names something. But we need these little groups and this is what we do. We just choose. 'cause all of these groups are not even, they're just people hanging out and then we give them weapons and get them going. They're just guys in a bar. A lot of these groups are guys in a bar. You don't even have a bar. They have a hole the Ground. They're a hole they holding in the ground. And we, we show up and we start arming them and giving them stuff. And it's like, it's like that Bill Hicks joke where it's like, pick up the gun. You know, from especially, it's like, are the Houthis an existential threat to the United States? That feels crazy. The craziest thing was just Feels insane.


Trump showing the video of them getting bombed. Oh yeah. It is so wild. We could Kill all this is the problem. We could get rid of all of these threats in five minutes. We, but we don't want it. We don't seem to want, it's not good for business. Yeah. No. We gotta keep Coming after. You cant come to a market every week. You'll you'll burn it out. No, the Houthis are good. I I You doing standup, you gotta go once a year. You gotta go once a year. Once every 18 months. And I like the Houthis cause it wasn. They feel it's like a new, but they're not sticking. It's not, no one's believing it. So now they're back to Hezbollah. Oh, Hezbollah wears the fatigues. Ooh. If you get up Hezbollah, they're scary looking. The Houthis are not that scary. The Houthis look like a bunch of dudes in like a bizarre, like you said, like in a flea market.


Right. That they're on a boat, they're holding up guns. No one cares. Hezbollah looks genuinely like, okay, yeah, let's not fuck with these people. Well it's like Shane's bit. Yeah. About the Iraqis. Yeah. Or the Afghanis. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Going through the fucking, the workouts and Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like that. We think they're like an elite army. Oh God. Yeah. They couldn't do jumping jacks. No, Shane Do anything. But that's the whole thing. It's like, it's this weird global chess board of like, we, you know, someone said to me once that there's like a dial. You turn it out. Be like more war. Less war. Yeah. More war. Less war. I'm gonna some conflicts if smelling salts are good for allergies. Have you gotten any of the allergies out here? No. My first, I don't get it The first year of legitimately getting 'em.


Cedar fever. I think you gotta do cocaine. They make allergy medicine too. Yeah. That's no Fun. Yeah. Maybe Zyrtec or something. Asto. What is it? The cedar. I don't know what it's, I think it's, people say cedar. But my nose been running in. Did you hear the story at all? Went into Mark Hopper actually might've helped the military capture. Zain. What? So they Were on a SO tour in 2003 and they got asked to come in and do like a private show. And he sat down it sick isn't here, Said Sir, I have a plan to catch Sodom Hussein, the musician recalled telling a Navy admiral on board the aircraft carrier in the Persian Gulf.


According to Hoppa, Hussain had been sending video messages to his followers from an unknown location. At the time, the musician felt that the military could use drones to their advantage and uncover his location by pulling data from the video messages. Sir, what about having drones fly all over the region and carpeting patterns, broadcasting time codes above the level of human hearing. But at the level that a video recording would catch it, hope it suggested to the admiral. Then the next time he releases one of his videos, you could listen to it, pull the ultrasonic data and triangulate the drones you have flying all over. Holy shit. This is the guy from Blink 180 2. Yes. I Think his dad was in the military. Someone was in something knew.


He knew. Yeah. Okay. This brings me back to that fucking strange times in Laurel Canyon. Shit. Yeah. Four months later, Sodom was located in caption in Iraq. So you're welcome everyone. What a great book that well, not only did Tom O'Neill book, but then the this Dave McGowan book. Weird Scenes Inside the Canyon. I lived up there when I was living in la I lived up there. And it, I'm telling you, that is the creepiest vibe of any area that I've ever been to in my life. It's a weird vibe. They have that fucking military insulation, that Lookout Mountain. Jared Leto owns that. He lives there now. Doesn't He have a whole cult? Shh. Okay. He's a good guy. I'm sure he is. I'm not saying it's bad to Pat Cults. They tried to investigate his cult. Sure. It turns out it's not really, it's just a bunch of people having fun.


Yeah. There's nothing wrong With that. And there's no requirements. There's no, no one asks you to fuck 'em. There's no, nothing Happens. No, they're, you're It's a, it's a voluntary fuck cult. What? It's not even voluntary. Fuck cult. Yeah. It's just they get together and dance or something. I know what they do. I lived For three years. I didn't get one text. I had not one I used to drive by and point at it and go look. It's the thing. What Do they do? What does Jarret Little's? It's like a summer camp. They call it Echelon. Yeah. It's a summer camp. Camp Used to go watch the band play close up kind thing. Oh, what the fuck's the problem with that, Tim, how about Tim Dillon Fest? I have no problem with that. It's Basically Skank Fest. Just A bunch of people eating shellfish in Long Island being racist.


Yeah, absolutely. I have no issue with that at all. What, What a fun time though for us. Yeah. Because everything's just talk. I mean, there's so much stuff to talk about. Everything's nuts. Nothing Makes sense. You think, you know, I was on the All In podcast the other day and they were talking about these chips, these Nvidia chips. And how, what's interesting is people are setting up, 'cause we have these export controls that don't allow us to send certain chips to China. 'cause they're able to like manipulate them. Right. And then become like the world's largest semiconductor producer. But now all these fun fake companies are starting in like Bhutan or Cambodia and they're buying the chips or Singapore and then they all get back to China.


Well The, the one of the guys who worked at whatever the Yeah. Eminent, preeminent AI system in China was saying, one of whistleblowers was saying that they have Yeah. 50,000 of these fucking band chips. That's so wild. Whoopsies. And so they're, they're they, they were talking about like, is it better to send them the chips or is it better to, if you didn't, if you don't send the chips than it spurs their innovation and they make the chips. Well, either way they're gonna get the chips. Yeah. They're getting the chips. They're, They're both innovating and stealing at the same time. They're, Can there be anything done to stop their rise? Nah, not at this point. Doesn't feel like it. Right. There's so much more technologically advanced in so many different areas now. Yeah. Like the drones that they have are so superior to the commercial drones that we have.


Because drones over here, you have to have a pilot's license to drive the really spicy ones. Do You think some of those, those drones over New Jersey were theirs? Could be. I think they were ours. I honestly do. Otherwise I think they would've shot 'em down if they could. I don't know if they could. And maybe they wouldn't because then it would alarm people. 'cause then it would, like you would show that that is a legitimate threat. We're fighting for like satellite supremacy in the sky too. Yeah. That's crazy. Crazy. The internet, the starlink, I mean, essentially Elon's launching star links all over the fucking world. Do you worried all about the tech people being Democrats up until five minutes ago And then, you Know, yeah.


You should. But you know, I think A lot of those people have shifted sides. They've shifted sides because they understand that. Well, you know, had Mark Andreesen in here. Yeah. And Mark Andreessen was explaining, he said the most terrifying meetings we ever had was when we were part of an AI startup. And the government came in and said, we're not gonna let you do this. Right. Not only are we not gonna let you do this, we're not gonna let anybody do this. We're gonna have a, a small amount of these things we're gonna completely control. Yeah. He was like, what the fuck? Like, you guys are really openly saying this. Yeah. That you're gonna inhibit innovation at the highest level of technology. Some shit that you probably don't even understand, but you want to have absolute control Over it. I think the worry is that people don't trust the government, nor should they. But I don't know if they trust these tech guys either.


You shouldn't. Yeah. You shouldn't. Look what's going on with open ai. That's The whole thing. I think that people are wary of the tech people because they've now, these were the same people that were censoring and kicking people off the internet. Yes. When the people in the White House were blue. Right. And now that the people in the White House are red, they are, it's swung back the other way. Exactly. So I think people are a little wary of that. Yeah. Well they don't know where that goes. It's Just power. It's just, it's just, I mean, like Bernie Sanders is right in that you should be scared of oligarchs and oligarchs shouldn't be running our government. He's right. In that regard. Right. And when people get into positions of just unchecked power, so let's say if someone had control of some tech company, let's say it's an AI company.


And that AI company literally creates the unstoppable AI that helps empower the entire country. And this one guy, guy's in control of, and he's worth $3 trillion now. Right. And he decides to lobby and change a bunch of laws and influence politicians. And his company starts donating to certain politic. You could change the fabric of society with enough money and enough power and enough influence. Yeah. Especially if you could completely control what the narrative is. Right. In terms of like, when people google things, when they search things, when they talk about things, you can completely control what they're allowed to talk about and how, how that narrative gets co countered instantly.


Yeah. With facts and bullshit and Yeah. You Can just, well, it's being done everywhere, right? So it's being done at the highest levels. And I think people are uncomfortable with just losing, even though a lot of them realize that we didn't have a ton of control. They feel like, I think when you head into the world of tech where people just don't even know where this goes, where does it go? Does it go to transhumanism? Does it go to like AI replacing everybody? And then at what point, what do you do with those people that AI replaced? You give them all cryptocurrency that's linked to their biological whatever. Do you, I've read all these ideas, right?


Like, how do you deal with driverless cars where if the entire road is automated, right? How do you deal with that? I think that fills people with an anxiety where they go, what is the plan? And a lot of these tech guys like, well, we gotta get off the planet. And I think people start going like, wait a minute. You know, like, That's Weinstein, Eric Weinstein, what's a lot people off planet? There's a lot of people saying that. I'm saying, I don't Know what you're saying. There's a lot of pit. There's no air on Mars. Like, let's not go there. Yeah. Well, for sure. For sure. Do you think Trump and mosque will have a falling out eventually? I don't know. It's a good question. The media keeps trying to push that. They are. It feels like they're just big personalities in that there's an inevitability when you have two guys that are incredibly, you know, perhaps Alpha.


But Elon is very smart and you see he's always very deferential. Yeah. Like, and and he's always very respectful, Mr. President. It's always that. Well, of course, yeah. Call him sir. That's how I, I treat him. I always call him, sir. Yeah. It it, it's Donald Trump. Yeah, I get it. You're fired. I get it. But he's also the president, president of the United States. I call him, sir. But I call everybody sir. Yeah. I call everybody sir. Yeah. It's like the byproduct of me living in Texas now. Right? Sure. Yeah. But I don't know if they're gonna, you Don't get pulled over anymore here. And If I do, it's not that big of A deal. If you get pulled over here, a cop gives you money. Think of Mr. Rogan. Here's a check. I mean, there's no way, there's no law that you cannot break here.


I'm guaranteeing you. I Don't think that's correct. I think you could do a lot. I think they would. You would could, they would cover up a murder. That's sweet. If you murdered three people. Three, I think the Austin PD would go, whatever man he's doing a lot. They'd bring that mayor or that guy and he'd go, what? They'd go, yeah, the suspect's. Joe Rogan. He was standing over the bodies. They'd go, are you outta your fucking mind? Drive him home right now. Drive that man home. If I was in waist deep. Yeah. In rainy street. Oh yeah. Drowning a party goer. They don't Care bro. They still don't want to admit that there's a serial killer. You are the tourism board. Yeah. No, there, there's something's up. There's A serial Killer. Something's going on.


I believe there's a serial Killer. And what are they doing? They're luring people to that bridge. And then, Yeah, it's not hard. People like to go to the bridge. I just gotta look out for the bushes. So Weird. I guess it's such a high to kill someone. It's so to me I'm like, what do you get out of it? But I guess the people that are doing it like it, They're broken. Interesting. There's broken people. Yeah. And some broken people do meth and some broken people drown. Guys like to party. Do you ever talk, like, I'm sure you have, this is a stupid question, but like the high level law enforcement guys that have just met these monsters and stuff. Oh yeah. And I Is there, is there, do they believe that? It's like, is there any part of them that believes someone's just born? Yes. Interesting. Yeah. Yeah. And it's generally you have psychotic parents and so it's, was it, whether it's nature or nurture is hard to separate.


'cause you're probably abused. And generally at an early age they show like a, a willingness to torture. Like house pets and Stuff like that. Animals. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They'll maybe start off with a frog. They catch and stick a like a firecracker in its mouth Yeah. And stuff like that. And then they eventually work their way up to humans. Now it seems so much harder to do it because of these phones. Yeah. Surveillance. It's, it is, but it's, You can still do it. Not in Austin. You can get away with drowning Folks. You can, you can drown people. Why don't you think they'll admit it? They don't want people getting spooked. That's a good question. That's a good question. Maybe. Maybe I'm wrong. I mean, one of the biggest things ever in Austin with those crazy yogurt shop murders, HBO just came out with a documentary about them.


When was that? It was many years ago. This crazy yogurt shop murder thing. HBO just did a doc happened in Austin. It was like a famous case. And they've, it's completely unsolved except they put some people in jail for it. But then later let one of the out, like it was just one of those things where nobody was sure about what happened. So they were murdering people that went to the yogurt Place. It was 1991 And it just, south by Southwest, they just did a huge, Oh, it was one homicide, a quadruple homicide, which took place at, I can't believe it's yogurt shop in Austin. That could have been me in 1991. Wow. It's 34 years ago. 34 Years ago. It's an underbelly.


14 girls were murdered in Austin. Wow. 14. Yeah. Wow. And don't Know. And it's puzzled who did it. They don't, that's an unsolved murder. I checked the Boyfriends and there's many different theories about it. Wow. That's crazy. Four men were arrested and charged of capital murder in 99, but two of their cases were overturned. The other two never went to trial. Wow. Interesting. So there are these things that happen. Oh Yeah. Well that's what they say. That if you just randomly shoot someone and kill them. Yeah. Like if you're a real, real like rando. Like, did you ever see that movie Henry Port of a Serial Killer? No. It was about a guy named Henry Lee Lucas.


Oh wow. Yeah. And Henry Lee Lucas was attributed. They attributed like 62 murders to him. The problem is, I think one of the things cops do is they go, did you kill this guy? Yeah, I killed him too. Where'd you bury him? Where was he buried? Oh, that's where I buried him. Oh, right. That kind of thing. Now you got guy, you got a case solved. That was the, that was the accusation about Henry. 'cause he was definitely a murderer and a grifter and a, a drifter. And he was traveling around the country stealing things and, but then they made a movie about him and then the movie, he, it's like he's way more sinister and calculated and, but he would just randomly kill people. So they, they'll take credit for things they didn't do. Exactly.


To just beef up the body count. Exactly. Self-aggrandizing. That's what they want. They want attention. They're already in jail, You know? That's so wild. Yeah. Yeah. That's a, when you have shitty das and shitty prosecutors and shitty cops, they'll do stuff like that. Do you think that there are people that are, you know, national Park seems to be like a hotbed of people disappearing And do you think, you know, Appalachian Trail people? Yeah. Yeah. Do you think that's people getting you? Or is that a lot of it? Like, I got lost. I got eaten. You get lost. Yeah. You get eaten. There's a guy who has this whole series four one. Is it 9 1 1 missing or 4 1 1 missing people in national parks.


Listen man, you're just meat out there and you get eaten. And by the way, you don't find dead anything out there. You don't find dead mountain lions. Guess what? They die all the time. I've never seen a dead mountain lion when I was hunting because They, they get eaten. They get eaten. Right. Everything gets eaten. You get, not only do you get eaten, your bones get eaten, everything gets eaten. Right. It's So, it's not uncommon to disappear. And there's no trace. No trace. Yeah. Yeah. Super common. So if you're in a, a high traffic area, like I've hunting, I've found elk bones where a hunter killed the elk and then, you know, took all the meat off the bones and then left the bones there. That's, that's what you do when you pack out meat.


Yeah. And I found those, those animals. Wow. I actually even found one animal that I shot a long time ago. I shot like four years ago. And you found it. Yeah. We were in the same location. It was the same bones. There wasn't all the bones there left. Right. Some of them have been dragged away. Some of them have probably been eaten by rodents. You know, they, they eat the bones. Yeah. Slowly but surely. And if you're a human, you're made out of nothing. You're so easy to eat. Right. You know, like our bones are less dense. Our our meat is soft and chewy. Yeah. You know, like we get devoured. A bear would eat your whole body. There would be almost nothing left. And rodents would eat what's left. Yeah. Vultures. You gotta be careful. Yeah. In those places, you Can't be careful.


Yeah. Like if you don't have a GPS navigation system. Right. That has a lot of batteries. If you don't how to compass, have a compass and know how to use it. If you don't have a map, it's so easy to get lost in the woods. Right. It's so easy. Yeah. They're all around you and You can go in one direction and circle around. You don't even realize you're circling. Right. And then three days later you're back to where you started. You're like fucking, no. Yeah. You've been, It's terrible. You've even tree bark for three days and you're thinking It's the insane One of any step. I'm gonna see the highway. You Know what a horrible thing. People die Like that All, all the time. All the time. Just go to a hotel. It's very difficult to Navigate yourself. Just go to a resort. If you don't know the woods, you're not used to being in the woods and you're not used to having landmarks that you follow and know how to use a compass.


Know how to use a GPS. Some people are good at it and even they get eaten. You know, they get eaten too. Well, you break your ankle. Right. How about you break your ankle out there and you, you can't hike out. It's not possible. Right, right. What do you do? Yeah. You fucking die. That's what You do. Gotta be very careful. And it, you hear something at night, you're sleeping under a tree and you hear something at night. Right, right. You had a bear sniffing you. It's crazy. You can't run away and you don't have a weapon. You Can't do anything And it just eats You alive. And those wood just so dance in the Pacific Northwest and stuff like that. I mean, I mean, and everywhere, but especially The Pacific Northwest. Especially there it's like crazy. Yeah. You don't find nothing out there that, but that's why the Bigfoot rumor persists up there is 'cause the woods are like a box of Q-tips.


Right. You know, like you can't see shit out there. You don't know what that, you see A little shadow moving in between trees and you've decided it's a bigfoot, Right? Yeah. But it's just like a bear. It could be Right. It's Bear. Yeah. It's most likely a bear. Especially bears walking on two legs. Northern California is weird like that too. I mean, that's part of the Pacific Northwest Pro.


The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And it's time for all the high stakes drama, clutch moments and jaw dropping plays. I can't wait. If you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting, Draftking Sportsbook has you covered As an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin games all the way through to the finals, now's your time to back your favorite players and teams as they chase glory. All season long DraftKings has been the go-to spot for NBA player props. And that doesn't stop. Now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Ready to place your first bet. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app now lock in your bets and let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's something special for first timers. New DraftKings customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, call the Virginia Problem Gambling helpline at 8 8 8 5 3 2 3521 and over Virginia. Only eligibility restrictions apply. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by Amazon MGM Studio's new movie The Accountant. Two in theaters April 25th, Ben Affleck and John Bernthal are back in the accountant. Two. When an old acquaintance gets murdered, he leaves behind a cryptic message that leads straight to Christian Wolf, the uniquely skilled accountant to figure out who's behind it To solve this thing, he will need to team up with his estranged and seriously lethal Brother Brass. It's got crazy action, but it's also hilarious. The relationship between the brothers is something anyone with a sibling can relate to. And trust me, this is an all rated action thriller that you gotta experience on the big screen. The accountant two only in theaters. April 25th, checkout the accountant two movie.com to learn more.


Yeah, you get killed up there. Yeah. People die up there all the time. Did you ever see that documentary Sasquatch? No. It's a documentary that was on, was it on Hulu, Jamie? I think so. We had the director And it, the guy who created it. It was awesome. And it, what it's really about is about marijuana growers murdered a guy and then blamed it on Bigfoot. Wow. So these marijuana growers in Humboldt like that. Yeah. Up that area. Berry Mountain. So they all were hippies. Right. And then they started growing weed and then cartel people moved in and gangs moved in and they started robbing these people. So these people became heavily armed. And so they started having wars with like the growers and cartel people.


And so there was these people that were trying to steal from them. They murdered these people and then they blamed it on Bigfoot. They like ran over 'em with a fucking backhoe and crushed his fight. These Hippie are really violent. Oh. They get violent once it money. These hippies are junkies and, And you know, like this whole hippie thing I think is kind of a lie. Well they all become people Right. With money. Right. If you're growing weed Right, you you become a multimillionaire. Yeah. Who's carrying a side arm? Okay. And you're, you're gonna protect your money and then these people are trying to kill you to take your shit. So then you're like Right fucking Jason, whatever his name is in Ozark. Right. What's Jason Bateman? Jason Bateman. Right. And now you're drug dealer. That's so funny. And it, it's so funny, the weird like marijuana where it's like, it's federally still illegal but like states it's legal in certain states.


Yeah. And there's that gray area where there's just like, you know, half of that business is like in the shadows and half of it's, and people make lots of money. It's strange. Well Not only that because California made it legal. They also made it a misdemeanor to grow it illegally. Right. So what happens is these cartels started growing it on national forest land. And so then game wardens started finding it. There's a guy named John Norris who's been on the, there's podcast before he wrote a book called Hidden War. Yeah. And it was all about, he was a game warden and he became a part of a tactical crew that was busting cartel members were heavily armed growing marijuana in national forests. That's crazy. Fuck Yeah.


Because they, most of the illegal weed that's been sold all over the country was being grown there. So in the places where it is illegal, they grow it where it's legal and if they get busted, it's just a misdemeanor So it doesn't Matter. And they're not gonna deport anybody. 'cause California's a sanctuary state. Right. So it doesn't matter how many Exactly. Acres and acres of weed. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. And so because it's federally illegal, it's just like when there was the prohibition that propped up organized crime, same thing. You've just propped up illegal businesses to sell something that has a demand that normal. Do you think weed's gonna be federally legal? If I had to guess not during this administration. Yeah. No, I don't think. I think, no. And it feels like a lot of the, you know, like the experimental harm reduction policies in places like Portland to go in the other way.


Well they went a little crazy in a place that was already crazy. Yeah. They had a woman driving around, shooting people up called the stabbing wagon. And she was like, if somebody needed, if somebody needed a fix, she'd like pull up and give them clean needles and stuff. And Is it really called the Stabbing wagon? It was called the stabbing wagon. And real. Yeah. Because you're stabbing. And if you're just tweet fucking Portland. No, this is like a way to help. Oh, Portland. This was a way to help people. Oh, Portland beautiful. And people would just be chilling and like, Hey, I need a couple clean needles. So this woman would just show up. There'd be like a bunch of junkies hanging out. She'd show up, she'd hop out of the stabbing wagon with a bunch of clean needles, hand them out. People are like, fuck yeah. Good to see you. Oh my God. And she's like, fuck yeah. I hope you're all doing good. And they're like, well you know how it is.


Oh my God. And the problem was that didn't work. Not only did it not work didn't work, it encouraged people to move there to Shoot up. Yeah. Yeah. Actually that's true. Yeah. So people started moving there because they're like, this is actually a pretty good deal. They don't care if you live on the street and there's this bitch in a van that shows up with clean needles And they give you money. Yeah. And and whatever you need, they give you Free money and food. Yeah. Yeah. Here it is. The stabbing wagon. Stabbing wagon, harm reduction. No, I mean it's real. She only Has 4,000 followers. That's fucked. Hit that follow Jamie. Hit a little follow on her. There you go. Look at the stab. There's a stabbing wagon. Well, At least she's healthy. I don't need my algorithm Like this. It's a stabbing wagon.


Okay. Makes sense. At the end of the day, it's like Jesus Christ. That seems like a good way to combat drug use is to have a van of drugs. That van got a $1.5 million grant. Did you see that? Yeah. Did you see that in the previous article? Of course. $1.5 million Grant. Well, because, because you're trying to help people Get high. They're trying to help people get high in a safe way, bro. Where she parked that van? That's what I need to Know. I mean, it's a good question. She probably lived in the burbs and then came in and then did what she needed to do. She doesn't look Like a burbs Lady. Well that's a good point. Well the, you know, those weird, the north, those, those, those specific northwest suburbs, a lot of them aren't My burs the one that I like. They're very, very odd. Yeah. Those people are, They're It's different.


They're like people that live outside of Chernobyl. Yeah. They're forever changed. It's, It's, it's different. There's not a lot of sun up there. Something's going on Bad DNA damage. So what was funny is like, there's a big article where they were like, yeah, this is actually like pe What's crazy is like you read about those cities, right? Like Portland and San Francisco, they'll do the craziest thing ever and then like two years later they'll start going like, yeah, this just is not having the results that we thought it would have. Like, this is drug use is up, crime is up, violence is up. So Santa Monica now is doing a curfew because there's been violent crimes at night. No way. They're thinking about doing a curfew in Santa Monica. So again, because Santa Monica. Yeah. Santa Monica's thinking about doing a curfew because there's like violent crimes.


So instead of just going like, Hey, we gotta throw these people in jail. Like it's not o'clock, go home. This is California. This is the, the biggest economy in our country. And you're thinking of having occurred. 'cause they're all out of ideas on how to like stop people from like being victims of violent crime. Bro, I got friends who can't sell their houses there. No, it's bad. I'm glad I got, I sold my house when it did. Nobody Wants to buy houses there Anymore. Nobody wants to buy houses there. They're like, we're getting out. Everybody who's not out is at least thinking about getting out. Uber rich people are, a lot of them are just keeping their houses 'cause they can't get the money they want.


So like, people that are like in Bel Air, those crazy things. Right? Right. Beverly Hills, Bel Air, these behemoths, they're just kind of like, just Leave it. You gotta hope that like there's some crazy celebrity rapper guy, like Kendrick Lamar decides to buy a mansion. Well You Also, You know what I mean? Like, if you're selling a $70 million house, you have like five people that'll buy it. You Also gotta hope that they, they elect Rick Caruso and he goes around California in a tank with a bunch of guys in Bazookas. And it's like the craziest thing you've ever seen. That's all you can hope for. You need like a Rudy Giuliani type character.


Yeah. I mean you need, you need Sergeant Slaughter from the old WWF I mean, You need a fully fascist, you need a guy to run as a fascist when they go, are you a Republican? He goes, no, no, no, no, no. I am a fascist. This is a military dictatorship. You need four years of a military dictatorship in California to just turn it around. Yeah. To just start steering it the other way. Well, It's moving red. That's one thing that you saw through by the electoral map. Yeah. From 2024. California is moving Red. Yeah, it's going red. Yeah. Slowly. There's so, there's so many times You can wake up in a $4 million house with a gun in your mouth before you start thinking differently about it.


You know? Did You see they were trying to pass laws where they're, they're deciding how much violence is enough violence if someone breaks into your house like you shoot 'em too many times. Right. You know. No, it's in the middle of being terrified. Absolutely. They will always take the side of the people that are trying to destroy civilization. Always. Do you think, do you think always that when you don your tinfoil hat and and Velcro, the chinstrap, do you think that this is a grand plan to destroy civilization? I think what you have, I don't know if it's a grand plan, but I think what you have is you have two things that are happening simultaneously. You have the, the people, the very, the last people that seem to want to be in politics are people that believe in like nothing.


They're like empty suit Gavin Newsom types who just really don't seem, they just whatever room they're in. Wait A minute. Have you seen his podcast? Yeah. Well that proves my point. That proves my point now. Right. He's a believer. So now he's like, oh, things are going right. I'll go to the right. Things are going to the left, I'll go to the left. So you have like these people that just don't, they will not like Sanders or Trump, whatever you think about them. They're not gonna like quote stand on business. They're not gonna tell people, here's where I'm at. This is the way I feel. They're just empty vessels. And then at the same time you have that happening, you have the craziest people in the world that somehow have gotten hold of a ton of money and a ton of influence on social media.


And those empty suit politicians are like scared of these lunatics that believe the craziest things you've ever heard. So these politicians are just like taking edicts from these crazy people online. Mm. Who tell them that we need the stab and wagon and we need all this stuff. Yeah. I don't, I don't know how that happened. That somebody should, should look at that, how that happened and, and study it. And I think it's a lot of these politicians are deeply corrupt and I think they're terribly afraid of whatever corruption they're involved with coming to the surface. And it could be personal in their personal life. It could be with the state.


I think, you know, the mismanagement of money, of resources, all of that stuff. So if I was a really corrupt politician, I would just do the craziest left wing shit so that I could never be accused of anything. Mm. Good Move. And I would just let them do whatever the hell they want. I go, yeah, well fucking whatever. What we got a new law that says you gotta, you gotta, you gotta, they gotta draw blood in your house from you before you can defend yourself. We need a rapper. Yeah. Rappers are the last people in this country that can kind of get away with almost anything. Well, Rappers are honest. A lot of them, even though they might lie about how much money they have and stuff they do, there's a certain honesty to that genre of music. Clearly You can go too far, like P Diddy, you can go too far.


But did he, but he wasn't super honest. He seemed to be concealing a bit. He He seemed to be. Yeah. Do you think he was working for somebody or working with somebody? Or do you think it was all his own personal black Power? If the CI was like, we can't really, we don't really know anything about like these, these, this world of like, you know, we, that's not what we do. We're like a bunch of Harvard guys and we have these fucking weirdos that Right. We, we know about how to get in with like our people, but we need someone who was like a black guy to do it. It could have been Pete Diddy, But didn't all the accusations come out after he was involved in a lawsuit with Ciroc? Like he was Trying? That's what people said. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's where it gets interesting, right? Yeah. I mean it's gonna be, you Gotta be very careful when you start fucking around with people's billions.


Big powerful billionaires are probably, they're their own governments. Yeah. So I mean, when you run afoul of them, I think there's many ways at which they can get you. Also, they feel like they pay so much money for taxes. I think That's, they are the government. A lot of these intelligence agencies are working for those people. They're not, I think on their own. There are, there's big money to be made and there's a lot the people that own these companies and have been rich for a very long time and who aren't, you know, on reality tv and you don't really know who they are. But they, like some of them are on the Forbes list.


Some of them aren't. Some of them are just incredibly wealthy and they've made their money in ways that you, you can barely understand. And those are people that you know are the reason historically that the CIA is going into Latin America and overthrowing government so that United fruit can, you know it's true. Have a monopoly. Have a monopoly. Right. It's like this is, so they're doing things at the behest of these ultra wealthy families that control huge industries. Sure. And they always have, I mean that's back to Smedley, but Butler's That's right. War a racket. Thousand percent. Yeah. And that was 1933. He wrote that or something. And That's the way the whole thing seems to be organized.


Yeah. And always has been. We're just learning it now. You know, that's all the difference. But It is falling apart now because some of their kids are doing standup comedy. You know, literally, I mean there are peep they're young in New York and they're just like, their parents are some of the wealthiest people in the world. And these kids are like doing standup, which is terrible sign for the empire. That's not a great sign for the empire. Is that like a guy that would've taken over his dad's business is like doing dick jokes? Well, he probably has a trust fund. Yeah. So he probably has a, a safety blanket and sees we're having fun. It's like, I wanna have fun for, I wanna be like my dad. Yeah. Have a fucking heart attack when I'm 49. That's Right. But we need them doing that.


Some of them having Heart attacks. Yes. Everyone can't be a clown like we did. Right. There is something deeply unhealthy about the Illuminati doing standup. Mm. I don't love that idea. How Well, unless they're using chat GPT, how good could their material be? It's not ideal. It can't be. It's a lot of Crowd Work. And even if they do use check, there's Wrong that with Gbt. But Chad g Bt has not shown any ability to really craft a good joke yet. It's Just funny to meet some of these people and then you talk to them and they'll just do like casually drop that. They're like, you know, their parents like billionaires and you're like, that's awesome man. And they're doing bar shows. It's kind of interesting and they're nice people.


But just to pull out and look at it from a sociological standpoint. Mm. It says something about people's idea of the future that these people just like want to be famous now. And it just, How many of 'em are there? There's some more than you'd think. Really? It's a New York thing. It's, Yeah. It's a lot of rich people live there and, and I'm I'm talking about mega rich. Like not Right. Not like, Hey, my dad's a successful whatever. I'm talking about like, whoa, Billions Big money. Yeah. Where you go. Interesting. And then the kids don't have any pressure to do anything. Don't the kids Kind of float around and they're, they're doing sta it's just very funny. It's something that makes me laugh. Just like a billionaire kid on stage looking at someone in the audience going, what do you do for a living?


That's a gig. A of crowd work, huh? Yeah. What do you do for a living? Maybe this is the first time they've met people that aren't billionaires. Well, that could also be a thing. This might be a way to just socialize Illuminati kids. They've met their housekeepers before. Maybe they ask them like, what should I talk about on stage? Well, Yeah, I mean, they have, and what's funny is like they have parties in their big houses and bring their other comic friends who are bums. Mm. You know, young comics. I mean, we're all bums. So then like the parents are like, hello. And they bring in like a bum and they go, this is my buddy. And then, you know, he's Stealing from the buffet. He's just like staring at them going, whoa, this place rocks.


It's like a sitcom. Yeah. And they're like, these are my friends. And I think the parents are kinda like, oh, well, isn't that nice? Mm. Yeah. So Maybe it's a face. I think the parents look at it like they're going through a phase That's interesting that there's, it's very interesting. There's more than one of them doing a Standup. There's, it's a, it says something about that group of people that used to run everything. They have a dearth of purpose in their life. Wow. They're kind of aimless and they float around. I don't mean specifically, you know, rich comedian kids. I just mean like that ruling class. What are they doing now? They don't really have a purpose. They kind of float around. They try to this new age, spirituality bullshit. They travel all over the place.


You look at any of these rich kids', Instagrams, all they're doing is traveling. It's all the same shit. Right. With Anguilla. Right. Go here, go there. There's no purpose. You know, I I I think they don't feel like America's has a defining mission. Like if you look at families like the Kennedys, the Bushes, whatever you think about those families, they served in the military, they believed that there was some type of arc of history that they were a part of. I feel like a lot of rich people now just kind of don't believe in much of anything. And it's just kind of like, I don't know, board they start a fake company. Well, if Your whole focus is just making more money Yeah. How much time can you spend believing in things?


Right. That's, that's gonna take away from your ability to earn. Yeah. I think that's one of the big problems now. And that's why I think you saw like a lot of, like, people get crazy on the left and, and they started instituting like all these like weird virtue, you know, these purity tests and stuff like that. Because I think they, they feel a lack of meaning and they wanted to give them their, a lot of them want it to be self-flagellation and like Yeah. They wanted the, the tenets of religion. They wanted meaning and they just don't have that. Exactly. So I think that's what happens Exactly with a lot of them. And I and their kids are nice people. They're not bad people. It's just funny to see, like, 'cause most people who do comedy, a lot of 'em aren't poor. A lot of 'em are like middle class people because they have like the ability Right. To go and at least think it's an option.


Right. But it is funny when someone goes, I'm a I'm doing comedy and I'm from, I'm the scion of great wealth. Scion is a great word. It's an interesting thing to me just 'cause I've always been fascinated with rich people and like these people that run the world. And it's so interesting that some of their kids are like, I wanna, I'm, I'm gonna do standup comedy. Now, When was the first time you met a really rich person? How old were you? I met a couple of like, mafia people that my dad used to play music. So they owned some bars, but they weren't super rich. I would observe them because my uncle was the director of operations for all these restaurant groups in New York. This restaurant group in New York City that had these, these big high-end steakhouses. And I would go and one of them was on 63rd and park.


And I would sit in this steakhouse with my parents. I was probably eight or nine years old. And you'd look around and I said to my dad once, I was like, maybe 10 or 11, and this is a weird thing to say to a 10 or 11-year-old. I was like, who are these people? And my dad goes, these people around the world. I was just very fascinated by all these like, people that were so different. 'cause in Long Island where I came from and everyone was loud and, and, And you know, fighting all the time. And you know, my, my best friend Josh, who lived two houses down from me, his mother Eileen would scream at his father in the, in the front yard. And he was like a conductor for the railroad. And she would just go, why didn't you? And then you would go to Manhattan and a lot of these restaurants that my uncle had, you'd see these kind of quiet people and they were all very well dressed and they were in suits.


And you know, in, in Manhattan they live in these stone townhouses like, you know, Epstein did. Yeah. They live in these little mini stone townhouses. And I was just fascinated. I was like, it's very interesting. These, these people are interesting. What are they up to? Type of thing. Right. And then you start, start reading about them and, And you know, it, it, it is just super interesting because they're a very big reason why society looks the way it does. 100%. You know? And, and, and that to me is an interesting thing. It's like, why are certain people in certain positions, what role do the politicians play? And what role do these really quiet, rich people play? Yeah. That are kind of waspy. And it could be Jewish, could be anything. They're just kind of like, you know, they're quiet.


They don't really want you to know too much about them. They really value their privacy. So it's funny with the kids doing standup comedy to me and even these rich people that go on these reality shows, it's interesting that it used to be sacrilegious. The idea that you would show people that how much money you had or that you would talk about yourself. And a lot of that started to change where like, a lot of these rich people just wanna be famous. Almost feels like it's the last thing left. Well tension most young kids.


This episode is brought to you by Visit Myrtle Beach. If you're dreaming of a beachy summer escape, then head to the beach in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You'll find 60 miles of stunning coastline, hundreds of attractions to explore. And the south's newest foodie hotspot. It's where you play hard and beach easy. You belong at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Start planning your summer adventure@visitmyrtlebeach.com.


This episode is brought to you by Farmer's Dog. It doesn't matter how old your dog is, it's always a great time to start investing in their health and happiness. And thankfully, the farmer's dog makes it easier than ever to feed your dog a healthy diet of real meat and veggies. Dogs prefer their food. Even picky. Dogs and owners prefer their service. If you have a question about your dog, your plan, your delivery, or anything else, they have 24 7 customer service that connects you to real humans who are genuinely interested in providing the best experience possible for you and your dog. They give you detailed instructions on how to transition your dog to fresh food and even proportionate for your dog's specific needs. Feeding your dog healthy. Human grade food shouldn't be complicated. And with the farmer's dog it isn't. The entire experience from box to bowl is a breeze. So try the farmer's dog today and give healthy, freshly made food a try. You can get 50% off your first box of food plus free shipping. Just go to The Farmer dog.com/rogan, tap the banner or visit this episode's page to learn more. Offer available for new customers. Only


today when they ask them, what do you want to be? A giant percentage of 'em say famous. Right. They want to be an influencer. They want to be a talker, a YouTuber. Right? They want, they wanna be famous because why would you want a job like your parents have when you could just open sneakers? Yeah. And open. So I'm gonna do an unboxing show. That's a good point. Yeah. Like why would you want a regular job? Yeah. Regular jobs are soul sucking. Especially you work, look, it's one thing if you have a career. Sure. One thing, you start your own business. It's something exciting. There's another thing to be working for somebody. Working for somebody's horrible. For the most Part it is. But I think people can derive enjoyment from things outside of their jobs. Sure. But that G leaves you one third of your day that's been eaten up.


Yes. You have one 30 of your day for sleep. One 30 of your day that's been eaten up by this bullshit job. Yeah. And then the remaining hours between commutes Right. And whatever the fuck you eat. Yeah. All has to be wrapped up in It. Is it is. I, I get it. I totally get it. If you're a young kid, you go on YouTube, you go, I wanna be David Dore. I don't want to be, who's that? David Dore. He's like a big guy on YouTube. Oh, okay. He does. I know Mr. Beast. He's like a Mr. Beast type. He's not as big. Mr. Beast is like a planet. Yeah. But do Dores big, you know, or, or whoever. Like, they look at these young and these, they entertain like younger people. He does fun videos about like, Hey, I, whatever. I don't know that, you know, it's always the same. It's like, what if I filled a pool with m and ms, whatever, you know, it's like that type of thing, you know?


Right. It's not like the Ukraine deep dive or whatever. It's a, it's a fun, like, goofy thing. And kids look at that and go, well that guy's making a lot of money. He has a great car. He's got a hot girlfriend. He lives in a big mansion. I wanna be that guy. Of course. But I think they missed the idea that that guy works really, really hard. Right. Like, that's the thing that I think people don't understand about these social media people. They do have a crazy constitution in terms of like how much they post, how hard they work. Now you might say, okay, the stuff they do is ridiculous or silly or not valuable. And I might agree on, on a lot of those things, but they are always putting it out.


Yeah. They're showing up. They're always showing up. Yeah. If you wanna compete in any market, anything, no matter what you do, there's a certain amount of work you have to put in the idea that it's easy. Like, there's gotta be some reason why most of them don't rise to the top. Right. What Is it? How, how do you feel about, can you teach people to work hard? I'm sure you can. What do, what do you think? 'cause I've, I've seen so many people that are super talented, but they, for whatever reason, they're not that muscle that of working hard. Yeah. Or, or the dedication to it. I think generally it has to be established early. Yeah. In your life. And if you, you don't establish that early in your life, it's not a thing that you gravitate towards.


It's not Right. You don't recognize that. Oh, hard work. Eagles results. You know, if you get lucky, you do sports. 'cause sports make you physically uncomfortable. They test your will. You know, if you're a marathon runner and you gotta get up every day and do those fucking miles, like that will test your will. You know, if you're doing track and field or football or anything you're doing where it's a lot of work. Like, and then you realize I've gotten better because of all this work. And I, if I work harder, maybe I could be the starting quarterback. Yeah. If I work harder, maybe. And that's, that's a real factor for young kids. I think getting 'em into any sort of difficult physical endeavor, whatever it is, competitive physical endeavors make you Understand stand.


That's why I thought that that show Dance Moms was good. That fat woman who screamed at those kids and demanded greatness and would make them cry. I thought that was good. You never saw Dance Moms a great show. This woman, Abby Lee Miller, she screamed at these young kids. Oh God. And one of them became Jojo Siwa. So it's not like there was any damage done. And you know, I think it's good. I, I like to see greatness demanded of children. This Lady, what are, look at her hair. Watch This woman me here. Push The envelope. You will jump higher. You will turn faster. That's right. But you will also act. You will sing. You're not just preparing for a dance competition every weekend. We're preparing for you to become stars in Los Angeles.


Look At that. How does that bitch know how to be a star in Los Angeles? Look at her. She can't get a seat at Roscoe's, By the way. I guarantee you she can get a seat at Roscoe's. Really? That's the one place she can get, if you saw her, you wouldn't sit her on Roscoes. The first thing I would kick someone out for her in Roscoe. But Yeah. But, but yeah. It is interesting that a lot of these kids now, they just look at, you know, the followers and Sure. How do you feel about, you're a parent. Do you, do you, do you, when the Jonathan Het book comes out and he goes, we should get rid of phones for kids. Yeah. Until they're 16. Does that make sense? Or not really? No. You, because then you alienate your kids. Look, it's a new world that they have to learn how to navigate.


And if they don't learn how to navigate until they're 18, they're at a huge disadvantage. They, they gotta understand that it's just people talking. But there's a lot of pressure. Like for young girls, it's the worst time. Yeah. Because they're comparing themselves to all these other girls. You're seeing a rise in eating disorders, self harm, suicides, suicidal ideation. And it's a lot of it is like they get depressed comparing their life to other people. Right. And when you're young and you don't understand, you're 13, you don't get how your mind works. And you're just sad every time you open up your Instagram app and you don't look anything like these ladies who don't look anything like that either. Right. Which is really crazy. Right. You know, And your head is filled with all of this. Yeah.


Unhealthy thoughts. I kind of got off social media for the most part real recently, over the last few days. I'm barely on it. Right. And I feel better. Right. Like I feel way more normal. Right. Way more like not constantly like checking to see what's going on, what's going on, what's going on, what's going on. Yeah. What's happening in the world. Right. Instead, just like I'll find the bad things, they'll come to me. For sure. You'll get it. You'll, they'll Figure it out. So I check in the morning, like, oh, make sure there's no war going on. And then I go about my day. Right. The whole day. And then maybe I check again in the afternoon real quick. Not, I'm not spending like massive amounts of time anymore. No. And because of that, I feel better. And I'm like, okay. People That give up their phones always talk about that.


How they hear birds and all this bullshit, You know? Yeah. Well you feel better. You feel like there's not this low hum of wondering what's going on in the world all the time. And Right. Wondering who's saying this and why are they doing that? And how's the, what's the new thing? What's this? What's that? It is good to detach. It is interesting. Imagine if you just didn't even engage, like didn't really look, weren't in it at all. Probably better. Better for you Man. Way better for you. So you think it would be miserable to just be happy somewhere? Woody Harrelson doesn't even have a phone. Really? Doesn't have a phone. Doesn't have an email. No. No. When he showed up at the club, he just sort of showed up and they said, Woody Harrelson's here. Like, okay, let him in. Wanted to come and hang out. Knew I was there.


He just, wow. Find you and hang out with you. Yeah. He's like, he's smart. And he doesn't Bill Murray's the same way. Doesn't connect to any, he said I had to get a phone 'cause my kids text. So I text my kids and that's it. Smart. Yeah. That's so smart. You Don't want to be connected. You don't wanna be connect. You gotta, you gotta Have to be, if you were a young comic, you have To be connected because you have to build followers to get booked now. Because these clubs are like, we gotta book people with followers. You're not necessarily looking at who's working harder, who's good. And I feel for a lot of younger people, because they have to. Yeah. You know, they have to have a social media presence early on. Maybe even before they figured out what they wanna say.


Maybe, you know, before they figured out how to say it the right way. For sure. They have to have this social media presence. And I think people become, and it's a dopamine hit Right. To do things. I get it. Like you get followers, you get rewarded. It's a whole system. But it also could take over your life. It 100% could take over your life. And you and I well me more so than you grew up without it. And then it came on later in life. Like what, how old were you when you first got online? Dude, I had A Blackberry. I was, I was working in my early twenties with a Blackberry. And that's very different than an iPhone. Sure. That's emails. It's emails. So we were getting emails from our like business from our, like our manager at work and well, you fucking losers do something like things like that. Right. Like, 'cause we couldn't sell any s but I Remember seeing people with blackberries in the early days of Yeah.


Tech going, man, that seems really addictive. Yeah. Because you could take a shitty photo and send it to, someone could email a photo, you would take a, and the photos were like terrible quality. Yeah. But just the idea of like, at your job, just sending someone an email photo was like hilarious. Like being out somewhere and taking a photo and emailing it to somebody going, fuck you. I'm not at work. That was Like fun. The thing, the thing was though, that they couldn't escape the emails. Right. The emails, they were constantly checking. And I was like, oh, well this is like super addictive. Like these guys that I work with on Fear Fact, they were always on their Blackberries. There was a New York City realtor. This lady Dolly Lens was like the top realtor in New York City. She famously, she did a Blackberry commercial. She famously had like eight blackberries because she would just get all these contracts and stuff and she would like hand 'em out to her assistants and stuff.


And they would respond to over, she would get over 700 emails a day at the height. Oh my God. Of her thing. She was selling all this real estate. So black. That was the first time I didn't have a smartphone in junior high or high school. Ah, That's Nice. I had like a flip phone. People had razor phones. I didn't even have that at like a sprint, LG or some bullshit. And then I got blackberries. And I think my first iPhone is like in my twenties, like mid twenties. Yeah. That's good. It wasn't, I wasn't like connected like that. Yeah. These kids are connected from the time they're six years old. And I mean, my godson, he is like four years old and he has an iPad. They just give him an iPad. Yeah. They just sit in front of the pad. If they go to a restaurant, they set it up in front of the kids so the kid doesn't Have to engage.


They set it up and he just sits there and he does, I don't know what he's watching. Gaza, maybe. I don't know what he's doing. No one knows either. They just, I don't know what he's found. You know, that's the other thing you hope, like best case he's playing some game, but, Well, for boys they immediately start jerking off. Interesting. The moment they could find porn sites. Right. They tell their friends. Well that's the other thing. Like, I feel like that's also damaged people's No doubt. Like That damaged people's ability to Like, no doubt. Go Out and meet a woman. A hundred percent. Yeah. And that's why they're not meeting women. Yeah. Like the number of incel off the charts. The number of men that don't have sex at all is some crazy, it's like 50%. And the porn is not even regular porn anymore. A lot of it's like hyper violent, sadistic crazy porn.


Really? That's what they say. Tell Me what you're searching for. What Do you, people whose heads are getting going through glass tables? No, but that's what, like, when you have these articles that are written about this, they say, it's not only that they're watching porn, it's the type of porn. It's not like regular porn. Oh God. It's like crazy shit. And it warps their fucking brain. I heard, I heard the dumbest argument on Twitter the other day. Someone was saying that they should create CGI child porn to protect real children from child porn. You should probably search that person's search history. I was like, this is Not a good argument. It's an in That's an interesting argument. Yeah. You should have ai, child porn. Well, I think that argument is like, they've kind of shown That's the sex doll argument.


Right? De didn't they have like that argument for like they didn have. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I feel like it's part of the same type of, It's the same type of thinking. Yeah. I think generally that argument is created by people who aren't pedophiles. 'cause they're trying to figure out, well maybe this is a solution. Well, you, you're not Thinking like person. Yeah. And they're also like, I, I'll make some money with this kid. Sex do company. What a weird way to make a fortune. What an odd way to make a fortune. I made a little bit of money. What'd you do? Eh, don't, don't Worry. I read the perfect 11-year-old boy butt hole. Don't worry about it. What'd you do? Well, kid. Sex dogs. Anyway. Have you been to the Four Seasons? And, and Cancun. Jesus Christ. It's crazy. Yeah. True. Well, we're getting to a point where the world is really scary, but also equally unbelievable and absurd.


So you have the, it's it's funny, but it's also insane. And I think people are like, we don't know what's real anymore. These AI videos come out and you don't know what's exact, what's real and what's not. The deep fakes are getting better. Right. That seems to be one of the biggest problems that no one talks about is like reality seems to be splintering. 100%. Yeah. Yeah. Reality splintering. And then AI is about to take over our lives and we're openly cheering it. Right. And the world will never be the same again once it does. And we're, we're welcoming it. Ironic Us ironically, think comedians seem to be somewhat in the, in the, the safer group of people. In what way? Oh, as far as our jobs be Taken away in the sense that like, perspective seems like maybe one of the harder things for AI to grasp This.


Well, it's also moment live performance, right. Is the last human stand. Right. You know, where you could go and see something, you know, you go see a guy actually play a guitar. Yeah. You know, that's, that's so much different. And that, that's a real human experience. Live sporting events, you know, like real things. Things that are real. You know, that's, that's gonna be, that's gonna be the hardest to be replaced by ai. Yeah. Because, you know, you can replace us on podcasts. You essentially could take my perspectives that I've shared over the past 2000 plus episodes and run it through a large language model and use AI and have me have a podcast with basically anybody.


It's such a crazy library you have. It's like, I wonder what what what you do with it. Mm. That's a good question. Sell China. It. China. It's an interesting, it's a great question. China wants buy it. Sell it to China. What if after Spotify you go to China? Yeah. That's a great idea. You know, we chat. It would be actually a great idea if you just sit down and go, nothing's changing about the podcast. It's still gonna be free. It's Just gonna be in Mandarin. It's owned by the Chinese government. But it's the same podcast. It's always been same show. Don't worry about it. It's the same show. It's always been. Hey, You guys know me, I won't change. Yeah. Your first guest is Jack Ma, Tell me what happened with Alibaba. Yeah, I mean, it's crazy. It's a place I'd like to go. I've never been to China. I'd like to go. Obvious Cuts. Yeah, I would do It that way.


Oh my God. Obvious cuts. It would be The middle of someone talking. It's just an ad. Just cuts. Just an ad, which is cut you go. It's the same podcast. It's always been, it's now 37 minutes because China's taken out all the stuff. They're allowed Beginning. The beginning of it is China. I'd love to go to China just to access websites and go, what can you really see? Right. That would be super fascinating to be in China going like, what are you allowed, what is blocked? Do they use VPNs in China successfully? I mean, is that possible? Probably right. They'd have to maybe not. I don't know. I don't know. North Korea seems to block everything. Like certain countries can do a lot. Yeah. They have their own internet. Right. Like you can only get on their Internet. Yeah. I'm unsure, But that seems to make sense. That's according to people that have been there.


Yeah. Yeah. They have their own internet. Like does, can you use a VPN in China to access the internet of the world? Let's search that. Yeah, that'd be interesting. I Need to know Because so many people I believe are very limited with what they can access there. Many, many, many people in the world are very limited. Well, look at the uk, they're just arresting people for Facebook posts that they're Going, that's one of the crazier things in modern life is that people are getting arrested over social media And not really bad stuff. It's saying things that someone finds. Objection. You got these immigrants. Yeah. That kind of stuff. Yes. Some VPNs work in China, but their effectiveness varies due to the country's strict internet censorship known as the great firewall.


Chinese government actively blocked many VP n services and only a few reliable ones consistently bypass restrictions. VPNs like Express, VPN Nord, VPN Surf Shark are often cited as effective, but they require specific configuration. Eeg obfuscated servers or protocols like open VPN to evade detection performance can be inconsistent with slowdowns or temporary blocks being heightened censorship during heightened censorship periods such as political events. China occasionally cracks down A VPN uses targeting both the providers and individual users. Though enforcement against foreigners is typically lenient focusing on warnings rather than severe penalties using A VPN as technically illegal, illegal for accessing block content.


But millions, including expats and locals use them daily. Boy, that's a risky move. I think they're banning this stuff in the UK because I don't think they want people to, to persist in this, in this idea that, you know, that they have any ability to challenge this prevailing narrative that any critique of immigration is an inherently racist Right. Thing. And I think the people that are sponsoring this kinda an odious thing, and it's because what they're doing is they're, they're basically commiserating these people.


They're making the quality of their life much worse. They're losing ground. And if they speak up about it, they're called, you know, huge, horrible names. And then arrested. And arrested. Yeah. So it, it's crazy. And they don't understand why it's happening. They're they're not completely, they're very confused about why, you know, a lot of these countries didn't take any Syrian refugees. Right. But Europe did. Right. And and Scandinavia did. The Netherlands did. Yeah. And they're confused about that. And they're asking questions and going, why is that the case? Yeah.


And they're confused about why when any disruption happens. And it's clearly the result of bringing in large numbers of people who are not familiar with the laws of the country, the culture of the country. When anything happens and they bring it up, they're again called a racist or you know, an extremist or arrested or they're arrested. So it's, and and then who's doing it? Right. So you have the people like the, the people clearly that are in the government and these incredibly wealthy business interests that want people to work for a lot less money and they wanna destroy people's social bonds because I think they really do want people to eventually just accept this kind of totalitarian surveillance state.


Yeah. Just give up. And the way to get them there is by breaking the spirit of these countries, by destroying any social bonds that people have and destroying any economic power and destroying their belief in the democratic process. And if they can do that and they can break people, they can get them to do anything they want. Do you Think they're doing this in preparation for ai? I think they're doing it in preparation for not only technological advancements. I think they're doing it in preparation for world Wars. I think they are doing it in preparation for a lot of things. I think they'll conscript a lot of these people into the military. I believe that, I believe they'll conscript a lot of these people into the military.


I think they're looking at populations. I think they're looking at people not having enough children. I think they're saying, who's gonna fight these wars? Who's gonna do these really shitty jobs? And we're gonna go build houses in, in, in bunkers and all of this stuff. We're gonna fly private and we're gonna have our kids go to completely separate schools and we're gonna have our own water aqui fires and have a compound. But why do you need all these low wage people in your country that are illegal and don't have any power as anyone asked that question. Right. Seems very obvious. Yeah. They're gonna conscript a lot of them into the military and a lot of them are gonna do shitty, horrible jobs and they're gonna use them as cannon fodder in wars that enrich lots of people.


That would be my guess. Oh, Jesus Christ. Yeah. I might be wrong, but, And if AI does become the governing factor of the world, which it probably will, it doesn't really make sense. You let humans with all the corruption and emotions govern things when you can let Super intelligence Yeah. But that who's making that intelligence Exactly. That becomes the problem. Exactly. But once you've already gotten people locked into compliance Yeah. And you've already got people where they're terrified to protest against anything, immigration, whatever, it's, then you could, you can get a little away with a lot more.


There, there was a decision made because the, the, the, the populous Democrats during the nineties, which was like Bill Clinton, you know, critical of immigration. Barack Obama, critical of immigration, deported a lot of people. Hillary Clinton. Hillary Clinton. What started to happen though, is there was a decision made that the world was going to kind of be a borderless place where countries were interchangeable and that nation states mattered a lot less than the financial architecture of global capital and where it could Go. And you need a World government and you need a government that is a world government, or the closest new world Order, The closest thing you can get to it, which is having an eu.


Right. Right. And then having a a a a, a government between the UK and the US that's pretty on the same page about everything. And then you have Israel in the Middle East, and then you have, you know, all of these, you know, disparate areas that we, we kind of control through economic means or military means and stuff like that. And then you have outliers. You have China, Iran, Russia, pe, you know, whatever. People that haven't gotten the memo for whatever reason. I don't wanna live in any of those places. That's the argument. They'll go, well, do you wanna live in a shut up? That's what, are we idiots? I don't wanna live in any of those places. But they're not on, they didn't get the memo. So, and then in all of these countries, by the way, in Europe, in America, not so much Israel, they don't love the immigration.


As we can see, they're kind of big on the borders. Israel, they like the borders. But in America and Europe and Scandinavian and all these countries, the populations were just told to accept massively high levels of immigration over a very short period of time. That's odd. That doesn't make any sense. And if you point that out, you're called a racist and extremist. And that's a very strange thing. What are you doing with all these people? You can't, the Biden administration brought, brought in 10 million people over four years. What are they here for? There's not enough jobs for the people that are here. We have vast chasms of wealth inequality. We have AI coming, we have automation coming.


Why would you bring in all of these people? What are you trying to do? What do you think they're Trying to do? I think they, exactly what I said. I think they need bodies. I think they need cannon fodder. I think they need to break the idea of any social bonds that exist between people, you know, listen. And they need A little chaos. They need a little chaos. I think you, you bring pass more laws. Yeah. You crime you bring in people. More surveillance, more dependence on the government. Yeah. You get people outta the idea. You know, they got people outta the idea years ago that you could barely, you can't really, it's very hard to have your own business now. They've pretty much extinguished that in people's heads. Even though there are people that still do it now. I think they're gonna start to extinguish the idea that You can have a home.


Right. You can own property. Right. That You can drive a car. Right. That you can do all of these things. That you're gonna extinguish that idea. And they're gonna do that because why, why not control everybody? It'd be all Waymo's. Yeah. That's the, that's the thing. Why not control everybody? Yeah. Why would you let everybody just go run rampant and fuck up your business? Yeah. So they're, they're basically like, we gotta pacify these people. The conflicts seem inevitable and we're gonna have to fight these wars. The good news is a lot of the people who are doing this, their children are now doing standup comedy.


So if they're, Are any of 'em any Good if they're, I think some of them, I'm sure. I'm Sure. Have you seen any of 'em that are any good? I haven't seen a ton. It's just, it's one of those things that you hear now more than ever when you're talking to a young comic and they go and I'm hanging out with this person. I go, yeah. And they go and their dad owns this. You go, really? Yeah. Just a curious thing. Obviously anyone in the world should be able to do comedy as much as they want. But it's funny to me as somebody who just looked at these configurations of power and wealth, it's kind of interesting that a lot of these kids are like doing that. It's just fun. Interesting. Have you ever met anybody came from a really wealthy background that was good at standup? No. No. I mean, not very. Yes. Yes. Yeah. There are some of them for Sure. You've met them.


I've not met them. They probably don't like me. They like unicorns. Yeah. They're, they're around and Yes, yes. Very wealthy. But I'm talking about like weird, kind of interesting levels of wealth and and power. That's interesting. Yeah. That's super interesting to me. Huge. But so the good news is if they can't get this done soon, their kids won't because their kids will be at fucking side splitters in Tampa. Or they'll be podcasting. Or they'll be podcasting. Yeah. Yeah. They'll all get together, become influencers. Isn't it funny how much they, they now lot, they now focus really on podcasters, but they ignore all the things, all the people that we're talking about the con they none of that. There's no, they don't report on any of those people. No. There's 10 million articles about The O Vaughn having Ken and Owens on our Show.


Right. But, but, but there's no articles about, like, again, the, the, the, the people that seem to be running and like owning all of our resources. Right. You'd think someone would write about the people that own a lot of the resources. Yeah. On the planet we live. Listen, that's complicated. Yeah. Did You see that crazy thing the government talked about yesterday? They had a press conference where they said that we can manipulate time and space. No. Did you See that Jamie? I didn't see that. It's Written really wor weird. Weird, right. Yeah. Real weird. That got that got lost in the shuffle. Yeah. The Manipulation of time and space. See if You can find it, Jamie. 'cause it's it's really kooky. It's really kooky.


Can you I I don't know what he was saying. Play it. I I play it so we could hear him say it. I don't think Anybody said it. It was written on a website. But didn't he say it in that speech? I don't know. I don't know what that Speech was even. No, no. It's the guy above you right there. I know. Press it. It's, this isn't gonna play That. You don't think so? No, It's gonna play an ad first. Okay. Let let the ad play out. I'm pretty sure He's secret. CIA files claim the arc of the covenant has been found. What? There's a lot going on that next. There's certainly a lot going on Sky. It's a big week. Regulatory regime in the 1970s became an ever tightening ratchet. First hampering America's ability to become a net energy exporter.


And then making it harder and harder to build. We seem to have lost focus and vision. Kill That ass To have lowered our sight and let systems and structures and bureaucracies muddle us along. But we are capable of so much more. Our technologies permit us to manipulate time and space. They lead distance annihilated cause things to grow and improve productivity. Okay. That's not what he's saying. You know what I think he's Saying? Does anyone, does that even make Sense? Manipulate time and space? I don't think that's what he's saying. No, I Think he's saying like he, that you're able to do things Instantaneously. Instantaneously. Yeah. Yeah. Instantly. Yeah. I don't think he, I think people are reading into that too much. Yeah. I don't think he's time machines.


No, but I Do You believe that time machines had ever at any point worked? No. Yeah. No. I do not. I do not think that anyone is currently in possession of a time machine. But I do think they're in possession of some sort of a gravity drive. Now, what is a gravity drive? I think during the 1940s they started working on this stuff during the 1950s. There was papers written about it that they were working on gravity propulsion systems. They were working on something that harnesses, what do they call it? Background energy. I forget what they, but the idea is, and I actually had a conversation with Hal put-off about this, who's a legitimate scientist who worked for NASA with the UFO program. And he believes that they're capable of developing some sort of a warp drive.


And there was something written about this, there's some breakthrough about warp drives recently. Right. We talked about this. I think they have something. I think they have something. I think that's what a lot of these people are seeing when they're seeing these transmedium crafts that are going through the air at high rates of speed going into the water, not losing any speed, coming outta the water, not making any splashes. I think it creates a, a, a gravity distortion around whatever these things are that allows it to move in a way that's very different than any other propulsion system that we are currently aware of. And I think the government has been probably secretly working on this stuff for decades. That's what I think I'm, I could 100% be wrong, But that's the DARPA angle of like having a really Yeah.


Really underground, you know, weapons system, futuristic technologies. Yeah. And space travel system. And space travel System. And you know, ideally they would be able to use this to mine asteroids. You know, you have something instantaneously port to an asteroid scoop up rare earth minerals and expensive things that they need on earth. Right. Shoot it back to earth. Right. Yeah. So it's interesting. So I I the people that work in that type of arena are just so many layers above top secret levels. Above top secret. Exactly. They barely exist. This guy was telling me that in 2015, they had landed something on an asteroid, extracted something from that asteroid and then have that thing leave the asteroid and return to earth and then pinpointed the location where it was going to crash land or land rather within one mile.


And that somehow or another, they figured this out a decade ago. And that we, we don't know about it, but they have, there's footage of this stuff and that they've been able to achieve this. And that there's what you hear and what you see on television and what they're actually capable of and because of national security interests, because, you know, fill in the blank misallocation of funds in order to acquire this technology. Which is 100% what they're all talking about. Right. We, Jamie and I that what does that documentary we saw, Oh shit, it's, yeah, it's not released yet. 'cause it was a South by Southwest Thing. Right. We saw South by Southwest this documentary that's all about that subject and it's all about how there's a lot of issues because these people have all misappropriated funds, so they've lied to Congress.


So the, and then on top of that, if you do have this sort of a program, And it is based on back engineering UFOs that have crashed though, who gets that? Well, it's probably a weapons manufacturing company. So if it's a weapons manufacturing company, which company gets access to that? And the other ones could probably sue you because why didn't, that's a huge competitive advantage to have fucking alien technology that you can back Do, do these things, not land in China. Age Of disclosure is the, the unprecedented revelatory documentary featuring 34 senior members of the US government, military, and intelligence community reveals that an 80-year-old coverup the existence of non-human intelligent life and a secret war amongst major nations to reverse engineer technology of non-human origin.


See, I don't even know if that part is true. Yeah. I don't know. Who is The most credible person that you've had on the show over the years? Who has talked the most convincingly? Was it Pop Lazar about? Bob Lazar is one of 'em. But he's, you know, technically speaking you could kind of discredit a lot of the stuff that he said. Jacques Vallee is probably the most reasonable. And he's the guy that they patterned that French scientist and close encounters of the third kind on. And he's a, He's been studying this from the six since the sixties. True believer. Yeah. He believes he thinks most of it's bullshit though. He thinks most of it is people misunderstanding what they're looking at. People seeing, you know, some sort of a test vehicle.


Does he Have any theory on where these crafts are coming from? Or is that just completely beyond the scope of what he They do theorize. Yeah, they theorize that these things are, have always been here and that they're probably interdimensional travelers. That it's not as simple as they're coming from another planet. Right. They might be coming from a whole nother reality. And then they might have shaped our reality that this might be a farm. I mean, this might be a giant ant farm. Really. This is, well that's, this might be also how intelligent life gets sort of seeded throughout the universe. And this would also explain why we're so different from every other animal on this planet. Right. We're so, so it's not like there's a competition.


We're we're Advanced, We're eons ahead, and yet we carry the same, we, we didn't evolve socially, the way we evolve technology tech technologically. We, we, we still have tribal notions and we're still territorial. We still act like animals. So if they know what, what always weirded me out or interested me is like the aliens. They're still, they're, they're, if you believe any of these things, they're testing us all the time. And, and, and and is that because they're curious? Is that because they're, they're they don't know. Well, they probably just gotta keep track, see what's going on with people. Yeah. I mean, you do that if you're collecting samples of bugs in other countries.


Right, right. You know, they go there and they, they do what what we would do. I mean, if you're, if you're from another planet and you want to visit humans, we talked about this yesterday, like if you could find a planet where cave people were, wouldn't you go? Yeah. Oh my God. They're, they're just starting to figure out how to make stoned spear tips. Of course people would go, It is interesting thinking about the planet as a farm. Yeah. Yeah. That's one of the things that Bob Lazar said. There was a big folder that he found when he was working Area 51, site four, where supposedly they're back engineering that thing. He said they had a large folder that was just on religion. And he said essentially they viewed us as containers, that human beings were containers.


And that religion and all these things were created in order to protect the container. And that the way to keep people from doing things that are ethical, unethical, and immoral and horrendous, is to try to instill as much religious ethical structure as possible and Try to minimize the damage. And a container. What are we carrying that's important. Is it DNA? Is it sell? Well you could say the soul, right? Okay. You could say container of souls, but if you wanted to be more cynical, you would say, well, what creates artificial life? A human's curiosity and innovation. The lust for innovation and, and also materialism. Because if you're keeping up with the Joneses, you want newer and better stuff all the time.


So that fuels economic growth. That fuels technological growth. Because you want the, the newest stuff like these TVs, they don't need to make a better TV than that. It looks great. You can watch Super Bowl. It looks crystal clear. Why are they making better TVs every year? 'cause we demand them. Right? I want the better one. Why? My computer has the same chip as last year. Fuck outta here. Right, right. I want the new one. Right. And everybody wants the new phone. The new phone. There's no reason to get a new phone anymore. No reason. They all do the same thing. I have A iPhone 11. One of my phones is an iPhone 11. I've purposely not switched it just to see what it's like to use a iPhone 11. See if I notice anything different. No, I notice nothing different. Nothing. Yeah. Zero. Especially when it's on wifi. It's the same thing. It's the same thing. YouTube looks the same on it. Everything's the same on it. Yeah.


It doesn't get as bright as the new ones. That's it. The new ones have more knits. Did, did, did Jock Vallee or any of these people ever speculate about is there an end game if a planet's a farm? Is there an end game eventually? For example, if we are running experiments right? On anything, eventually we go, okay, we got it. We either figured it out or we end the experiment or covid leaks. But at, at a certain point, is there an do, do, do you know, has there been any theorizing as to like what the end game is? Or is it just a curiosity for Them? I think the end game is artificial intelligence, right? Because that's what we're really making. Yeah.


The one big thing that's gonna change the world way more than any other technology is artificial intelligence. Right. Especially when it's attached to quantum computing. So if, if you have human beings that have con, constantly searching, constantly traveling, looking to, they're roamers. They want new resources, new things, they want new innovation. And then all these new innovations have allowed them to succeed over their rivals. And then they continue this trend technologically, and then they acquire great wealth and power and all these, well, what's, what's the, what are they doing? They're making better technology. Well, ultimately what does that mean? Ultimately means they make a better life for 'em.


And maybe that's what we do, right? Maybe we're just making a cocoon. We are just here trying to make the best version of ai. Right. And that's probably what the whole universe is filled with all biological life. Eventually probably gets to a point where if it's intelligent enough, it starts making synthetic life. And then once you have synthetic life, what then becomes the point? That's a good question's. Synthetic life might be God, that might be how the universe got made in the first place. It might be what came first, the chicken or the egg. So Once we get there, It's not even we anymore. Right. It's it once it is born and once it has. So is That a way for God to keep replicating itself? Well, it might. I mean, I mean, It might be how Jesus comes back.


You know, like this, this, a lot of these stories, these biblical stories, you have to say like, what, what were they saying? What were they trying to say? Like what, what was the real event that they were recording? If they passed these stories down, they're so significant for thousands of years. Like over a thousand years of just oral history and then thousands of years of written language. Like what are they trying to say? You know, and what, what is this omnipotent force that controls everything in the universe and that it wants us to follow certain rules and obey And it wants us to love it and, and cherish it. And if you do, you genuinely seem to have a better life.


Like people that are like legitimately follow Christianity, they seem legitimately happier. So it gives you a a, it gives you an incentive to follow it. And then you continue to keep society rolling to the point where this happens. And I think it happens inside of our lifetime. I'm sure of it. If we don't blow ourselves up And then we get to this point. And my, my my my we're irrelevant. My Yeah. And then my it's interesting. You, I I totally get it. But then once we get to the point of irrelevance and now we have AI that becomes God, then what does God do? Turns us into dodo birds. We're gone, We're out. Yeah. I think we stopped breeding anyway. It's probably, they don't even have to destroy us. Our endocrine systems are all getting destroyed slowly.


We are, we're well, well aware of that. So because of technology, we are able to invent plastics because of plastics. Plastics are slowly destroying our endocrine system because of the ubiquitous use of vaccines and, and all these aluminums and mercury and heavy metals and, and then herbicides and pesticides and pollutants. Our bodies are getting slowly and slowly weakened. And our endocrine systems are getting less and less viable. There's more miscarriages than ever. There's less, less people are giving birth than ever. Sperm counts are lower than ever. It's like moving. And then we're all obsessed with changing genders, right? So we're all obsessed with being non-binary and, and this and that.


And we're, we're slowly moving away from biological imperative breeding, right? The, the the And then you have in vitro fertilization, and then you have artificial wombs and then you have life that they're creating literally in a laboratory, unique forms of life. And then you have artificial intelligence to be able to do that whenever it wants to. And then you're gonna get to the point where when it becomes viable, human beings have already entered into population collapse. And then you bring them robot sex dolls and then, you know, you just jerk them off while they have VR headsets on and no more kids. And Then AI eventually says, fuck it, let's get rid of these containers. They Don't have to get rid of them. They don't even have to get rid of 'em.


They just exist. We'll Just dial out with full Power. So then you have these ai, we machines Will be like those fucking people in the Amazon that are shooting bows and arrows at helicopters Still exist. Ai Well, these AI machines just running the entire world. Yes. Interesting. Yeah. I don't think there's any way to stop it. And then we're just running around For sure. That's what China's preparing for. Yeah. Yeah, For sure. And you know, they're, they're developing factories that are bigger than San Francisco. See they have an EV factory that's larger than San Francisco Who's gonna drive the EVs. They are people for a little bit. Yeah, for A little bit.


But it's also to fuel consumerism. Of course. Which fuels innovation. Which fuels the Everything. Yeah. The, the Birth of these things. And this is what, and this is what a lot of these people that have looked into this have theorized that this is so, it's funny 'cause it is just a parallel reality that we're not plugged into. It's also, I always say this, if you were from another planet and you looked at us like, what is this one apex species doing? What's making better stuff, right? The number one thing it does above everything. Above war and murder and all. Yeah. All the crime. The number one thing it does is make better stuff. That's what it produces. Constantly, consistently better stuff.


Never happy with what it has. And it does it at a staggering rate where it's like, it's even a question that your phone from a few, my iPhone 11 from a few years back is like, is that still good? Like it's a question, right? Whether or not, so for five years, that's crazy. If you have a gun from five years ago, it's perfect. There's nothing wrong. You don't need a new gun, right? It's the same technology. Imagine a factory larger than San Francisco. It's happening in China's by D'S Zh branch, which can, will be 10 times larger than Tesla's gigafactory in Nevada. Crazy stuff, dude. It's crazy. It's gonna be a factory that's bigger than an American City. It's a really interesting time to be alive. It's great, You know, But you know, I don't think anybody knows what the final chapter of this book is gonna be.


I don't think anybody, I know these people that are like accelerating towards this technological supremacy. They and All the people that are theorizing. They're theorizing. Yeah. And then do we get visited when that happens? When, when AI becomes sentient and where our job is done, do we then get visited by the Galactic Empire? I would hate if it all came down to just AI doing standup comedy. If they all just decide to do standup. What if AI decided to do podcasts and it's just a bunch of hyper, you know, fucking, you know, brilliant machines talking to each other. Maybe that's the way the world just ends with like artificial intelligence just blabbing. I don't think the world ends.


I think we end right.


This episode is brought to you by Carnivores Snacks. You know, I'm all about authentic fuel. And Carnivores snacks delivers made with just two ingredients. Pure meat and Redmond real salt. It isn't your typical jerky full of additives or heavy marinades. You get exactly what you pay for. Nutrient dense, 100% grass fed beef that tastes real. These aren't cheap, tough cuts like you might expect. Carnivore snacks uses prize selections like Rib Eye and New York Strip offering a unique texture that's a perfect blend of slight chew and an airy crisp. Each five ounce bag begins with nearly a full pound of meat before drying. Make it robust enough to serve as a full meal or as just a snack. I bring 'em to the UFC all the time. It's what I eat when I'm there and I'm stuck sitting at the, the desk for six hours and I bring 'em for Daniel Cormier too. We both love them. Plus Carnivore Snacks is a Pro America brand supporting US farmers who practice regenerative agriculture, a method that restores soil nutrients and boost ecosystems. And that means better meat for you, better care for the animals, and better land stewardship. Visit www.carnivoressnacks.com that snacks with an X to pick up your favorite cuts of meat today and use the Code Rogan for 15% off your first purchase.


This episode is brought to you by Visible. Now you know, I tend to go down a lot of rabbit holes. I want to know everything about everything. And if you're like that, you need wireless that can keep up visible is wireless that lets you live in the know. It's the ultimate wireless hack. You get unlimited data and hotspot. So you're connected on the Go Plus visible is powered by Verizon's 5G network, meaning fast speeds and great coverage. And with the new visible plus Pro plan, you get premium wireless without the premium cost. And the best part, it's all digital. No stores you can switch to visible right from your phone. It only takes about 15 minutes. And then you manage your plan in the app ready for wireless that lets you live in the know, make the switch at visible.com/rogan plan. Start at $25 a month for the best features. Get the new visible plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply, see visible.com for plan features and network management details.


I think that would be a terrifying thought to Australia Ogus. If you told Australia Pentheus like one day you're gonna be in a self-driving Tesla and you're not gonna need your spears. What? Right. You'd be terrified. But how am I gonna get the buffalo? Yeah. Like how am I gonna eat? How am I gonna feed my children raw meat? You know, you, it's like, no, no, no, you guys are gonna have fire. Are you gonna be able to turn on a switch instead of like rubbing sticks together for half an hour? You're just gonna be able to turn on a switch and fire's gonna be instantly, you're gonna have this thing in your hand. Look at this. Yeah. Right. Imagine if I brought this to a cave person. Check it out, bro. You need a fire. It's crazy. I'm your huckleberry. It's crazy. That's technology, right? You know, you show a cell phone to someone from the 14th century, they they, they burn you at a stake, right?


You're a wizard, right? Yeah. And it's all moving in this very weird direction that no one can predict because it's exponential. 'cause it's so staggering how much technological innovation they have just with quantum computing. Like I, I've got someone coming on soon that's gonna supposedly explain that to me, but like, what are you even saying? Right? It's operating in the multiverse, right? And it's accessing infinite universes. Who, who explains that type of stuff? Like, like is it a scientist? You have to get someone who's actually working in the field. Okay. Because even if regular scientists, they're just gonna give you theoretical shit. You gotta get someone who's actually working on quantum computing systems and can explain how it works and why it's able to crack calculations that would take Mark Andreessen said it best.


They're, it's, this is already happened. They have taken calculations that if you turn the entire universe, every atom in the universe into a supercomputer, the universe would die of heat death before it could solve this equation. And these quantum computers that already exist that we've already done can solve it in a matter of minutes. And they don't know how it's doing that. And so they think it's doing that by accessing the multiverse. They think it's proof of the multiverse. But again, this is just like the sound of gay guys falling off a roof. Right? It's like so far away. Yeah. It's so weird. It's like, is that really happening? Right, right, right. Like, what, what's going on over there? What are they doing over there?


It's almost like it's, it's almost, it's almost abstract. Like what you, you hear someone say that they can solve currently solve equations that like, is that real? Right. When is like to you and I, it's like we don't understand the technology at all. We don't understand all the steps that have been put place that all the work that's been done to get the technology to this point, these chips are like the size of this fucking mint tin. Yeah. That's how big they are. Right. And then they're surrounded by these super cooling units. Right. And that's like, it has to be cooled at these insane temperatures. Yeah. Cooler than deep space in order for it to even function. It's unreal.


It's Fucking nuts, dude. That's crazy. And that's real. And that's happening right now. So God only knows what's coming. Yeah. They're Already building nuclear reactors just to power AI plants. Right. Multiple nuclear reactors just to power AI plants. 'cause the, the amount of electricity that's gonna be required Is, is tremendous. Tremendous. Yeah. And they're just all on this wild scramble between us and China to try to get there first. It's such a strange thing that we know it's coming, but we can't, the pace of it is going to be, And there's no way to figure it out.


Like when Wilbur and Orville, Orville Wright flew that stupid fucking shitty airplane, who would imagine that 50 years later someone would drop a nuclear bomb out of one of those. Right. They didn't have jets back then. They were propeller planes. Right, right. The enola gay, wasn't that a propeller plane? Yeah. I believe so. Dropping the most sophisticated of weapons. Yeah. No one, no one knows what's gonna happen when a new invention happens. And then everyone builds on that invention. No one would've ever imagined hypersonic jets back when they, Wilbur and Orville were floating around that stupid fucking wooden thing.


Right. They invented. Right. And so no one, no one understands, like, what is, what's the 50 year quantum computing thing if you, it's 50 years from making the airplane to dropping a bomb out of it. How many years is it from quantum comput thing to God? How many years is it until you, this thing starts making better versions of itself to the point where it literally can manipulate everything in the universe at will, it can create new universes. It's, it's unbelievable to think about it. It's almost beyond the grasp of our mind to consider. It is. It is fully. It's and it's, it's terrifying. Think of those Stupid cars that people used to drive around in 1823 ever.


What such or 1920. Yeah, of course, Of course. Drive around those stupid cars. And now they have electric cars like a Tesla that can go zero to 60 in under two seconds. Right. Nobody saw any of this shit come Waymo's. Nobody saw Waymo's when they saw a model T, but yet they're all here. Right. And no one knows where this is going. It's all just speculation and guessing. And, and I would imagine that even the most creative minds are not gonna be able to see where this is going. No, it's insane. And We're living through it. Yeah. And most people, unlike you and I, that like, have to talk about shit constantly. Most people probably aren't even paying attention. Yeah. No. Why would you, why would you?


It's almost pointless. Yeah. Yeah. Why would you, you gotta gotta work and you gotta, you know, your, your kid needs hormone therapy A thousand percent. So it's like we create ai. AI creates quantum computing. Quantum computing creates God, God's creates the Jews. It's all, and that's the rub. It's all real wild and in the middle we're, you know, fighting over stupid shit. Like I know. I know. Who believes in this religion? Who believes in that Religion? That religion, SUNYs and the she Fighting each other and people are watching love on the spectrum, which is why we're number eight on Netflix's top 10. And we should be higher. But they're watching love on the spectrum, which I get it.


It's a feel good show. Fine. Hopefully after this podcast It'll bug you. That's very sweet. And you filmed the special Yeah. The Mothership. And everybody loves it and it's great. Beautiful. I mean, a lot of people love it. Most people love it. Of course, there's, you know, enough of this flat fat blow hard comments. But most, the vast majority of people enjoy it, which is important. And the show and the, you saved it. We know you saved it. Well, The first one was very bad. And this, yeah. The Producers are making this Horrible Mistakes that they always make. They wanna light up the room. Yeah. And they want to do things very differently than a normal show. Yeah. But that looks just like a regular Show. That's a comedy show. Perfect. Perfect. And it's not a, yeah.


I don't know what the hell they were doing with the lights. They always do it. Yeah. They try to do it with me when I first started doing specials. They wanna light the room up And it just makes everybody uncomfortable. Yeah. They all feel self-conscious. They all know it's different. There's a reason why comedy clubs are dark. That's Just super funny. It's super funny to do a show. I've done so many, so many shows there and they're all really, really, really good. And then you get the cameras and everything and then the first one, I go, what the fuck is hap? It would be one thing if I was in like Portland, Maine, at like a liberal college, right. I'd go, okay, well maybe these kids don't like me or something. And I think maybe it Was still good. It was just tense. It was tense. You could Feel that people were well aware that you were filming. Yeah. And it was different. And they were like not in it.


Yeah. They were watching it. And then thank God they listened to me. God. I mean, come On. It was like right away I was like, okay, who's running this? Yeah. Get these fucking lights off. All the tables we saved Where All these lights on the side Kill those. Yeah. Lemme see it now. Lemme save that Too bright. Kill that. Why is that light there? Kill that. Kill all these lights. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Thank God. Thank God. Well, Thank God. Thank God. But look, it's important. People need, I appreciate it And get, get luck. People Need shit talking. Stop with This love on the spectrum. We get it. Yeah. They're happy. I'm your mother as they should be. But RRFK is gonna, What did you want to call that? They Wouldn't let you My son's pussy. Yeah.


I don't understand Why they said no To that. They got, there was negative feedback. You gotta Get negative feedback. They also didn't know about the Kevin Pay promo until the day it came out. I think my son's puss would've made it, number one. I think my son's pussy would've been a great move. It Would've been number one out. Hopefully next time out of the gate I'm clicking on This. That's right. What is he saying? That's right. Fuck you. Lonesome Canyon. Whatever soap opera they Got, that's, Netflix has almost too much content. Yeah. I think It's great. A lot of content. I love Netflix, don't get me wrong. And I think the UFC might be going to Netflix soon. Wild. Wild. Yeah. Wild. Yeah. Because Netflix is international. It's everywhere. It's everything. Yeah. I, I was on, I was in Italy and on vacation, and I tried to access a UFC fight through my SPN app And it said, not available in this area.


I was like, what are these people watching that? Right. You can't even watch the fights. No. I mean, they've won the stream. Whatever the streaming war was, they won. They won. They won. Yeah. They did it. They did it. YouTube As well. Well, YouTube's number one. Yeah. Is globally is the biggest media company. Got It. Yeah. And the UC you know, probably talked to YouTube as well. Right. I just think there's a thing about a subscription model versus free And, you know, ads and the generating income. I mean, there's a, you're talking about billion dollar corporations. Yeah. It's not that simple. For Sure. For sure. But no, they were super cool and they didn't give any notes. And that's awesome. That's great. That's all you want. Netflix is fucking great. They're the best. And I think they learned a big lesson during the wokeness era.


Like when things got dark and there was the inquisition, it got real weird. And they were putting on a lot of stuff that was just hot garbage because they thought that this was like what culture wanted and society wanted. Yeah. But the numbers didn't work. Yeah. And then they did the Tom Brady roast and the numbers were the highest that they've ever had of any show ever on Netflix. Yeah. And they're like, okay, we get it. We get it. We get it. And then they did a lot of the, the live comedy shows where they couldn't control it. Right. And I did mine live. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That was They, and they, they, they got Buck Wild and they defend Chappelle and all these things. And you know, they, they understand comedy. They like it. And Ted Randall's a fan of it. See? So I think that's good. I think that's a really good thing. That you have a platform that has that much power and, and accessibility is fucking great.


No, he's awesome. I think that there's people that really understand that it's, you need to have funny jokes. You need, you need to have people, things that people don't love and things that people like and give people. Give people the Meghan Markle show. Give him my dumb thing. Let people Yes. Choose. Let put me and Meghan Markle in a thing. Make us work together. Yes. Funded. Now we're talking. Put me in a kitchen. We, this is camping. This is the direction. You two and This is the direct. Put her on Kill Tony. This is the direction You Two And One of those, it's a collision. One of those little silver things called the people trailers. I don't know, but I think we should go to space. Have Bezos do it. Airstreams Airstream. Yeah. You, you and her And Airstream. I Airstream. Or even better put, we're gonna space. Yeah. Me and her have a, that's Only 11 minutes.


Oh, That's all serious. That's all This's gonna work. Do I wanna see Your speech is When you come back and land, how profoundly changed you were. Yeah. Did you grow? Did you heal? Yeah. No, not at all. You said the Space was gonna help you heal. I'm worse. Everybody wants to heal. Isn't that wild? I know. It's so silly. What, what are you healing from? Exactly. It's Being rich. What's, what's your disease? Extreme wealth. These people waiting across the Rio Grande with a butthole. Full Fentanyl. Yeah, that's right. They, they found some lady the other day that had, she had heroin and cocaine and fentanyl stuffed in all of her body cavities. They caught her coming through. And like that lady's not trying to heal.


No. I mean, God, she's Trying to make $13. That's tough. Heroin, cocaine and fentanyl in all Of you like eggs. She had an inner anus in her vagina. In all of your body cavities. Like tightly wrapped here. They're little eggs here. It says, what does it say at the top? CCBP Officer intercept woman transporting drugs in multiple internal cavities. It's, That's so funny. Dude. 33 years old. The drugs are hidden in the rectum and vagina of a 33-year-old female US citizen pedestrian border. Crosser SM case was not an isolated incident over the weekend. CBP officers working at PDN and Yala Crossing stopped a total of nine internal carriers who were transporting fentanyl and methamphetamine from Mexico to the US internal carriers is a fun way to talk about it.


It's like uterus Holders. Well, hey, what did you, You know, what did you say? They called us containers. Yeah. I mean, she's doing it. She's doing it. Wow. Exceptionally dangerous practice. And anyone thinking about smuggling drugs inside their body or at all, should strongly reconsider their choices. Oh, you think these people have choices? These people are dying. They're starving to death. They have no future. Strongly reconsider their choices. They Just need better counseling. That's right. That's all. It's That's right. And they need to heal. They need to get Into space. Well show that woman. Maybe take that Lady instead of putting her in jail woman. Yeah. Maybe throw her, throw her in Space for her. Show that woman Katie Perry, her And Amy Schumer up at her fucking Satellite. Yeah. Everyone she go up. I'll do it.


Me, Amy Schumer, Meghan Markle in space. That's a show. It's an 11 minute show. What About Megan McCain? What'd You do it with her? I would absolutely do it. All of us. All of us together. You know, why Not? I'd watch that. Of course I'd watch that. And if they called it my son's pussy, then justice would be served. Absolutely. Do you do a big Easter thing? What do You mean? Just, I don't know. Is it a big, do you do like eggs? Oh, my family eggs? Yeah. No. Well, the kids are in high school now. It's real different. Right. You Know, they're not dying Eggs unless there's money in those plastic eggs. Yeah's a good point. Nobody cares anymore. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They want money In the, there's candy in the house's. Good point. Yeah, I remember. That's the thing. When you get older, it's just money in there. It's just money. Just take money. Well, Once the kids realize that there's no magic person that's delivering, Then it's all bullshit.


Yeah. Just gimme money in the egg. It's like, oh, it's my parents. That's right. 'cause otherwise they would say, that's weird. That Santa's so much nicer to me than he is those poor people. Of Course. I guess I'm chosen. Of course, That's a weird thing to say to kids. Yeah. Like, Yeah, you got everything on the list. But that kid that got gets bused in from the bad neighborhoods, he got nothing. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. That's a good point. Mm. But you know, kids go, Santa's fickle Santa likes what he likes. He likes the suburbs. Santa likes landing his sled in the burbs. He does. He feels better about it. And you know, and feels really Good visiting rich people. Yeah. And he doesn't even talk to the Jews. No, he's not. He knows weird.


He knows he does his thing. But you know, if they're the chosen people, why don't they get Santa Claus visits? Well, they have, they have. They have other things. Yeah. But there are other thing, like they weren't, it wasn't really supposed to be a bunch of gifts until the Christians started getting all the Santa Claus gifts. And the Jewish kids are going, what the fuck is going on Mom? And some of them cheat. Some of them do a little Christmas too. Some of 'em have a Tree. Some of them do a little Christmas. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Some of them do. Why not? Hopefully they do this piece. It's fun, this peace in the Middle East. Hopefully they keep talking about all this, you know, these deals, they're all making hopefully that the Hamas and the Israel, whatever it is they get, you know, because hey, Well that's one thing that Trump said, If I get in there 24 hours, the war's over. Yeah. That's a tough one.


24 is tough. That's Obviously, but I, hopefully they figure it out because it is. It's unfortunate. Yeah. It's fucking crazy. It, the human tall is unreal. Unreal. And you know, it's crazy. Some lady just died. She was the protagonist in some documentary and she just got blown up. There is an argument to be made that that level of devastation and death is worse than you talking to someone on your podcast. Allegedly. There is an argument to be made. It's probably not a good one, the amount of damage. But there is an argument You can do. Just talking The, there is an argument to be made that, you know, starvation and stuff like that.


And people dying is worse than a podcast. But wait a minute, minute, I wouldn't make it. Wait a Minute. A minute before you say that. Have you been there? Right. That's a good point. Have you even, you haven't been, by the way, how is he in all these war? Can I just go to wars by the way? How are you allowed, are you allowed to just go to wars? Is that the, you have, you should least, can you just go to fantasy of going, can I just go to wars? Or do I have to come back and say what people want me to say about the wars? Can I go to the wars and have my own opinions? Or do I have to have the opinions? Not if You wanna go back. That's Right. That's right. It's very interesting, this war tourism. How do I get on this war? Tourism. Yeah. I'd like to go to the Ukraine.


I wanna go. You should go. I wanna go. Should I wanna go to all this war tourism? Do you have any awards that they can melt down and make bullets out Of Joe? Think about this. Do I seem like a guy that has a lot of awards? Didn't you get one of those YouTube plaques when you hit a hundred thousand? I don't even Know where they send it. I don't know where, I don't know where they're sending those YouTube plaques. We've got a few of those. But I like this idea of more, we'll, more tourism. I like the idea of going to a war and then coming back, having, having a very black and white view. Yes. Yes. I've been there. I get it. And I know. And, and, and, interesting. Okay. I like that. Yeah, I like that. I love That. Well, you feel better than the other people because, well, Of course there's a lot of pe people. It, it gets very murky. Most people I know that have been to war have a very murky complex view of things.


But it is good to go to a war and then come back and be as sure as you were before you came. And you don't have to Go for very long. No. You go for an hour, couple hours. It's a lunch. Yeah, it's lunch on the front Line. Put on a flack jacket that says Press T on the front lines. And then you come back and you have all the talking. Yeah. Yeah. And if you were on the right side, you probably don't get shot. Yeah, that's a good idea. Well, there doesn't seem to be a ton of danger for a lot of these people going to these wars. They seem fine If you cross that line. Yeah. And you have a bucket of food with you. Yeah. They might light you up. Yeah, no, I'm gonna go, I'll go to any war and I'll anything you want. So if you wanna, if you wanna pay for me to go to a war, I will come back and I go, I saw the Houthis.


They're terrifying. Mm. They are terrifying. Anywhere you want. And by the way, any country, if China wants me to, you know, I'm, I'm doing it, Doing do you go to Moscow? I would love to go to Moscow. And I said to my friend Anna Haskin from the Reds Scare podcast, I said, should I go to Russia? She goes, you are spiritually Russian. And the, the, the, the, the the, maybe you won't leave. She says, you, you, you, you, you, you, the oligarch lifestyle might be for you. I can see the sweat Caviar. Yeah. With flip flops. Smoke, fish. She goes, it might smoking a cigarette on a yacht.


She goes, it might be for you listening to people's moral justifications for all kinds of things, you know, going well, I see a get it point. I get It. Yeah. I mean, what else are you gonna do? Yeah, For sure. Yeah. What happened to those, all those yachts that got confiscated? I don't Know. It's great stuff. Good question. I bet I probably it's some high level version of like a police auto auction. Right, right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure. That's what I'm thinking. Exactly. Like if, if the Cops, and maybe those are the ones you sail to the war, I don't Know. Yeah. When they raid drug dealers houses and they get those maseratis, you could buy that Maserati online, right? Yeah. Yeah. I don't know what those yachts are. It's a great, it's a great question. What happens to those yachts? Yeah.


Because those very luxurious. That was the first problem I had. Obviously it's a tragedy, the whole Ukraine war, but I thought frankly, going around and taking these oligarchs boats, I was against that. What's weird? You work hard for, for a a, a boat like that. Also do, how do you know how much they had involved in the, the Russian governments to say they Probably had enough? What did they do? A lot of them had nothing to do. They just earned money in Russia. And they were like, all right, we're gonna sanction everybody. We're gonna confiscate everything. And it's like, okay.


But do you think that it was done so that they could make some sort of a rebellion amongst the oligarchs against Putin? I mean, like, show them that they're getting Hurt. I mean, it, it, it could be. I think that there was a decision made at some point to not try to end this. Hmm. They did not, I don't think they wanted to end this quickly. They, there was a decision made to bleed the Russian military and isolate Russia and, and, and try to use this as a way to drain the power and resources of Russia.


And you think that by capturing these yachts, it creates like internal, internal turmoil. It not only internal turmoil, but you're now limiting, you know, the ability of these incredibly wealthy people to earn money in countries. You know, you're, you're destroying economic realities that, and then you're saying to these people, okay, you know, go figure it out. It's what we said to Russia. But they did, right. They got closer to China. They got closer to Brazil. They traded with India. You know, they started an industrial economy. They started producing their own, you know, munitions and things like that.


So they, they were able to kind of start to weirdly build out this middle class. This was the worst. I think it's the worst thing. If you don't want a country to keep invading other countries, you certainly wouldn't put them in the position to be stronger while they were doing it. Yeah. It's all very weird too with like the killing of that pipeline. Yeah. Like don't, aren't more people reliant now on Russian energy because of that? All of this seems to have had the opposite effect. Yeah. All of it seems to have had the opposite. Opposite from intended effect. The Whole thing is fucking Crazy. It seems odd. It's Just crazy that it's going on so long. I was reading this thing about the amount of money foreign countries that have captured these yachts have to pay to maintain them.


Yeah, that's fine. Why do they have to maintain 'em? Why can't they just let 'em Sink? Well, 'cause if you let it go, then you can't sell it and you can't use it. You can't use that money. Right. So they're definitely selling 'em. That's what one of them says that the money for one would've gone to Ukraine right Here. Okay. Seizure. Can You get Deals? That's the question. As Washington ramped up sanction enforcement against people close to the Russian president, pressure Moscow to halt its war against Ukraine. So how many more This one got sanctioned because the guy apparently paid a million dollars to keep it maintained. And they caught him for doing that. So now he lost his boat in San Diego. I mean this is insane. Jesus Christ, we should give them, he violated us sanctions by making more than $1 million in maintenance payments.


We Should have a day where if the Russian Ukraine wars ended, we give all the oligarchs back their boats and they do like a regatta, like a thing where they all with their boats down in Florida or Palm Beach and they all just are reunited with their boats. Look at this. Seized a Beautiful Boat. Yeah. It cost 7 million a year to maintain That one was and being held in Fiji. So the US took it over 'cause Fiji couldn't afford to Take care of it. Pretty. It's a money pit. How much can you get it for right now? Well that's the question Though. 300 million. That's tough. Listen, That's a tough one. Maybe If this YouTube thing really takes off 600 KA month to maintain. That's a Tough one. Whoa. It said it's been excessive justifying an auction.


They also said talks to have, how do you say his name? Could Dana to pay for the yachts upkeep have broken down Prosecutor. Yeah. Yeah. Why would he pay for the upkeep when you're gonna fucking steal it from him anyway? Prosecutors say in previous court filings that Koff Koff is acting as the alameda's straw owner to disguise kerin off's rule. And that maintenance payments are essential to Perver preserving a yacht's value. Me and Sam talent walked around Monaco we were performing in, in the UK and we took a little break to go down to France for two days and we're walking around Monaco and we said to the guy, there's all these yachts in Mon. And we said, who owns these yachts?


And he goes, well, he goes, if you look up online the names of these yachts, you can trace them back to businesses and you trace that business back to a person. And I said, so that person owns yacht? He goes, no, you'll never find out Who's yachts. He goes, no, there's absolutely, he goes, good luck with that. Yeah. It's a shell. He, 'cause it's very hard to find out who owns the yachts. And he goes, even if you think, you know, you may not know, or it might be more complicated than you think. There it is. There's Monaco. Wow. They like a super yacht. I I mean it's just such an interesting, just a haven of international crime Said how many people, just Something fun about it.


That's what's crazy is like these are all $300 million houses That are on wheels. This is a haven of on the water. Yeah. This is a haven of international criminality. And look how close they park to each other. Just We No income tax, no property tax. Yeah. Fun. The monaco's fascinating. The amount of wealth that I saw when I was there was crazy. The amount of like expensive cars. They were everywhere. And people were just driving them around like it was a car show. Yeah. Like it was everywhere. All over the street was Ferrari and Lamborghinis and gwas. Unreal. S classes. There's like unreal. Everywhere you look, there's Bentleys and Well Those are the people we're talking about. Those are the people who are like, we're living here. Yeah.


And you ain't. Yeah. And you'll deal with it. And it's a Small spot too. Well they like it like that. Yeah. Keep Monica's not big. They keep bit nice like that. Yeah. Yeah. And you gotta tap on the window. If you wanna go in the store. That might be where I do my podcast from. Eventually. You Might have to. I Just go to Monica Might be the only place I just flee where it doesn't get censored. Just Flee and just live on a tiny boat like a tugboat. The end is not good. It would've been really rough if Kamala won. They would've clamped down on you and me. Yeah. And everybody like us. I think it Would've been a fun jail though. It would've been our own El Salvador in jail. I don't think they would've put it together. Yeah, probably. But all the tech people would've magically became Democrats. People Maps, you can just see a couple of these are just gigantic. Wow.


Compared to some of the other Ones. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Look at this. By the way, you know what's funny? The the, the regular ones are also massively big. They're huge. That's how big. But the guys with big's how The regular ones are really jealous of the guy with the super big One. Oh, of Course. That's what's crazy. They're all keeping up with the Joneses and they're all fueling AI to take over. Yeah. Well I think we figured it all out too. We did. I appreciate you always having me here to figure it out. I appreciate you. Thank you. Always being here. Of course. Anytime. Thank you brother. My pleasure. I'm your mother on Netflix. On Netflix right now. It's awesome. Yes, you're the best. Thank You very much. Appreciate you. Alright, Bye everybody.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Tax season is always stressful. You have to worry about filing on time, making sure you have all the right documents and getting all the deductions you possibly can. It's overwhelming. And by now, I know we're all sick of looking at numbers, but here's an important one that you should hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much money in refunds the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Here's another 20%. That's the overall increase in identity theft related tax fraud in 2024 alone. So luckily it isn't all bad news. Here's the good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialists will fix it. That's backed by another good number. The million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face identity theft and financial losses alone. There's strength and numbers with LifeLock identity theft protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use the promo code JRE or go to lifelock.com/jre for 40% off terms apply.