
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train By Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night all day. No, no course. I'm too vain. That's exactly right. I look back and I think, oh, that those headphones are pushing at my hair. Isn't that sad? That's So sad. You shave your head. That's sad. You never look back if you Do. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, it's the greatest thing in the world. It's freedom. I Have a, I have a big dent here from when a meteorite landed on me when I was a kid. A Meteorite. Oh, funny story. I know. I've got plenty of cuts on my head. I got 'em all over the place. Well, You're looking pretty unscarred and Oh, the back of my head. I have one when I was a little kid.


It's pretty big that these, one of these cranes that lifts up sewer pipes, those big concrete pipes bang me off the back of the head. Yeah. I grayed. Oh yeah. That's not good. Grayed out. Went to the hospital. Were you a different person before that experience? I don't know. I know you'd have talk to my mom. Hmm. I was always a little wild. This could be of autobiographical significance, You know? Oh, there's definitely a lot of head trauma growing. Mm. Were you knocked Out of my personality? No. No. I stayed conscious, but I got close. That's the big predictor. I got gray. Everything got I grayed out that I came back to. I didn't completely go unconscious. So Jamie went golfing this weekend with OJ Simpson's golf clubs. Uhoh, Not with oj.


He's not here. You exercise. That Would Be the next step. Jamie bought OJ Simpson's golf clubs after he got, This is like a childhood dream. No, They were just for sale. I saw him for sale. I said, why not? They came in. I wanted some big grips. Yeah. They were expensive. A couple of our friends. What did Shane get? Shane got a bunch of stuff. Right? I talked him into buying some stuff. Yeah. He got like scarfs and Ties. He bought a bunch of ties, I think scarfs too. Okay. He bought a trophy. A trophy, and a Bill Clinton signed photo And he spent thousands of dollars. What Was this? Was this some sort of OG Simpson Auction? Yeah, it was like an estate sale. Yeah. Yeah. I see. You know, he's dead now, so you can get his stuff right For nothing. Pennies on the dollar. Well, It's, I mean, only people like Jamie and Shane are dumb enough to buy.


It's like, it's like for a goof, it's one of those things like either getting it for a goof or you're a very dark person. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Right, Right. I wouldn't want to own it. Even for a goof. Like if I found a J OJ played pool, I wouldn't want his clo. His Q Was there. Qs? No, there wasn't. There was a weird notebook that Robert Kardashian had like handwritten stuff to him, blood splatter. I was like, that might be interesting, but It's taking a vicious turn, Joe, already. Yeah. That's a dark story. It is, Yeah. Yeah. And you only know the surface of It. Well, it's dark in both ways. It's also dark and planted evidence. You know, there was blood at the scene of the, the crime that had preservative in it.


Allegedly. Supposedly, according to Robert Kardashian. And according to, I believe the forensic scientists, when they analyzed it, it matched O j's blood. But they had to draw blood from OJ in order to determine whether or not it was his blood that was at the scene of the crime. And some of the blood found at the scene of the crime had that preservative in it that they use. They were sloppy in the nineties, you know, Compared to now. Well, there was no DNA evidence back then. You know, people were, cops were there. There's always gonna be a certain percentage of cops that just want to convict somebody regardless of the evidence. And if they're, you know, in their mind they believe someone's guilty, they'll do whatever they, they can, including planting evidence.


I guess. At least that's allegedly. I don't, not that I don't think he did it. I definitely think he did it, but I also think the cops planted evidence, which is probably at least partially why he got off. You know, I think the big reason why he got off was Rodney King. Right, right. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Have you gone into the whole George Floyd story at all? Have you ever like looked at like what they actually did to him for? It's a combination of things like what the cop did was horrible, but also he was dying. You know, like most people probably, like, if they did that to you, you probably would've lived, you know, that guy had an large car.


That was my Understanding of it. He was fucked up, But that cop did lean on his neck, which is always interesting to see people try to minimize that. You know, I'm, I'm always like, you gotta be able to just say what it is. Well, that situation can be ugly in a multitude of ways. Yes. Right. That's when things get well, that's when it's very difficult to pick your moral pathway forward. All your choices are not good. Yes. Right. Which is oftentimes the case when it comes to conflicts, right? Yes. Conflicts are very complicated and they're, and people want it to be binary. They want there to be a good guy and a bad guy, and that's oftentimes not really the case. Yeah. Well, It's hard, hard to organize yourself for combat unless you are quite convinced that you're the good guy.


So there's a default to that dichotomy. That's a necessary part of, well, even standing your own ground. Right. 'cause otherwise you get demoralized. And so I suppose people, well, when they're threatened, they default to a simple narrative. And because that's, you can't defend yourself in some ways it's Right. It's very hard to defend yourself, especially physically or militarily without a pretty cut and dried narrative. Well, especially like military operatives, you know, you have to have a very, your, your life and the people that you're with their life depends on you not having any confusion about whether or not Yeah. Right. It's morally correct. Yeah. Yeah. To be doing what you're doing. That's why they like to break it down to kill bad dudes, you know? Right. Kill bad dudes.


Right. Real simple, let's go. Right. They tell us what to do, we do it. Which is what you wanna stay alive. You want your teammates stay alive. That's what you have to do. Yeah. Well, you never know when doubt will cause a fraction of a second difference in reaction time. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's always the thing with physical altercations with people too. You know, oftentimes people get sucked into these things where they're not sure whether to act or not act, and that's when they get in trouble. Right. You know? Right. That's probably true in life. You don't wanna oversimplify things too, but once you've made a decision, well, that's when it's necessary to put doubts behind you, because otherwise you just act in half measures.


Yeah. And oftentimes you have to have done the wrong thing before, like, like failed to act or hesitated to act And it cost you, and then you have to learn that lesson. It's very difficult to like know that without experiencing mistakes. You know, you have to, you have to have failed to act and then realize, oh, I should have done something there. Yeah. Well that's, I think that's partly too, one of the things that I often faced in my clinical practice and with the students that I mentored was this confusion about acting. I don't know what to do, so what should I do? Well, nothing. I'll wait around until I figure out what to do. Right. It's like, no, you should put together a bad plan and you should implement it.


Because even if you fail in the implementation, you'll gather information. Yes. And then you can rectify the plan. And so staying in that malaise until You know what to do, makes you get older and more miserable and you gather no information along the way. A bad plan is a good idea. Best, you know, any plan is better than none. That's a good rule of thumb and a bad plan, a bad plan can be incrementally improved. Yeah. Right. Right. With Experience. Right. He who hesitates is lost. Yeah. Yeah. That's really difficult for young people. I think more so today than ever at any time in history, because the distractions are so many and they're so engrossing, you know, if you get outta high school, you don't know what to do, and then you start playing video games and you're on social media, a day can slip by like that.


Yeah. A day becomes a week, becomes a month, becomes a year. And before you know it, you're 30. Yeah. Right. That's for sure. And you haven't done shit. Yeah. And that's really common. That's really common today. And I don't think we can ignore those factors. The factors of just engrossing distractions. Yeah. Well, in the algorithms optimized for short term attention. So, you know, you know, it's a weird thing a, because you could imagine that you would want a machine that offers you what you want. Right? 'cause you want a ads that are targeted to you. 'cause you wanna see a bunch of ads that aren't relevant to you. Sure. Now and then, because maybe you'll learn something and content. Well, why not have a machine shovel the same sort of things that you are interested in at you.


Yes. That's a kind of curation. The problem comes, and we haven't figured this out at all technically, and probably not psychologically, the problem comes in timeframe. Right. Because there's a big difference between what you might be interested in if you were diligently striving towards a long-term goal that required conscientiousness and what's gonna attract your attention right now, this moment. Right. And the thing about the algorithms is that they maximize for short-term attention. And that's a, so basically they're ma they're actually optimizing for hedonism. Yeah. And, and then you might say, well, so what? 'cause you're getting what you want. Well, the problem with short term impulsive hedonism is it doesn't play out well over any reasonable time span.


Yeah. So that's why you have to mature, which is painful and annoying, but absolutely necessary. And much better than the alternative. The alternative is exactly what, that's Peter Pan, right? Yeah. At 30-year-old, I still haven't grown up. And yeah, I'm a little past my shelf life now too. I think people are afraid of losing fun. They think that when you grow up, you lose fun. But it's silly. It's not true. You can grow up and still have fun.


This episode is brought to you by Squarespace. Joe Rogan dot com runs on Squarespace, and if we trust it, you can be sure that it'll help you create whatever great looking website you have in mind. And it'll be quick to create too. Thanks to Squarespace AI powered design tools plus Squarespace's selling tools help you offer services, take payments and streamline bookings all in one place. Start your free trial today at Squarespace dot com. And when you're ready, go to Squarespace do.com/rogan to save 10% on your first website or domain.


This episode is brought to you by blinds.com. Alright, listen, upgrading your window treatments can totally transform your space And it can help you save on energy bills. Yeah. Blocking the heat out. Keep the cool in. But is it worth the hassle? It is with blinds.com, because they changed the game. There's no waiting around all day For a salesperson to show up, just to get a quote, blinds.com makes it easy. Just jump online and browse for yourself, or do a virtual consultation with one of their award-winning experts. And you get free samples sent to your house to check out the goods before you buy. Do it yourself. Or let blinds.com handle the measure and installation for you. You can even get all your windows measured for free. No hidden fees, just upfront pricing. Zero Bs. Now's the time to score big with spring Black Friday deals going on right now. In fact, right now they're offering my listeners an exclusive 40% off their entire order. Just go to blinds.com and use the promo code Rogan 40 at checkout. Limited time offer rules and restrictions apply.


You know, you just have to, you have to have discipline and prioritize your time. You Know, like, well that's why Christ says to people that they have to become as little children, not stay right. You have to rediscover that. Right, Right. Rediscover the joy of it. Yeah. But also, well, kids are good for that too, aren't they? Sure. 'cause they teach you that. Again, you look at the world through eyes of memory by the time you're an adult. So the world loses its freshness. That's part of the world loses its freshness. 'cause you see your memories instead of the world. Right. And then kids come along and you think, oh, oh yeah, that's really actually quite interesting. And they're so compelled by everything. 'cause their perceptions are so fresh that they share that with you.


And that can help reawaken that spirit of childhood play, let's say. Hmm. I've been thinking a lot about play in the last year or so. Yeah. Well, I spent a lot of time trying to take apart the causes of like truly pathological degeneration. Right. On the sadistic side, on the criminal side, on the totalitarian side. Very curious about tyranny. And I, I I, it was very difficult for me to conceptualize the opposite of that as cleanly as I could characterize its presence. Like what's the opposite of tyranny? It's not freedom, by the way.


It's certainly not an DIC freedom. It's not hedonistic freedom benevolence. I think it's play play. I think it's play. Right. Yeah. Well that makes sense. Well, the, the developmental psychologist, Jean Piaget, one of the things he pointed out was that play, so let's say play is the foundation of micro community, right? When you're a little kid, you, you play a game with another kid. And then if that works well, you inhabit a little dyadic community, you're both in it together. And then if it really works, you replicate that across time and that gives you a friend. But there's play is a very interesting, it's very interesting psychologically and psychobiologically, because it has to be entered involuntarily.


You can't force someone to play. And it's also motivationally fragile. So mammals have a play circuit And it can be disrupted by pretty much any other motivational or emotional circuit. So the circumstances have to be set up properly. Like the walled garden, you know, that idea, the walled garden is a place that play can take place like eternally, so to speak. Mm. And and because it has to be undertaken voluntarily, it's the opposite of tyranny. And I, like my wife and I have really started to apply this in our marriage more consciously. You know, once, once I'd figured out this relationship. 'cause I've been lecturing to people for a long time about how to conduct themselves in life so they don't become a tyrant or a handmaiden to the tyrants.


Right. A silent handmaiden to the tyrants, let's say. And aiming at play. You know, when we walked in here today, one of the things we said was, let's have some fun. You know? Yeah. And I've been thinking this this morning too, about what attitude I should take coming in to talk to you. And there isn't a better attitude. There isn't a better attitude than play. And so, and I think it is because it's the antithesis, it's the antithesis of tyranny in particular. And then you were talking more about mature play. And that's that good, you know, that also makes sense that this is the issue with the idea that adulthood isn't any fun.


It's like, well, do you wanna play a simple game or do you wanna play a really sophisticated game? Really? Well now you're, that's gonna require some discipline and some training and some maturation, but the payoff is much higher. That's good way to conceptualize marriage. The highs are higher when you're successful. Well, and and also the, the people who have the most sex now are religious married couples. Really? Yeah. I know. Isn't that funny? Which religion? It's like, yeah. Good, good question, Joe. Good question. Well, I guess in the West that would obviously be Christianity, but, but, but it's an, but it's an interesting case example of the sorts of things we're talking about. Because you can imagine at the dawn of the sexual revolution, when the birth control pill became prevalent, that the last hypothesis anyone would've possibly generated was that the cascading consequences of that over 50 years would be, well, radical increase in pornography use because sex has been made less dangerous by the pill.


And that the people who were having the most sex would be religious, married couples. Right. But is that true? Because like pornography essentially was very difficult to acquire before the birth control pill was invented. True. True. Right? You used to have to go somewhere to get the pornography isn't part of the excess use of pornography. Just the access is so instantaneous now. Oh, definitely. But you could imagine too, that you might have hypothesized that if the birth control pill took the threat out of sex, that pornography would be less necessary. But that didn't seem to work out. Right? So I it's certainly the availability is Yeah, We would never know though, because the, no, the, the birth control was when was it?


1960? 60 Something. That's really when it started somewhere around then. Yeah. When it started to, to to ramp up, let's say It's so crazy because it completely changed the dy the dynamic. Women could have sex for recreation with people that they didn't even know and not have any consequences in terms of like having to carry that person's child. Whereas that was always a giant fear. If you're a woman in the back of your head, every time you have sex, you possibly could be taking care of a child for the next 18 plus years. Yeah, yeah. Well, that every time, right? Right. Take this thing, this is a consequential thing where, where it's with a guy, it's like you have this biological imperative to spread your seed, but you're not thinking about making babies.


Right. You're thinking about sexual activity. When a guy's having sex, he's not thinking, I can't wait to make a baby. You're just thinking, boy, sex is gonna be great. I'm excited. Oh boy, that's fun. You're not thinking I'm making a kid. Because that would make you hesitant. And nature's not interested in hesitation. Nature's like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Let's just make you dumb as fuck for about 20 minutes and focus on one goal. So why did you get married? Hmm. Well, I love my wife. She wanted to get married. We had a, a child. It seemed like a good thing to do. It's like, at a certain point in time, making a baby is more of a commitment than getting married.


You made a life, you know, like the commitment of getting married seemed Right, Right. Of course. But it's also, But why did you stay committed then before the marriage, once you had a child? I just, now you said you loved Your wife. I just thing to do I love her. It's a thing to do. It's a life. And raising a child became everything. It, it becomes, it becomes a very different thing. Right. I think I have a lot of friends who don't have kids and I don't, I'm not the type of person that thinks everyone should have a kid. You know, I know a lot of people with kids that do say that. I don't think everyone should have a kid. I think you should do whatever you want. I don't know how your brain works. I assume your brain works along similar lines with me, but there's a thing that happens when you do.


It's a scary thought, Joel. Well, similar lines. Similar. I mean, we all share. Okay. Okay. Similar lines. There's an empathy that comes from having a child that's so different and an understanding that we are all babies that grew up, we all start off as these bundles of potential and genetics. And then we're influenced by so many different things. There's so many different factors. But I used to think of people as being grown up all the time. And then when I had kids I was like, oh, we're all just babies. We're all just babies that have just been alive for a long time.


You know, everyone started out as a baby And it just profoundly changed the way I interact with people. The amount of compassion I have for people, the amount of charity that I have for people, the charitable way in which I think about them when they do something or they say something. I give people the benefit of the doubt way more. And Dave Chappelle said this to me once at the comedy store And it was very profound. He said, having children didn't just change the amount of love I have. It changed my capacity for love. And I was like, Ooh, that's it. You just nailed it. You just nailed it. You know? 'cause there's, well, there's private moments when you talk to people about their children, about having children and what that's like.


It's a very psychedelic experience. That would be another reason why the family with children is the foundation of the community has to be the foundation of the community. I mean, it's kind of obvious from a biological perspective, let's say. Yeah. No children, no community. But there's no reason to assume that you wouldn't get radically better at something with necessity and practice. And if you're practicing loving your infant and your child, well, why wouldn't that generalize? Why would Sure. But that capacity develop. I, well, It's not like a practice, it's like an overwhelming desire that comes, like the love you have for your, your child is like, it's not like anything else.


It's very different. It's very, yeah. My, my friend Jim Brewer said this once, he said, when I had a child, that's when I really understood murder, Really understood. Like my capacity to defend my child is like, I never understood. Like, how could somebody kill somebody before he was like, oh, now I get it. Yeah, now I get it. And you know, that's real too. And that's also tribal, right? So it's not just your child, it's the child of everyone around you, in your child, in your tribe. And then you think that you are being invaded by an oncoming tribe. And genetics and history dictates you have to be insanely ruthless to fight off that tribe.


There's no other way for survival, which is really wild, right? Because those people have that same feeling towards their children. It's like that sting line if the Russians love their children too.


This episode is brought to you by Paleo Valley. Are you looking for a great tasting snack that is absolutely protein packed. Paleo valley's meat sticks are what you are after made with 100% grass fed beef, pasture raised chicken, pork, and venison. Paleo valley meat sticks come in nine delicious flavors, including original jalapeno and maple bacon. And unlike most meat snacks on the market, paleo valleys are naturally fermented with zero preservatives, ensuring that you get a gut friendly flavorful snack. And that has a shelf life of one year and even longer if refrigerated. They're also free from gluten, grains, soy refined sugar, dairy, GMOs and pesticides. Plus they're sourced from small regenerative American family farms, making them not only good for you, but also great for the planet. Whether you're following a carnivore, keto, or paleo diet, paleo Valley meat sticks are the perfect protein snack for you. With over 35 million sold and a 60 day, 100% money back guarantee, paleo Valley stands by their quality. Visit paleo valley.com/rogan and use the promo code Rogan to get 20% off your first order.


So that, that, that love that you talk about with regard to your wife, you know, I I I, I'd asked you, I asked you a little bit about that. It's like I've talked to people who have, they can't understand how someone could be with the same woman indefinitely. Let's say these are people who usually haven't been able to establish that within their own life. And of course, the price you pay, assuming it's a price for forgoing all others, is that, well, that, that, that's exactly it. It's a major sacrifice. And so what do you think, what role do you think that love plays? Like how do you conceptualize the relationship between that love that you described and that willingness to stay in a permanent relationship and that, and the willingness also to not pursue any other women.


How do you, how do you understand, how does that make itself manifest in your life? I mean, I, I presume that you, I'm, I presume that, you know, you had opportunities of all sorts. I Presume you do as well In principle. I suppose they don't seem to come to me in the're, professor Type character. Back in the day, guys like you would be banging their grad students, not guys like you, but guys in your position. Yeah, Yeah. Well there were guys, wasn't that always the thing? This is a fascinating aspect of academia. They seem To shut that off pretty much at the beginning, Eh? Yes. Well, they, they seem to have completely stopped that. Like if you go back to Feinman and Oppenheimer and famous, famous scientists were notoriously playboys, which is really interesting 'cause it's like these wild, innovative people who were essentially intellectual rock stars, right?


And then somehow or another that just got stopped. Like if you were a professor in the 1960s, like the, the girls would be wooing the professor. They would be excited. These 22-year-old graduate students would be so excited to be talking to this like, incredibly famous intellectual. And they all, you know, were ladies, men. Like Fineman was like famous for chasing skirts. That was like part of the thing. He does a lot of math and chases skirts, you know, that is a, a giant distraction to people that are trying to get things done in life. And it's also a distraction from your own personal development, I think.


I think you could be with the wrong person and want to be with other people and that makes sense. But really what that is, is you should not be with that person anymore. Which is unfortunately the case. Like there's a lot of guys who wind up with really hot women who are out of their fucking mind. And a lot of women who wind up with really hot men who are not what they thought they were gonna be. You know? And if you find yourself in this situation where you're this with this pathological person and you're trying to make it work, and you realize at a certain point in time, like, I'm not going to make it work like this, is, you have to be able to just like jump ship. That's why people are hesitant to get married. That's what, what really dangerous about marriage.


It's not like being with one person. You really love being with, like, I really love being with my wife. She's fun. Like, we go, we have date nights all the time. We have a lot of fun. You know, we really do. It's enjoyable. But that's not always takes did. Why did you Decide to set up date nights? How did you go about that? I mean, I know that's personal, but, and I don't want all the gory details, let's say. I know it's really simple. I, we just enjoy hanging out together. We have a lot of laughs and so we just said like, it's kind of important because I'm so fucking busy that we schedule time that's just unavoidable. Like, this is what we're doing. We're gonna do this and then we do it. Yeah. I That, that with Tammy too. Yeah. And we've done that for like 30 Years. I think most, most married couples will tell you that that's important.


Most married couples will tell you that. That's, that's kind of the secret. And it's the secret is like, It's also the best thing as well as being the secret. Yeah. Yeah. It's fun. It's fun. Like if the person that you're with is fun, that's the real problem is that sometimes people just, they pick people that are hot. That's it. You know, hot and willing and nice enough, nice enough to be around. Then you deal with all the other crazy nonsense and you're, you're setting yourself up with, I've had many friends ruin their fucking lives. And then they go through divorces. And you've said this best that one of the things that women are very good at is reputation destruction. I have seen that happen.


So imagine you are legally entangled with someone who, at one point in time you loved intimately and now that person is trying to destroy every aspect of your life and you have to pay for their lawyers. So you have to pay for the general of the army that's trying to destroy your kingdom. And I've seen this happen to many of my friends. And that is why people are afraid of marriage. That's why people are afraid of commitment. 'cause the disastrous implications of like what can happen if it goes sideways, like what can happen if you wind up hating each other? And what can happen if you just lie to yourself and you trick.


Like some of the hesitant hesitation that I had for getting married is most of my friends that got married when I was young all went through horrible divorces. When I was on news radio, Dave Foley, Steven Root and Phil Hartman were all going through it, all going through it in different levels of psychosis. Obviously Phil Hartman's being the worst 'cause his wife shot him when he was leaving her by the way, he decided to leave her. And he had tried to leave her a few times and she shot him in his sleep. And then she shot herself is a horrible, horrible story. But Steven Root went through it and they, you know, they'd confide in me.


I'd be like, oh, Jesus Christ. The amount of money these women were trying to get from them when they knew that they couldn't afford this. So what are the dirty tricks that will happen with divorce lawyers, with people that are on sitcoms is when you get on a sitcom, if you are an actor and you get on a sitcom, it is the most stable job, the greatest job in show business for a lot of them. Because you're gonna get a steady check. You're gonna do 24, maybe 26 episodes a year. You're making more money than you've ever made in your whole life. But then you get divorced. So what happens is it gets set up where your ex-wife wants a percentage of what you're making at this very unrealistic level.


Well, you're never gonna achieve this again. And for Dave Foley, it was so bad that at one point in time, I don't believe he was allowed to go back to Canada. I don't know if that's changed. But the, the judge literally told him, when he told the judge like, I don't have that kind of money anymore. I don't have the potential for earning. I was on a hit sitcom. Like right, not even hit sitcom, but I was on a sitcom And it on NBC paid a lot of money. And that was the only time I made that kind of money. The judge said to him, your obligation to pay has no relation to your ability to pay. That's Canadian judges for you. Just Insane. And you know, he's, those Are words you never, those are words you never want to hear even once in your life. I love him.


So I was going through this pain, not like he was, but just like, oh my God, oh my God. So these three people that I was very close to, and then most of the other people that I knew, you know, I knew so many people. Fortunately my mother and my stepfather have a great relationship and they have for a long time. So I had that modeled. Like they were always very close and they didn't fight, which is really nice. It was really nice to have that as a model, you know, like where I realized, okay, it's not, everybody's not at each other's throats all the time. And some people actually do enjoy spending time together. You know, Tammy and I, on, on the tour, she started to introduce me two years ago and to talk about some of the things we're doing in the family, some of our family business, talk about Peterson Academy, talk about essay.


And so she'd go out on the stage and Was that the first time she had ever gone on stage in front of you do enormous crowds? Yeah. Well, so, so first of all, she did that and then we replaced the, the business discussion. 'cause we were just doing an update about the family, you know, and so she'd do that. We replaced that with ads and then she started to talk, she, she talked about the rules say, and 12 rules for life or some of the religious things I've been dealing with lately. And she'd relate that to something in her own life. And then she does the q and a at the end of the lecture. And, and part of that was just, she was along with me and part of that was Mikayla was introducing me for a while and then had to go back to her work. And so we slotted Tammy in because it seemed like a good business decision.


But one of the things we figured out very quickly that was really a shock to us was that people really liked, especially the q and As when, because what people will offer their questions electronically on this platform called Slido, which is a very good platform for such things. And then Tammy would, they could up vote the questions and then Tammy would sort them and ask me questions kind of from the top down that were thematically relevant to the lecture that I had given. But we found very quickly that people really liked that because they hadn't seen a couple engage in civilized discussion ever.


Seriously. Like It was really, yeah, there was a lot of that out there. It was really shocking, Joe. Like, you know, I was shocked when I first started touring by how demoralized people were like that really, that was really striking and painful to see that on such a mass scale. And then also to see how little encouragement it took to have a really major effect. I mean, there's a positive aspect to that too, but there's also a tragic aspect. It's like, you mean you just need to have some encouragement and that was enough and you never got that. Like even once, that's rough when you see that in thousands of people. Right? And it was the same thing. We found it was the same thing with regards to seeing a functional couple, at least even that model.


Because you know, Tammy asks me questions and she thinks about the questions and then sometimes she comments, but not that much. But she actually listens to the answers and she wants to hear the answer. Right? And so, and that dynamic is being played out on stage and people found that very heartening and Well, that shows you, well you said you know yourself, and this is why I brought it up, because you had the example from your, from your stepfather and your mom Yeah. Of this long-term relationship that worked. I mean, how the hell do you orient yourself if you Right, if you haven't seen that anywhere, Right? You, and then you are, you consider relationships just like all the bad ones. And like you're gonna be burdened and locked into that.


Did you ever see that video where Alec Baldwin and his wife are on the cam on red carpet and they're being interviewed and they're asking them questions and the wife starts talking and Alex chimes in about something and she said, you're not talking, I'm talking when I'm talking. You're not talking on camera and you watch this. You're like, yo, that's what everyone's scared of, right? That's what every Right, definitely you wanna talk That competition, tyranny, The tyranny of being trapped in a relationship like that is like ah. And sometimes one person is so overbearing that the other person just sort of submits to it, right?


And then you just like, I don't even wanna, I don't wanna fight. I don't wanna deal with this. Yeah, I don't wanna deal with this. And so then you're just trapped and this person's insulting you and humiliating you publicly. That was the case with Phil Hartman. I got to see that we would all go, like, we went to a party once, and I remember she was talking about ex-boyfriends that she loves pickup trucks. 'cause her ex-boyfriends had pickup trucks and they would climb into the back of these pickup trucks. And I was like, what the fuck? But she was doing it on purpose to like make him squirm and make him uncomfortable. And she would say things like, talk about how he's old. Oh he's old. He doesn't, you know, he doesn't like to do anything. And it was just, it was just public humiliation in front of friends.


Do you, where you're in this like arena where you, he can't say anything. Yeah. He can't just go, what the fuck are you talking about? Like, why are you talking to me like that? Like why are we doing this? He can't do that because he's public and he's out with us. Maybe he should Do it anyways. Probably should do it anyways. Yeah, probably. But we're all out And you know, Phil was all about like appearances. How, right, right, right. One of the things that he was afraid of with getting married was that he was just starting to break into films. And a lot of the films that he was doing were very like family friendly films. And it was, it helped that he was a family man, you know, if he was right. So he Had, he had an act he had to sustain too. He had an image. Right. And this was critical in Hollywood.


Like they had ideas of who you were. Okay, you're a family man. Okay, good, good, good. And you're the, so if you have this radical change in your life where no longer are you a family man, and if you wanna be honest about it and you wanna say, I, I was in a toxic relationship and some of it was me and some of it was her, and this is what happened. Like, whoa, now you're opening up the world to this big can of worms. Better to keep that can sealed.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats Summer is almost here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered Catamaran. That's a no lemon meringue. That's a yes. A day in the sun. No, a bottle of rum. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely help you out with that. Get almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You must be legal drinking age. Please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by Region C app for details.


This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. Sometimes speed is a huge asset, like in the ring or on the field. Being quicker than your opponent could be the difference between winning and losing in the world of business. It could be the difference between finding or missing out on your next great hire. Luckily, You can speed up the hiring process with ZipRecruiter. Their new zip intro feature can help you meet several interested qualified candidates at once, kind of like speed dating. And right now You can try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro works fast to find the people you need. You can literally post your job today and start talking to candidates in back to back calls tomorrow. It's that fast. And best of all, this feature does a lot of the legwork for you. It finds you top talent for your role and schedules those calls. All you need to do is pick a time, enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with zip intro only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro post jobs today. Talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


Yeah, well it's generally better not to have your, your fights in public. And it's certainly better, you know, I mean, I've been thinking about this commandment to honor your mother and father and I've been thinking about what that means. I read this book called Angela's Ashes by Frank McCort. And Frank had a really alcoholic father, like, like an Irish alcoholic father back in the good time forties. Oh yeah. And he drank every scent the family had. And they, they lived in terrible poverty was scary disease. His sister died and like, it was rough, but he said his father was often sober in the morning. And it, and he established a relationship with like good morning sober father and kind of put alcoholic drunken nighttime father in a different bin.


And he could, he could get the benefit of having a father in consequence of that. And that honoring, that's also something that you wanna do within a marriage, right? Because your wife is your friend and your lover, but she's also your wife and, and you're her husband. And that means that a part of keeping that marriage working is honor. And part of the honor is that you don't do that sort of thing in public, right? You don't humiliate each other And that's, that's, you don't fight in public. Well that's also in some ways, independent in a way. It's independent of who your wife or husband is. It's like, you know, You can imagine two people fighting in public and one of them, or both of them really deserving to have that fight as people.


But then to keep the marriage intact, you have to remember, well this is my wife. She's not just my friend. She's not just someone I know, she's my wife and we shouldn't be doing primate dominance, hierarchy, maneuvering in public. We shouldn't be competing for power because that's gonna destroy the marriage. Yeah. And so that's, that, that's part of that honoring, I think is to, to remember the role and to keep it well sacred is re right sacrosanct. I Think. Here's another one. Don't ever insult each other. Even though you want to, like you, you wanna like be mean sometimes. Like people get mean to you. You wanna be mean back. I don't do that with my friends.


So I don't do that with anyone else. I don't wanna do that. That's why I don't do it online. I don't get involved in these like hissy pissy fits. Yeah. Online. Particularly on Twitter. I just don't think the prime place for such things. That's all it is. First of all. Again, as someone who looks at everyone like a child or like a baby, I, I don't, I'm not angry that people do that. I understand the appeal of it. If I was 15 and Twitter was around, I would be tweeting at every fucking celebrity saying, you're a loser. Jump in front of a bus. I would say things just to try to get a reaction out of them. I think a lot of kids do.


I think a lot of people don't feel like they have a voice. And one way to be heard is to be insulting. And one way to hurt is to be negative. If you look at the majority of discourse on social media in regards to hot button issues, it's disrespectful. It's contentious, it's shitty and insulting. And I've decided like over time in my life, do not do that. I don't wanna do that. I'm not interested, I'm not interested in that. I'm not interested in that kind of conflict. Like I see real conflict all the time as a an MMA commentator, you know, I see the most violent legal conflict other than war all the time.


It's a, that's conflict. That's like real conflict and resolution And you know, purposeful, agreed upon conflict. Like regular, like back and forth and salt. Wouldn't it be better to figure out what you agree and disagree on and why? And, and talk. Hmm. Like why can't we all figure out how to do that? That should be a discipline. You learn at an early age, most of the issues that people have. If the person comes at you insulting and aggressive, either that person is ignorant or they're playing a game. Okay. And the game is to get your emotions up, to get you reactive and to be reacting to them instead of acting.


The game is like if someone's hyper aggressive in a fight, the game is to put you on the defensive so that they don't like the best defense is a good offense. You learn that early on in fighting. So you learn that you can be very offensive and then the person never has a chance to get their game going. That's the case with conversations too. So this is like, there's a gamesmanship to this kind of communication where it's not just communicating, it's communicating, but it's essentially intellectual. One upsmanship and sparring. You're sparring, you're scoring points, you're trying to dunk on each other. And I get that. I've done that before.


I've engaged in it. It's never satisfying. It always feels gross. Even if you win. It's gross. Like I said this before, like even like publicly things that I've, I felt like I had to do like the Carlos Mencia conflict that I had way back in 2007 where accused him of stealing material And it became this viral video and then a bunch of other comedians jumped in and we all agreed there was a real problem. It was a real problem. 'cause he was very famous and he was being protected by these agencies who were profiting off of him being famous. And they didn't want that train to stop. I still to this day wonder if I would ever do that again. Because the negativity that came my way from people that were fans of his was so, it's so overwhelming if you're paying attention to it.


It's like, what did I open up? Like, ugh. Even though I knew it was necessary. Like what? And that is also why people are negative. 'cause they want, they wanna stop you from engaging in conflict that's gonna hurt them. You know? So they try to hurt you as much as possible. So you're like hesitant to do it. I don't wanna wade into those waters. Ooh. It's dangerous. Filled with sharks. Well, you could imagine maybe, I think, and I think this is worth delving into, in, in some depth you can imagine that there are, there's various ways of attaining status renowned reputation. Status isn't exactly the right word, because reputation is better.


'cause you can have a reputation that you deserve. Right? And so people do work for reputation and all things considered. That's a good thing. Earned reputation is the best Earned reputation. Yeah. Earned reputation, earned valid reputation. ORs unique. Whether Jordan, that guy, that's a unique human being and that's a real reputation. Right? Right. Okay. So That's what people want. Right? Right. And and it's also, there isn't anything more valuable that you can have than that. Not even close. This is why, by the way, this is very cool. It's a bit of an aside, but it makes, it's worth bringing up in the gospels. Christ tells people to store up treasure in heaven where it doesn't rust, where the thieves can't steal it.


That's reputational treasure. Right. So if you, so the idea is that if you conduct yourself impeccably, you'll develop a storehouse of reputation that will withstand all catastrophe. Nothing can nothing. There's no place you can put your wealth that's more effective than that. It's the least relatable place. And that's right. It's, it's right. Right. And so, but the problem is, and this is a really tricky problem and you're touching on it, is that the reputation game can be gamed. Okay? So when your reputation rise rises, your serotonin levels rise. And that makes you less sensitive to negative emotion and more sensitive to positive emotion.


So that's a really good deal. Hmm. And what that also means is that there's a high psychological benefit to status increase, reputational increase, and a real cost to reputational decrease. So that's partly why people don't like losing face, for example. Right. 'cause their emotions dysregulate. Okay. So now the best way to play that game is to establish a genuine reputation. And the best way to do that, you've done this by the way, I figured out this year on my lectures that I'm always trying to answer a question on stage. So that's a quest. And I'm bringing the audience along on a quest. And it's a real quest because I'm actually trying to figure something out. And I do that in real time.


And that's a very different game. That's a very different conversational game than the status battle game. Yes. Right? Because I could come on here, I don't know if it would work, but I could come on here and I could try to show that I was smarter than Joe Rogan. Now I've watched you and that's a very difficult thing to pull off. But hypothetically, that could be my aim. And I could play gotcha questions and I could lead you into places. Well, the problem problem, the problem is that wouldn't work because I'm willing to accept that you're smarter than me, first of all. Like I talk to a lot of people that are smarter than me. And I like it. It's enjoyable. I don't ever feel uncomfortable talking to people that are smarter than me. Yeah. I want to know some things that they can tell me on certain things.


I want to educate myself. I want to be, I want to see how their mind works. I wanna be blown away. I don't want to compete with them intellectually. There's times in my life where I would have fallen into that trap. Yeah. I think it's, well, I think that's What keep a trap. Well I think that's also what's made you popular and a force for good is that you are on a quest. And that quest, the consequence of that quest, if undertaken properly, is reputational enhancement. And people who can't or won't do that, they default power games. And the part of the, and that's a ver that's, that's the default to power. Right. But it's worsened with social media.


Absolutely. 'cause if you're, if, if, if you meet someone and they're playing a power game with you, you can just decide not to have anything to do with them anymore. Or You can put a stop to it if you need to. But on social media you can't because they're distant from you and they're often also anonymous. And so they can play power games to enhance their reputational status falsely with no consequences. And the social media's rife with that. And it's really a problem. Like I think that virtualization has enabled the psychopaths Without a doubt. Yeah. Well, Without a doubt That's a terrible thing because the psychopathic types, they're always the death of everything. Like I'm seeing this come up on the right now.


So imagine, imagine this. I've been working on a new, a new theory of political psychopathology and I like it quite a lot. Is this where the term, the woke right, comes in? Yeah. Well Lindsay is pointing at that, but he hasn't got, he hasn't got the diagnosis exactly right. He So it isn't woke. That's not the issue. It's not exactly. He's one Level I think they're talking about is like similar types of behavior. He is Talking about that. Yeah. No, what Hess point, I just woke just lets you clarify in your head. Oh, it's like that. Yeah. But the problem is It's like Antifa. Yeah. Ex. Absolutely. But the problem is, is that that argument is predicated on the claim that the ideas are the problem. Like the woke ideas, for example, on the right or the left.


But that's not the problem. The problem is that four to 5% of the population, something like that, is cluster B. That's the DSM five terms. Histrionic narcissistic, antisocial, psychopathic. Or they have, and they have dark tetrad traits. They're Machiavellian, they're sadistic. That's about 4%. Okay. So the question is, how do these people maneuver? And the answer is they go to where the power is and they adopt those ideas and they put themselves even on the forefront of that. Right. But the ideas are completely irrelevant. Right. All they're doing is they're the Pharisees, they're the modern version of the Pharisees. They're the people who use God's name in vain.


Right. As they proclaim moral virtue. Yes. Doesn't matter whether it's right or left or Christian or Jewish or Islam. They invade the idea space. And then they use that, those ideas as false weapons to advance their narcissistic advantage. Yes. And so then you have the problem and the right's gonna face this more and more particularly, 'cause the left had to face it when they were in powers. Yes. How do you identify the psychopathic parasites? 4% of the population who are clothed in your clothing. Right. And waving your flags. Right. But who are, who are only in it for narcissistic benefit. You know, the people who studied the dark triad, these were people who originally studied psychopaths and they moved into ordinary personality, so to speak.


On the fringes. It showed that the non-criminal psychopaths, so the fringe cases are Machiavellian, they use their language to manipulate. They're narcissistic, they want unearned reputation. That's what a narcissist wants. And they're psychopathic, which makes them predators or parasites. Okay. That's pretty bad. Those three things. But they had to expand the nomenclature after a while because they found that they were also sadistic. Which implied that if you're machiavellian and narcissistic and psychopathic, you develop a sufficiently bad view of your fellow man that their undeserved pain is a source of pleasure to you.


And that's, that's what's being enabled online. Yes. Like see, because we've evolved real specific mechanisms to keep such things under control in face-to-face interaction. Lack of anonymity, for example, within a community, psychopaths in the real world, they wander, they have to move from place to place. 'cause people figure out who they are. And they're held responsible. They're particularly held responsible by men. But online, they escape from that. They escape from that protective, they escape from that system of constraints. And they have free reign. And they can find other people like them very rapidly and they can gang together. And so this is like, I can really see this starting to happen on the right.


Like I've been tracking psychopathic behavior on the right for probably four years. Something like that. Especially on the antisemitic side, because that's really where it reared its head first. And Why is that? There's nothing more annoying than a successful minority right now. That's part of it. And I, I'm going to here, I might as well get myself in trouble right away too. Yeah, for sure. Well This is a third rail Subject. Well, so yeah. It's a, yeah, it's a real terrible subject. It's Interesting 'cause if you don't criticize it enough, you're compromised If you, if you criticize, you know, it's like when it comes to antisemitism, like it's one of those things where you can't separate a, a, it's, it's a religion and it's also a race and it's also a government.


That's where things get weird. Right, right. And, and then there's also the concept of intelligence agencies and compromise that also gets attached to it. The manipulation of world markets and money. And there's a lot to unpack. And then there's regular Jewish people have nothing to do with that. Well, The Jews too are, they're very successful. Yeah. And so what you would expect from a purely statistical point of view is you'd expect them to be overrepresented at the extremes. They're also a walled garden. Right? Meaning, Meaning it's very difficult to join. They don't proselytize, they don't try to get you to join. And they're all very tightly knit. They call themselves the clan. They're all like locked in the clan. You know, Jewish clan not, not KK, K.


The problem with that term has been compromised by the Ku Klux clan you know, but I mean it as terms of tribe Or community. Yeah, community. They're very tight knit in that regard. You know, they stick together. If you understand the history, obviously of Nazi Germany and of persecution in Eastern Europe, like Yeah, you have to. Yeah, of course. Yeah. Well, all these complex things are multidimensional. I mean, you're, you're, I, I watched your whole conversation with Douglas, and I thought you guys did a very credible job, all three of you, of navigating unbelievably choppy water. So that's the first thing I'd like to say, because one of the things I was trying to figure out when I was watching that is, do I think I could have done a better job of any than of any of you?


And I certainly didn't walk away from it with that idea in mind. But then underneath all that, I thought there's really a, there's a really unbelievably tricky problem here, and I think that's why it's made, it, it, it poked up into, well, you also set that conversation up, but it, it poked up and made itself manifest in that conversation. And the issue is how do you identify?


This Episode is brought to you by Simply Safe. We've all got our daily rituals. Like in the mornings you might grab some coffee, do some exercise, eat a bowl of cereal, and then head off to work. It's nice having a routine you can go back to again and again. You might even find it comforting, but You know what can bring you even more peace of mind. SimpliSafe, they have some of the best home security systems out there. And I'm not just saying that the CNET named SimpliSafe the best home security system of 2025, their systems are topnotch. I think part of that is because SimpliSafe gets the job done fast. They work to prevent break-ins before they happen. Using AI powered cameras and live professional monitoring agents, they can keep a close eye on your property. And if they detect any suspicious activity, they take action. Whether it's activating spotlights, talking to intruders in real time, or contacting the police, simply safe gets it done. It's also nice to know there's no bullshit with these guys. There's no long-term contracts or cancellation fees. SimpliSafe even has a 60 day satisfaction guarantee or your money back. Make SimpliSafe a part of your daily routine. Get 50% off your new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and your first month free at simplisafe.com/rogan. That's simplisafe.com/rogan for 50% off and your first month free. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


This episode is brought to you by Amazon. MGM studio's, new movie The Accountant, two in theaters April 25th, Ben Affleck and John Bernthal are back in the accountant. Two, when an old acquaintance gets murdered, he leaves behind a cryptic message that leads straight to Christian Wolf, the uniquely skilled accountant to figure out who's behind it to solve this thing. He will need to team up with his estranged and seriously lethal brother Brax. It's got crazy action, but it's also hilarious. The relationship between the brothers is something anyone with a sibling can relate to. And trust me, this is an all rated action thriller that you gotta experience on the big screen. The accountant two only in theaters, April 25th, check out the accountant two movie.com to learn more. I


The psychopathic pretenders, and it's even worse now. And, and then make a barrier. Right, right, right now, the right was calling for the left to do that for decades. Right. And they didn't. And they couldn't. And the left is not good at drawing barriers. Partly temperamentally the right is somewhat better, but there's no shortage of monstrosity there. And, and so then the question is how do you, how do you draw the line? And that's kind of what I was, 'cause I've been watching these right wing, they're not right wing. These psychopathic types manipulate the edge of the conservative movement for their own gain. Right. And a lot of that's cloaked in antisemitic, guys. There's plenty of antisemitism on the left too, by the way.


So it's not unique to the right. Well, particularly now. Yes, Yes, yes. Particularly now. Right. And so, you know, you've let your curiosity guide you, your curiosity and your desire for knowledge. This quest, you've, you've let that guide you as a podcaster. And I'm, by the way, I'm trying to work through exactly the same sort of thing. How do you know, given your rap radical increase in stature over the last 10 years, how do you know when your curiosity and even your skepticism about the fact that things aren't the way that people say they are, because that's certainly been demonstrated in the last 10 years. How do you, how should anyone decide what guardrails to put up?


Like what do you look for? Do you, do you, do you have a, a conceptual system worked out for that? Like, Because in what, what, what do you mean in what way? Well, How do I look for in terms of people to talk to? How do I look for subjects to talk? Yeah. Because you have this insanely immense platform. Yeah. And you're inviting people onto it. And you know, you said to Douglas, and I know this to be true, that you're not really thinking about the outcome. Exactly. You're thinking about this is an interesting person to talk to. Yes. And I'd like to go on that quest, but then you have the additional conundrum. We're trying to work this out in the daily wire side of things too. Not to say that that's exactly the same situation. It's like once you gain in reach and authority, then how do you know that, how do you take great care that the people you're talking to aren't, what would you say eliciting or feeding a subculture.


Yeah, that's right. That, that hasn't got the proper aims. Like I guess the legacy media probably worked that out by having people, mediators. Right. And guests. And that was also back when we could rely on the structures of authority in some sense to filter. And now we're in this helter skelter world where everything is, the Legacy media is the worst at that Now. Yeah, I know. They're the worst. I know. Which is fascinating. You know, it really is. It's really fascinating when you lose faith in a New York Times piece. You know, it's like you, you go like, well, this is bullshit.


Yeah, I know. I know this. I know what they're doing. Yeah, I know. They're just, this is editorial bullshit. And that didn't used to be the case, I don't think. No, it didn't. But then I go back to like what I learned about the Woodward Bernstein Nixon thing at Watergate. That was all essentially an intelligence operation. Have you ever looked into that? Who's some Bill Murray on the podcast. And Bill Murray said one of the wildest things he read the first five pages of Bob Bob Woodward's biography on John Belushi Wired. He read the first five pages. He's like, he goes, oh my God, they framed Nixon. Oh Really? Oh wow. Isn't that crazy? Mm, Yeah. No kidding. He's like, what they wrote about my friend was so not true.


It was so wildly off. He said, John Belushi was a lightweight. John Belu should have a couple of drinks and he'd be fucked up. He wasn't like a big partier that time he did that. Speedball is probably the only time he ever did it in his life. But Woodward had him painted as this maniacal off the rails, just drug out old monster. And he knew that to not be true. He was very close to Belushi for a long time. And so he was like, oh my God. They framed Nixon. And then when I told him the whole story, You know what Tucker Carlson had told me about Woodward being an intelligence asset. And then that was his first job ever as a journalist, was Watergate. And that there's FBI guys that were involved in it. And the break in, and the whole thing was tried.


They tried to get Nixon out there, the most popular president in the history of the country in terms of the vote. And they were successful. They got him out of there. And it's probably be, or likely, because Nixon was very concerned with who killed Kennedy. And he wanted to find out, and he wanted to get that information out. And apparently he had been talking about it. I know who did it. And he was, you know, he didn't want it happening to him, obviously. And he knew it could, if you're a president, you know, a couple of guys ago, you know, just most, one of the most popular presidents, at least posthumously popular presidents, I know he was very polarizing while he was in office, but was shot in the head in the middle of Dallas.


And you think that the government might have had something to do with it, like that could, that could fuck with your head, obviously, you Know? Yeah. Well, there, and there's many things like that. I mean, you saw the government website that came up two days ago about Covid. Yes. Okay. Wild, wild to see that. Yeah. That's wild. That's for sure. What are you supposed to do with that? All The things that have would've gotten you fired. If you were a professor and you said them four years ago, you would've 100% got fired for espousing any of these ideas that turned out to be true. You would've gotten kicked off of YouTube. You would've gotten, you know, there was a lot, there was a lot going on there, you know, which is like, I feel so fortunate that right at the height of Covid was also when I had gone over to Spotify.


Spotify is a Swedish company. They're, it's different. They're different. They don't, they're much more rational. And they're not overwhelmed by this identity politics shit. And they, they were aren't overwhelmed by our weird political binary system of good guy, bad guy, depending on which side you're on. And they were like, what are you talking about? Like, this is, we don't, we don't censor our rappers. The reeds also didn't lock down. Yes. They didn't lock down. Right. They were also like, we don't censor our rappers. Right? Like, we don't tell the, like the rap lyrics. Some of my favorite rap lyrics are horrendous, but it's just like my di my favorite movies are Tarantino movies.


The dialogue is horrendous. It doesn't mean that these are horrendous people that are putting together this. Tarantino's a wonderful guy. He's fun to be around. He's great. I've had dinner with him, brought him to the comedy club. He's great. He's not a bad person, but he is an artist and he's creating this thing, and this thing is gonna show you aspects of humanity that, you know, to be true, but are horrific. That's the same with rap lyrics. It's the same with a lot of things. And Spotify's position was, we're not censoring. That's not what we're in the business of. Like promoting art. Like we sell art and we're not interested in censoring art essentially.


And turns out, luckily we were all right. We were all correct, you know, and now the government shows it on their fucking website, which is crazy. Have you seen it, Jamie? Yeah. Pull it up. 'cause it's bananas And it, well, And it, look at this lab leak Truck. I know, I know, I know. By the way, you know, I, I know that he would bring up the vaccines when he was on his rallies and people would boo when he was on the campaign trail and people would boo. And I, I think he was like confused by that. I think he was a little, I don't wanna say he's out of touch, but there's too many things for him to be thinking about, for him to be paying attention to what people really think about the vaccines and vaccine injuries and mandates and just the psychological warfare that was played on the American people.


You remember that very famous White House post that they made for the vaccinated. You've done your job for the unvaccinated, you're looking forward to a winter of severe illness and death, and the hospitals that you will overwhelm. Like that was the White House telling you something when it was in Omicron by that point, which was like a cold, like it was crazy. The deaths had dropped off radically. But they were so in bed with the pharmaceutical companies that they were like, you gotta do it. You gotta get vaccinated. And if you don't, you're, you're looking forward to death and severe illness. Like imagine this is, you're not basing this on real statistics.


You're not basing this on science. You're just basing this on this control, this fear element that you're trying to impose upon people. So, okay. So that's, that's an interesting point there too. That issue of control and fear. You know, I started this, I I was part of a group that started this organization in the UK called The Alliance for Responsible Citizenship. We had our second convention in November, which went very nicely, by the way. So You're doing like a positive counter to the World Economic Forum. Yeah. Well, we have some rules. And one rule is you don't use force or fear. Right. Use invitation. So can I tell you a story about that? Please do. Please do.


Okay. So I've been touring about this new book of mine, right? We, We Who Wrestle with God and it's, I've been lecturing about lots of the things I know, but I've been using biblical stories mostly to provide an analytical frame. 'cause that's what stories do. They provide a frame. And there's a great story in the continuing exodus story, the story of Moses and the Israelites, where Moses has led the, his people away from the tyrant and away from their own slavery. 'cause the, there's a dynamic in that story between those two things. No tyrants without slaves, or you might say no tyrants without willing slaves.


And so the Israelites have to get away from the tyrant. But then it's across the red Sea of chaos and blood and into the desert for 40 years. You don't escape from the tyrant if you're a slave without paying a price. And maybe for three generations it's rough. So Moses is trying to get these people to stop being slaves and to take responsibility so they don't need a tyrant. And so he's kind of got there and they're on the edge of the promised land. Right? And so they're almost at the end of their voyage and they run outta water. They're still in the desert. They run outta water and they get all whiny and bitchy about the fact that they had to go across the desert. And it was way better under the tyrant.


And that Moses is nothing but a corrupt patriarch. And he's only power mad. And they foment some rebellion. And anyways, it's, it's a pretty ugly situation. And the Israelites go to Moses and they say, look, we're really starving. We're, we're thirsting for water. We're gonna die. Do you think you can have a chat with God? See if he'll do something about this. And God tells Moses to go to some rocks in the desert and to ask them to bring water forth. And so he goes with his people to these rocks. And instead of asking, he takes this staff of his, the staff is a really important thing. It's like your staff, if you have an organization, same derivation, but it's also the magic wand of Gandalf.


It's the flag you plant in new territory. It's the tree of life. It's the living tradition that has a spirit inside it. And that's a serpent. And that's the serpent that's eats all the serpents of the Egyptian tyrants, magic magicians. That's the staff. It's as rod of his authority. And he, instead of asking the rocks, he hits them twice with the, with the staff. So he forces them and God tells them that in consequence of that, number one, he's going to die. And number two, he's not going to get to the promised land. Right, right, right. So there's this insistence.


It's really interesting. Well, it's a crucial insistence. And it's very important in this time, I think, to, to understand what this means. So Moses is a leader. He's the archetypal leader. And he realizes his responsibility in the encounter with the burning bush, which is something that attracts his attention, that he takes with great seriousness. And that transforms him. And so then he becomes the leader who stands up against the tyrant and frees the slaves and takes them through chaos into the desert. And his temptation as leader is to use force. So when he's a young man, for example, he kills a Egyptian aristocrat who was tormenting a Hebrew slave. And that's why he has to leave Egypt. He's tempted by power 'cause he's a leader.


And then at the end, even though he's done all these things, he's, he's been an upstanding man and done, gone beyond his call of duty. And he's right at the point where he attains victory, right. To enter the promised land. And he uses force once when God tells him to use invitation to use his words, the logos, to use words to use invitation. And that's enough so that he's, he's dead. So is his brother Aaron. That's his political arm. And he doesn't enter the promised land. And then in the gospels, of course, Christ foregoes power altogether, the temptation in the desert, one of the three temptations is the temptation for use of power. So one of the things that maybe we could conclude from all this, given the context of what you said, is that You can tell the tyrants they use fear and compulsion and they don't use invitation.


So one of the rules we put together for arc was invitation only play. We're gonna do this playfully. Yeah. And we're not going to use force or fear ever. You have to use invitation. So I, I dunno what you think about that is a distinguish, imagine it's a distinguishing, it's the distinguishing characteristic between the wannabe tyrants and the true leaders. The true leaders say, here's an offer. Would you accept this of your own free will? And the tyrants say the apocalypse is coming and everything. And we, we are allowed to do everything to forestall it. Right. Right. Including control you and everything that you do. That's the problem.


Yeah. Right. And that's how they get people to fall in line. They fall in line through fear. Yeah. Yeah. Well, fear and force, it's like also, you know, you have to do this because the apocalypse is looming. Which is always in a way True. Always. There's always, well, there's an always an apocalypse of one form or another looming. The question is, what do you do about it? Well, and Terrify people and compel them, depending. You live anywhere in the world right now. Right. You, you might be experiencing the apocalypse right now if you live in Gaza. Yeah. You might be experiencing the apocalypse right now, if you're in Yemen, if you're a Houthis. Right. The the end of the world is always coming. Right. And for you, for me, for, for everybody.


Yeah. Right. So, so you can always look into the future and conjure up on apocalyptic scenario. And maybe even that in itself isn't a sin, although I think it is. There's another, but if you yet then turn to fear and compulsion as your means of governance, then you're tyrant. Right. I don't care what your excuse is. Exactly. It has to be invitational. That's when it gets scary when you see governments telling people that they have to fall in line, or these are horrible consequences for you not agreeing to what we're saying. Yeah. Yeah. And then if you don't do this, you're a part of the problem. Right. Exactly. Well, and if the apocalypse that's generated in that way is of sufficient magnitude, there's no limit to the amount of power that can be exerted.


Right. Because obviously the rationale is there. They have To do it. Right. This is the rationale to stop Trump. Right. You're trying to stop Hitler. Right, right. Well, No matter what, circum the first amendment, use the law, use the Lawfare, use Whatever. Yeah. Use whatever. This is one of the things that worries me about Canada at the moment. You know, I know when we talked a couple of weeks ago, I expressed my concern about what was happening in Canada. Yeah. Doesn't look good. Well, I read Carney's book values, I read it twice. And I understood it. And Carney says in that book, well, he says he's, he's an advocate of centralized planning. ESG, he was a huge ESG advocate.


He organized many large corporations to go down this central planning governance route because the market wasn't pricing everything properly. And so central planners had to step in. And BlackRock and Vanguard and places like that were big parts of that. Don't know if they were directly affected by Kearney, but it's the same thing. And they've stepped away from that. And he's a big DEI advocate, and he's also a net zero advocate. And Kearney says in his book, this is a good example of this. And I think also a good example of this kind of narcissism that we talked about earlier. Every single financial decision that every individual or organization makes has to prioritize decarbonization above all else or else.


And there will be many, he doesn't say casualties, but he implies that there'll be many, there'll be many who pay a price along the way, but it's necessary, you know? 'cause you can't make an omelet without breaking a few eggs. And then he says 75% of the world's fossil fuels have to stay in the ground. And this is who Canadians are seriously thinking about electing. Right. Why? Why does he say the fossil fuels have to stay in the ground Too much carbon? You know, you know, the real problem with that is the same problem with the covid narrative is that they don't allow any descent, they don't allow any data that conflicts with the narrative. And they don't want to look at any possible, like both of them are complicated.


They're not similar in a lot, but there are, because they're top down tyrannical tools Using fear and compulsion. Yeah. So they didn in, during the covid times, nobody wanted to look at any alternative treatments. They didn't wanna look at health, metabolic health. They didn't wanna look at any factors other than vaccination and compliance with carbon. No one wants to look at, I'm sure you saw that Washington Post study of the last, was it 50 million years? The graph that shows the temperature of Earth? Have you seen it? Mm. We're in a Cooley period. And that was always what, I mean, during the 1970s, Leonard Nemoy, when he had that in search of show, one of the things that they covered was that we are at the verge of an ice age and how terrifying an ice age is.


Yeah. Well, the, the conclusion you draw about climate and carbon dioxide is entirely dependent on where you put the origin point of your graph. So if you go back 150 years ago, carbon dioxide is increased. If you go back 500 million years ago, which is quite a lot longer, we're in a drought, like a serious carbon dioxide drought. Right. And also carbon dioxide is the fuel of plants. Yes. They, it turns out that they like it. Well, you know, the glo you know, the global green greening data. Well, when, when, Yeah. Say it because so people know it. Well, You know, one of the things I learned as a scientist was that there's usually an explanation or two that accounts for a phenomenon.


So completely that almost everything else is noise. Like the Maha movement make America healthy again. The fundamental issue is insulin resistance. Like that's the fundamental plague of, say, north America. And everything else is noise. It's not unimportant noise. But insulin resistance is the major contributor on the climate side. When I look at the data, the thing that leaps out for me is greening. It's like the planet is 20% greener than it was 30 years ago. Okay. 20%. This is NASA data. I'm not inventing this. Right. Okay. And then the next question, you think, oh, 20%, if 20% of the plants had vanished, you'd be sure we'd heard about that.


Yes. Okay. So, and the agricultural outputs got up 13%. Now, whether all that additional carbon dioxide is a function of human activity, that's still debatable. It doesn't matter. There is an association between the carbon dioxide res rise and the plant propagation. Okay. It's, it's, it's even more particular than that because a lot of the greening has occurred in semi arid areas. So areas around deserts. And the reason for that is that if there's more carbon dioxide, the plants can close their breathing pores more, and they don't lose water. And so not only is there 20% more vegetation, which is a lot, I think it's twice the area of the United States.


That's greened, that's a lot of greed. And where our agricultural production is more effective, and the places that have greened were the very places that the deserts were supposed to expand into. Mm. And so, right. 'cause they've greened, they've shrunk, not grown right Now, you know, you could say, well that rate of change has its problems And you know, rates of change have their problems. But I don't see another data point that's anywhere near as stunning as that. I Think it's a really important point where you said that if we lost 20% of the plans, oh my god, people would Be freaking out. Oh my god. Well, And it rightly so. Rightly so. But yet it's not even discussed. Because again, it's one of those things that invades the narrative.


Right. It's one of those pesky facts. Those pesky truths that gets in the way of the thing that you're saying. Well, the apocalypse is coming. Yeah. Well that's the thing about the narrative is like, okay, so now we talked about the psychopaths who manipulate belief systems for their own advantage. Right? The people who use God's name in vain, the Pharisees who want to dress in religious clothing and obtain status and consequence, they're Christ's number one enemies in the gospels. By the way, those people, they're the ones who conspire to crucify him. Right. The religious pretenders. Right. So this has been going on for a very long period of time. So the climate apocalypse narrative is perfectly situated to, what would you say to, to serve the perspec?


To serve the purposes of the narcissists, the machiavellians, the psychopaths, and the sadist. Because it's a infinitely expanding existential threat that can be used as an excuse for anything. Yes. Right. And it also provides a perfect cloak for any amount of power maneuvering. It's like, I wanna make your shower heads put out a needle spray so that you're cold all the time while you have a shower, while you're doing something you do every day. That could otherwise be highly enjoyable. Why do I get to invade your life to that degree? Well, because the planet's at stake, Joe. And who are you to privilege your shower comfort?


Something that trivial over the fate of the entire planet? Well, you can use that argument at every single level. You know, Trump came out with this executive statement just a few days ago about shower heads and everybody kinda laughed about that. And I thought, no, he has an eye for petty tyranny. Right. For petty tyranny. And there there's very little that's more petty than, well, I think the shower head example's a perfect one. Yeah. And then you also think, look, if they're willing to control your life at that level of detail, what are they not willing to control? It's like you're concerned about my shower heads, like we're out of water. Right. Which we're not at all. So what won't you control? So you think while the psychopaths are edge cases, they'll move wherever the power is.


They find a narrative that can be used to strike fear in the hearts of people and to justify compulsion. They ally themselves with that belief claim, and then they ratchet themselves up status hierarchies without any rep. True reputational validity. Riding on that edge of fear and power. Right, right. I wrote an article, it hasn't been published yet in the Telegraph, because I got hell, eh, a lot after one of our podcasts. You may know this, but The climate change stuff. That's right. Yeah. The whole bloody transcript was sent to the college as an indication that I was out of my wheelhouse.


You know, and maybe I stepped a bit out of my wheelhouse when we had that discussion. 'cause I'm not a climate scientist, whatever the hell that is, by the way. 'cause you have to know a lot to be a climate scientist and an economist on top of that. So today I'm talking about something that's a lot more psychological. The climate apocalypse narrative is a social contagion that's driven by power. Mad psychopaths, who are hell bent on using fear and compulsion to make sure everyone steps in line so that they can continue with their acquisition of undeserved power. It's also effective enough that the people that are underneath the power comply and do the job of the man for the man.


This episode is brought to you by Masa chips. You've all heard about seed oils by now, and you've heard me talk about them. They're literally developed as engine lubricants. And they were never meant to be a part of the human diet. And now they're in everything, especially chips and snacks. Well, Masa is changing that. They're classic tortilla chips made with just three ingredients. Organic corn, grass fed beef tallow, and sea salt. That's it. They're not some fake held food. They just real chips cook the way they would've been a hundred years ago. And they taste like the real thing. Almost like other tortilla chips you've had are a cheap, flimsy imitation. They have the most satisfying, rich, addictive crunch, but you actually feel good after eating them. No bloat, no crash or gross, sluggish feeling. You'll taste the difference in every crunch. Go to masa chips.com and get 25% off your first order with the code JRE.


This episode is brought to you by Montana Knife Company makers of the best, most sought after knives out there. The company is founded by my friend Josh Smith. He's been making knives since he was 11 years old and became a Master blade Smith at just 19, which is wild. 'cause there's only about 140 to 150 Master Bladesmiths in the world. Plus these knives are made right here in the USA, right in Montana. And they're designed, tested, and built by hunters, four hunters. I've been loving the Magna Cut Blackfoot 2.0 when Master Bladesmith, my friend Josh Smith, launched Montana Knife Company. He set out to create the ultimate do it all knife, small and light enough to pack on a goat hunt durable enough to completely field dress a moose and shape to gut cape skin and de-bone with ease. He called this flagship knife the Blackfoot, And it remains his go-to blade. And I love it as well. It's truly the only hunting knife you'll ever need. Although MKC is still a young company, the demand is already crazy. Literally, every time they drop a batch, they sell out in minutes. So if you want to be the first to know, sign up for SMS alerts for exclusive knife drops and their email newsletter to get notified about restocks or go to Montana knife company.com and see what's available now.


Yeah. Well that's the advantage of using fear and compulsion. Yes. Right. It's like, well, I have to go along with this because my leaders who had built up a certain degree of credibility are telling me that, you know, the Apocalypses ni and who am I to? Well, first of all, question, because God, there's a hard thing to figure out. You know, what's the global effect of human activity on the climate for the next a hundred years? Well, good luck figuring that out. But this is why making it more psychological this time, it's like the climate fluctuates and for complex reasons. But that doesn't mean that you get to look a hundred years into the future and you get to conjure up an apocalyptic narrative and you get to say, we're the only people that can save you.


And you get to say, you have to change every single thing you do in your life and prioritize our concern above all else. Including even the wellbeing of your own children or the economic future of the Africans, for example, who don't get to use fossil fuels. Right. You don't get to do that. You don't get to do that using fear and compulsion. Not only that, it's being done by people who have been wrong about everything. Every step of the way. Every step of the way. Yeah. Well then they just play a slight hand game there though. Okay. We, we got the timeframe wrong, Joe. It's not 20 years, But it's not even just 40 years. It's not even just climate change. It's basically everything. Public health, agriculture, you name it. Yeah. Everything. Yeah. Well that sets every single thing, the water supply, everything That sets us back into this conundrum that you and Douglas and Dave were addressing.


It's like, okay, two conundrums, Like three. How do you pursue your interest in a landscape that's been shor of reliable expert input? Mm. Right. Who do you rely on? Right. Okay. If you don't know who to rely on, like how do you keep the bloody psychopaths at bay? Right. You know, and the conspiracy theorist mongers and the people who aren't trying to discover the truth, but who are using the conspiratorial edge, let's say the Grifters. Yeah. The, the groupers for that matter. Yeah. Right. These are people who are clear, clearly playing power games for their own benefit, and they're spinning up these conspiratorial narratives and writing on them and occupying them in this, this parasitic manner.


There's gonna be a huge, this is a huge problem already on the right wing side. I don't, you know, I don't even know what the hell that is anymore. 'cause I don't know what the left is, and I don't know what the right is. But we Need to claim the center. Yeah. Well that's also what we're trying to do with Arc. Yeah. It's like, what is the center? Right? The center is the kind Of like the center is where we can all meet up. Well, and I think that's, that's doable. Well, let's specify it even more. Okay. The center is a place you'd go if you were invited. Right, right, right. Exactly. Right. Well and that also ties back into this idea of play. You know, like PGE figured this out when he was watching little kids. So if a little boy wants to play house with a little girl, which is generally a good idea, if you wanna play house with a woman at some point in your life, you better get that right.


It's a very serious game. What's the first rule she has to wanna play? Right? What's the second rule? You have to play with her in a manner that makes her want to play with you again. Right. I, I've been thinking about this a lot in terms of what constitutes objective standards of morality. You know how Sam Harris, Sam Harris was obsessed with malevolence and he wanted to ground morality in objective science because he thought that would give us like a firm standing place. But he went down the wrong scientific rabbit hole. I think. I think if you understand this relationship with play and iteration, then you have the core of morality. So, so, and Pi, by the way, this is part of, what would you say this is the larger, this is the philosophical edge of his theory.


This is actually what he was trying to accomplish. How do you decide if an arrangement is good versus bad or good versus evil? Well, PGE went to children to find that out. It's like, okay, you wanna set up a game? Why? Well, game is the first social, it's the foundation of social interaction. Right? Play a game with one other per people, one other person. And then maybe you can play a game with a bunch of people and then You can play a game with one person or a bunch of people across a long period of time. And then you can do it in a way that improves. Okay, so now, so what are the rules? If you're a little boy, she has to wanna play and then you have to play with her in a way so that she wants to play with you again.


If you do that, then you have a friend. And that iterates now. So you can imagine that there's a structure of voluntary play that's really quite stringent. But this is what you do on your podcast. Seriously. And that's why it's so attractive to people. You know, when that's the core of what you might call objective morality. It's like there's, there's a very limited number of ways to play to offer a game that someone else wants to play. And then there's a very limited number of ways to play that game so that they want to keep playing with you. And then you could, if you add that con additional constraint of improvement across the games, you've got the straight narrow path. Right? Then it's marked by, we're really trying to do this at Arc.


We wanna offer a vision that people want to accept or, or even thrilled to accept. 'cause that's even better, right? A game that you'd be thrilled to play. So one of the things we're doing on the energy side, I'm going to an event with Alexepstein here in two days. Talk to energy executives about this. You know, well, what kind of world do you wanna see? Well, how about a world where there's so much energy that poor people can afford it? How'd that be for a vision? Like, have you got a problem with that? Well, poor people can't have energy because that'll destroy the planet. It's like, no, poor people can't have that energy because you'd have to let go of the game that you're playing as a narcissistic psychopath that's elevating your status inappropriately.


And you're perfectly willing to sacrifice the world's poor to continue your grip on power. How about that for a psychological interpretation, right? And how about this as an alternative, why don't we do everything we can to drive energy costs down to the lowest degree that's sustainable, like in a market economy and make energy available to everyone so that we eradicate absolute poverty? Why wouldn't the left line up again ar around that? Because the left hypothetically serves the poor. It's like nothing serves the poor better than an ethos. First. We gotta get that right. 'cause we're also interested in getting the story right. But after that, on the material side, there's nothing more important than cheap. Can I stop you for a second there?


I don't think people on the left are getting that message. I don't think they're hearing that this is exactly what third world countries need, is a reliable source of energy in industry to elevate themselves out of poverty. They're They're not, they're, They're not getting that. But it's not the problem of the people that are on the left, like the, the general, general followers. Well, it might be the, it might be a problem that's facilitated by the psychopathic fringe types. Like, look, I think it's Not offered to them, is my point. Yeah. The question is why not? And the reason is like, this is part of the, you talked to Loberg, right? To Bjorn, yeah. And Bjorn's pretty good on this, or very good on this, I should say.


Yes. You know, to give him credit. And he would like to see a world where, and he's part of arc, he'd like to see a world where we make energy abundance a top priority. It's probably the only way you're gonna pull third world countries out of dire poverty. Well, it, it's also, as far as I can tell, the only way that you pull them out of environmental catastrophe. Right? Because if you wanna produce an environmental catastrophe, a true environmental catastrophe, how about a three or four year famine so that everyone there kills all the animals, for example, or dies. Right? So we also know that if you get people above $5,000 a year, GDP, then they start paying attention to long-term environmental sustainability.


'cause they don't have to scrabble around in the dirt for the next meal. Right? So then we could say, well, how about we have a future of sufficient abundance so that no one is deprived of energy or, or opportunity for their children. Right? Well that sounds, that sounds like an invitation. Now, if you hate people and you think the industrial enterprise is a stain on the planet and that we're viruses or cancer on the planet, then you're gonna have a problem with that. But my sense too is that if we had enough energy, we could make all the deserts bloom. I was watching a video on pollution in India about the amount of garbage that gets thrown in rivers in India.


And it was staggering, just staggering to watch that somehow or another through, because the population is so large and there's so many poor people and there's a lack of ho whatever it is, they just, they're just throwing their garbage in the rivers and their rivers are just overwhelmed with gar. If there's ever like a symbol of thing, people that have been led the wrong way, like bad leadership, bad planning, bad, Bad, underlying story, Everything. That's it. When you look in your river and it's all you see is water bottles, all you see is floating plastic. That's the whole river. And you know that if you get in that water, you're gonna get sick.


And yet no one looks at a this number one priority. Like what do you always say? Clean your room. Make your room, make your bed. Like, right. Yeah. What, what's going on? Well, and you want to incentivize people to pay attention to their local environment. And you do that in part by ensuring that they're not living so close to the edge of catastrophe that they can only think about today. And if you start from the mindset that, can I tell you another story? Sure. Okay. You can tell me all the stories. You don't have to ask questions. All right. This is a really cool story. Okay. This is how to set the world, right? This story. So I've been traveling around lecturing about my book and I wrote a chapter on Abraham in that book.


And Abraham is the father of in principle, Islam, Christianity and Judaism, right? He's the father of nations. That's how the story goes. So when God, God comes to Abraham in a very particular way, it's one of the ways God is characterized in the Old Testament. So this is like a definition of God, right? It's not a testament to God. It's a definition of what God is. Okay? So Abraham, he doesn't hear anything about God till he's like 70 and he's already living in privileged paradise. 'cause his father and his mother are rich. And so he doesn't have to lift a finger if life is about having your needs met.


Abraham's got it covered. And so he lives like a satiated infant till he's 70. And then a voice comes to him And it says, you are required by the God of your ancestors to leave your zone of comfort, to leave the wealth of your father, to leave your nation, to leave your language, to go out into the world and have your terrible adventure. And if you do that, so now imagine that's the call to adventure. If you do that, these things will happen. This is the covenant that God makes to the Abrahamic people. It's so cool. I just talked to Brett Weinstein about this from an evolutionary biological perspective on the road.


'cause I wanted him to evaluate the story. I'm gonna tell you from an evolutionary perspective. So God, God is the voice that says to Abraham, if you follow the call of adventure, you'll be a blessing to yourself. So that's the meaning of life, right? To have the adventure. You'll do this in a way, call of adventure blessing to yourself. Yeah. Yeah. Because adventure is compelling, responsible, romantic adventure is the most compelling pathway, right? And if it's intense enough, it justifies the suffering. Right? It's a reason to. It's a reason to get up in the morning, even if you're in pain. Okay? Then he says, there's another thing that'll happen too, which is that your name will become known among your people for valid reasons.


So that's that genuine reputation that we talked about. So if you follow the pattern of adventure properly, you'll be a blessing to yourself and your name will become known among your people for valid reasons. So that's a good deal. You'll do this in a way that will maximize the probability that you'll establish something of permanence or even eternal permanence. So Abraham is offered, if he accepts the call and makes the proper sacrifices along the way, God says, your descendants will be, will outnumber the stars. So he establishes the pattern of fatherhood that best propagates down the generations, which is the same as following the pathway of adventure.


Then he says, you'll do this in a way that will make sure no one can stand before you. Right? So that if you adhere to that adventurous spirit and you propagate it, all the enemies will, all enemies will either be converted into friends or flee before you. And then you'll do it in a way that brings abundance to everyone. And so, so now this is the question I'd ask Brett. So imagine this. So imagine that we have an instinct in us or a divine voice. I don't care which of those you use an instinct within us that calls us to develop, right? That puts us on the edge. And that's not the same as looking for infantile satiation or the gratification of our needs.


It's genuinely this call to expand yourself and to be on the edge and to develop that. If you did that, to follow that instinct, then you'd be a blessing to yourself. Your name would become known among your people. You'd establish something of permanent significance. No one could stand before you. And it would bring abundance to everyone. Right? And then in the Abrahamic story, what happens is that as Abraham accepts, that goes out in the world. And then he has a series of adventures, each of which requires a more complete sacrifice. Because as you develop under the influence of this call, what you're required to do is to live more carefully in accordance with your expanding domain of opportunity.


And that's the pathway forward. So I asked Brett about that. 'cause this is different than the selfish gene idea, right? It's like there's an instinct within us that calls us to develop that pulls us out into the world. And if we follow it religiously and we make the proper sacrifices along the way, then those five things will happen around us. And that speaks of a concordance, which has to be there. It has to be there between the spirit that develops us and the, and the pathway that brings maximal benefit to the natural and the social world. And I can't see how that can be the case if we're adapted to the world. That has to be the case, right? It has to be that if we followed the instinct that would best put us together psychologically, this quest, this adventure, that would also be the spirit that set the world in order, right?


And that spirit, that whole thing, that's what's defined as God in that, in that particular story, right? That resonates Well, I can't see, the alternative is preposterous. Right? The alternative is that we don't have an instinct to develop. Like, And you know that's wrong. You just have to watch children And you know that's wrong. You just have to watch yourself. And the curiosity that you have and the desire for novelty and for learning, you know, that's there. That's what you followed to make this show. Definitely. And so the alternative is that instinct doesn't exist. That's a stupid theory. Or what brings you into the world is done at the expense of other people in a way that won't enhance your reputation in a way that has nothing to do with anything permanent.


Right? Then it would be sort of you against the world. That would be like a power orientation. You can get your way in the world, but you have to manipulate, you have to lie, you have to use compulsion, you have to use fear. You can't just rely on the quest, say, or your adventure. And I think you can. I think you can. I think you better. Or else there's that too. It's interesting 'cause you're talking about tyrants, right? And you're talking about people of extreme power and how that corrupts. And in that case, there's a large percentage of those people that are violating all those things that you said. 'cause they do manipulate and they do rely on fear.


Well, You don't. Nietzsche was an advocate of the will to power, right? So you can imagine that there's a variety of potential motivating forces. And one would be hedonic pleasure. That's the golden calf worshipers, by the way. So that's just short term hedonism. And that doesn't work. And by work, I mean it doesn't iterate socially. It's like if it's all about you and what some whim you wants now, right? First of all, that's not gonna serve you well tomorrow. And I don't want to be anywhere near you. Right? Like you're an over, you're literally an overgrown 2-year-old. Right? And that gets pretty ugly by the time you're 40, right? So the whole golden calf thing, no, that's just off the table. But Isn't it kind of celebrated amongst certain high achievers, particularly in the business world like that hedonistic, sociopathic drive to constantly get more numbers on the ledger?


Yeah. Well I don't, I don't know if that's exactly, he'd GI Think that G Good. That's Wall Street. Yeah, yeah. Right. That's Michael Douglas, right? Yeah. Yeah. Greed is Good. Yeah. Well, okay, let's delve into that for a minute. Yeah. Okay. So I'm not advocating for That. I know you're not. I know you're not. You can turn to hedonism, you can fall into nihilism, you can turn to hedonism or you can turn to power. Okay? This Abrahamic covenant, it's different than power. It's adventure. That's it's romantic adventure, actually. Right? And that's not the only definition of God in the Old Testament, by the way. There's something deeper than than that, than it refers to. So those are the options.


Now you said don't the achievers, you know, who are stacking up numbers, it's like they found a way forward to attain status. But they, but they've fixated on on, they fixated on an element that shouldn't be fundamental. They're not trying to store up the treasure in heaven. They're trying to store up the treasure on earth. And that's better than not doing it. See, this is another thing we need to understand. 'cause I've spent a lot of time, for example, trying to figure out why people are attracted to Andrew Tate and I, I know why they're attracted to Andrew Tate. They'd rather be Andrew Tate than an incel. And they're Right. Right. It's best to give the devil is due.


Like if you had to choose between being kind of flabby and unhealthy and resentful and in your basement looking at pornography hating women because all of them reject you all the time and you deserve it. And you're ineffectual and the future looks pretty damn gloomy. And then you see Andrew Tate, who's tough and hyper masculine in an in almost manner that's almost a parody and wealthy and famous, and apparently has women as at his disposal with a fair bit of stress on the idea of disposal.


You'd think, well, I'd much rather be him than me. That's the incorporation of the shadow from the union perspective. It's like, yeah, it's right. And you think about the number of men that are in cells. The thing about men also, if they get rejected a lot, they associate women with pain. Yeah. And then they get angry at those women. 'cause those women cause them pain. Like it's just very simple equation. Yeah, of course. And that's, that's how you get a man hater. Or excuse me, that's how you get a woman hater. Oh. And the same could be said for, that's how you get a man hater. Right. You associate men with rejection and, and cruelty. Yeah. You, they're all that way. And men, young men in particular are more likely to be rejected.


Young women may have difficulty finding the ideal man, but they don't face the same degree of universal rejection. So it's hard on young men. Right? Well, they're not the pursuers Right. As much the young women aren't. Right. Right. Well, and they're, and women are the gatekeepers, fundamentally of sex. So that's their, that's their essential power. That's also the power of chastity. And that's the scary thing about acquiring wealth, is that wealth allows you to bypass the genetic social hierarchy. Yeah. Well, if you can just achieve, I talk to, I talk to Russell brand about this a lot. You know, women threw themselves at him. How'd that work out for him? Not great.


You know, it threw him into great spiritual confusion. It it was empty and hollow. And that's worth knowing. You see? 'cause you might say to the people who are interested in the shadow figures, and Tate plays that role, the master of women, let's say, why not do that? 'cause you need an answer to that. If it's certainly when it's better than being lonely, isolated, bitter, and ineffectual. Right. That's for sure. Right. Well, it's because you don't confuse a stepping stone with the pinnacle. That's why there's way more beyond that.


I mean, you are a tough guy. You went through your disciplinary processes on the physical side, in particular, the intellectual side too. I, I'd add, you know, you've got what Tate has to offer, but you're what you're respectable. Why? Why? I have a different, completely different background than him, first of all. And also my feeling in life is whenever you can be nice, that's like a general guide. You mean nice or good? I mean, both. Okay, Nice.


As well. I get the posturing. I get how it would be attractive to young men. I get it. If I was a young man, I would certainly be drawn to him. And I was to many fighters. And I accepted a lot of personality flaws and people that I admired as fighters. 'cause they were very successful at doing this one insanely difficult thing. Right. Right. And oftentimes that requires a certain amount of narcissism, requires a certain amount of internal focus. I mean, ironically enough, not at the championship level, ironically enough, it gets you close, but it doesn't get you to be the king.


The kings are almost Precisely Universally disciplined, focused, and generally kind. They're some of the nicest people. The best at the most difficult thing athletically to do. And the most difficult, you're, you're conquering other Trained. Why do you think that is? I think you have to be, why, Why Does Wasi wrote about this in the book of five Rings that you, you, you must have balance in everything in life. If you have imbalance, you can get pretty far because you're so Specialized. Right. You're so driven. Yep. But you'll fall prey to the, to the balanced man.


Yeah. Well that, that's exactly, that's exactly my point With you'll, you'll also recognize characteristics in him that you envy and that you wish you had yourself. Like if you're a narcissist and a sociopath, you know you are, and you can't really be proud of yourself. You can't. Right, right. You don't, you don't have the benefit of the positive feedback that you get from true kindness to others. You don't have that. Well, you also know that your reputation is founded on sand. And one of the way to rationalize that is, well, everyone does that. Right. Everyone's like that. Exactly. Yeah. But then you don't trust or like anyone. Right, Right. And then you're really alone. That, that's for sure. You're really alone. Yeah. And then if you do achieve success, it's hollow. 'cause you, you realize, like, So, you know, you just outlined there the, the progression that Carl Jung identified as characteristic of individuation.


Right. With, with the second thing that you said. So imagine that you start, you start an incel, right? You're ineffectual and you're rejected as a young man. Now there are exceptions, but let's just play that out as the, the unhappy majority. Okay. Now you look for a shadow figure to sharpen you up and to toughen you up and to make you strive at least along one dimension. Right? And so then you do that. Well, then the next thing that happens in the union stage progression is for a man, it's integration of the anima, which is the feminine part. And it's integration. It's not replacement.


It's like, oh, well then you discover the utility of empathy and compassion and kindness and mercy and care while still being able to deal out justice, let's say. And so then you bridge that gap and then that integration you just said, even among fighters, that's what puts them in the highest place, right? That's right. Yes. That's right. So, but it's hard for the people. It's hard for those who are completely disaffected and also quite angry about it. You know, the people who are interested in the pathway that Tate offers, they're not so unhappy that he's hard on women 'cause they're pretty mad at women. And so, you know, if it's the bitch or me, then I'll pick me.


Right. You know? Right. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. And so, And it, it, it is very crucial to get this progression correct. Because monsters better than wimp. Right, right. But the question is, what's better than monster? And so it's very interesting that you made those comments on the fighting side because you wouldn't necessarily think that it would be true in that world as well. Well, one of the best examples is your countryman George St. Pierre. One of the greatest of all time. One of the nicest guys I've ever met. And if you didn't know that, that, that he was one of the greatest fighters of all time, you would never guess it, you would never guess at talking to him. He's curious.


He's interesting. He's intelligent. He's very well read. He has a, he's always interested in different things. He's constantly searching for new information. And as a martial artist, he is still on a quest of improvement. Even though he is retired from competing, always trains, he's constantly training A quest for new information. Okay, so let me, yes. Can I tell you a story about that? Please. Alright. So this is the story that comes up at the beginning of Moses when he turns into a leader. So it's about how you turn into a leader. Okay? So he's already killed a man and he's left Egypt because of it.


So now he's in this land called Midian. And he goes there and he chases some ruffians away from a well for these two girls who are drawing water. And they go and tell their father. And he says to them, bring this young man home to have dinner. So he does. And then he gets married to them, and then he becomes a shepherd. And this is crucial 'cause the shepherd's an image that runs through the biblical corpus. Right? Well, shepherds at that time lived by themselves in the wilderness on their wits. And they kept the wolves and the lions at bay with primitive weapons. So these were tough guys. And they cared for the most vulnerable. So a shepherd is an image of optimized ordinary masculinity.


You can take care of yourself, you can keep the monsters at bay, and you attend to the most vulnerable. So Moses has got that. He's a shepherd. He's a successful shepherd. So now he's out there one day wandering around Mount Sinai and Mount Sinai or Mount Horeb. That's the place where heaven and earth touch. So that's where the messengers of the divine descend to earth. And so he's out there and something attracts his attention, makes him curious. That's the burning bush. It's not a forest fire. It's not something you can't ignore. It's something alive. 'cause that's a bush. A tree is a symbol of life. And it's burning because things that are alive burn. Right? That's metabolism and, and intensification of that.


Like a psychedelic intensification of that. That's what the burning bush is. And that's what glimmers to Moses. And he steps off the beaten track, right? To investigate what drives his curiosity. And so then he goes off the beaten track and he starts to delve deeply into the mysteries of the burning bush. And at some point he realizes he's on sacred ground. He takes off his shoes. That's a symbol of willingness to transform identity. 'cause shoes signify identity, right? They're part of your costume, your working man's costume. And so then he continues to commune with the burning bush. He gets deeper and deeper into something. He makes himself a specialist by following what compels him and delving deeply into it.


And when he gets deep enough into it to the bottom, the voice of eternity speaks to him and says, you're now no longer who you were. You're now a leader. You have to go back to your people. You have to stand up against the tyrant. You have to tell the slaves that they need to leave their tyranny and their slavery and serve me in the wilderness. And you have to do that now. And Moses says, I can't because I can't speak. I'm slow of tongue. And God says, basically, that's your problem. And with me on your side, we can sort that out. And don't you have a brother Aaron? And can't he speak? It's like, bring him along for the ride.


And so that's when Moses becomes a leader, right? And so that's the pattern. It's like ordinary masculinity. Those are the dwarves that Snow White serves before she meets the prince, by the way, the ordinary masculine. Right? So, but, and that, and those dwarves protect her from the evil queen that wants to suppress her by feeding her a poisoned apple. So snow white has to learn to serve the ordinary man before she can find a prince. Yeah. Something Disney mist completely in the last story. So, so What's the pattern? Well, you discipline yourself. So you become a shepherd, and then you follow what compels you off the path.


Then you take it seriously and get to the bottom of it. And then that transforms you and thus transformed. You can face the tyrant. Mm. You can specify the promised land properly, and You can lead the slaves across chaos and blood. That's the Red Sea. And then through the desert. Right? And so you said, you know, you said two things. You said that the good fighters have learned to integrate their civilized side, otherwise they don't get to be great. And that they continue the pathway of self-improvement, right? They continue to pursue what's calling to them. That's another definition of God in the Old Testament.


By the way, what calls to you, that's the burning bush. The spirit of the burning bush is what entices you, what grabs your interest, what attracts your curiosity. And that's identical. The biblical claim is, that's the same thing as the spirit of adventure. It's the same thing that speaks to Noah. Noah's a good man and a voice comes to him and says, all hell's broke to break loose. And he believes his intuition because he's a good man and can he rely on himself. So he makes the arc right? And he brings his family aboard and culture and nature and reestablishes humanity. That's the pathway of the leader too.


What is your take on, there's a university in Jerusalem that had this theory that the burning bush was the acacia bush. Yeah. The acacia Bush's rich in DMT. Well, I think, look, I think that hallucinogens strip memory from perception, so you see the world in all its blazing, glory Husk Huxley figured that out in with the doors of perception. That's really what that is. Apparently what psychedelics do, psychopharmacological, they mimic, they mimic a high stress condition and they strip memory from perception so that you can return to the source and revitalize your perceptions. Right? So the probability that there's some overlap between that and the burning bush is high.


It's high, so to speak. High. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I'll tell you, I'll tell you one more thing. One more story, okay. If that's all right with you. So something else I figured out that I tried on Brett. So imagine you can take the hedonistic path, you can take the power path, You can take the nihilistic path, okay? And then you might say, well, that's the only three options. That's kind of what the postmodernists believe. That's kind of what the nihilists and the postmodernists, the nietzschean believe power, hedonism, nihilism. Those are your options. There's no uniting narrative above that.


Okay? So in the story of Cain and Abel, two patterns are laid out that are different than that. One is Kane's pattern one's Abel's pattern. So these are the first two people that are, that live in, in the world, right? 'cause Adam and Eve are made by God. You can, they're in paradise or were can, and Abel are the first two people. So Abel brings his best to the table. So he takes the best animal in his flock, and he takes the best cut and the best part of the cut. And he offers that to God. So he bring, literally brings his best to the table. That's what he sacrifices.


And Cain doesn't. So Kane's sacrifices are rejected by God. And God tells him, if you brought your best to the table, you'd be accepted. And Cain gets bitter and resentful and invites temptation to possess him. So that spirit of resentment possesses him. And then he becomes murderous. He kills his brother, and his descendants become genocidal. And then you have the flood. And so that pattern of sacrifices established right at the beginning of the biblical texts, Abel versus Cain. Abel brings the best to the table. And that satisfies God.


So one quest, God actually asks Cain this, when Cain complains, he says, if you wouldn't you be accepted if you were doing your best, I said, that's a question of conscience, right? If you're in extreme misery and your life is hollow and empty, and you're bitter and resentful, it's like you're bringing your best to the table. 'cause the right, the covenant proclaims that if you did, you'd be accepted. Yeah. So clearly, okay, so now the question is, what constitutes now? You know, you have to sacrifice. So sacrifice becomes the foundation of the state, not power, not hedonism, sacrifice. And then that motif is played out through the whole Bible.


And that's what culminates in the New Testament, right? Total sacrifice as the foundation of the community. And that's right. And like, I don't know how to, what sense to make outta the metaphysics of the religious realm. You know, because that's beyond me and everyone, the world's a strange place, and we could leave it at that. But the idea that see, Christ is the exemplar of voluntary self-sacrifice. Right? Won't turn to power, won't deviate from his course, faces the worst of all possible deaths descends to hell itself. That's the pattern of life. Lived with no reserve. And that's the foundation of the free state. And that's right.


I tried that on Brett. Hey, he told me when we first met on the tour, that he felt that the biblical narratives were anachronistic. You know, that they were written in a time that was no longer relevant to us. But he decided by the end of our three days together, that if you got to the core of the message, it's alive. Right? That's the living spirit inside the bush, you might say. Right? And that it's, so here's even the weirder thing. So imagine it's pretty obvious that Christ is a symbol of voluntary self-sacrifice. Right? I don't think, it doesn't really come as a shock to anyone. But the weird thing is, you know, we put that symbol at the center of our churches and at the centers of our towns for 2000 years, not really knowing why.


And the reason is, is that voluntary self sacrifice is the foundation of the integrated psyche and the stable, productive, and abundant community. And that's right. It's right. And so, well, it's been exciting to have the opportunity over the last nine months to go talk to people about that. 'cause I've talked to about 150,000 people, I guess, public lectures. That to me, is one of the most fascinating aspects of Christianity. Regardless of whether or not you think logically these things took place logically, these stories are an a completely accurate depiction of exactly how one, if you follow the principles, it's incredibly beneficial to your spiritual life as a person, like you will.


Well, that's a kind of interesting proof, isn't it? Yeah. 'cause it means that there's Truth in it. Well, there's certainly, there's certainly the spirit that makes, what would you say? The spirit of truth that makes life more abundant. That's exactly right. And these are weird stories because the way they're true is very sophisticated. They're true always. And that's different than a story about the past. Like the truest story is always happening. And the story of Moses is exactly like that. Like the pattern of leadership development that's embedded in the Exodus story. That is how leaders develop if they're real leaders. And the pun, their temptation is power.


But that's not their motivation. That's their temptation. Right. That's a very important distinction. And that's always the case with leaders. And if they fall prey to the temptation of power, no matter what their accomplishments, they're not gonna complete the task. Right. And so there's a cool element at the end of that story too. You know, when Moses, just before Moses dies, he picks a scout from each tribe, 12 tribes, and he sends them to Canaan, which is the future. That's a good way of thinking about it. It's the potential place we could reside where everything was worked out. The land of milk and honey, he sends 12 scouts there, and 10 of them come back and say, they tell a fear story.


Say it's, it's insurmountable. The challenges that lie ahead of us. There's no way we can master this. We should have never crossed the desert. We should have stayed under the thumbs of the tyrants. We should have never tried to be anything more than slaves. 'cause now we're doomed. And two of them say no. If we maintain our upward orientation and our covenant, nothing can stand in our weight. We can make the deserts bloom. Moses dies those two scouts. And so do all the Israelites who are convinced by the unfaithful scouts. And the scouts die. And the two people who go on to the promised land are Caleb and Joshua.


And they lead the Israelites, the faithful Israelites, into the promised land. Those are the people who have the courage to confront the future in a faithful And what would you say? Faithful, hopeful, and courageous manner. They're the inheritance of the future. Caleb, Joshua, Joshua's name is the same as Christ's name. It's the same name. That's not fluke. Right? That's one of those echoes or precursors to the story. Mm. There's an ethos that leads you into the premise promised land. And what's the ethos? The spirit of voluntary self-sacrifice. You know, you give up something for a social relationship, of course you give up being primary.


Right? And you do the same thing at the social level. And when you do that, it integrates you And it sets the world straight. And that's built into the biblical story. It's right at its core. So Pause that thought. Yep. I'm gonna use the restroom. We'll come back. Yep, we're back. So it's great fun to explain these things to people on the tour because it, it sorts them out. Well, it's very fascinating. Yeah. That's for Sure. And the fact that these stories have existed for so long, so interesting. You know, that's, that's where it gets really weird. Yeah. Well they've, they've, they've adapted to the contours of our memory and our imagination. Yeah. So you find them compelling and they stick to your memory.


So I'm gonna tell you what else I'm up to. Okay. What are you up to? Well, the first thing I wanna do is, thank you. So we launched Peterson Academy in September, and we talked about it. And it's been a stunning success. We have 40,000 students. That's amazing. We think we're the most rapidly capitalized. We're one of the most rapidly capitalized companies ever, especially with our degree of investment, because we run a lean show. We have great professors, we have a great social media site. We had to kick 10 people off it. We have 15,000 active users. 10 people were dragging it sideways.


What were they doing? They were, they were causing trouble. Joe sociopaths. They were causing trouble. Yeah. Well, or immature or, yeah. Or, or out for or didn't know how to conduct themselves or, yeah. That's all it took. And now everyone is sharing ideas and, and Mick, my my daughter and her husband, they keep a close eye on this. That's great. We're, We have secured funding to the point where we are dropping the price from 5 99 to 3 99 a year as of today. Right. So that should make it accessible to a lot more people. And we're even more convinced than we were that this has to be the future of higher education.


So when we were doing our due diligence for the fundraising, we discovered that 40% of courses at university are now online. And we've investigated some of those courses. Many of them are PowerPoint presentations, and that's all. And so that's the university experience for full tuition. And we literally have the best professors in the world and unmatched production quality. So, and we're filling in the social element too, because we want people to be able to meet the social media platform does that. It's a very positive platform. We've already had our first couple announce themselves, which was quite fun.


And we're going to do in person events. Our, our first plan, we're gonna do a cruise. Can I ask you this? Yeah. What has, what has your journey been like to go from relative obscurity as a professor in Toronto to becoming this person who you are now sort of a worldwide educator, outside of the standard system of academia, but also subject to intense international scrutiny, character distortions, complete, complete vol.


Like what, what they've done to change your position. Something like, you are probably the most intentionally misrepresented person I know. Intentionally misrepresented. We see, you see it with a lot of other people too. But with you, it's, it's very, it's, it's malicious, you know? I've seen it. But yet you have this desire inside of you to spread information and to educate and learn and learn. I'm learning on the stage. What, What has it been like as you, how old were you when I first met you? It was like 2015, right? Somewhere around that. 10 Years ago.


53. Yeah. You were just under, you were just encountering notoriety. Just encountering attention. And what, what all the trappings that come with that, what has that been like, like navigating that? It's very unusual when a person of becomes world famous. You know, at 50 For ideas. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. That's for sure. Well, first, I mean, it was exhilarating and painful to begin with. It was exhilarating because I knew the ideas that I was teaching at Harvard and at the U of T were revolutionary. I could never believe, I never could get over the fact that they allowed me to teach.


Like it was just a, but the students loved my courses and I was very diligent, you know? So I, I stayed in my traces, so to speak. And I wasn't a revolutionary for the sake of revolutionary argumentation. And I was teaching about totalitarianism and great evil. And so it was hard to make a moral case against me. And no one was really inclined to, you know, they were happy with my teaching. So, and as were the students, and I had a clinical practice, which was quite extensive. But then when I first started to lecture much more broadly, we rented a theater and I did a series on Genesis that was the first foray out into the public space. And it sold out while that was when I started to encounter pain, I would say, at a crowd level.


And that was rough, Joe. 'cause I'm pretty good at getting people to open up to me right away. I mean, I learned that as a clinician, you know? And to have thousands of people do that, that's pretty rough now. It was good. It was a good thing, like all things considered, because people would tell me how miserable they were, how discouraged and how sidelined and often how bitter, how addicted, how imprisoned rough stories. And then tell me how much they had improved. But that was also, there was a tragic element to that because it, it didn't take that much, you know, to tap them into the right orientation.


And so there was sadness in that to see all these people who were demoralized, thousands of them. And then to see how that could be rectified and yet hadn't been. That was rough. I'd really, I'm sure that was what, there's many things that made me sick. I had a preexisting condition that was autoimmune. But seeing all that, that was pretty rough. But knowing that it was possible to rectify it. Well that's, there's nothing better than that there. Like, you know, wherever I go now, it's so interesting.


Wherever I go now, I'm among friends. It's very strange. Mm. And I have security people and they keep an eye on me. And all the interactions I have with people are positive. And I always take time for people, you know, because well, if they're, they've been positively impacted by something that I've read or said, and they're trying to get their lives together. It's like, how about we encourage that? Right. Because more of that would be real good. And if we had enough of that, more of that would be real good, then more of that would be real good and real necessary. Yeah. And so, and Good for everyone too. Hey, Absolutely. That's that abundance. It's like you got your act together. Great. That'll be real good for you.


Yes. Be great for your girlfriend, be great for your kids, for world. For the world, great. For your community. Absolutely. Yeah. And it's, well, you know, the Christian ethos, the emphasis is redemption. One soul at a time. All I'm a psychologist, you know, that's what I think one person at a time, because everyone's connected way more intensely than we think. Yeah. And so there's no such thing as a trivial person. And there's no such thing as a trivial sin or a trivial accomplishment for that matter. And so, and I know that, I know that I studied totalitarianism for a long time. I know how it comes about. It comes about when everyone lies about everything all the time.


And the way you stop that is by not lying. And that's how it stops. So what's it like, painful and insanely exhilarating at the same time? And, you know, the balance has shifted over the years to the exhilaration. Once I got out on top of it, once I got my health under control, which required pretty stringent discipline. Like I, I eat steak. And when I deviate from that thing start to fall apart around me pretty quick. Isn't it crazy? The that alone is polarizing. You're eating all the steaks. Yeah. You're contributing to the downfall of civilization. You're destroying the environment. Don't you know that cows are the number one producer of I know.


I know. We gotta stop eating Meat. I know. And we, I know eat too much meat. That's why the world's, meanwhile China's, I know. Well, that's opening up coal plants every week. It's hilarious. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Well, that's just another, okay. So it's also surreal. And that's one element. The diet thing just alone, not just alone, is surreal. I mean, my daughter was so sick and now she's great. Isn't it crazy? It's, It's crazy. Well, my wife is on this carnivore diet too. And like, it's been unbelievably good for her. It's been, it's unbelievably good for almost everybody that I've ever met. Yeah. That's what's really nuts. Well, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's crazy. Crazy for the mind. That's the Oh, yeah. Well, your brain likes to run on ketones as it turns out.


It, yes. Yeah, it really does. I felt when I, you know, I've done it back and forth, but when I'm on it strictly, you know, like when I go back to it, one of the things that I notice immediately, so I have like an extra gear intellectually. Yeah. My Brain works. More Stamina. Yeah. More stamina. Yeah. We're gonna run a study IQ test people. Really? Yeah. 'cause my sis we don't know. But yeah, there's two studies planned. One on one group will be people with immunological disorders, tri carnivore, keto, and ordinary diet, random assign machine. But we're also going to give them personality and IQ tests. You Should do it with the, with junk food that I'd be fascinated to see people pre like, go the, the, the right way first and then try junk food.


Yeah. You know, sort Of like, it'd be good to do an A BAB design. That's what that is. Remember That, what was that supersize me? Yeah. Yeah. That documentary. Yeah. Where the guy just, it's Garbage. Well, it clearly, it's absolutely crystal clear that we eat too many carbohydrates. Like the food pyramid is upside down. Yes. Clearly. And then on top of that, environmental pollutants and all the other issues that we have with additives, and this is to me is one of the more exciting things about this current administration is the Make America healthy again movement. And, you know, eliminate fluoride from the water, eliminate all these, I think there's a new list of ingredients that most of them are banned in Europe and a lot of other places and are legal in America. It's insanity.


And it doesn't make any sense. And, and oftentimes the arguments don't even make sense as to why they continue to produce it. Because they produce the same products for Canada, for instance, where Canada has better laws when it comes to the additives. So these, they produce the ones in Canada where they don't have the, the negative, dangerous additives. And yet they still make this argument that to force them to stop doing that in America will cause great economic harm. It's like, Well it's clearly, clearly the case that we have an obesity, diabetes, and mental health epidemic. And the probability that all of those are associated with insulin resistance and immunological reaction seems to me To be probably certain and certain herbicides and pesticides as well.


Well, well, well, there's, there's a cascading, there's a cascade of differential effects. Undoubtedly. Some people are more sensitive to those things as well. I was watching a documentary that I, I sent to Jamie about China and one of the, you know, China innovates at such a level, like such a fascinating level that, you know, because they're integrated with the government, which I'm not, as, I'm not saying is a good thing. But because of that sort of unlimited growth, 'cause the growth is designed for the state, like everyone's all involved in it. One of the things they're doing is integrating rice farms with crayfish farms.


So they figured out a way to stop using herbicides and pesticides and instead farm these two things together. So they have the rice and then they have the crayfish. The crayfish feed off the excess material for the rice, but also keep the water nitrogen and carbon rich. And so the rice is more nutrient rich, and so soil is more nutrient rich. And then they're bringing in fish and crabs as well. So they're harvesting all of these different things that people eat along with the rice all in together. And they've created, you know, sort of the, like, what they've done with regenerative agriculture, like white oaks pastures And, you know, polyphase farms and different regenerative agriculture establishments in America.


But they're doing it with rice to avoid using herbicides and pesticides. And Well, hopefully the new administration under Kennedy will be able to figure out how to prioritize these things. So some of them happen. I, my concern, I suppose it's not my concern, a concern is that they'll try to do too many things at once. You know, and that's why focused when we talked earlier today about insulin resistance, Right. There's so much to try to change. Well, That's it. And you, you can't change at all. Like that's, there's gonna be resistance on all fronts, But, but one person at a time, as you're saying, like when you, when you have this message and you talk to people about things that you've done that have made you healthier, that message resonates.


And then one person Tom tries that their friends join in and the next thing you know, you've got a large percentage of healthy people that are listening to you. Yeah. Which is Amazing. Well, I've seen that again in, at the shows. Like, one of the things that's also changed across the years is that the proportion of people who are in trouble at my shows is decreasing. And partly that's because many of the guys who come generally with their wife and often with the child, have put themselves together. Yes. And then they're happy about that. And they tell me the story. And so that's great. Like, there, there's nothing better than traveling all around the world and having people come up to you and say that they weren't doing so well.


Right. And that their lives are way better now. And thank you. Yes. That's Beautiful. That's a good deal. That's a great deal. That's a good Deal. Those, those are my favorite stories that I hear from people that listen to the podcast. They're like, I've listened to the podcast. I lost 60 pounds. I started working out every day. I'm, I'm much healthier. I'm drinking a lot of water. I'm taking electrolytes and vitamins and, and just my mental health has improved because of the daily exercise. I'm a different person. Yeah. I'm on the right path. Yeah. Well, it's, so, so that's very interesting too. A that the fact that that's actually, you said those are the best stories that you can hear. I Love those stories. Well, it shows you something about non hedonistic motivation. It's like, imagine what you could have, if you could have anything you wanted.


Well, maybe, you know, your imagination would drift first to the hedonistic side or maybe the power side for that matter. It's like, no, how about you can wander around anywhere in the world, some isolated field with a castle on it in Serbia. And people that you've never seen will come up to you and say, I was having a pretty damn dismal time of it all things considered, and I listened to what you wrote and said. And in consequence, I put my life together. And their wife is standing beside them going, yeah, he's really in a lot better shape. Thank you. A lot. It's like, yeah, no, those, those are great Stories. That's a good deal. That's a great deal. That's, yeah. So, so when you ask what it's like, well, it's like a lot of that.


Yeah. You know, and, and Do you feel a burden, do you feel like a sense of responsibility that is at times overwhelming because of this responsibility that you have? I think I felt more for a good while. The pain of it, it wasn't the responsibility. Well, Well, the intense connection you have to these people that are Well, the responsibility I the responsibility makes you careful. Mm. You know, how careful are you? Pretty careful. Yeah. Yeah. Why? Because you have a responsibility. Yeah. Yeah. But that's okay. Yeah. Well, that's part of that additional sacrifice. Like it Seems natural to me.


Okay. Yeah. What, what do you mean That with, you know, the, the concept with great power comes great responsibility. Yeah. It just seems normal. Right? Seems natural. Well, has to be the case, right? I mean, as your field of opportunity expands Yeah. If your field of responsibility doesn't expand, you'll collapse and you pay a higher price for stupidity at larger scales of opportunity. Yes. Obviously. Obviously. And so get your act together. Yeah. And be, And you know, and, and is that a burden voluntarily undertaken? Responsibility isn't a burden, it's an opportunity. Right. That doesn't mean it's, it is, it's not easy but easy.


Like, I don't need, I know what easy is. Right. What's easy? Pointless misery. That's not easy. Right. Like, You have a life with no meaning is one of the hardest things. Absolutely. Right. So I guess the reason you pick up your cross and walk up hill is because that's the best thing you can do. All things considered. I mean, that's why Christ says that his burden is light. That his yoke is light. It's like, huh, you're supposed to take up your cross and walk up a hill towards death. And hell, let's say, but that's light. Okay. Why? Because, because there's no better pathway than voluntarily undertaken responsibility.


Well, definitely. That's psychologically impeccable statement. I, there's no difference statistically speaking between thinking about yourself and being miserable. It's self-consciousness. Mm. They're the same thing. Right. Right, right, Right. Which is a giant problem with social media. Right. Terrible problem. Accelerant to misery. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. It's sure, as soon as you're focused on you Right. The narrow, you, now you're self-conscious, you stumble on stage, you can't play your musical instrument, you can't ride a bike, you can't box. Right. Right, right. You're not in the flow. Right. Why? Because you're not serving the right thing. Like when I go on stage, I remember, first of all, I have music at the beginning of my shows.


Music. They're a great musician. What music whatcha you playing? Well, I, I don't play it. It's, I have a musician from You have a musician from Cambridge. A musician. Yeah. Yeah. My son sometimes plays for us, which is really fun. So it's Not songs, it's just music With, well, Julian, Julian and Julian plays, he plays, he plays his, he plays country music on a guitar and a couple of his own, his own compositions. So it's been fun to have him along when, 'cause he's quite good at it. And so that's really, that's really great. But the music, the, the, the Dave, the guy who plays for me, he, he starts out plays classical gas. He's kinda like a one man band. He plays classical guitar, but he's, he's got electronic instruments around him and he can fill up the theater or the stadium he likes playing stadiums.


And he ends with inception on electric guitar, which is pretty hardcore rock all things considered. And it gets everybody focused, you know. And then when I am lecturing, I have a question, and I know that's a quest and it's real because I pick something important that I would like the answer to. And then I explore that with the audience. And I'm not self-conscious. And the reason for that is it's not about me. It's about trying to answer the question. And even more importantly, trying to get the damn question Right. To begin with. Right. Right. 'cause you gotta get the question Right, man.


That's the crucial issue. Yeah. Then the words come to you that, what did I figure out? The spirit of your aim is what answers your prayers. Hmm. Here's a brutal idea for you. Right, right, right. Right. Why do you want, so if you wanna defeat your wife, the spirit of power will tell you what to say. Right. Yeah. Right is right man. Right. There's a terrifying thing to know. So if you aim upward high enough, then the spirit of upward aim reveals itself to you in words. That's right. In words and intent. And that's exactly right. So, so it's great. Like, it's a lot, you know, you know that it's a lot.


Yeah. I had a different journey though. My journey was like a slow drip of fame, which I think was very healthy. It's a good way to do it so you can adjust to It. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you also, you also mostly escaped from reputation savaging. Right. I mean, you've had, I'm not saying completely 'cause people have gone after you, but I, I got a real flurry of, of early hate around Bill C 16, which I was 100% right. About way You were Right. But it was, you were a lightning rod. You were the patriarchy. You were the, the one to point to that was going to reinforce these established norms that are not supportive of the minimalized and marginalized communities.


Right. You were, you were cruelty. Right. You were the cruel white man. What did, what did that guy call You mean mean white man? Mean white Man? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's, Which is, by the way, you've already lost when you, when that's, you're throwing pejoratives out there like that in a debate. Like, that's the thing that I was talking about. Like, when someone tries to establish insults and get you on your back, it's offense. It's offense to put you in a defensive position so that you cannot do your best. Mm. Yeah. Well, it's also to pull the rug out from underneath you. Yes. So you collapse your reputation permanently. And that red redos to the person's credit Also, it's establishing narrative to the audience that's listening to you.


Now, you have to look at this person under this light, because I've, I've done so eloquently, described him as this thing. Yeah. And then he will be defensive about that. Yeah. Right. Because he does. Well, I am not a, and then you look even more like that thing. Yeah. Yeah. It's a very under depended way of, of progressing. Yeah. Which is, luckily I am, I don't like that. Not only do I not like that, I don't think that's necessary. I don't think it's necessary as the person doing it. I certainly don't necess think it's necessary to respond to that. I don't think it does anyone any good. I don't think it's good for society as a whole. And it's definitely not good for exploring ideas. And I wonder what you do with the psychopaths.


Well, it's also you're trying to win Yeah. Versus trying to, trying to find the truth, express your perspective with as much clarity and as much thought as possible. You're trying to do your very best to examine these things from a selfless perspective, from a truly objective perspective. Well, it's a truly, it's a truly quest perspective, I think. Right? Yes. So it's, it's not exactly objective. It's more like, because you don't have access to that. But what you can say is, oh, I'm, I'm genuinely puzzled about this. Yes. And I would genuinely like to search for the answer. Right.


Right. Wouldn't it be ideal if you were having a debate where someone said something that you agreed with and you're like, wow, he's got a really good point. And you, instead of refuting that person, exploring that with them, which is one of the reasons I don't like debates Per, per se. Yeah. I don't Like debates either, per se. I like conversations. Yeah. Because in conversations, if you don't have a, a predetermined narrative that you want to enforce with, instead you have your thoughts, you have your ideas, and you're not married to them. Yeah. And these are just thoughts and you put them out there, and then you can encounter a very unique human being who has a way of describing and thinking about things that will open your mind to new possibilities, which is what we all should strive for.


Right? Right. We should all strive to be, to be illuminated to, to, to learn from new things. But yet we close those off because that is a, a point that your enemy is trying to score. Well, and you will not give them that point. Well, It's also because people, people aren't really very well versed in how to do this, you know? Right. It's like, so, so one of the huge advantages of your podcast and of the podcast world in general, I would say, is that you model how to do that. You know, it's like, and there's a, there's an, there's an intense religious ethos under that. So, okay, so what does it mean? You start without pride in humility? It's like, what the hell do I know?


Right. Or, or maybe more precisely. There's probably some things I could still learn that would be beneficial. Okay. You note your interest in a topic and your desire to know more. So that's the quest elements. Like you're after something. Right. You don't know what it is. Right. But it's more development, it's more wisdom, it's more information. Right. Right. And you're not sure where it's gonna be. Right. Okay. So now you, you're the sort of person who could learn, and that has something to learn. And now you have a quest in mind. Okay. So now that's, that's the frame for your actions. Well, if you, if you're talking to someone who's also doing that, well then those are the words that come.


Yeah. Right. And if, and they come, they come in a compelling way to you and to the participant and in a way that's compelling enough so that they compel other people. That's the Holy Spirit, by the way. That's that phenomenon from a religious perspective, that's exactly what it is. Right. It's because that's like, you sit before the talk and rehearse what words you're gonna say, they just appear. Right. Right. No, I never do. Right. I don't think I should. No, no, I don't. Well, sometimes it's a problem because you breach subjects that you weren't really prepared to talk about, and you might not have a fully formed idea about it. Yeah. You, you know, you're not exact. Oh, if I thought about that, what would I have said differently?


You know? Yeah. But you kind of have to find that out along the way. Yes. Right. You know, and that way you're, you know, you have a right to stumble over your own ignorance. For sure. How the hell do you know it's there before you reveal It? Well, not only that, I don't think the audience truly trusts you unless they feel authenticity in that, that quest as it were, that that desire. Yeah. To try to understand like, what, what is it that you believe and why do you believe what you believe? And where did you come to these conclusions? How, what, what journey did you go on? What, what ideas did you dismiss? What ideas were holding you back? What ideas did you realize were just a, a personal weakness that you were protecting yourself from reality per protecting yourself from the reality of bad choices and past mistakes.


What, what are you doing to, to stop that from entering into your current state of mind? You know? And, and that that kind of thinking, people can mirror and they can listen to you talk about these things and say, I do that. Okay. I gotta stop doing that. Okay. Okay. This is what, this is how I can, this is how I can clarify the way I view things. And this is why I am tripping myself up, because I, I keep trying to win conversations. I keep trying to be right all the time, which is impossible, especially. That's right. It's a way of a human. It's a, it's elevating your status in the conversation as a consequence of abstract victory.


Yes. Instead of ab, instead of increasing your wisdom and enhancing your reputation as a sour or towards the truth. Yes. Yes. And it's especially difficult for young people because you don't have enough life experience Yeah. To have made these mistakes and correct them and learned and grown and, and have the humility to recognize that process. Right. Instead, you see other people that are successful or whatever it is. And you want that want right now. Want that Now. Yes. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. And that, and that's wrong too. Yes. Because you don't want that right now. You wanna learn how to have that so that when you can, you Wanna win the lottery, but you don't. No, no, definitely Not.


You don't. Right. 'cause everybody wants to win the lottery, but, but that's one of the worst things that can happen to you. Crazy. Well, and what do young people have? They can listen and they can ask questions. Right. And, you know, they say when the student is ready, the teacher will come. Well, how, how does that play out in the world? Well, if you admit to your ignorance and you ask genuine, stupid questions, you will rapidly encounter people who are more than happy to share their wisdom with you. Mm. Like people love having mentees. Right. They like to be able to share their wisdom and their experience, Unfortunately, even if they don't have it Yeah.


That's where it becomes a problem. Yeah. The false prophet. Yeah. Well, That's right. Well, that's A problem. The false guru. Yeah. Right. The people that don't have the answers to their own lives, so they try to give other people answers to their lives. Yeah. Well, that's also the psychopath problem, is that, You know, what about the people who are feigning competence? Right. Yeah. Right. Well, Ooh, that's a real problem. Yeah. It's a real problem. That's, that's, that's, that's it's a, it's a deadly problem. And it's massively elevated on social media. Yes. Well, it used to be a gigantic problem in martial arts, the fake martial artists, there was a lot of them. Sure. Yeah. Any ga any that's the, that's the eternal parasite problem.


Yes. Yeah. So, so organisms build up a storehouse of value, a carcass, let's say like a whale carcass, for example. And inevitably the parasites move into invaded inevitably. And that's so consistent a pattern that sex evolved to stop it. How so? Well, parasites can reproduce faster than their hosts because they're simpler. And so they can swarm the host quite rapidly, especially if the host clones itself, because the host then stays identical physiologically across the generations.


So the parasites can optimize to colonize the host, and that's the end of it. Mm. If you reproduce sexually, you mix your genes up 50 per you, you pay a price, you lose 50% of your genetic specific genetic heritage. But the advantage is you stay ahead of the parasites. So sex evolved to outwit the parasites. And a huge part of what we're seeing around us, and this is probably a consequence at the low lowest level base level, we've had a phenomenal boom in wealth since World War ii. Phenomenal. We stored wealth everywhere, like in Harvard at a $53 billion endowment. Well, the parasites found the wealth everywhere.


Yeah. And they've invaded like mad. That's A great example of it. Oh, hey man, parasites and academia are a great example of what you're talking about. Media unearned Legacy media. Yes. Science has ha Yes. Science has been invaded that way. Yes. The political, this is a major problem. Yes. Right. You know, and so how do you protect yourself against the parasitic exploiters? You could recognize parasitic behavior. Right. When everything gets chalked off to racism and white supremacy, when they start using these pejoratives, they start throwing those around for everything. You know, that's, that's one of the ways you recognize Yep. Oh, that's right. You're a parasite. You're not really doing science, you're not really doing academics. Well, One of you're really doing is of the, one of the hallmarks of, of identification from the clinical literature for the cluster B types.


And so they're, they have a parasitical element, histrionic, narcissistic, psychopathic criminal. Right. That's cluster B. They use false claims of victimization to manipulate. Yes. And so this is a particularly pernicious pathway because they parasitize empathy. Right. And the left is unbelievably susceptible to that. 'cause the left is full of empathic people. Right. And so those who parasitize empathy have a field day on the left. Right, right. Because the left is generally thought to be more educated, more compassionate, kinder, looking out for marginalized people. That's part of the ethics of the, all The, the ethic is pretty straightforward.


Anything that cries is a baby, it's like, no, some things that cry are monsters. Ooh. Right. Right. Well, let, let's take the case of Nico Sturgeon, the, the Scottish Prime Minister, the previous Scottish Prime Minister. Any man who wants to can be a woman. It's like, okay, any man, you mean any man? Do you? Yeah. Ha Have you encountered the nightmare men? Oh, they don't exist. They're all victims. Yeah. You just bloody well wait till you encounter one. Yeah. You'll change your story very rapidly. Yeah. And for the, for the naive and sheltered empaths of the radical left, they're either psychopaths, so they're wolves in sheep clothing, or they're people so that are so naive that the, the, what would you say, red Riding Hood's grandmother can definitely have his way with?


Yes. That's literally something that I use as an example in my Netflix special. I said that I, I think there are people that feel like they're trapped in, in a woman's body. And then there's also people that are outta their fucking mind. They're crazy. And that all, oh, they, not throughout history, not, but, but what I pointed to all throughout history, when you wanted to make like a killer in a movie, scarier, you put 'em in a dress like Norman Bates and Psycho Silence of the Lambs. And I used the big bad Wolf. I'm like, it's literally a wolf dressed up like a woman. Like that's literally what it is. And they've somehow or another completely abandoned this one aspect of masculinity that's one of the more terrifying is the predatory pervert.


And they've given the predatory pervert a privileged position. Right, right. And that's, That's eve's, that's eve the sin, by the way, one of the Craziest things about it is they've completely abandoned the idea of the pedophile of Monster, and then the monster and the sexual pervert, then the attacker, the assaulter. The person who all, when you give a guy, you say, all you have to do is say you're a woman, now you have access to whatever, whatever women's spaces. Yeah. All the women's spaces. You can victimize them. Yeah. You could fight them. You could beat them in sports. You could dominate them in all games. It's bizarre, bizarre that no one's caught onto that.


And that's the, that's for sure. That's the weirder, that's the more cult-like, and even you could say religious aspect of leftist thinking. It's a, it's an original Sin Eve clutches the serpent to her breast. Ooh. It's like, that's a serpent. Right. It's poison. Yeah. You don't get to love it. Right. Right. It's a monster. Right, right. It's a guy wearing a dress with an erection in the women's room. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Or or worse. Yeah. Or worse. Or worse. Yeah. Or a lot worse. Yeah. Well, right. And, And you know, there, there are no shortage of naive people who've never really encountered a monster and have no imagination for it. And they don't, but there's also Also people that are willing to justify the monstrous behavior.


'cause the monster's a part of a protected class now. Yeah. Well, that's part of that, which is crazy. The cluster B types use proclamation of victimization to parasitize. That's part of their clinical pathology. And they're so, Who me? I get to do anything. And they're so common. Yeah. That's what's really crazy. Yeah. And why is it that academia is overwhelmed by people like this? Is it because it's, it's vulnerable to, to parasites. Sure. Why not? It was a storehouse of unguarded value. Mm. You know, Without any religious principles. Well, Also, yeah, there's that too. And, and with and, and with no real gatekeepers, you know? Right, right.


So like, the parasite problems a very deep problem. So, so I can even, maybe I can even give you an example of that. This is a hard one, but I'll try. In the Pinocchio movie, this, this also happens in Jonah, the story of Jonah. Remember Jaedo ends up in a whale. It's like, what the hell? There's no explanation for that in the story. It's like he's out looking for Pinocchio, and now he's in a whale. Well, a whale is a giant carcass. Right. And so when something dies its spirit, what would you say its spirit is then in embedded in a carcass. That's a good way of thinking about it. That's why Pinocchio has to go into the belly of the whale to free jaedo and finish his transformation, is that when things deteriorate, right.


You have these carcasses lying around with their dead spirits. The spirit of what gave rise to them is still inside there. And the job is to go into the carcass and to revitalize the spirit that produced it and not to parasitize it. Right. Boy, I don't know how you got that out of Pinocchio on the whale. Well, it gonna follow you on this one. I, I'm like, wow, Jao ends up languishing in the whale. Right. Right. So imagine that there's a spirit in the universities that gave rise to these great, great storehouses of value, and that spirit has disintegrated. Mm. And now it's inside the, the storehouse. That's a good way of thinking about it. It's inside the storehouse.


Your job as someone who wants to become real is to go into the storehouses of value that have been bequeathed to us by the past. And to discover and revitalize the spirit that gave rise to them, not to parasitize them. And when they parasitize Them, they strip them to their bones. Yeah. And there's nothing left. And they do it obviously. Right. There's plagiarism, there's all these different, and, and all that stuff, Stuff. False scientific papers. Yeah. And all that stuff gets, everything gets gamed, all that gets swept under the rug because the people that are doing it are part of the protected class. Yeah. So they protect the parasites. Like, this is my lamb prix. Yeah. Like, don't, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. This is my baby. Like the woman From Harvard, they fired her, but they gave her an equal paying job.


It could also be, Joe and I might as well get in trouble for this too. Let's go. Well, because women are more agreeable. They're le more prone to manipulation by psychopaths because their primary ethos is, is nurturing. Yeah. For a naive woman, every victim is a baby. It's like, fine, 90% of them are victims. You could even say that about criminals. You go to a run of the mill prison and there's gonna be people in there and you heard their lives. You think, oh my God, no wonder. Right. And then there's another core group that's like, oh, I see, I see who you are.


You're, you're, if I saw one, if I saw inside your skull for five seconds, I'd have post-traumatic stress disorder. I'd never recover. Right. Those people don't exist. It's like, ho ho. Oh, yes. They exist. Yeah. They exist. Yeah. Yeah. And they're, and they're very good at crying like infants. Yeah. Right. And then the mothers, the naive mothers come flooding out. The wom the women dominated the universities from the 1960s onward. It's like income, the parasites. And they're enabled. And what are they enabled By? Fascinating things to me is when parasites are confronted and they laugh.


Like one of the, the things about academic parasites, when you challenge their beliefs, ha That's contempt. You don't Yeah. You don't know what you're talking about. I saw this with the antisemitism on campus thing when women were, these women were confronted by these statements, like death to the Jews on campus, and whether or not this, this is hate speech. And I saw it with, I believe it was Josh Howley was Yeah, yeah. The woman was, he was saying, some women can give birth and, and some, some men can give birth as well. Like some men have period. Like this, this kind of like, and I guess you're, you're, this line of questioning is very transphobic and opens people up to violence.


Right, right, right. With a, with a laugh. With a laugh and a smile. A diminishing of your position by mockery it's Contempt. Yeah. Yeah. When they're, What they're saying doesn't make any fucking sense to anybody rational. But they're so, they're so embedded in this system that they really believe that they have the kind of control over Congress that they have over their classmates. They're, this is like standard behavior for them, mocking and dismissing other ideas that are counter to theirs. Right. Well, and and there's plenty of reward for that disseminated in the universities. Yes. And so that's part of their, How do you fix that with Peterson Academy? Nah, no, I'm dead serious.


I believe you. I believe you. Look, it's not like I'm thrilled about the fact that Harvard is having a war with Donald Trump. And I'm less thrilled with the fact that I hope Har Donald Trump wins. I worked at Harvard. It was a great place. I'm not happy at all that these institutions have become what they've become. And if I could see a way forward to revitalizing them then. But what are you gonna do? Like the administration took over the universities and, and parasitized the tuition fees and the tax dollars. Then the woke mob parasitized the ad administration, and here we are now, what are you gonna do about that?


All these tenured professors who are progressive and they're way less progressive than the administrators. You gonna fix that? How, how, even in principle, right? I don't see it. How, what, So what we decided to do, we've been working on this for 10 years, is like, well, what do universities do? Well, they, they educate, they offer lectures. They allow, they have a place where people can congregate. They help people mature. They explain the world. They encourage people to aim up. They teach people to write. My son runs this essay app. We're trying to teach kids to write. We're integrating that with Peterson Academy so they can learn to think like that's our, that's our solution.


Yeah. Will it work? The world's pretty dynamic place. It's working real well at the moment, you know, and Well, people need some sort of an alternative to that system if you recognize what that system is, especially if you're participating in it and you, you're, you're opposed to all of it and you're trapped in it, And it is of, of it's vital to your success that you accept some of it. How else can you get through? How, how can you get this degree and maintain some level of sovereignty over your mind and your ideas? Like, it's, it's a horrible trap. And I've met a lot of people that I think are very rational, reasonable people that get at least some of that stuck in their head.


Oh, yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Well, when we, we did some research trying to see what predicted politically correct authoritarianism was last piece of research I did before my research lab, you know, ceased to be a viable entity. Let's say what predicted so politically correct, authoritarianism was that like hyper compassionate leftism, but conjoined with willingness to use force to put the doctrines forward, force and fear. So it's tyrannical compassion. That's exactly that. What are the predictors? Low verbal intelligence. That's the first one. Second one was being female. The third one was having a feminine temperament. The fourth one was ever having taken even one politically correct course.


Wow. Yeah. Right. And so I've thought that through for a long time. It's like, well what's, what's the female relationship? Because that's, that's a crucial one. The, the female dominated disciplines are the most woke by far. Why? And so I think it's because of that basic ethos of compassion. All who cry are babies. Well, look, that's the right default for women. Yeah. You know, like wise women. My wife is one of these women. She was a very good mother. She never thought adult men were babies. Like, one of the things that's quite striking about my wife is that if you're a useless man, she doesn't feel sorry for you.


You're not a baby. Now she's really good at taking care of babies. And so she got to be, she's, she's discriminating in her empathy. And we're in a situation now where people think that indiscriminate empathy is a virtue that's eve's sin. Right. See, see, Eve literally, Eve wants to discriminate to put the feminine ethos at the top of the hierarchy value that replaces God. Right. And that causes the fall. And then Adam, he's such a cock that that's exactly it is that he goes along with her. He doesn't stand up and tell her that maybe she shouldn't be listening to poisonous serpents. He doesn't, he, he consumes with her what she delivers so that she'll be his friend.


'cause you know how useful men like that are. And then when the fall happens, he complains to God that he made, that God made eve and cursed him with her. Mm. That's the story. So it's not, it's not just women. It's, and we, we gotta get this straight women with their drive towards indiscriminate compassion so that even the serpents are their children. It's men too who won't say, they always say, yes dear, whatever. Whatever you want. Yes. Weak men. Weak men, weak men who enable the, who don't help the women set boundaries. Now you gotta do that as a man. You know, like when you have a, when you and your wife have a baby for the first nine months, every time the baby cries, it's Right.


Right. You respond to a baby's cries as if it's right 100% of the time because human infants are so dependent and un utterly unable to fend for themselves. So that sets up a very powerful feminine dynamic. It's like, if it cries, take care of it. Okay. So what are the men for? It's like if it cries, take care of it, except that that's a false cry. And you see that with kids, they'll start playing with that by the time they're nine or 10 months Old. Right, right, Right. Yes, of course. And so you differentiate, it's like, oh no, that's not a baby, that's a snake. Well, are you sure it's not a baby? It's like, Nope, nope.


Snake for sure. Snake poisonous snake. In fact. Right. Well, I'm feeling pretty sorry for it. It's like, save your compassion for the truly needy. Right. And leave the snakes to me. Right. And Adam doesn't do that. Is it a function of a society that's almost, I don't wanna say too successful and empathetic and there's too much abundance that you have more of this crying Look. No. But you have more parasitic behavior. Right? Why? Well, everyone's got pretty comfortable because we've been in a high trust society for a long time. It's like, oh, everybody's trustworthy.


It's like, no, a few people in a few countries are trustworthy most of the time. And that's really hard. Right, right. And there's stringent preconditions. Right. So everyone's trustworthy. And now there's all these piles of wealth flying around everywhere. It's like parasite dream. Especially when it's unguarded. Yeah. And so it's enabled by the women and unguarded by the men, and both are at fault. Right. And that, you see that in the Genesis account too. It's like eve clutches the serpent to her breast. But Adam fails to help her distinguish plenty Of these parasitic men as well. Oh yeah. They're, well, they're the worst. There's, they're the worst. Men. Cry victim and look for sympathy from women.


That was, there was a famous mass murder. No, a serial killer Who did that? The, the lawyer. Very Bundy, Ted Bundy. You know what his trick was? He had a vw if I remember correctly, he had a cast that he could take on and off. So he put his hood up. Maybe it wasn't a vw, he put his hood up 'cause his car didn't work. And he did it around places where he knew there were young women. And then he'd enticed them to stop because Wow. Poor Ted. 'cause he's crippled and his car doesn't work. And then ha ha. And then, well, and then the woman learned very painfully the difference between a monster and a baby. Mm. Right. Brutal.


He was a bad guy. There are some bad people and a fair number of them like to dress in women's clothing, let's say. Yeah. Yeah. But That's really uncomfortable, uncomfortable for people if they have this idea that's embedded in their consciousness about what's going on, to accept that reality Of, of course. It's in fact accepting that when that reality is thrust upon you unaware as you develop post-traumatic stress disorder. Right. Because it's naive. People who encounter malevolence develop PTSD. That's the pathway. Yeah. So if you wanna make your children susceptible to PTSD, like all these kids that are triggered by everything.


Right. Make them extremely naive. And then let them encounter malevolence. Right. 'cause you're supposed to teach them to handle serpents. Right. To identify them and handle them. And that means they have to learn about the nature of the world and the girls to differentiate between snakes and babies. Yeah. Right. Right. And babies and men. And the man who worms his way into your dreams because he's, he's a dependent infant. He's a snake. And and your sympathy is wasted on him. Yes. There certainly are. Man, I tell you, those riots that used to gather around me, you know, when base, that was mostly 2017 before I stopped speaking at universities.


Mostly the women were pretty bad. Harpy city man. And this self-righteous, feminine, toxic compassion just screeching at the top of its lungs. But the men that were with them, oh my God, I didn't even, I didn't wanna be within three feet of them. You know, it's like I'll be your friend. Yeah. You know, you see those people on the net talking to children. I'll be your friend when your family abandons you. I'm here for you. Yeah. You know, they don't understand. Not like me. We could be closer than anybody has been with you. Ho ho ho. That just barely scrapes the surface of awful.


Like awful is a long, long ways down. Yeah. Yeah. So, so part of what's happened in the universities, And you know, it's a terrible thing to say, well they, there's a lot of things, storehouse of wealth, radical increase in the number of students served. Radical feminization of the institutions and weakness on the part of the men who should have been guardian of the gates. All of that. And is it repairable? I don't think so. Jesus. I think once the parasites, once the parasites have the corpse, what are you gonna do?


How are you gonna rev? You gonna bring Lazarus back from the dead? You know? I don't think so. I think it's time for something new. You need academic dewormer. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Well that's what critical thinking was supposed to be, Joe. So you think it needs to, so something needs to be emerged like your academy as an alternative? Well, the thing is, it already is emerging. Right? Right. Because the universities, you of course, they're gonna do this as they spiral downward. They're gonna turn to cost cutting. Well, they're not gonna cut the administration obviously. 'cause they make the decisions about who's gonna be cut. Right. So they're gonna turn to low cost alternatives to having courses.


And so they're already doing that. Let's put our courses online. Well, fair enough. Except they're terrible. They're terrible. We got the best professors and the best production quality. And so, And you've designed it for online versus just hundred percent having a PowerPoint. Right. And we have a plan mapped out, you know, we're, we'll have a full, the full equivalent of a four year distribution of courses. We'll have that within, we think two years, something like that. Four new courses a month. At the moment, we're putting out 32 hours of original content a month. It's very well, people can go look, it looks great.


And that's because it's great. McKayla and her husband, they're unbelievably picky about the professors and about everything. They watch the social media, they watch the look, they watch the images, they watch the ads. You know, we're trying to make, do everything a hundred percent. And then we're trying to make it as inexpensive as possible. Soon we're raising money because we want to translate it into multiple languages. Because wouldn't it be lovely to offer that to the developing world Sure. With free market economics instead of Marxist economics so that people could learn to be entrepreneurs. That'd be great for Africa especially if we could get energy prices down, then maybe everybody could be rich and, and not just materially rich.


Right. 'cause that's not enough. If you're materially rich and you're spiritually poor, you're money just serves to destroy you and fast. Mm. So that's not wealth. Right. And yeah. Right. You know, that you've met people that, that, that that's happened to Oh yeah. A lot. Money is not the cure for poverty. No. You're naive. If you think that, no, It's not the cure for happy, for being discontent either, but it does offer you freedom if you use it correctly. And that give And Opportunity give you an opportunity. Yeah. So it give you some relief from stress, which can give you some kind of happiness. But it's not the goal. No, no. Well, it has to be put in a, it has to be put in an ethical framework or it'll just look money's opportunity.


That's a way of thinking about it. And if you're going to the devil and you have money, you just go to the devil faster. I saw that lots of times in my clinical practice. Yeah. And you know, maybe if you're aim, if you're aiming upward, then money can be a force multiplier. And it can be, you know, you can make a good, You can, You can establish a solid institution that's provides mentorship and opportunity for people. And actually that's more, that's the most fun to do. That It's by far the most fun to do that. To make something of genuine value. Yes. Why wouldn't you do that? Right. Only if you were cynical and, and unable you. Why not make something that works? That's a, that's much more entertaining, all things considered.


And so when we're trying to do this with Arc, and it's going real well, you know, and you were very helpful there too. You know, that podcast that we did, there were lots of reasons that the climate apocalypse narrative has been falling radically apart. But that podcast that you and I did was definitely one of them. You know, and I've interviewed a lot of good scientists who, they're not climate skeptics. You know, that's a stupid term. And Lamberg iss a good example of that. It's like, it's climate denier. Yeah. It's right up there with, with vaccine. That's such a manipulative phrase. It's, yeah. It's like, oh, you're like the Nazis who object to Jews being baked. That's your argument. Is it really? That's your argument. You s scum at you're, you're gonna use that as a moral lever.


That's your level of ethos. That's your argumentation. You're gonna take the worst slur you can possibly imagine. And you're gonna use it to devastate someone's reputation publicly. 'cause you don't have a leg to stand on because you are the kind of tyrant who uses fear to monger power. That's you. There's a psychological interpretation of the climate apocalypse scandal. And it's, if it, and it's killing, it's, it's, it's, it's destroying Germany. It's destroying the uk Oh, didn't Germany, like, didn't they shut down a bunch of their nuclear plants? Yeah. Yeah. And they replaced them with leg night coal.


Right. The dirtiest burning coal. So they're in a situation where they pollute more for more unstable energy that's delivered by tyrants. Well, well, outsourcing their industry to China. It's a very bad idea. Right. Who's building coal plants at a rate that is so fast that everything the west does to ameliorate carbon is utterly irrelevant. Utterly irrelevant. Yeah. And that's an uncomfortable truth that these, these climate cultists just don't, they don't address you. You, they, they won't even entertain any information contrary to the narrative. Well, they won't even let it in. Of course not.


Because it upsets the game. Not only that, most of the people that are involved in the game don't even understand the game. They, they don't even understand what, what's really, not just at stake, but the actual facts that they're arguing for. Well, Carney's a good example of this in Canada to return to that. Yeah. You know, is he Gonna win? It seems like he's, The polls certainly indicate that. Yeah. And maybe with the majority government. And I can see why, like Canadians were accustomed to having everything go pretty well, and we could be morally superior to you Americans. 'cause that was also fun. And we'll never, and we'll never forego that opportunity. And Trump has provided it in spades in the last month.


Right. So we look at Kearney and we don't pay any attention to politics. And we certainly don't read his goddamn book. And so we see someone who looks like a banker from the 1990s when everything was just fine in Canada, and Canadians were just as rich as Americans. And the whole country was stable and peaceful. And we think, well, you know, we kind of made a mistake on Justin. Turned out he was little incompetent, A little narcissistic. And maybe we shouldn't have voted for him just because he legalized marijuana. Because that's actually what brought him into power the first time. And so we kind of made a mistake. But now look, we've learned, and we're not going to be fooled by narcissistic pretenders. And Mark Carney used to be governor of Bank of England, you know, and that's pretty good. That's a pretty good resume. And it certainly looks like that.


And yet he believes that 75% of the fossil fuels in the world should be left in the ground. And that there's no, there's nothing that should guide your purchasing decision by force other than decarbonization. But it seemed to me, at least from a aer observer from afar, that Pierre was gaining steam. Oh. And it looked like he was going to win oh two. And they seemed have taken the Right outta sales. Two, well, two things happened. Trudeau resigned. Oh yeah. Their liberals were headed for extinction. It was gonna be the worst defeat of a governing party in Canada ever. They might have lost their official party status. So it was, they were done.


Well, they pivoted, brought in Carney who'd been advising Trudeau. He's put himself up as an outsider, a a competent outsider. A lot of private pri experience in the, in the private domain. You know, a steady hand at the helm. It's like you were Trudeau's economic advisor for 10 years. 10 years. And there's gonna be more of the same under you. And now you're pretending to be an industrialist, even though you were one of the leaders, the world's leading authorities on D-E-I-E-S-G and Net Zero. That's Mark Carney. All you have to do is read his book, which people don't. Of course. 'cause it's a book. You know, first three chapters will do the trick.


Well, now either he's decided that every single thing he ever believed was wrong. Right. To the core and hasn't apologized or let anyone know that. And now he's actually Mr in industry, which is how he's presenting himself to Canadians or, or he believes what he's always believed. Or he Is a wolf wearing grandma's dress. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's a benevolent wolf. Well that's, that's why the wolf wears grandma's dress, isn't it? Yeah. It's like, there's no one nicer than me. So how does, can Canada correct course? Well, people either correct course by waking up or by experiencing severe pain.


And it looks to me like we've chosen the severe pain route. You know, we already make 60 cents. We already produce 60 cents to every dollar you Americans produce, even though we were at parody 10 years ago. And so after four more years of Kearney, we could easily have that down to 50 cents. Spiraling housing prices, A lot of social instability in Canada especially. Yeah. Since after October 7th. Wow. Do you think that that's social? All my Jewish friends in Toronto are terrified. Yeah. That's not fun. I don't like seeing that. No, that's, no, it's awful. It's awful. And all those psychopaths who've been parading around their moral virtue since October 7th, there are plenty emboldened.


Plenty. Yeah, plenty. I know. I'll give you a little example of Canada. So we had the English leadership debate a week ago, and the powers that be, who organized the debate, the legacy media types with CBC radically involved, couldn't figure out how to exclude Rebel media. You know that right wing news, kind of Tabloidy news group from Canada, Ezra Levant, who's been buzzing about for 10 years, causing trouble like a, like a right wing tabloid journalist, which is what he is. Well, they didn't want him in the press scrum for the leaders after the debate. So they canceled it.


They canceled the journalists interviews of the four leading contenders for Prime Minister in Canada. Because some right wing tabloid journalists, they've had a newspaper or a media empire for 10 years. I don't care what you think of it, it's not the point. The point is they canceled, they canceled the journalist scrum after the English language debate. That's so Fascinating. And no one complained That. But that doesn't even make sense. Like if you are in, if you're a presidential candidate and you're or Prime Minister candidate and you're encountering someone that has an opposing perspective, you should have really good answers.


That's It. Oh look, if you're, if your guy's leading, why ask questions? That's the legacy media and candidates, the cbc, right? It's state funded. Right? Right to the core. Right. 1.4 bi. Think about this, Joe, this is our bloody state media. It's so funny. $1.4 billion in direct government subsidy and $600 million in federal advertising per year. $2 billion. Go to the CDBC website on YouTube. You look at their last 20 videos, I'll guarantee that not a single one of 'em has more than 200 views. Right. Which means the people who made the video clips didn't watch them. Right. For that's what you get for $2 billion. Now everyone in Canada who's older than 55 watches legacy media.


Right. And and poll have said he defund the CBC. So you can imagine they're not exactly covering him in a positive way. I watched the debate where he kept getting talked over. Yeah, Yeah. Jag Meet, sing. Fascinating. Watch. He's such fun with his pink turban. Yeah. He's such a fashion icon. Luckily he's gonna lose his own seat and his party's gonna be devastated. That's the socialist. They're gonna be devastated so badly that they won't have official party status. But it's incredible to watch that in Canada where I've always thought, at least your discourse is much more polite. Yeah. Was Was, Yeah. Yeah. Parasites, we've got a lot of, there's a lot of mopping up to do in Canada, well, in our, the country and, And you know, the man who started the reform party in Canada.


So that was the populist end of the conservative movement 20 years ago, maybe a little longer, eventually reunited with the conservatives, earnest Manning or Preston Manning, son of an Alberta premier. He was premier of Alberta for like 40 years. He wrote an article in the Globe and Mail, which was the, it's the Canadian liberal establishment newspaper. And I mean liberal by the classic, you know, old school, small L liberal centrist sort of newspaper saying that Manitoba, Alberta, Saskatchewan should have an immediate constitutional convention immediately on Kearney's ascension to the throne. And Quebec doesn't want pipelines traversing its territory.


And Quebec, one of the, I don't know if you noticed this, but one of the participants in the debate was a Canadian separatist. We literally have a Canadian federal party, federal localized in Quebec, whose stated intent is to break up the country. Hasn't that always been the case with Quebec though? Huh? For a good while. It was provincial, right? I mean they had a provincial party, like a state party. Right. Okay, fair enough. Have your state separatist party. It's for your state. Oh no. We want to have a national party. We wanna be represented in the House of Commons as separatists. Oof.


Yeah. So the country's in. It's very sad. And I was hoping they could Be the 51st date. Yeah, well then, well that's what happened. So two things we back To that. Yes. That was the big one. Carney. Carney showed up just in the nick of time to save the burning damsel from the train tracks or whatever the hell it is. And the Rhetoric. And then Trump, he just timed it so badly and yeah, he didn't know. He didn't know what, what it would do. He didn't know. But that's also, How do you not know that people have national pride? Yeah, he, he knew that, but he didn't know what the electoral consequences would be. He didn't know that that would shift them to the liberals so radically.


And he's gonna pay for that. Because once Kearney is elected, if that happens, Trump will not have a more seasoned enemy in the West Boy. Right. Kearney's very well connected. Very. Especially in Europe and the UK Very well. So, and And Europe and the UK is a mess. Yeah. You might say that. It's a mess. Oh, that's for sure. We've highlighted all the arrests in the UK over social media posts and most people have no idea. Constantine kissing is great with explaining all that to people. It's so funny when he compares it to Russia. Yeah. And he says, how many people got arrested in Russia? How many think got people you got think got arrested in the uk?


And most people are Oh, none. Right. Yeah. No, 4,000. Yeah. Like What? Yeah. Oh yeah. It's unbelievable. There's videos. Well, and Of the internet about, And you can just see this everywhere. So they've implemented these 20 mile an hour speed limits everywhere. And so 20 miles an hour. Yeah. Yeah. Because Joe, that's A bike. You Don't really need a car. Like what are you doing that's so important that you need a car? Oh, like if I have to go to a climate meeting, well I get a car, but the peasants, they don't really need cars. They don't need heat either. Not, not that much heat. Maybe they can stop grandma from freezing. One Of the fascinating things about Bernie Sanders and his anti oligarch tour is they're doing it on private jets.


Yeah. Right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Exactly. So we were in the UK not long ago for this ARC conference and we rented a truck and whenever it went over 20 miles an hour, it beeped at you, just like seatbelt things beep. Oh god. 20 miles an hour. And if you, if you go more than two miles an hour over the speed limit and you get caught, then that knocks one third of your license off. If you do that three times, you don't have a license for a year. Ah, Be be beep Beep. Climate, climate knocking. Oh, climate knock. Oh my god.


Yeah. Yeah. You can tell Tyrant Joe credit score, they use fear and and compulsion and they hate comedians in cars. Right. There's tyrant checklist, hates cars check. Yeah. No sense of humor check. Yeah. Uses fear check uses force check psychopath. Right. I hate to end this on a bleak note, But let's end it on a positive note. Okay. Okay. So what's positive? Young people are flocking back to churches across the west and more to the conservative churches. And the only thing we have to buttress us into the future against the Islamists and the Marxists and the nihilists and the hedonists is our return to our core traditions.


Without that we're done. And so that's happening and in big numbers. And so that's really quite something. The back has been broken of the climate apocalypse narrative. There's plenty of mopping up to do, but half the people know that there's something rotten in the state of Denmark. And that that particular apocalypse is probably not worth giving up all your freedoms for. We've seen a lot of progress on the arc front, like a lot of the things that we've been putting forward, the better story. So that's a return to the foundations of Western civilization that made our, our society the sort of place that dispossessed people will go to voluntarily.


Right. There's lots of people who are starting to understand that that's seriously worth preserving. Right. Energy executives are waking up as far as I can see, to the fact that they could help the world's poor in a serious way. And if they wanna moralize, that would be a, if they want to act morally, that would be a good place to start. There's lots of people who are working to produce abundance. Your country, the US you guys are unbelievably good at that. Way better than any other country in the world. And you generally deliver in times of crisis. And you might just do that again. And so, and then I would say underneath all that, you know, you said you, you're pretty happy to encourage people.


You're very happy when you hear that your show is being helpful to people. And there's lots of people who are consciously trying to aim up and more and more of them all the time. And if enough of enough of enough people do that, we won't need to learn through pain. And we can bring abundance everywhere in the world and we can make the next 50 years an unparalleled success. And we need, we need the faith and courage of Joshua and Caleb to do that. Of course, the future's full of giants and disasters, but if we aim up and we speak the words of truth that make good order out of chaos, then anything's possible.


Sure. Alright, Beautiful. Always enjoy this. Always enjoy our conversations. I appreciate you very much. I appreciate our friendship. It's been great knowing you all these years and watching this crazy journey that you've been on. I'm glad you're doing great. Yeah. Joe, same thing for you man. Like thanks a lot and thanks for your help with Peterson Academy too. My pleasure. Very helpful. Alright, much appreciated. Bye.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Whether you're building the perfect vegetable garden or booking your dream summer vacation, you share your information with all different kinds of people and places, but not everybody who handles your personal information is going to be as careful as you. And it only takes one mistake to expose it to hackers and identity theft. Maybe that's why there's a new victim of identity theft every five seconds in the United States. Fortunately, there's LifeLock, LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a LifeLock US based restoration specialists will help you solve identity theft issues on your behalf, guaranteed or your money back. Plus, all LifeLock plans are backed by their million dollar protection package, meaning LifeLock will reimburse you up to the limits of your plan. If you lose money due to identity theft, you can't control how diligent others are with your personal information. But with LifeLock, you can protect it. Act now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use the promo code JR. E or go to lifelock.com/jr e for 40%. Off terms apply.