
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Let's fucking go. Let's go. Joey Diaz, ladies and gentlemen. What's up? Beautiful. It's Good to see you, my brother. Good to see you. That was great. The club was fucking rare form last Night. Oh, last night was packed. It's been packed all week. It's been really fun. A lot of fun shows. You know, Shane's, Shane, Shane was there last night or the night before last. You know, you're there tonight. It's it's been amazing. Are you coming? Halman is on fire. He's crazy. Holman's on fire. Last night he was on a fire. He's fucking, Me and Adam t were howling.


We were watching him from the balcony and howling such a good community, Joey. It's so nice out here. I bumped into Duncan for breakfast. He's the best. Like we just looked for each other and he's like, what are you doing here? And we sat down. Me and Duncan are gonna corner you and try to get you to move here. Nah, we're gonna, we're gonna figure out. Yeah. Figure you, you belong Here. Every time I come down here, I see something else that like, I had a great time last night. Joe Der Rose is here now too. That's what I heard. Yeah. He just moved here. Is he gonna bring the sandwich shop down here? Yes, he Is. We're gonna open up a sandwich shop out here he is, brother. That's a Good Fucking I say we because I'm gonna be eating. Yeah, he makes good sandwiches out there. It Makes a very good sandwich. Very good sandwich. Yeah. He brought a bunch of 'em. What did he do? Was it Moon Tower last year that he brought 'em?


It might've been, it was Moontower or South by Southwest. One of the two. One of the two last year. He brought like a ton of sandwiches. He had a popup, so he, his, his restaurant did a popup somewhere in Austin. I was like, bro, you gotta open this up here. You'd be killing. It'd be, especially if it's you. Yeah. And people know it's your business. Because I've heard this. Somebody else was telling me about the sandwiches. Very legit. I gotta go up there very Legit. I just don't even know where it is. I don't know if it's in Brooklyn, bro. I wanna kidnap my man g Giovanni and white planes. Bring him out here. Oh, him out Here? Yeah. He'll fuck it. He can't survive outside of Italian neighborhoods though. That guy's the most Italian guy that's ever lived. And you know, they get their stuff up there. Yeah. They get everything. And it's all coming in right from Italy, you know, 'cause a lot of it's imported.


They, they use a lot of imported stuff. Imported Mortadella, imported the peppers. All that stuff that they have, you know, sun dried peppers, sun dried tomatoes. They import all that shit. Yeah. They gotta get that shit. You know. Then it, because if it goes there, then it's got a ship from the boat all the way to Texas. It's a little bit of a pain in mess. But Remember fucking greasy Tony, he used to drive once a month to New Jersey, greasy Tony, and get coconut cuts and fucking chicken cu miss him. Poor greasy Tony. Miss Him. We used to visit him every time we went to Tempe. He was our guy. Remember you said not to drink his Mountain Dew because he made it himself you up for two days. He used to make, that was the strongest mountain fucking dew you could ever taste in your life.


You up for dunk day. Greasy. Tony was such a character. He was such a character. And he became our friend. Yeah, he was a good dude. You know, when we first started going there, I mean, we were visiting him for like 10 fucking years. You know, every time we would do shows in town, we'd go visit greasy Tony. He Had a $20 chicken cutlet sandwich Phenomenal. 15 years ago. Which weighed, yeah. Like I, I was 400 pounds and I would bring it home and try to finish it. Do you remember that steak sub that he would make? What did you call trash can? Yes, that's right. The trash Can. The trash can. It was crazy. Peppers and onions and cheese and fucking, everything was in that thing.


It was crazy. And You know what you're like was that thick When I drove in yesterday, I'm like, this is how things change. I mean, we've been coming here since 95. I know, I, yeah, right. Yeah. I think 99 was the first Time. Yeah. I would do Houston and drive down here and do the lobby in the fucking cap city when they had Oh Yeah. Stand up in the lobby. Yeah. I still remember that. Driving from fucking Houston down here. Not having any money, having to drive back because we couldn't get a hotel room drive back to Houston at the end of the night. And I was looking at this yesterday, like when I landed it was four o'clock traffic. And I'm like, oh my God. This is how we're, we're watching how past civilizations just changed.


Yes. Something happened here and everybody moved here. Yep. And I'm not talking about four or five people. Everybody. Yeah. And that's how civilizations change. We just witnessed it after the pandemic. It's been fucking surreal. Yeah. It has been surreal, surreal, surreal, surreal. To see things change. Yeah. You know what? It's also, there's places that sort of rest on their laurels too much. And whenever that happens, it's easy for another place to rise up that offers something more interesting. So like, Los Angeles was always Los Angeles and like when Gavin Newsome talks about California, he's like, you know, I'm very big on California, very bullish on California.


California has all this industry. Hey Fucko, they're all thinking about moving. They're gone. The only reason why they don't move is 'cause it's too difficult to move. If it was like every business could instantly pull up roots and replace everything and have everything running in a week at the other place, they'd all be gone. They'd all be gone. They just, it's too expensive. It's too expensive to leave versus what you would save and the regulations that you wouldn't have to go through and all the bullshit with all the permits and all the, what California does is overregulate everything. They get as much government involved as possible. They suck as much tax money out of you as possible.


And then they still leave the place of mess. They still have homeless people everywhere. It's still a fucking disaster. It's still a woke shit show of virtue signaling at every level of the government. Still like no course correction at all. They're going further and further into la la land and you're like, Jesus Christ you guys. And so then a place like Austin becomes attractive. You know, because like, it's not like that here. And people are very reasonable. And Austin, the best thing about Austin is it's a blue city in a red state. So it's like balanced. Like this is a saying They have out here, keep Austin weird and surrounded.


So Austin's surrounded by rednecks with guns and like, it keeps the tone more medium. Like the Austin liberals, they're much more just left of center people Like we are. Okay. You know what I mean? Like, in some parts of the country we're considered like far right, you and I far right. It's crazy. It's fucking ridiculous. It's, but it's because everybody went nuts and everyone demanded a whole series of things that you have to agree to in order to be a good person. Like, Fuck off. You know what real The problem is out there. Let me tell you what the real problem, I didn't realize it till I fucking left.


What? That Everybody's too busy tapping themselves on the back. There's A lot of That. Every, when the fires happened, those three women or whatever the fuck Yeah. The chief and whatever. I'm looking at them and I'm like, look at them. Yeah. Yo got jail in their hair. Y got a tattoo on their neck. God forbid, God forbid they can't be cool for just one fucking minute, God forbid. And that, and that's the problem you have out there. It's too many people. I'm so great. This is my idea. And it's great. And it's gonna work. It's not working. You, you're right. I, you're Too stupid to say, You know what? This ain't working. Their egos are so big, they don't have the heart to go. This ain't working.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. Summer is almost here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but You can get chicken Parmesan delivered Catamaran. That's a no lemon meringue. That's a yes. A day in the sun. No. A bottle of rum. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely help you out with that. Get almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You must be legal drinking age. Please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by Region C App for details.


This episode is brought to you by Squarespace. Joe Rogan dot com runs on Squarespace and if we trust it, you can be sure that it'll help you create whatever great looking website you have in mind. And it'll be quick to create too. Thanks to Squarespace, AI powered design tools plus Squarespace's selling tools help you offer services, take payments and streamline bookings all in one place. Start your free trial today at Squarespace dot com. And when you're ready, go to Squarespace dot com slash rogan to save 10% on your first website or domain.


You're right. You're absolutely right. But I don't think it's entirely their fault. It is their fault. But the culture rewards that kind of behavior. This is the problem with having protected classes of people, whether it's gay, lesbian, whatever it is, whether it's your nationality. If you have a protected class of people where you're not allowed to criticize the protected class of people, then they become, you know, Vivek Ramas Swami talked about this in a very interesting way. He was like, it's the tyranny of the underprivileged, or is that what he's called it? The, the tyranny of the marginalized or something along those lines.


But the idea is that this group of people, whether they're trans people or gay people, they get, oh, above everything. Everything you do is amazing. Oh my God, you're so fabulous. You're so, because no one wants to be think thought of as homophobic or transphobic. So you pretend that everything they do is incredible. And so you're gonna be the best firefighter ever. Like, can you carry a burning man out of a building? Girl? You don't have to. If he was in that building, he sh he shouldn't have been in that building in the first place. If I have to carry 'em out. We got other problems that a literal firefighter said that in response to, could she carry her husband out of the building? Like no, you, no you can't. And so you shouldn't be a firefighter. Just like you shouldn't be a bouncer if you can't fight.


You shouldn't be a firefighter. You shouldn't be a firefighter if you can't carry someone out of a, if you can't run up a flight of stairs 'cause you're 260 pounds and five foot seven and a woman. No, no. You shouldn't be a firefighter. You should have to be in like really good shape to be. Now if you're some fucking CrossFits game lady who's some beast and like, yeah, that lady could be a firefighter. Yeah, but it's like, like even guys, like if you're a guy and you're fucking scrawny and you never work out and all you do is smoke cigarettes, maybe you shouldn't be a firefighter. You know, maybe you can. Maybe you can't get up that fucking flight of stairs either. It should be like, it's a physical job where you're rescuing people. You have to be able to physically carry people.


You have to rescue them. Firefighters, when I was a kid were the fucking big beast. Brutal men. Beast. Digging down doors, fucking Houses. They looked like former football players. There was this guy I used to play pool with Ray the Fireman. 'cause everybody in the pool hall, that was Joe the comedian. Everybody had a nickname based on what he did. Ray the Fireman was a fucking house. He's just this big fucking like big Irish guy. You know, like of course he's a fireman. Look at him. That guy's gonna kick down a door, carry your fucking husband, throw him over his shoulder, run through the flames, throw him on the lawn. He does it all the time. He's an animal Like Veto's lover in the Sopranos. Remember he was a fireman.


Yeah, that's remember he was fire. The gay dude. I forgot about that scene. Then he killed himself in real life. Yeah. Oh, did he really? Yeah. After that show. Yeah, because they thought he was gay. I don't know. I read some Of that. I hope it wasn't that. I hope they didn't taunt him for being gay. You imagine. You get your shot. Hey Joey, I got good news and bad news. Good news is you're gonna be on the Sopranos. Bad news is you got a fucking guy And you got a swap spit with him. Yeah, A swap spit on camera. On camera. Yeah, but you're on the Sopranos. Whatcha gonna do. Depends on what you want to do. If you're a regular guy and that's your first acting gig, I suggest you pass. I suggest you pass. I couldn't swap That. You have to be like a Jared Leto type dude to pull that off.


Died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound December 16th, 2008 at the age of 47. And he was a firefighter, a former firefighter. Who knows? I mean, when, when did he die? How long after the show? Try to find That out. Go pull it back up again because it just said so he died in 2008. So the show was running in 2008, right? Yep. Was soprano still on in 2008? No, no. It was off by then. I think. No, 2009. Maybe. I, I don't know. I know. Let's find that out and then we'll have an answer. But I would imagine if you are a guy, an Italian guy or whatever, and you go back to the neighborhood and you've been playing, it ended June 10th, 2007.


So right after it ended, I guess right after it ended, he waxed himself. That's so unfortunate. It's another beautiful thing about the comedy community. Like nobody gives a fuck if you're gay. No, nobody. No. Like Tim Dylan, Tim Di just, he's just one of us. It's just, we're all like the lesbians that come there and hang out, they're just one of us. Just, they're just one of us. No one gives a flying fuck. It's just, if you're not funny, nobody wants to hang out with you if you're not funny. Like get outta the green room, You know what I mean? But if you're funny, who cares? Who cares? No one cares. Do you remember the kid from Houston? Which One? The guy that used to always wear football shirts. Yes.


Where he did he Die? He passed away. He passed. That was my brother. What Was his name? God damnit. I loved him. I loved him. That's the Story. He's fucking escaping my mind With the little hat on. You're gonna remember his name And he'd come up to you and give you a hug all the time. I haven't seen him in so long. When did he die? I don't know, maybe 10 years ago. Did He talk about being gay on stage? No, but he told me he was gay. All the fuck. Oh Yeah. Well he was gay As fuck. He would go to those army things just to fuck men. Well He just looked like a football player. Yes. Like a big form. He looked like a Shane Gillis type dude. Yeah, like a big former football player. But he was gay. But he was gay. He always Wore football jerseys. Always football jerseys. Sweet. That's how he trick him. Sweetheart of a guy. But again, same situation Joey.


That guy was one of us. He just hung out with Us. No, I loved him. Did death. He just hung out with us. I loved that dude to death. It didn't even matter to me that he was, listen, that's never mattered to me. You gotta remember I was a Judas Priest fan in high school, right? That dude just gay as hell. First time I saw him, nobody Knew. Isn't that funny? I Fucking knew him. 79. Nobody comes out with a little hat with a whip. Right? You know I saw him at the Palladium I dude thing coming. Oh my God. Did you ever read? You just have to try to read his book. Really? Jimmy Florentine gave it to me. You have to try to read It. Is it crazy? I'll just tell you one story. That there was a guy in Chicago, like a, a stylist that used to tell him he wanted a dick. Always bust. You know those people, those women.


Come on Joe, come on. What happened? You know? And you're like, come on, it's never gonna happen. And he said finally he got pissed off one day and he took the guy up in his office. He goes, I fucked him so hard. I blew out his O ring. I had to go to the hospital. I'm reading this going, this is my type of fucking guy. My God, I love this fucking guy. Well you gotta think what Rob Halford did when he was at the head of Judas Priest. He got all these straight guys to dress like they're in a gay biker gang because they wanted to be cool like Judas Priest. He changed the style of a kind of music. He really did. It was amazing. I loved him. I loved How many straight guys dressed like gay bikers. Not even knowing what they were doing. They just thought, you know, this is how you dress for this kind of music.


But it was because of Rob Alfred Fucking Rob. And he's still out. You know, I had him on a show once. There he is that bad motherfucker. You got another thing coming. I had a buddy of mine in high school who loved that song and he used like a quote of it in his, in his yearbook. And I've always remember thinking, wow, that's the coolest quote. Like if you think you're gonna sit around, let you chip with me. But way my brain. Listen I ain't fooling. You better think again out there is a fortune waiting to be, had to be. You think I'll let it go? You are mad. You got another thing coming. Fucking great album. Great shit. That kid never did anything though. No, he never left the town. No. He fell apart. And here's school.


The weirdest thing about Judas Priest. What His writing? That's what I fucking died about. His writing. 'cause he would write and you're thinking, he's writing about a woman. He's writing about Assholes. He's writing about a man and he has a song called Burning Up that is so fucking over the top. I know you feel the same. I know you feel the flame burning deep inside of you, burning you up. It's called Chlamydia. Breaking you down, breaking you out in a cold sweat. But when you lose control of your very soul, your desire takes over. You'll feel the heat wave.


You'll answer my way. And suddenly you know that you're burning up. Ooh, that is a bad mother. When I heard that, I'm like, oh, Let me hear that Jamie. We'll have to edit this outta the YouTube for the folks at home, please seek it online. Here we go. Listen to the way it starts. It's like a satellite. This is back before satellites. Like before we had modems. Ooh, This is 1980. This is on a hell bent for leather tour.


You could let songs cook back then. You know, like Time Pink Floyd time. Oh baby, guess what? Just got added to the Spotify playlist. Stitch me up so I string you up to keep You hanging around. Only you dish the hot stuff up button you keep me weed in. Right? So I'll play it done until your body is breaking. We've got to make a love. Let time is right. We've got to make a love tonight.


You Make me that you won't my food, but I'll make, there You go. Hot, hot, gay love. So when I read Coming at You, when I read those lyrics, I'm like, that's the most brilliant fucking thing. That's the dark. The darkest thing about gay people today is that some of 'em are in the closet other than homophobia is that other than pe there's are genuinely people that hate gays. But that's rare. Nobody hates Gays. No, there's, there's People hate people. It's 2025. I can't see you. You know, it's all around us.


So if you're still hating, you got a fucking problem There. There's guys that have been molested when they were young. They get angry at gay people. Not on. And not, not that it makes sense, I'm not justifying it, but I, I've met guys that had problems with gay people that were like very scared around gay people. But it was 'cause they got molested by a pedophile. Right? That happens. Pedophile and being gay big is two different fucking Things. Big difference. So I'm just saying like there are people and there's very religious people that don't like gay people, but most normal people don't give a fuck. Most normal people don't give a fuck and they shouldn't. It's stupid. It's a dumb thing to think about. You know, I don't, it's just like, if you're not having sex with me, what do I care? Like who cares?


This episode is brought to you by the farmer's dog. I've been asking dog owning friends what they feed their dogs. And most of them are surprised by the question. And I get it. For decades, kibble was the only option. But as humans have been eating healthier, companies like the farmer's dogs started feeding dogs healthier too. Because when your dog eats freshly made human grade food owners notice a bunch of positive changes, including weight loss and higher energy levels. Basically happier dogs. Did you know that overweight dogs can live an average of 2.5 years less? And did you know that 60% of dogs are overweight? So when my friends say I just feed my dog kibble or whatever, I tell them, no, you gotta think about this one. You have to try the farmer's dog because no one dog or human should be eating highly processed food for every meal. So try the farmer's dog today and get 50% off your first box of healthy, freshly made food plus free shipping. Just go to the farmer's dog.com/rogan, tap the banner or visit this episode's page to learn more. The offer is for new customers only.


Now the way I grew up, you know the Cuban men side of me was supposed to, right? The pre-revolution Cuban, they Like Italians too. Catholics, they won't go In a room if there's a gay man in the room. I always thought that was the fuck you can't be in. I won't go in there. Why? Because you're a machismo type of dude. So that, but my mother was the one that goes, no, they're fucking. And then we had a gay guy in our neighborhood. I told you about this guy. He was, he worked with my mother. He was a designer on Broadway for some plays. He would design the Cowfish, okay. But at night he sold Coke. He was like, this is like 1975. And he would come to the bar and I knew he was gay.


His name was Ing. And we called him Ing and Mari, because that's what that means in Spanish. Maricon means fag in Spanish. So that was his open name in the Cuban community. But one day he came into my mother's bar and there was two bookies. I was like a kid. I was playing that shuffleboard. Remember when you play the sawdust and you spray, I'm playing the shuffleboard. And he was right there. And the two bookies were in the corner. And the one guy goes, look who it is. My thing of might. And this motherfucker pulled out of 32. Oh Jesus. And he goes, listen, I'm gonna tell the both of these that unless you suck my dick or I fucking you in the ass, you don't have the right to call me Martin a fag. So say it again. I'm gonna shoot both of these. And my mom's yelling at him.


Martin, Martin Coco's behind you. If they start shooting at each other, I'm right here. I look, I looked my head up. I'm like, oh. And Martin's like, and all of a sudden Martin left. So the next day I guess he called my mother to apologize. And Martin, my mother made Martin come and apologize to me. And when he opened the door and he was like, I'm very sorry about pulling out the gun. I go, fuck that. You're my new Charles Bronson. I gave him a fucking hug. And he became my best friend after that. And I respected him because he was going through hate. Yeah, really hate Like in the mid seventies. Yeah. He would come back once a week with a black eye or a busted lip. He went to a bar in the village and there'd be guys waiting for him on the way out. And I always respected that dude. Like always respected him for that.


The problem with bullies and bigots and all people that attack people like that is all the, is the same problem in all walks of society. It's weak men. It's almost always just weak men. Weak stupid men that wanna find someone to pick on. Wanna find someone that's not bothering them at all and fuck with them. 'cause they're weak. That's all it is. That's all it is. It's all But that, that's all it is. Like the woke people that scream at you and want you to do what they want. The people that wanna like spray paint swastikas on Teslas, it's the same thing. It's weak men, mostly weak men, a bunch of crazy women. And they're all together in this big pile of suck that's connected to a political ideology.


But most people, you know, you shouldn't care. And if you do care, you just weren't around. I, I was around gay people when I was real young. Fortunately I lived in San Francisco Gotcha. When I was seven years old and we were in the middle of gay land. I mean, it was San Francisco in the seventies. Dude. It was gay as fuck during the Vietnam War in San Francisco. I remember I'd be walking down the street with my stepdad once and a guy whistled at him. I was like, oh shit. Like, kinda uncomfortable. Like he didn't freak out. He is just like shook his head. Shook his head like, what the fuck? When they whistled, I Know with a little kid he's walking with a 7-year-old and this guy whistled him down. That guy didn't give a fuck about kids. He is not making any, he doesn't care.


So we had these next door neighbors who, these gay, this gay couple. And my aunt used to smoke weed with them and they'd get naked and play bongos. And she loved the fact that she could get naked with these guys 'cause they didn't, didn't try to fuck her. So they all just get naked together and smoke weed and play bongos. It was hilarious. They were really nice people. So like my experience with gay people was just like, they're everywhere. It's normal. So when I moved to Florida, I had a, a friend, my friend was Cuban, his name was Candy, his last name was Candido. We called him Candy. And Candy was with his dad. And his dad throws a newspaper down on the fucking table. God damnit. And he's like, whoa, what's going on? It's like, these fucking fags are trying to marry each other.


And I remember I was 11 years old and I was like, why do you care? Like he was getting, he threw the newspaper at the table 'cause of gay marriage. I'm like, why do you care? I'm like, what a fool. You're a grown ass man. And you care about that. Like who cares if they get married? He cu Yeah, I know he was Cuban, But he Was mad bro. But fucking Oh yeah. Oh yeah. They Wasn't trying to get married because you know, they've been fucking with gays, with marriage forever. It's so wrong man. It's So wrong. There's nothing, listen, I see it And it doesn't bother me at all. It's just like everything else doesn't bother me at all. It's just there's a certain percentage of society that are just born gay. And there's plenty of them to hang out with each other.


And they should be your friends. Scott? Yes. Scott? No, the the football player. Oh yes, Scott. That's his first name. Now we gotta work on his last name. Oh God. Damnit Scott. Yeah. I need to call somebody otherwise this is, do you got Maddie Kirsch's number? We should call Maddie Ker. He would know. No, Somebody that's Gonna drive me nuts. Somebody from Houston would know. 'cause I don't want to call somebody online and have to describe him. And then people go, oh, well you described Scott. Well, what I was thinking you were saying was Jeff Scott. Jeff Scott from the comedy store was another example of the gay guy who was our brother. Brother. He was our brother. That guy. That's it. Scott Kennedy. Scott Kennedy. Look at him with his New Orleans shirt On.


Scott Kennedy was awesome. Awesome. Sorry, I forgot his name. But he's not around to be embarrassed. How Did at, how did He die? I don't know. Look at him with Craig Fergus. He Always had football jerseys on. Always. He, I mean, that guy did not look gay. Like he looked like a big old football player. Like you could see him in the backyard, you know, like, like smoking a whole hog with a bunch of boys drinking Bud Lights. But here's the problem. Here's what I felt from Scott. 'cause I met him in Houston and then we connected in LA in like 2000 When he hugged me. I didn't feel threatened. No, not At all. When Jeff Scott hugged me, never. I never felt Threaten. No, no, no, no, No, no. I, I have to. Eric Rocha, when he hugs me, my, the kid at the comedy store, I hugged him with all my fucking heart.


And I don't even feel that type of shit. I never felt that. I've only felt that once ever from one comedian. And it was at the Montreal Comedy Festival and he was drunk and he wouldn't stop. He kept touching me too. Kept touching me and telling me he wanted me to take me upstairs. Yeah. That was very unfortunate because he was just drunk. And I don't even think he thought I was gay. And I don't even think he thought I would do it. I think he was just trying to make me uncomfortable, you know? But he was definitely like last call for alcohol, like hitting on people. And he was hammered. But I was thinking like, imagine being a girl and this is happening where you fear for your life. 'cause I threatened him. I said, dude, I'm gonna stomp a fucking hole in your chest if you keep doing this, leave me alone.


And that was enough. But if you're a girl, you can't say that. If you're a girl, you gotta go seriously. Leave me alone. You gotta find authorities. You gotta go to the fucking, go to the front desk, go to the bar, like the, the check out people and say, can you guys call the police? Please? This guy, I don't know. I don't wanna walk to my car. Can someone walk me to my car? You gotta be worried about that. That sucks. But that's rare with guys that, that's not happened to me once in 57 years where a guy uncomfortably hit on me. It wouldn't stop. But one other time at the store. But that wasn't as, as blatant. It was just, he kept touching me. Like, stop fucking touching me.


You know, there's, there's gay guys that like push those limits. Like if you were a girl and a guy kept putting his hand on your leg, he'd be like, Hey, stop doing that. Like, why do you keep grabbing me? Why do you keep touching my body? Why do you keep touching my legs? Stop. That's fucking weird. You're crossing lines and I don't know what other lines you're thinking about crossing. So let's stop this. But that's not most gay people. You know, I have these friends that I live next to in California. They're gay and they're super Republican now. It's hilarious. I've followed them on Facebook. They're fucking super Republican now.


They're, they're all in against the Dems, how they've ruined California. 'cause these guys are, they're conservative gay couple. They're married, they got a kid. And they're just like, enough of this, The world is changing, brother. Yeah, well that it's changed a lot. That's a good thing that the world is changing, you know, because there's, do you know the guy who invented the Turing test? Do You know what the Turing test is? No. His name's Alan Turing. And he's, he as a scientist, he, he invented a test that they say AI has passed. And this test is where you can talk to a computer and not be able to tell that it's a computer.


That it behaves like a human. It thinks like a human, it communicates like a human. Where it's indiscernible. That's the, the Turing test. AI has recently passed the Turing test. Well this guy, this, this, he was in England when this happened, right Jamie? Where they, they forced him to take medication. He got arrested for being gay in like the 1950s. And they forced him to take medication that made him sterile, made him impotent so he couldn't have sex. Like they, they forced him to take like hormone blockers that they give to sex offenders, you know, chemical castration. When they did that to sex offenders and then he killed himself. The guy who invented the method of determining whether or not AI has become sentient gets murdered by dumb apes who don't like that he's gay.


How crazy is that? I'm not fucking that story up, right? I'm confirming, I'm pretty sure that's the story. Who do They give you blockers to to sexual offenders? When do they give you that? Well, they don't always do it, you know, but it's called chemical castration. And by the way, it's the same chemicals, the same drugs that they use on kids when they give 'em hormone blockers. So when you talk to a a, they're talking about a child getting puberty blockers, you know? Oh, it's totally reversible. The fuck it is, the fuck it is. That's the same shit. It's chemical castration. It's not reversible. That child is never gonna fully develop.


If they get on hormone blockers, then when they're 18 they go, You know what? I think I actually am a man too late. Too late. Because from 13 to 15 you suppressed your testosterone. Okay, here it is. Turing was later convicted by the advice of his brother and his own solicitor. And he entered a plea of guilty in the case Regina versus Turing. And Murray was brought to trial on the 31st of March, 1952. Turing was convicted and given a choice between imprisonment and probation, his probation would be conditional on his agreement to undergo hormonal physical changes designed to reduce libido known as chemical castration. He accepted the option of injections of what was then called still straw, now known as di Dil still straw or DESA synthetic ostro.


His feminization of his body was continued for the course of one year. The treatment rendered touring impotent and caused breast tissue to form in a letter touring. Wrote that, no doubt I shall emerge from at all. A different man, but quite who I've not found out. Murray was given a conditional just discharge. So Murray must have been the guy he was having sex with. That's so crazy, man. Yeah. Arrested for being gay. 1954 at his house. Turing's housekeeper found him dead postmortems held that evening, determined that he had died from a previous day at age 41 with cyanide poisoning, cited as the cause of death. He had an apple lay half eaten beside his bed.


Although apple's not tested for cyanide, it was speculated this was the means in which Turing had consumed a fatal dose. So he fucking killed himself 'cause they chemically castrated him. You know, founder of computer science and crypto cryptographer whose work was key to breaking the wartime enigma codes. So this guy like helped the British crack codes and what'd they do? They injected him with poison so that his dick wouldn't work. So he couldn't fuck eyes anymore, which is what he wanted. He was, imagine if they were, everyone was gay, everyone and you were straight and you're like, I don't want any dick.


This is crazy. Like, guys keep trying to offer your dick. Like, no, no, no, no. Is there anything else? And then you meet girls like, oh look, they're so soft and so pretty. That's what I like. I was like girls. And like, no you don't. No, you're gonna take this gay drug until you get that outta your system. Or we're gonna chemically castrate you. You can't be having sex with girls. Like, but but they're so pretty. They're so lovely to be around. I'm so attracted to them. No, no, no, no. Only guys. That's crazy. That's so stupid. These people, especially like when you get to like serious fundamentalist rigid religions, which wanna throw them off roofs. This part is Middle East.


They throw 'em off the roof, they round up all the gay guys. Whew. Throw 'em off the roof and everybody watches and cheers. Yay. Crazy. Like I said, it's a different world out there my Friend. It is a different world out there. But it's the world out there that could be just like the world here. It could go this way here. Like this is what people don't understand. Just how Los Angeles fell apart. The United States could fall apart too. You know, like look at Iran, we were looking at Iran the other day in photographs in the 1970s. Girls had miniskirts. They all look really hot. The guys had no shirts on with six packs walking down the street, everyone's smiling. Looks like Europe. It looks like you're in Italy. And now it's a religious run country.


It's run by a dictatorship. Like you. You criticize the government, they execute you. They executed a Olympic gold medalist in wrestling. Yeah, the UFC even tried to get them to stop. They plead, they pleaded to try to get 'em to stop. They tried to get Trump to get 'em to, or it was about during the Biden administration or the Trump administration, I don't remember. But they tried to get the president to somehow or another talk to Iran and not kill this guy. They killed him because he spoke against the government Allegedly. But you don't even have to really have spoken against the government. That's what's so scary. You just have to be accused of speaking against the government. I mean, to this day and age, any, like a friend of mine's Twitter account got hacked and he got phished.


They sent him an email and he didn't, you know, he is not that sophisticated with that stuff. And so he got phished and then I heard he got phished. So I go to my Twitter just 'cause I never checked my dms, but I did it just 'cause I knew he got phished. And I went into my DM And it was him asking me for my email address after he got phished. So I was like, this motherfucker he's trying to get me now. So someone can easily get your account and then, or use, you know, some sort of code crack or figure out your code, then start posting stuff for you against the government. Especially if you're in Iran. Like they, they probably already have all your passcodes for everything over there.


They've probably been like spying on everybody's computer from the jump. They probably just go to the database. What's Joey Diaz's Facebook password. Okay. Post a bunch of shit there about these gov. The people in government should all be lined up and shot. They, they all suck dicks secretly. They, they're all eating babies. Just make 'em say something like that and then let's go round them up. And then if you don't have any due process, that's the kinda shit that dictators do. They just round you up.


Wow. This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. It's not always fun to talk numbers. I get it. But it can be useful, like seeing how much you spend on groceries or entertainment in a month. That's good to know when you're creating a budget. If you run a business, you probably want to keep track of wages, cash flow, profit margins, growth rate and so on. But here's another stat you may want to pay close attention to. According to ZipRecruiter, 76% of employers plan to expand their head count this year. That's a ton of time going into hiring. If you're one of those businesses, stay on top of it with ZipRecruiter. Their latest feature, zip intro is exactly what you need. Try it for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro lets you post jobs and start talking to qualified candidates the very next day. Saving you time. It gives you the power to quickly go through top talent and set up back to back calls. Just pick who you want to talk to and a time and zip intro will help make it happen. Save time. Hiring for 2025 with zip intro. Just go to ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan right now to try zip intro for free. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro post jobs today. Talk to qualified candidates tomorrow. Dunk it.


Scare the, the shit outta me. We're talking about this the other day about Ukraine and and Russia. He's like, you know, there's people in Russia that are just in Russia because they tweeted against the government. And You know what they do with those people? They put 'em in prison. And You know what happens when the war breaks out? They give him the option. Like you could either be in jail forever or You can go fight in the war. And so they go to the front line and they get killed by American weapons guys who are tweeting against Putin. It's like You can use it to get rid of his political enemies. Crazy. And this is all while you and I at the same time hanging out in Boston or hanging out in Austin rather eating barbecue. You know, like it could go that way here too.


Just like it went that way in Iran. It could go that way in the United States. Just like LA fell apart. LA 20 years ago was amazing. Amazing. You remember LA in 2005? We were having the time of our lives. 96, 97. Oh my God. Seven. We were having the time of our lives unbeliev. The restaurants were great. There was music playing everywhere. It was fun. There was a lot of great comedy. We had a good group of guys we're all hanging out with. LA was great. Yeah, there was still some traffic, but you know, it was, the weather was great. People were generally pretty nice, a lot nicer than they were on the East Coast. It's not even the same place anymore. And that can happen anywhere. That can happen in the United States. If something terrible happens in the United States, new laws get passed.


New restrictions that can happen anywhere. That's why I talk about it so much. People are like, why do you obsess about it so much? 'cause you need to be paying attention because when it's too late, when they've already got complete control of what you can say on social media and they got you locked down, you're in trouble. You're in trouble. Because so many other things are coming that they're aware of. And the big one is automation. Joey, when automation comes, and this is what Andrew Yang was kind of running on when he was running for president. And I had him in And it was a very interesting conversation 'cause it was something that I hadn't considered. That all these jobs are gone. You know, when there's parts of the world, like there's ports in China now where it's a hundred percent controlled by robots.


There's a few people that run around do maintenance and stuff, but everything screens, everything is super efficient. These robots pick up the packages, they make an inventory of everything's in there. Everything gets logged into the computer. They, they put it into these trucks and before you know it, they're gonna have electric trucks that drive themselves. That's Why the strike happened in Jersey All over. With the teamster. Yes, with the longshoremen. Yes. Because they know it. They don't have much left, they don't Have much time left. They don't have much time left. It's Fucking crazy how industry has just dwindled in this country. I know. You know, and Americans really don't see that. See? 'cause everybody's fucking into traveling and being cool.


The gift that I had from doing comedy was I really got to see the country. I really got to see the ins and outs. And when I was a feature act, I would ask questions. You know, like when you don't sit in a hotel all day and you just go out and you go to a movie theater and Right. You ask questions and people tell you, oh my God, that's a great restaurant. Go there. You know, you look at cities like Cleveland, okay, I don't know if a lot of people know this. 20 years ago with all the jokes and shit, Cleveland had more Puerto Ricans than New York City. Really? Because there was a fucking car plant there. Oh. And they were building cars there. You know, I remember being a fucking kid and going to Detroit for a basketball tournament or something stupid. And seeing that city, it was 19 76, 77, that city was fucking booming.


Detroit was one of the richest cities in the world. Booming. Yeah. It was the murder capital at the time. But Booming. Was it still even back then? Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Because when I met my buddy in the eighties, it was, he was in Detroit And it was the murder capital, but 75, 76, that city was booming, bro. Yeah. You know, Buffalo, New York, booming Fisher-Price, all these other companies left. Mm. You know, that's what I saw. Cleveland, Pittsburgh. Yeah. Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh Steel. Yep. I went to Pittsburgh two years ago. Half the shit was closed down, brother. Yep. You know, so when I looked Youngstown, huh? Same thing. Youngstown. What? No, wasn't it was downtown Pittsburgh? Like just around that area? I Went to Pittsburgh. No, but Youngstown was like that too. Right? Was it Youngstown was a much better environment than it is now.


Yeah. I believe Tony told me, Tony's from Youngstown, They have destroyed those parts of the country now. I don't know what happened in Nebraska. They could have had their own problems in Wyoming. I just know that little stretch Buffalo, Cleveland, you know fucking Cincinnati. Yep. All those towns that were booming Yep. Have just Disappeared. They got gutted. All the jobs went overseas. So if you gonna bring this country back, it's gotta start with that. We gotta go back to that, that to make us strong again. And yeah, we're gonna have to fucking sweat it out for 10 months. But You know what, three years, 10 years ago, I fucking was getting those a hundred dollars a day movies and I said, I'm not doing them anymore for a year. I didn't work as an actor. Then finally I got a high scale movie because I kept saying no.


Yeah. To the low movies. That's how you lift up a little bit. That's how you bump up by just saying, fucking no, we didn't wanna do this all of a sudden and we need to do this. We need to get this country hopping again. Hopping. Well, the problem is they gave corporations an opportunity to make more money at the sacrifice of all those jobs in America. And the problem with corporations is they're, they have an obligation to constantly make more money And labor. Yeah. Labor. But, but no, but that's the way you make more money is by having no labor. No labor. And it, and not just that no health insurance. This is, you know, the Ron, not Ron Paul March his name Ross Per Ross per talked about that we were talking about with Ron White the other day.


That he was explaining that if you change these regulations and make it cheaper and easier for these people to go and make, he said, you're gonna hear a giant sucking sound as all the businesses go south. And that's exactly what Happened. That's exactly what happened. And He, he called that in the 1990s. That was My boy. Yeah. I voted for Him. I love rush. Per always did. Always. That's a real fucking American right there. He was. They threatened him, dude. They, they threatened his, his family. Like he pulled out of the, he was gonna run again a second time and he said he's not gonna do it because his family was under threat and that he considered serious. He was dangerous 'cause he, he could ruin the election. Like he bush they thought was gonna win a second term.


But Ross Pro came along and conservative people that didn't really wanna believe in their Republican party anymore. They're like, this party's just as full of shit as the left. They saw this Ross Pro guy and they went, oh, okay. And he took a considerable amount of the vote and most of it would be against what Herbert Walker Bush would've got. And then Clinton came along and fucking wasn't even supposed to win that year. Bam. Now he's in Let's Gold Remember that Paying for this with your money. Yeah. I'm paying for this with my money. Exactly. Yes. That was his fucking classic shit. Yeah, that was hysterical. You remember when he had that half hour show on TV where explained how the Federal Reserve works? I don't remember that. Yeah. He took over a, he bought a a half hour of regular primetime TV to explain to people how you're getting fucked.


He's explaining all the scams that you're, that, that are being run on you that you don't know about. And this is why I'm running, running for president. I'm like, whoa, look at this guy. That guy fucking did something that a lot of people don't know. Yeah. And his employees got kidnapped and Iran and he went in there and took him out and he hired like a, like a, a Lon Brando from Apocalypse Now to train his employees. Really? Yeah. He was a retired colonel, some badass Vietnam. So was his actual employees that went and got them out. Yeah. That's the story. Wow. He, he trained, he made his employees, it's a for we're a family. Whoa. We're going on. And he made a promise to the people's families that he would have 'em back by Christmas and he had 'em back by Christmas.


Wow. And, and they, Kissinger kept giving 'em fucking a hard time. Bunch of people kept giving 'em a hard time. He did not give a fuck. He goes, I'm doing it. I gave those people my word. His word was worth dog. How much money was he worth? Billions. Yeah. He was a billionaire Back then in the, in nineties, already Eighties. I believe so how much money was Ross per worth? He was a billionaire. Yeah. Which back then. So 1990 billionaire. It's probably like, it's probably just double the billions, whatever it is. Probably something like that. Or maybe triple the billion. Was He, did he get oil money At the time? 92. He was the 13th wealthiest man in America. Net worth around 4 billion.


So what is 4 billion from that time worth today? Let's guess 3 billion. Let's guess that's, That's 8 billion. Eight. Yeah. I'm gonna say nine two. I might be way off though. I'm just, I'm completely guessing. Just under seven. Yeah, we're both wrong. Hmm. So that's a lot of money though. Still. It's almost double. Doug, what about the chief of police in my hometown? That shit on his desk. Yeah. Why'd he do that? I Know. Was he proven a point? What was the, what was up with that? You know, man, I heard he is a good dude, but he's a prankster.


Oh He's, he's like a prankster type of dude. He sends fucking, So he is like Ari Shafi. Yeah. He sends like packages to your house and he's one of those dudes, you know? Mm. And I, I don't know. That's, I guarantee he was like a joke And it just blew up. Now it's national now you got nowhere to go, you know. Oh my God. Did you see what Ari did once when he shoved a note up his ass and he shitted out on stage and read it. Look your face. I don't want nobody to read a note outta their ass. I don't want you shitting in the room with me. What kind of parasites and bugs and Fucking No, he's got hemorrhoids.


He's got All sorts of stuff is flying through the air. Every breath you breathe is Ari shit. Gas flying around. He's a fucking nut. He's nuts. He's so crazy. He has not stopped at all. Like it has not ended. No, I'm going to his thing next week. He's never grown up. No. No, he's never grown up. It's not happening. But he's getting married, right? He got married or something like that. He's already married. Yeah, I'm going. He's got a little celebration. Yeah, I'm Gonna always party and shit. Look, I don't even know what the fuck it is. It's gonna be a a fucking carnival of psychopaths Talk. I was telling you the other night I got really fucking high. I got home and I couldn't sleep and I started watching old fights.


I even watched a Papino Quavis fight. Oh yeah. That dude was fast. Yeah, he was good. He was good. And I watched You ever see him versus Tommy Hearns? No. See if you can find Papino Cuve versus Tommy Hearns. Well, I watched, I'm 90% sure that's who I'm talking about. Papino Cuve was I think a little thinner of a guy. I don't Know. Wasn't he even 47? Maybe I'm Wrong. Thomas Hearns was a 47. Yes. He started his career at 47. Went all the way up to light heavyweight. Yeah. Papino Quas versus Tommy Hearns. One of the most memorable moments of the early days of Tommy Hearns is like when he was like at the peak of his powers, Tommy Hearns was Nuan people.


Man. Just nuan people.


This episode is brought to you by blinds.com. Alright, listen, upgrading your window treatments can totally transform your space And it can help you save on energy bills. Yeah. Blocking the heat out. Keep the cool in. But is it worth the hassle? It is with blinds.com because they changed the game. There's no waiting around all day for a salesperson to show up, just to get a quote, blinds.com makes it easy. Just jump online and browse for yourself or do a virtual consultation with one of their award winning experts and you get free samples sent to your house to check out the goods before you buy. Do it yourself or let blinds.com handle the measure and installation for you. You can even get all your windows measured for free. No hidden fees, just upfront pricing. Zero Bs. Now's the time to score big with spring Black Friday deals going on right now. In fact, right now they're offering my listeners an exclusive 40% off their entire order. Just go to blinds.com and use the promo code Rogan 40 at checkout Limited time offer rules and restrictions apply.


This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. Sometimes speed is a huge asset, like in the ring or on the field. Being quicker than your opponent could be the difference between winning and losing in the world of business. It could be the difference between finding or missing out on your next great hire. Luckily you can speed up the hiring process with ZipRecruiter. Their new zip intro feature can help you meet several interested qualified candidates at once, kind of like speed dating. And right now you can try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro works fast to find the people you need. You can literally post your job today and start talking to candidates in back to back calls tomorrow. It's that fast. And best of all, this feature does a lot of the legwork for you. It finds you top talent for your role and schedules those calls. All you need to do is pick a time, enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with zip intro only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro post jobs today. Talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


He had such a reach and such width for 45. He was such a physical freak and he was big, but he had cra, I mean long and skinny, but crazy Power was like generally like thin guys don't have the same kind of power as like the muscular guys. But Tommy Hearns was kind of like Deontay Wilder. He was both thin and muscular at the same time. And so, you know, real skinny legs man. But my god, the fucking torque that guy had in his punches. You gotta think of the leverage. 'cause his shoulders are so wide. So it was when he twists his hips and he's got those long arms coming your way with all those fucking back muscles and the core engaged fucking beam.


Hey Beam. When was the last time there was a fight like this in Detroit? Well, Tommy's from Detroit. No, no, but I'm saying they don't even have fights like this in Detroit. They're so poor up. Is this, was this in Detroit? Yeah. Oh wow. Well that's Tommy's hometown. You know he was hunting people. You ever see him knock out Roberto Duran? Oh, I watched it. That's what I was watching. I watched. Listen to the triple feature. I watched. I watched Duran Haggler, Haggler. Oh, Holmes. Yeah. Back that up a sec. Back that up a sec. Look, he's measuring him with his left. Watch this. He's measuring him and watch this. Boom. Holy shit. Oh my goodness, son.


Holy shit. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. That Tommy Hearns. That kind of power was crazy. Yeah, you better stop that fight. My goodness. Tommy Hearns Was all fucking Pipe. He was a one hitter quitter. Faceplant Roberto Duram Bro. Him and Aler fucking, what a crazy fight. I had to stop and roll it back. He rolling it back. The crazy thing about that fight is they, they did not box at all. They went to war. They went to war. There was no boxing slipping. There was no fainting. Marvin Haggard just said fuck you. And ran at him.


He just ran at him and just fucking, just started smashing. It was nonstop. Yeah, that was like half, it was non fucking stop. Tommy broke his hand in the first round. So in the first round when they first come out the gate. Yeah. The greatest round of boxing. Look at this shit. Yeah. Yep. God Heckler was good. He's another one who died right after the vaccine. Look at this right away, right hook to the body. Just charging. Charging forward. Charging forward. Fuck this, fuck this. Boxing on the outside. I'm trying to get in there. Boom. To the body again. Boom. Right hand.


Boom. Just going to fucking war. Dude right here. I mean high profile, two world champions completely throwing it all out the window, just wailing on each other. Holy shit, Joe. Boom. Left hand Haggler, boom, boom. The thing about Haggler was his discipline was fucking supreme man. That never got that guy never got outta shape. He always could break guys, break their will. Boom, boom, boom. So by this time, Tommy probably already has a broken hand. So he broke it on Hagglers head somewhere in the first.


So now he's throwing the jab. So I bet his hand's already broken. See, it's all left hands now he threw that right hand. But he was weak, you know? Yeah, he didn't, he didn't really hurt him with the right hand. He's like pulling it back as he's throwing it. He's the right thing now. See, he's just trying to touch him with that right hand that that left hand has. He is got left, his right hand is cooked and Hearns has decided to start moving and boxing, which is not like his style. Trying to off Balance. See like even when he's landing that right hand, he is got no power behind it. Now Fighters are really off balance And sugar ray letters talking shit in the commentary. Both fathers on balance.


Now that was the right hand of Tommy Herns And it did catch Haggler, but he didn't take a backward step there. Haggler could take a shot too. Better than anybody. He only has one knockdown accredited to him as an entire career, but it wasn't a knockdown. He fought, Ron rolled in and Ron Juan rolled in, like kind of cuffed him in the back of the neck and like pushed him forward And Haggler fell forward and touched the ground and the referee mistakenly called it a knockdown. The only time he's ever been down took bombs from the greatest punchers in the division. Beat everybody except Sugar Ray. And I think the only reason why he lost the sugar Ray was I think the fix was in that fight. Son. I watched that fight many times. Many times. Yeah.


There's something about it. Something about it. And then Hagger leaves and goes to become a movie star in Italy. Come on. And his trainers of the Petronelli brothers in Brockton, Massachusetts. Come on. Shut the fuck up. You know how much money was on Haggard to win? Probably, you know, there probably was some sort of a deal. Like look, the odds are very favorable in Haggard's direction and we can get a bet on Leonard. We can clean up here. We can get Marvin to just like, you know, don't put him away. Just touch him a little bit. Touch him. He never has him hurt. Never has him hurt in the whole fight. Just, he was so good. I just, he didn't seem right.


It seemed like almost he was like sparring sometimes. Hard to say though. Sugar Ray was so good too. The guy could come back after all those years off. You know, he had one fight, got dropped, said he was retiring, and then comes back and decides he's gonna fight Haggler. And then he wins and then Hagger's like, I'm done, I'm done. I'm gonna go to Italy and make terrible movies. You ever see those Marvin Hacker movies? No. Oh, you gotta see some clips. No, Joey, they're the dumbest movies of all time. No hacker punches people. They go flying through the air. No, I'm not watching that. I love Marvin Hacker too much. No, they're fun. Look, he was having a good time.


I bet he was a huge star in Italy. But that's that to me it's like everything seems fishy. The fight seemed fishy to me. The decision seemed fishy to me. And then Haggler goes off and becomes a movie star. And I go, okay, in Italy, how does that happen? How do you get connected? How does that happen? Look how bad this movie is. Clin East would call how bad this movie is. All the power of commando. The World has to know what's happening here. It's the thrill packed feature action fans awaiting for. I want those Indios marvelous Marvin Haggler returns from the original Indio Indio two bar vol.


The Jungle is shrinking It. The highway for jungle, it paid by the Mile And greed is spreading. You better start praying to your God that we finished the highway before the rainy season Here. Only one man is mean enough. I know many of us May die, but it is better to die than to live like slaves. Mad enough. Tell Them the days of running and hiding are over. This is your land. You lead us, my friend. Sometimes It's hilarious. I honestly one Italian, there's not one fucking Italian. That guy, that guy, that guy. That guy. This mustache. That was Sergio.


I gotta be in this movie. You get, you hit me with a left hand. Come on. I got one scene. Hilarious. Wow. I didn't even know that shit. Yeah, That guy was my hero when I was a kid. And they Didn't even make him like a shaft or anything. They made him go into like the fucking, I could see if we put 'em with kind of Italian movies. It's an Italian movie. They made 'em in Italy. There was a lot of movies being made in Italy. That's why they call those spaghetti westerns. Right. You know that. Did you ever hear of those store? Like how interesting that is? The Sergio Leone movies? Well, I, I just saw something about maybe eight months ago about, there's a thing in my, on Channel 11 in Jersey on Saturdays called I Am.


And every week they have somebody else on it. And it's brilliant Joe. I am Bruce Lee, I have this, I am that. Oh, Cool. Which is brilliant. And they had, who were we just talking about? Marvin Handler? No, they had an I am about somebody that, oh, Clint Eastwood. Clin Eastwood. And it was how he would go and shoot the movies and then they would send him the films and he'd have to do a DR in la. Oh really? Fucking interesting shit. I didn't know anything about this stuff. So why did he have to do a D? So a DR, what does that stand for? It's voice work When voice, voiceover voice. What Does it stand for though? Automated dialogue. Replacement. Thank you. Engineer. When he shot the movies, he was just talking.


Right. So then when he'd get them, after they put 'em together, he would lay the American in them. Oh, I see. And now, you know, he would send them back and they would send them back. And So when he shot the movies, he wasn't even speaking. He had to speak over it Or something. Wow. Yeah. Wow. 'cause it, wow. They probably had it dubbed in Italian. But You gotta remember all the that. Listen, I'm a big fan of that era of movies. That's my era of movies. Those, those people. And Doug, you know how I watched the other night? You haven't seen this movie in 30 fucking years. None years. What? Wow. When you put it on, you're gonna shit. What one Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest. Oh, I haven't seen that in Forever. Dog. They got seven stars in that movie.


Yeah. Like you A Babbit, Charlie Babbit Martini. Fucking the guy from Jersey. What's his name? That was in Taxi. The little guy. He's still around. Danny DeVito. Oh, Danny DeVito, You know, was in that dog. Really fucking the dude with the big head. Look at the fucking Cast on this. Wow. Christopher Lloyd. Wow, Bro. Look at the Will sampson ca. Oh, that's the dude. That's our Boy. Yeah. Yeah. From the Outlaw Josie Whale. Yeah. These are my words of life. Yeah. That's Cheap. And also my words of this, How the fuck he made three movies, this Outlaw Josie Wales and fucking some other movie. He was in three or fucking brilliant movies. That dude. Yeah. That guy's in a lot of movies. Bro. This movie is fucking high.


Hilarious. Don't make a bit of sense to me. This will never happen again. That guy, by the way, is a normal guy in today's society who, Jack Nicholson. Yeah. Like you couldn't ever get him in a mental health. He'd be like, this guy's fine. Let him out. Like there's, come on. More fucked up guys right now than that guy that are attending bar on sixth Street right now. And this movie starts politically incorrect like this. They couldn't make this today like this. No. And I'm surprised they haven't tried to remake this movie. Well, you know, there, the, the guy who made Home Alone said that he wanted to cut Trump, Trump From it Out of the scene.


But he is worried that he'd get sent in prison if he did it Because he keeps getting aggravated. People annoy him. And I think they cut it out of it in Canada. I think the Canadian version of Ho Is it Home Loan Two? Yeah. Home Loan two. Oh, You know how many TV shows Trump did over the years? I've seen, I see 'em once a fucking month on Something. I know they have to say that. They have to say that. No, I that it's part of their liberal identity. They have to be united. But like I was telling you that the people that I grew up liking and so do you, that's what I liked about them. That they had to go somewhere else to become stars. And when they came back to the United States, they were like, well fucking you in the ass.


Now that's Clint Eastwood, Charles Bronson, Steve McQueen, not as much. He just wanted to fuck everybody in the ass. You know, Steve McQueen was just like, you're sucking my dick. Either way, I'm doing what I want. You know, they don't even have that. Like when was the last time you, the worst thing we've had in Hollywood in 20 years is when Brad Pitt made the movie with Angelina and Jolie and he never came back. Like poor Jennifer Aniston was waiting with flowers and slippers. That motherfucker never came back. Jesus temptress. The first one was when Steve McQueen took that girl from the head of fucking heroin. Oh yeah. And then to the movie under his fucking nose that that is something that they will cancer you.


They couldn't can, they couldn't do nothing To him. Well he was one of the rare movie stars back then. They couldn't do anything to movie stars. Couldn't. When there's a, an actual movie star in 1979, like there's not a lot of those people. You need them to sell tickets. People don't know new people. They're not online. You know, you gotta like know Oh, it's a Steve McQueen movie and you go see it. But if like, oh, who's the, who's the star of the movie? I never heard of the guy. Fuck this movie. Oh look over here. There's a a Clint Eastwood movie. Let's go to see that. Like stars were everything back then. Everything back, everything. It's interesting because some great movies now don't have any stars in them. Like Mel Gibson when he made Apocalypto, you don't know anybody in that movie. That's a great Movie.


It's a great movie. Great movie. And you don't know anybody in that movie. It's perfect. It's perfect. 'cause you really believe the characters that way. I don't have to go, oh it's Robert Downey Jr. Always doing a great job pretending to be that scientist. You know. No, it's some guy that might actually be a scientist, you know? Yeah. I don't know. But no, they didn't do anything to Steve McQueen. Charles Bronson. Same way. He was a prick on those movie sets. They wanted everything. They took everything Joe. Yeah. It just came up. I'm sure we discussed it last time. They just, they just got released to Steve McQueen, writers from his movies. The Riders. Yeah. Well, riders are different. For people that don't know, that means like all the things that you get when you're on the set and that he request say, I want emine ms in my green room want, you know, pick Floyd albums, whatever.


Fucking insane. Yeah. His, his was insane. His suits had to be a certain cut. They had to cost a certain way. Well he ain't wearing it. Steve McQueen. Some comics have that kinda shit where you have to have size 11 Jordans waiting for them Backstage. Yeah, but you pay for it. Comics are, yeah. I'm not going in there till I got my size twelves. Well, okay, You, You pay for It. What's the big deal? Well, yeah, they gave me some sneakers. No you didn't. You bought those sneakers. Stupid. It comes outta the price. Yeah. They think that, oh they bought me sneakers 'cause I'm special and shit. Yeah. But I think it's a thing where you wanna be, you wanna be feel like you're being taken care of. Like Yeah. Even though you're paying for it that you know, I don't need, I'll bring my own sneakers. Yeah. I'll bring my own sneakers. I'm gonna show up and there's a box of sneakers. Oh, you got me white sneakers, I'm not gonna perform.


Yeah. Because that shit started happening. Oh really? Yeah. People were like, I want black Jordan. And all of a sudden they're white. I ain't getting on stage. I get my Black Jordans now they gotta run around town. And I've heard people turn limos back. Yes. Back in the day because it was the wrong color limo. Yeah. Yeah. I ordered a white limo. What is this bullshit? And who fucking drove you when you lived under that fucking bridge? Just getting a goddamn fucking car. Cock sucker. People love making demands. Right? Like it has to be this way or that's it. I walk. People love making demands And that's what happens in that fucking town in Hollywood. Yeah. And people go, okay, no. Go fuck yourself. Yeah. You want that. Bring it yourself. And once you start doing that, that, listen, I understood what you said before about Austin And it makes sense to me now.


It's like the dad took my daughter to school and there was moms hugging trees in Studio City crying. If I was a redneck, I'd show up with a shotgun that day and just shoot it and watch those moms just fly. That's where the guns keep the liberals in check. Okay. That's when you come in and go. You wanna hug trees? Boom. And fucking start shooting off dog. They were hugging trees right in front of the school. My daughter and Birch went, Why were they hugging trees? Because they were gonna cut the trees down. We went to the school and the cops were there and women were hugging the trees. Oh no. Holding each other's hands crying. This is why I had to get the fuck outta that crying. And that's where a guy with a gun would've been perfect.


A big fucking gun. You guys like trees so much. Boom. And those bitches would've been running to that fucking coffee shop crying. They didn't know what happened. Flying Fuck those trees, Jack. That's what you need a gun in California to tell these motherfuckers. Shut the fuck up. You go on Facebook now. And I see people I used to hang with in California and they're talking about other people and everybody's so talented and everything's so gracious. And to work with such a great bunch of talented individuals, thank God they've let my creative juices work. Shut the fuck up. Shut the fuck up. What are you talking about? I ain't to smack you now or smack you later.


It is. It's so much Very pretentious. Very. And that's what I don't, I don't miss Annie listen at all. When I watch it in a movie. Now I can't even stand small talk. Like that's what, I didn't even know what small talk was. You know, it was like the night you did a show. This, I'm talking, I'm talking to you about fear before Fear Factor. You did a show maybe at the Wool turn one night. Yeah. And when we left a bunch of people there and they circled you like Ann Manie and a bunch of other people and they were talking to you about a deal or something. Mm. And it was like, oh my God, your set was so great and And you're supposed to stand there like thank you. Right. I fucking hate that shit.


Yeah. They love kissing people's ass. We Loved it. Oh my god. Mimi and I loved it. Mimi Victoria and I loved it. Yeah. We're so happy you invited us and you have to sit there and go, come on, knock the fuck Off. That was in the deal days. Yeah. But I'd still be shopping around deals. Yeah, Well they come up you and talk to you. You had to be like fucking Yeah. Hi. Yeah. So how was that? How did that feel? Yeah, well you still like connected to the system and that was how I was making most of my money. So I'd make some money from standup, but I would make like a couple hundred thousand dollars on these deals. On these deals. That would be my year's money. And then I'd be working with some fucking schlub making a sitcom that sucked. It never went anywhere.


I did that for a couple years. So I did that from like 99 to 2001 and then Fear Factor started News Radio's on at eight o'clock day. It's everywhere. I watch my kids watch it, I watch It, I watch It. I Think it's hilarious. I watch my favorite episode a couple weeks ago when he was playing the piano on the fucking Phil Harmon was, he was playing the piano on the elevator And it kept opening Up. Oh, that's right. Talk out. That was a fun episode. That was a fun show. But that show ruined me for other sitcoms doing a sitcom after that show. Like why? What? It's not gonna be the same. It's gonna suck.


You need the, it's like a very rare combination of people to put together a really good sitcom. That was a very good show. It was just, I know that you told me over the years that they kept moving you And it never found a home or something like that. Yeah, it was like nine times. Yeah. The show really became popular after it was in syndication. That's when it became popular. It became popular when it was on, you know, 7:00 PM on a b, c or whatever the fuck it was. NBC affiliate, you know. And they were just showing the syndicated reruns. That's when it became popular. Way more popular after it was canceled than it was when it was on the air. One Of the writers, Lou Morton, every day we'd come to the to the table read. He would have a a t-shirt, like a white t-shirt and we'd write a number on it.


And that number was our ratings. And one day he came in, it was like 85. I was like 85. Really? It's like we are like 85th. We're the 85th show. That's good. Terrible. What good is number one? Oh no, no. I just didn't. I thought it was like a rating system. No, no, no, no. It's the ranked shows in the country. We were like 85 or 88, something like that. It was real bad. Real bad. I know you, we were like on the verge of being canceled. I know you're watching some good shows now. Yeah, I'm watching one show and I pay you. Whatcha watching? There's some people with Dangerous and then there's Helen Meen. What are you watching? Oh, the 1923 show.


Both of them. Oh yeah. I Just, mob Land Mob. Oh Yeah, I heard Mob Land's great. She's fucking great. Yeah, I have not seen that Yet. Listen, the Italian Mafia movies, they're done. Really? Yeah, they're done. 10 Niro just put out the nights out. They took it outta movie theater in two fucking weeks. He put what out? He put a movie called Alto Nights Out where he plays two roles. He plays Frank Costello and somebody else. A Vito Genovese. I don't know exactly. Somebody should have taken De Niro's keys away when he wanted to go out and do political speeches. Well no, I think that listen, you're not gonna ban a movie because of his political beliefs. I know. No, but people aren't gonna take him seriously because of his political Beliefs. Well, the way he acted, he dropped some people. Okay. And I get it.


But to make $2 million your first week, That's not Good. And then Like three a million after that and then they just yanked it. I tried to go just to watch it. It's called Alto Nights because I heard It. Have you heard of it Jamie? Nobody came and went.


This episode is brought to you by my friends at Black Rifle Coffee. That's all I drink folks. If you see me drinking coffee in the studio, it's Black Rifle Coffee. It's 'cause my friend Evan Fer, who owns the company I love 'em to death and they make the best coffee in the world. They put together the best energy drink in America made with 200 milligrams of naturally sourced caffeine, low calories and absolutely zero sugar. It's available in four new delicious flavors. Project Mango, ranger Berry Freedom Punch and White Frost Veteran founded and veteran led. Each black rifle coffee purchase you make helps them give back to those who serve our nation. Shop now@blackriflecoffee.com slash Joe Rogan with the code Rogan for 30% off. Or visit your local grocery and convenience stores Black Rifle Coffee, America's Coffee.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. We've all got our daily rituals. Like in the mornings you might grab some coffee, do some exercise, eat a bowl of cereal, and then head off to work. It's nice having a routine you can go back to again and again. You might even find it comforting. But You know what can bring you even more peace of mind. Simply safe. They have some of the best home security systems out there. And I'm not just saying that the CNET named Simply Save the best home security system of 2025. Their systems are top notch. I think part of that is because SimpliSafe gets the job done fast. They work to prevent break-ins before they happen. Using AI powered cameras and live professional monitoring agents, they can keep a close eye on your property and if they detect any suspicious activity, they take action. Whether it's activating spotlights, talking to intruders in real time or contacting the police, simply safe gets it done. It's also nice to know there's no bullshit with these guys. There's no long-term contracts or cancellation fees. Simply Safe even has a 60 day satisfaction guarantee or your money back. Make SimpliSafe a part of your daily routine. Get 50% off your new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and your first month free at simplisafe.com/rogan. That's simplisafe.com/rogan for 50% off and your first month free. There's no safe like SimpliSafe


Came and fucking went. The problem when these, when people who want to be taken seriously as actors talk a lot about politics and talk a lot and give out opinions, they think that their opinions are very important and that it's important that they speak out. But the problem with that is like you ruin your acting for other people who now think of the stupid shit that you've said instead of thinking you as this character. Let me hear a little of this. And here this is The guy talking, Hey come On, where do I start? You're going down a very dangerous road and we ain't been down dangerous roads before, but that's the risk you take me.


I take Yeah, but you're not where I am. I get the charities, I pay my taxes. This actually looks good. Something I put you where you are today. It's because of me, Mr. Good Citizen. You want to be like them? Come on. You ain't like them. They own this country. They're bigger gangsters than we ever could be. All of a sudden you want to be half thin, half out, half a racketeer. You can't have it both ways. You are either in No, you are out. You must. That looks good. Shot you. I'm telling you That looks good.


I've Watch that. The movie is not bad. I'm telling you it's because of De Niro talks too much. I think that we're not, we're so out of going to the movies every Friday and every, like they said, nobody knew it came out. Yeah. I didn't even know it came out. Well. Covid killed the movie theaters. Oh it's, it's a shame Because they made movies way quicker out on streaming. Now all I have to do is wait a month. I can wait a month, one month later I can watch it at home and I don't have to like see somebody like texting people right in front of me with their fucking phone blinding white people talking. What did he say? What did he say? Do you want any popcorn? Talk to annoying theater? I go to Never Soul There not a soul. I've never seen anything like that.


It's so, I usually go to the last screening on Thursday night. Not a show. I mean, most movie theaters people are polite. No, Very nice. Where I go, very fuck. I Can't believe it. But it's that risk. That risk of one douche bag. Who fucks it up for everybody? I don't. I won't go see a popular movie. I'm not a a top raider like that. I like Golden. See I see a movie, I go, You know what, I wanna go watch that. Some movies I could watch at home that I wanna watch in the fucking thing. Anything with 3D like Wicked or whatever. I go, I take my mushrooms, I take my daughter, I sit there, she enjoys it and I fucking have a great time. Wicked was great. Wicked was great. The only, only thing was don't go on mushrooms.


No, I was so fucked up. How much the chick is black and green. I couldn't deal with that right off the bat. Where's the black people? Raise your hand. What the fuck? I'm feeling like a racist in here. She can't be black and she can't be green. Then Ariana with no eyebrows that killed me. This she, those blind eyebrows. How unfucking mushrooms and this movie won't end. Whoa. It won't end. It's a long movie. It's a fucking long movie. But I'm looking at her and she's having such a great time. When you look at your kids and they're having such a great time, you're like, I don't give a fuck. I enjoyed It. I Fucking, I enjoyed the Barbie movie. How About that? I never saw it. I enjoyed it. I went, I went with my kids. They had a good time. I thought It was funny. Everybody was like complaining. It's, you know, it's political.


It's against the patriarchy. Like listen, here's my position. A movie's allowed to be political. Like if you make a good movie And it happens to have a political slant to it. I don't care. Is it a good movie? I don't care. I don't care. Like I, you're not gonna change my opinion in a movie like you. This is your opinion. This is how you're gonna do it. Like, okay, so this movie is like a, a pro feminism movie. People were saying and they were complaining. I'm like, what do you, it's a Barbie doll movie. Can we just make a movie? It's not free. And nobody raised their fucking hand and politic every, that's all. It's, But the thing is, everybody has to because they have to have a hot take on everything. Everybody has to have a hot take. There's a market out there of people where all they do is look for something to point out.


That's a disaster or a failure or here's my hot take and why this sucks. And that's what they do. All they do is like find things that suck and they very rarely talk about things that are awesome. No. Which is crazy 'cause there's so much I don't awesome shit out there right Now. I hate all that shit. You know what's great on Apple Plus Slow Horses? Okay, You have you heard of it? You know what it Is? No, It's, it's Gary Oldman. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. My wife watches that. My Wife, it's a British spy Drama. She says it's fucking tremendous. It's fucking great. Tremendous. Really good show. I've been watching the one with John Ham. Which one? He's has a show John Ham where he becomes a thief in a rich neighborhood.


Like Oh really? He lose his job bro. There's too many Shows. Yeah, there's too many fucking shows. There's Too many shows. You just can't, you can't watch 'em all. You wanna watch a show that you shouldn't be on. Mushrooms Severance. I heard that's very well good. Anyway. Yeah, It's a very good show. Don't watch that on mushrooms though. You'll get fucked Up. I watched that movie Good with Demi Moore Where a Oh I heard about that. I didn't see it. Is that a show or a movie? Movie. It's A movie that is the weirdest fucking movie I've seen in years. It's a movie where like she gets young again and goes back and forth. Yeah, yeah. Old and young. Yeah. Substance. It was a little too deep substance. Yep. Did you see it, Jamie? No, I was gonna see it. It's like a black mirror type movie and that just came back out too. Black Mirror did.


Yeah, I heard the new ones episodes. Do you watch 1823 or though? Yes. You liked it? You enjoyed it? Yeah, I enjoyed all of them. Love it. Yeah, I Love, I enjoyed all of them. Land Man's good too. Seen Landman. That's very good. Funny. Yeah, that fucking girl. Billy Bob's a man. I love anything he done. They're shooting already. Yeah, right. They're down there Shooting. I believe So. Yeah. 'cause they were looking for vehicles or something. I saw last week Somebody. Yeah, well Taylor likes to do everything down here when he can. You know he's got that giant ranch out here. Taylor Sheridan. Yeah. Yeah. He's the four sixes. He's got that ranch and you know, I mean that guy can't lose no. Everything. He Touches the school. He's doing a really good job. Yeah. You ever met him? No fucking great guy.


No, I have mutual friends that tell me you should meet Him. I had dinner with him and Bert in Vegas recently. All our wives together after the fights, after the UFC fights and a bunch of my pool player friends came by and Goggins Goggins was there with his wife too. It was a great time. Fucking great dinner. So much fun. We're all laughing, having fun, good fucking time. But Taylor, she Sheridan's great, just the guy can't lose. And you know he made Sari bro, you know, go watch that. I watched it. I love It. Watch that again. The first and the second one. Sicario was a fucking banger of a movie. It was on TV the other day. I was like, that's right. This movie's, that's a banger of a movie.


You know? It's a shame that, I don't know, maybe before the pandemic had started with like really bad movies. It's just a shame, you know? It really is a shame that we gotta wait for shows this long. Like fucking, There's so much to watch Though. Yeah, the Adams family never came back with Jenna Garcia. Was it supposed to come back? Yeah, Netflix never. And I worked with one of the dudes and he goes, yeah we already shot it. It's still fucking been Like three years. Why are they even holding onto It? But the time comes back, my kid's gonna fucking not even remember. Well she didn't even remember it Anyway. Are they doing anything with it? Like what? I don't, I never heard anything again. Huh. Why would they do that? Doesn't make any sense. Netflix. Netflix is off the, you know, they don't know they, they just, Netflix has so much fucking shit on there.


They have so much, So much. If I see one more Pablo Escobar thing, they got, if you watch like a murder thing one time, forget it. You know they're talking about doing the UFC on Netflix. Yep. Yeah. Apparently. I think the UFC's negotiation period with ES ESPN ended ended. Yeah. So so what that means is they could talk to other people. That fucking thing that night when everything fell apart, that was the bad night. What, which night? Which When the ball dropped, not this card, but the one before that, when the pay-per-view, when all the disasters started, it was about pay-per-view one night that nobody was getting the pay-per-view.


Oh You were Chief fighters. One of the pay Views. Fucking the, the app failed, right? Yes. The app failed And it was too overwhelming for the UFCI think the shit happens. But every, this must have been bad because What fight? What fight card was that Jamie? Where there was a failure? I want to, it would've been, I don't, was I working that? How do I not know that that happened? I don't think you were working that one. Lemme see. Three 13. So two events ago. May march. Where was that month ago? Where was it? Was that Nia or Uncle Decision Over Pereira.


Oh okay. So I was working that one. You did work it? Yeah, I was working that one for sure. It was on live when he won the title of Pereira. So the, the pay-per-view, what happened? It went down or it partially went down? It partially went down. I couldn't order the card. Oh it was a bunch of shit going on. Then I went on Twitter and I saw Frankie Yagan a bunch of other guys fighters saying what the fuck is wrong with mine? I'm like, okay, it's not just me. Oh. And then I heard the riff Raf that night and then the next day they were talking about it and then Monday Dana was hot. I know he did something. He said something about it. Well I think in general the pay-per-view numbers are down as well because the casuals aren't buying as much because you don't ha, first of all, the UFC is not like boxing.


Like a boxing Pay-per-view is like, oh Canelo's fighting in four months and then you get Gear up and you buy the can Canelo Alvarez Pay-per-View. If you're a big boxing fan, you might buy one once every couple months. If you're like hardcore you, you're watching all of 'em. You're on D Zone and you're on ESPN Plus you're watching every boxing match there is, but there's not a lot of pay-per-view. The U FFC has a pay-per-view every week, or excuse me, every month. And then they have a fight every week. So it's like getting people to shell out 70 bucks for this card. And also like some of the great fights are on the undercard and you already, before the pay-per-view starts, you already have, you know, three and a half hours of great fights you could watch for free.


And some of them they're trying to lure you into buying the pay-per-view. So some of the best fights are really on the undercard. Sometimes like guys who you don't know their names yet, There's always one good fight that I wanna watch on the Undercard always. I go, I'm gonna watch the under card for two fights or something. Always. And then you guys start talking about the fights and then you get, you know, and then you order it. Yeah, I mean the big fight clearly this last weekend was V Kovski versus Lopez. That was the fight I really wanted to see. 'cause I really wanted to see if V Kovski could pull it off all time. Great. Featherweight champion, one of the for sure greatest fighters of all time. Shoo in for the hall of fame. But he's 36 and he got knocked out two times in a row and he's fighting this fucking animal in Diego Lopez.


Diego Lopez is animal. It was a great fight though. Invoke pulled it off. But the fight that I really wanted to see was Bryce Mitchell versus John Silva. Right. Because John Silva is a motherfucker. Dude, that guy looks like a world champion. He looks like he, he Choked him with a A dar. Yeah, well he choked him like a ninja choke. Okay. And was like a no no arm in with the darce. You have the arm in and you cinch it up. That was just all neck and put him to sleep. He, he tapped and then he went out and to do And to just beat him from Pillar to post the entire fight and was smiling and laughing and looked like he was never threatened and never in danger.


Just like he was on another level like way above Bryce. Like looked like a world champion. Like even guys that have beat him before that beat Bryce Mitchell before, except Josh Emmett who just cad him with one punch. But like even I por like he gotta get ahold of him first. Like John Silva looked like he was never a fight. Like almost like he was having fun. He was trying to get him with touch hands at the beginning of every round. He wouldn't do, he is like, come on touch hands. He tried, he's like touch hands. He wouldn't touch hands. And then finally he just put him to sleep and he's an animal man. That guy is that whole team apparently the fighting nerds.


I was talking to John an about this. He said they have data scientists that work for the team, data scientists who analyze techniques and they like break things down like what's effective in patterns. They find patterns, patterns of opponents, what the person does when they do it. Where are These Guys at? Brazil. All the way in Brazil, bro. That's a team of fucking savages. Who else is that? Kyle Bario who's one of the top 180 5 pounders who might be the best in the world. I mean when, when he fights trick as two plus C eventually we'll see. But he's just starching that division. I mean he's one of the best contenders in that. And then you have Mauricio Rufi who's one of the baddest lightweights alive, gigantic lightweight, tall and long wheel kicked Bobby Green into another dimension.


Or you got that guy, you got Carlos protests who's a fucking killer stone cold moy tie killer who's really hard to take down and he's just a hundred percent finishing rate in the UFCI believe he just knocked out Neil Magney. Like he's, he fucks everybody up. He's, he's a sniper, like super like skillful and slick boy HAI guy. So their whole team is just killer, killer, killer, killer. It's all killers. Just like a, a team of like brilliant up and coming killers. See these guys are learning now. It's not just about training hard, it's not just about sacrifice. It's about thinking hard too. It's about learning.


It's about like really going over your game and like what, what can you improve upon and how do we, how do we make this better? How do we seal up this part of the game? Amazing. I think the guy that led that for me was GSP. Oh yeah. I was always very impressed with how every fight he showed up with something different. Yeah. But his opponent was still like, yeah, GS has got quills but I still got this right hand. Okay, you wanna talk Your right hand was Always learning. He was always learning. He was in the city with the kickboxing guy. He was over in Phil nurse. He was Phil nurse. He was the Phil nurse and the wat. Yeah. And then he would go with all the Greg Jackson guys Wild card.


He would go Over there, go wild card trans Boxing. Remember when he fought, I think it was Josh Ek and he was jabbing Was that the fight where he fucking broke the jab out and he had trained that wild card. His, his jab had fucked Josh's eye up so bad that Josh couldn't fly home. I Remember that. I remember all that shit. And that's what I liked about him. It was training was all another time. You know he, you watching and he's doing gymnastics. Yeah. Where's gymnastics in all this play a game. Well he just realized that gymnasts are so powerful 'cause they have such control over their body and he is like, well I'm gonna get better control of my body. So he learned how to do back I and shit. I believe swimming, fucking doing in doing this, doing that. And meanwhile you're still going. Well my jiujitsu game is elevated. This motherfucker just went and worked on every part of his game but focused on just one.


Really. You know what's really crazy about him? He still does the same thing. He's really a martial artist. He comes to Austin all the time to train with John Donahue and Gordon Ryan all the time. He's here all the time. I see him like every couple months he comes down to train and then it'll go somewhere else to train and it'll go somewhere else to train. No desire to fight. He doesn't wanna fight anymore at all. He's just a martial artist. He's so happy and content. He's like the best example of a guy who retired with millions in the bank and is living like his best life. He's a real martial artist. He really is. He just wants to learn and and grow. Like why would he come here and train with Gordon Ryan? Why are you train that fucking animal if you're, if you're not actually thinking about competing? But for him it's just all about growing.


It's all about growing and this martial arts journey that he's on for his whole life, it's really amazing. It's very cool. You know when he, he would come to 10th Planet Juujitsu and he would learn stuff from Eddie too. He came down to learn the turning sidekick from me. Like he just wants to learn from everybody. He wants to learn everything. He's always constantly seeking out. Very smart. Yeah. That's very smart. Very smart. Very smart. And you'll see him, he's in all these different gyms. You see him, oh look, he's in Thailand. He's working with Muay Thai guys. He's over here. He is over there. He's just enjoying his life and training martial arts all over the world. It's incredible. Incredible. It's beautiful because the saddest thing for me is when a fighter stops fighting and they lose their identity, George has never lost his identity.


He hasn't gone through some, some weird phase where he doesn't know what to do with himself. I am not impressed with your perform months. That was one of the fullest things I've ever heard by. Yeah. That became a like a meme Before memes. I was not impressed with your performance. Nicest fucking guy in world. Nicest guy In the world and really smart man. Really interested in all kinds of shit. Like always like reading stuff and fascinated by things. Just, just a, a guy, just a curious guy who wants to learn and he's just going through his life just having a good time. Now he doesn't have to think about business. You know, it's just training. It's kind of fucking awesome. It's awesome. It really is awesome.


It Really is. 'cause like with no, no goal in mind other than growth other than growth and getting better and he's still rolling hard man. I'm watching him roll with these guys. He's rolling with assassins. You know he is still doing jujitsu with like top flight black belts. Man. Would you ever consider going back to TaeKwonDo now? No. No. Just going to a school once a week and just going in there with a bunch of guys and throwing some kicks and shit. Thought I worked Thought on My own. I No, no, you're not feeling me. What Do you Mean? Anybody could work out on their own? Could you imagine now at your like I've been thinking about it. There's a, a purple belt at my Jiujitsu school. He's 68. Oh wow. He came from a fucking karate background and he goes, I teach in the Bronx every Wednesday night.


He goes, this was my school, I sold it but I still go up there. Wednesdays come with me sometime. I'm like wow. How cool would that be Just to, It would be cool to take a class. That's what I'm Saying, one time a week. Like something that you, what's the, as Long as you didn't have to spar. No, no, no, no. But you do those, you know like when you do TaeKwonDo, they had those One steps, one Step like those little, those IC day run I think they call where drills I throw punch drill. Yeah, it's drills and that that's what you need. You're not gonna, no you're not gonna fucking, you're not gonna fucking spar and go crazy. But it's Drills are really important.


This episode is brought to you by visible. Now you know I tend to go down a lot of rabbit holes. I want to know everything about everything. And if you're like that you need wireless that can keep up visible is wireless that lets you live in the know. It's the ultimate wireless hack. You get unlimited data and hotspot so you're connected on the go Plus visible is powered by Verizon's 5G network, meaning fast speeds and great coverage. And with the new visible plus pro plan, you get premium wireless without the premium cost. And the best part, it's all digital. No stores you can switch to visible right from your phone. It only takes about 15 minutes. And then you manage your plan in the app ready for wireless that lets you live in the know. Make the switch at visible.com/rogan plan start at $25 a month. For the best features, get the new visible plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply see visible.com for plan features and network management details.


This episode is brought to you by Montana Knife Company makers of the best, most sought after knives out there. The company is founded by my friend Josh Smith. He's been making knives since he was 11 years old and became a master bladesmith at just 19, which is wild 'cause there's only about 140 to 150 master bladesmiths in the world. Plus these knives are made right here in the USA, right in Montana. And they're design tested and built by hunters. For hunters. I've been loving the Magna Cut Blackfoot 2.0 when Master Bladesmith, my friend Josh Smith, launched Montana Knife Company. He set out to create the ultimate do it all knife, small and light enough to pack on a goat hunt durable enough to completely field dress a moose and shape to gut cape skin and de-bone with ease. He called this flagship knife the Blackfoot And it remains his go-to blade. And I love it as well. It's truly the only hunting knife you'll ever need. Although MKC is still a young company, the demand is already crazy. Literally every time they drop a batch, they sell out in minutes. So if you want to be the first to know, sign up for SMS alerts for exclusive knife drops and their email newsletter to get notified about restocks or go to Montana knife company.com and see what's available.


Now they're really important and people don't like to do 'em 'cause sparring is so fun. Same with Juujitsu. Yeah. Like Eddie Bravo always used say that like drills are terrible, they're so boring. But if You can do 'em, it'll make you juujitsu way better. Like the biggest leap that I ever got in my, like in the beginning of my jujitsu journey was when I became friends with Eddie, we would train in my garage. I had mats in my garage and we would just drill for like an hour and a half, a couple times a week. What would you drill? He was showing me a lot of his rubber guard stuff, like the early stuff. But we would just drill like different positions, how to escape certain positions, how to finish from certain positions, what to be careful of. And then we just go through paths. Like path was, you know, pass into half guard, push on the knee, move into side control, side control head and arm.


Okay. Secure the arm, finish the arm triangle. And what would do is like if he was doing it to me, I would resist like 40% maybe. You know, you just kind of like sort of resist, right? And they secure it and you kind of just, and they finish it off. So it's like basically you just, you're doing it as if the, you're doing the same pathway with the same things that a person would do to resist. But then they're not trying to really stop you. They want you to tap them. Like this is the idea of the drill. So I'm just, I'll get my hand in, but it's just so that you can push my hand down and then Right. And then lock it over. So, well That's big now. Yeah. Drilling is everything. People are are flow rolling. People are selling it more. Even Tom de bl is like, dog, listen, It's a way to get better.


It's really the way to get better. But The problem is you gotta keep a motherfucker flowing. And that's the problem that after a while you're like, oh, and all of sudden, next thing you know it's not a flow. No, right Now you're going to try to catch each Other. Now you're going. And that's the problem. It always starts off with a flow for a minute and a half and then it goes off the fucking reservation. Yeah. That's always the same with kickboxing sparring too. When I was training at the Jet Center, there was this one dude that I used to love to train with. He was an older guy so I was probably 26 back then, 27 maybe. And he was maybe like closer to 35, 40 like had had some fights. Just liked to stay in shape and spar and we would spar. And he knew I was an actor or comedian, whatever.


I was on a TV show and I didn't want to get hit too much and he didn't wanna, so we would spar. We just touch each other. Yeah, that's, and I knew he wasn't gonna try to knock me out, but other guys I knew, like we're fighting like we're spar. This is a fight. But with him I knew it and I got so sharp because of that. 'cause he and I would work out a couple times a week and I, I noticed like my timing and everything was like much sharper because I was going through those pathways and not tenses. You know, I was going through those pathways so sharpening those lanes. So like punch comes, slip counter, all these things were like flowing in my head because we weren't hurting each other. But it's so hard for young guys to understand that, to get better is to like be playful with it.


You want to like the tie guys, they just, 'cause they fight every week when they spar they don't hurt each other at all. They touch and they, they laugh like They're like playing a little game with each other. You ever seen tie guys? Yeah, yeah, yeah. They have a good tie. Like you watch, like one of the, the best things to watch is like two elite high level tie guys just spar with each other. Just, just spar, playful, light. 'cause they're joking around and laughing and they're touching each other. But they're really working on that timing. They're really working on those moves. Working on like seeing what's coming, how to stop it, how to get in on 'em. But they're not hurting each other at all. You know, it's weird that I'm older and I love doing crazy shit.


Like I love it. I don't have much in the daytime no more. So I'll try to catch a boxing class or jujitsu and all that shit. And jujitsu's the toughest one for me. Like I haven't been to jujitsu since November 'cause I've been sick, you know, I had a bunch of problems and I was on antibiotics. I was having a hard time fucking breathing. But I'm, I'm, I can't wait to go back. But now I'm gonna go back and do it a little bit differently. Flow. Flow, yeah. I'm more flow. And there's one guy that'll flow with me. He's a cop and drilling more. Yeah, you have a blue belt class. It's basically a lot of drilling's Great. You great. You can burn a lot of calories in that Drilling's so important. But you have to go in the daytime, they roll a little bit more at night.


The classes are so shut that you don't have time to roll that long. Right. So I would rather drill a long time and then roll once and get the fuck outta it. Yeah. That's perfect for me. You know, so, and even with boxing, I don't, when I go boxing. I don't fucking go crazy. I hit the speed bag a little bit. Mm. Two rounds. And I hit the bag that moves around, that burns a ton of calories. Then I hit the hard bag and I'm out there 7, 3, 7, 8, 3 minute rounds and I'm good. You know what I like to do? I like to put on the Wu-Tang clan and just fuck that heavy bag up. I love it. I to, I love the earphones. I love walking. And I'll tell you what else I got into it now that I'm older. What? Because when I went to that hospital, it taught me a lot, Joe. It reminded me that I wasn't a kid no more.


Like we fuck around and we have a good time and we think we're bad motherfuckers. But You wanna stay healthy. Yeah. Ever since I come outta the hospital a month ago, everything's fucking changed. Come out here Joey. Get you on that waist of Well get you fucking, I Thought we're going tomorrow. Come On, we're going tomorrow. We're going Tomorrow. Are you busy tomorrow If you're here? I'm not busy. All Let's go. Let's let, we're good. I like that blood thing. They did. Yes. What is that called? Did you get a IV bag? Yeah. Vitamin iv. No, it was a little one. It wasn't a big IV On trips. Oh, the, so you're talking about a stem cell Push? Push, yeah. Yeah. IV stem cells. Yeah. Yeah. I just got that Tuesday. I brought Rich Voss in. How was he? He Was great. I love that guy to death. I love him Too.


We had a good time. We had a good time at the club too. We see. I see him a lot. You know he's, yeah, I see him every we, well, He's Jersey too, right? Yeah. Every Wednesday we meet up and do a Show. He's a sweetheart. I love him to death. So he's been having a problem with his rotator cuff. Yeah, he's been telling. So I brought him down to Brigham. Brigham's got this crazy thing. I'm gonna show you this Jamie, 'cause it's fucking bananas. He's got this crazy thing where he's got an AI that you ask questions to. Have you seen it, Jamie? It's fucking nuts, right? Oh Yeah. Hey, can you tell me the history of testosterone and prostate cancer? Here, I'll send this to you, Jamie. So Brigham has this new beautiful facility where Ways to Well is a great view.


It's gorgeous. Oh, they moved. They moved. They have a new facility. Okay. They bought a bu a building and re renovated it. And it's, it's incredible. But one of the things they have is this big screen with this alien and you touch the alien and ask it a question. And it uses AI like, so it has an ai, a large language model base press list this. Okay, press it. Hey, Can you tell me the history of testosterone and prostate cancer? My doctor said he's worried it's gonna cause prostate cancer. What do you have to say? So the alien like, thinks about it. The concern stems from a 1941 study by Huggins that suggested testosterone fueled prostate cancer.


But this has been thoroughly debunked by modern research, particularly by Dr. Abraham Morgan Toler. Current evidence shows no causal relationship between testosterone therapy and prostate cancer development. In fact, many men with prostate cancer have low testosterone levels. This is the updated theory, misunderstood how testosterone interacts with prostate tissue. And numerous studies now show properly monitored testosterone therapy is safe for most men. Even those with a history of prostate cancer in some cases. Now you can out. Isn't that wild? That's amazing. That's the future problem. And it can answer any question. It could analyze your blood work. You could tell it, Hey, you know my vitamin B12 level, is this my testosterone level?


Is that my, what would you suggest I take? What I suggest is a protocol of, And it would just like rattle off things that you need. You need some niacin in your system. What do you take magnesium before you go to bed? You know how much REM sleep are you getting per night? Are you monitoring that? And they start talking to you? Isn't that crazy? It's an app too. It's on your phone. What Were these people talking about last night at the club? They go on chat. GPT or some shit. You don't know what that is? No, I know. I'm JGBT is ai. It's like it's on your phone. Like you can ask it a question. You know, like I can like, gimme a good question. Who was the composer of Suwanee River?


Who was the composer of Suwanee River? So you see how my phone has all those rainbows on the outside like that? That means it's searching for the answer and boom gives me the answer. Can you go on chat DPT and tell me more about Steven Foster, the composer of Suwanee River. Bam. And then it goes on chat. GPT. I'm an a AI design assistant. Feel free to ask anything. What Disney movies are the most racist is working with chat GPT right now.


It hung up on me. The reason why I ask show that is one chat GPT told me to go fuck myself, Joe. It disconnected One of the greatest episodes. You were talking to me a couple weeks ago. We were talking about you watch the Gleason interview on 60 Minutes. So I watched A couple weeks later. You know, I watched the Honeymooners every Saturday. Do you Really? Every Saturday at midnight. There. I, I don't have time for anything else. I gotta be home by midnight on Saturdays. Okay. And then the reason why I said Suwanee River to you is that is one of the best episodes that Gleason ever did.


He was going on the $95,000 question and you have to go up levels. Yeah. And they asked you questions. He picked music. So he had his buddy Norton get all the sheep music. And Norton would play music for him and go, who is this? And he would have to say, and then the Italian lady, miss Manicotti would come down And it was a great episode. But there's one scene where Norton would play and he'd go, Norton, why the fuck do you, There it is. Why the fuck do you play this? Watch this. Come On. This is my last night to brush up on the songs.


Now let's not waste any time. Get going. Alright, Will You wait a minute, please. Why must you always play before you go in and play the song? I'm trying to guess if I told you once, I told you a hundred times. It's the only whack I warm up before I play a piano. A pitcher warms up before he pitches a ball game. I gotta warm up that way before I play the piano. I hope I don't have to tell you this again. Are you ready? Go ahead and play.


All right now go to the end so Joe could see it. So he goes, time's Running out. Hurry up. You better take a guess. No. Play the song from So he sees Hundred dollars. Are you ready? I certainly am. Alright. Mr. Cramden for $100. Who is the composer of 20 Rivers? This Facebook, Swanee River. That's right. Swanee River. Can we have a few bars of Swanee River? Jose That Swanny Ruper.


That's right. Now. Who's the composer? Your time's running out. Hurry up. You better take a guess. Hum. Ed Naughton all terribly sorry Mr. Cramden know the correct answer is Steven Foster. But thanks so much. You've been a wonderful contestant and a swelled sport. Goodbye Mr. Cramden Fucking face dog. The 60 Minute interview was great. Great. Oh my God. Wasn't it? It blew me the fuck away. It was great. Just listening to him talk. That was when he was just playing golf and drinking. He had that crazy golf cart that he would drive around in.


And What's the book I read where he, he taught Richard Pry how to Smoke pot. Like how to hide it. They did a movie, the toy. Right? Didn. They Do the toy. He taught him how to Hide it. Yeah. 'cause Richard Pryor lit a joint up one day and he's like, what are you doing? Come on, you gotta have some class. So How do you hide it? You know, under your hand and oh, mix it with the cigar. He thought Richard was smoking it out. And Jackie Gleason goes, what are you doing man? Come on. Nice. Smoking it like this. Richard P's like, this motherfucker taught me how to smoke a joint. So he would tuck it away And he was 20 years older. Yeah. You know, Jackie Gleason was a fucking beast, man. That Guy partied. Beast gone. He did it all. He did a lot of parting. He died fairly young, you know How old was he?


I wanna say close to 60. But he, he, I think it was a couple different kinds of cancer. How old was he when he died? Jamie? Check Lisa. Yeah. 71. Oh was he? Yeah. Oh, he's 71. Oh, that's not so bad. Which Is still, no, that's still, the national night was 74, right? Yeah. I thought he died younger than that. No, But yeah, hard living. Hard Living him doing That. Yeah. Do you ever hear the story about him and Richard Nixon? No. Richard Nixon, him were getting drunk one night and Richard Nixon goes, you wanna see some UFOs. And so he, they get on Air Force one and they fly to one of the Air Force bases where they have this fucking crashed UFO and alien bodies on ice.


Jackie Gleason apparently becomes obsessed with UFOs after this has a house built in upstate New York that looks like a UFO. His house was a flying saucer. He had a house built that looked like a UFO and the story's unsubstantiated. It's hard to know if it's true, but it was like his ex-wife told it in some magazine. Right. But it, it tracks. It tracks with, if you believe these people that say that there was some sort of a crash that they did recover, then they do have bodies. So this is his fucking house. He has a house built, that's one image of it. But there's other images of what looks even more like a flying saucer.


Kinda wild that it kind of looks normal like a house there though. But the guy built the flying saucer house. Nixon and him got hammered. I'm hoping that's gonna happen with me and Trump. But Trump doesn't get drunk. You imagine you're hanging out with Trump and he's like, you wanna see the ufo? Can you keep a secret? Yeah. There he is hanging out with Nixon. And they supposedly do have something that crashed. And they supposedly do have biological entities that are on ice somewhere is course according to these whistleblowers that work for the government.


And now we're talking about, I just don't know what's real. It's hard to know. And you talk about it, you feel like a moron. 'cause it's like There's gotta be something out there. Okay. We got to assume there's something out there. Whether or not, I don't even know. Right. But should we assume that that something's been here? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I think so. Yeah. They've been here. Well, I would come here if I was from somewhere else and I was like, what? You know, imagine if you were like from some super advanced civilization that's completely abandoned war. There's no thievery. Everybody reads everybody's minds. There's no unfairness because they've worked all that stuff out and it's just superior intellect because everybody's evolved for a million years past where we are now.


And you get the opportunity to see what a breakthrough civilization looks like, right. When they're figuring out nuclear power. Right. When they're figuring out flight and war and cell phones and shit like that. Like that would be like you and I going back and, and going and visiting the real wild West. Like being in a, like a gold mining town in 1830. You know? You know how nuts that would be, you know, fucking crazy. Be one of the miner 49 ERs in 1849 go going all the way to San Francisco and these fucking animals stabbing each other in saloons. Like, You know what that would be like? That's Insane. The kind of barbarians that took a chance with wooden wheels getting pulled by a horse and went across mountain ranges to try to get to the gold.


That would be like us going to visit that. Of course we would visit that of course. Like if you had a chance to see what it would like to see Christopher Columbus land in The Bahamas to see what that must have been like. Of course you would wanna see it. If you could go literally back in time and see primitive humans. Well if they're just like us but they're like us millions of years from now, of course they would want to visit us. It would be so interesting. You imagine if there was a planet where we could go, where we could see cavemen, We'd go, Would you imagine Fucking musk gonna stay an hour? Yeah, but it shot. Well you can see guys making fucking arrowhead with, with Flint for the first time and strapping them with sticks.


Giant fucking heads and big teeth covered in hair. Just figuring out tools. Oh my God. We would be fascinated by those people. The way I think about it is, listen, since I'm a kid, we're talking about martians and aliens, right? Since I'm fucking, yeah, six, seven. I've been hearing about this. The moon landing was in 69, so I was six. So it started after that. Like I heard more and more about it. So what you mean to tell me is in 55 years we haven't found out more information about it. We know. We know what's going on. We know NASA's not stupid. They know something's out there. They play with us a little bit from time to time. But there's something out there my friend. I think so too. There's Something Out there. I think the other problem with the president knowing, you know, can they keep things from the president?


Of course they can. The president is only there for four years and then he has to get in there again and if he wins, he's only there for four more years. These fucking people have 30 year careers, 50 year careers in the intelligence agencies. They know if they know something and they've known something since you know fucking Gerald Ford. Why? Why would they tell you? Why do you need to know? We've already been hiding this from the population for so long And those old timers didn't need a What's that? You have to sign something N-D-A-N-D-A, like whatever the fuck. Yeah. There was No NDAs back then. There's no NDAs back then. So there was something to it. Yeah, there was something to it. You know you got that place in New Mexico, you got Hudson County where we discussed before with the Martians landing.


You have all these places that have a higher volume. I wonder what's number two in UFO sightings. I wonder what's number one? What's number one? Is it Hudson Valley? Hudson? Yeah. Yeah. Hudson Valley by the George Washington Bridge. That whole thing. That's crazy. Wonder Why that's number, I wonder what number two, number three and number four is, It's interesting that a lot of 'em are over near where the ocean is. 'cause that's, that's one of the big theories that they have bases in the ocean. Because the reality of the ocean is no one's looking, you know, if you have something on earth, satellites can see it. Like if you have something that's in the middle of Nevada in some deserted area and you have buildings, satellites can see that.


They can see the structures. So you have to hide them. But if you have something in the ocean, nobody sees anything. We, we've only explored what is, what is the percentage of the ocean floor that we have just explored. I think it's like 10%. I think it's somewhere around 10, maybe 20%. So that means that 80% of the ocean floor is undiscovered. We have no idea what's down there. And it's, you know, a mile two miles deep in some spots. If you're from a super sophisticated civilization that's millions of light years away and you can come here instantaneously and you have the ability to traverse in these, what they call transmedium craft, which means they can go through air and go through water.


Just it creates a gravity bubble around it and go through everything. That's what they think these things are doing. That's what they can go 500 knots underwater. Just like nothing we have could do that. And if they have bases under the ocean, it makes sense that these sightings are all near the ocean. It just totally makes sense. A lot happens in the ocean that ocean's stronger than what you fucking think. Yeah. I love going to a beach and just sitting. Is this Jimmy on the beach Watching the ocean? 2030 Seabed 2030. What they've mapped up, they've Gotten 30% mapped. They're trying to get the whole thing done by 2030. Oh really? Yeah. Oh interesting. Oh, what if they find a base? Yeah, you can. What if they get down there and they find bases?


What is all that stuff? What are those lines? I'm guessing that's where they probably sent their drones probably, you know. Whoa. Looks like, Like looks a pool scrubber, you know, Goes Oh that's crazy. Oh shit. So they're scouring the ocean floor to try to get 'em out. That's why the aliens are gonna come out. Wow. That's Hawaii. Whoa. Oh that's not Hawaii. Hawaii's Over here. It is. Yeah. What's that one of those islands in the middle? Is that Catalina? Catalina Island shit. Yeah. Oh I see. Oh you were zoomed in? Yeah, yeah. Oh, okay. Thought I was, was Trying to see what this stuff is. Oh I see. I think these little light colored brown spots are what's sticking up and the rest of it's underneath. Mm. Wow. I gotta pee real quick. Go Ahead dog. We'll Pause. Yeah, we'll be right back folks.


Woo. And we're back. What were we just talking about? Aliens and whatnot And whatnot. Yeah, you know, I feel that we know we're just not gonna, you know, it's like everything else man. We knew who shot Kennedy. We're not gonna release it. You know, we're gonna play with us. That's what they do. I think that they would be, I think even after all the alien talk and everything, I think Americans couldn't really handle it. Well there was actually a discussion. This guy, Hal Poff, who was a physicist that worked with the US government, told me that during the Bush administration they actually wanted to talk about the potential of disclosure to the American people. What would be the pros and the cons.


And so they listed what could be disrupted. Well the economy could be disrupted, religion could be disrupt, disrupted, government could be disrupted. What would be the positive aspects? And they started looking at the positive aspects like scientific development, the understanding that we're not alone, you know, all. And then they weighed it all out and the cons outweighed the pros by a significant number. And so they decided not to disclose it. This is what Hal put-off says. So he is a scientist that's worked with the government for decades. Decades. And he, you know, I had dinner with him and Jacques Vallee, Jacques Vallee is the guy who the character in close encounters of the third kind was based on the French guy, the scientist.


Jacques Vallee has been studying UFOs since like I think the fifties. Brilliant, brilliant guy. He's written tons of books on, on the subject and the stories that he knows that he's aware of the historical stories. What really gets crazy is when they get into like the 17 hundreds and the 18 hundreds and the early 19, they're the same stories. The people are seeing the same things, the same kind of things are happening to these people. The people that are encountering the crafts and encountering the beings, they're reporting the same stories. They're real similar to the point where you're like, what's going on? And if it's real unique in like, you know, I haven't been, I haven't seen UFO, I haven't seen aliens. You haven't, Jamie hasn't. But what if one of us did, like if there's millions and millions and millions of people and one guy is fucking walking his dog in the middle of a field and all of a sudden this thing just lands right in front of him and no one's around.


And then these things get out and they look at you and they're talking to you with their mind and then they get back in their ship and they fucking disappear. They zoom off so fast you, you can't even follow it with your eyes. And then you're sitting there going, what the fuck do I tell anybody? Who's gonna believe me? Who's gonna believe this? I I should probably not tell anybody. And then you're lying in bed at night and you're all freaked out 'cause you can't believe you know, something that other people don't know. You know, the most incredible thing that not only are they real, but they can do things that we can't possibly do. They cannot be us. There's something different. I think it's a different life form. I think when they came here, maybe somebody painted them as green or whatever. Me, I feel if they're here, they walk around looking like us.


There are, there are more not intelligent life source like the movie cocoon. Right? That's in my mind. And and to just, I'm the type of guy I'll talk to you about Or the invasion of the body. Snatchers. Yeah. Invasion of the body snatchers. I'm the type of guy I'll talk to you about. But just talking to you just now about someone, somebody, the government telling me that aliens exist, I would, it would knock me down because I know they do. Right? But not really. But not really. But not really. I know they do, but not really. And that's I think with everything. Yeah. So it would even shock me a little bit to find out. But I think that, yeah, cocoon type people. Jacques Vallee is of that opinion too. Like what's interesting about him is he really maintains scientific credibility after all these years.


Despite like studying UFOs at back in the time where if you studied UFOs, you were a crackpot. But everything he looked at was just based on logic. This is what we know and this is what we don't know. This is what we can prove. This is what we can prove. And we estimate that there's a certain percentage of these experiences, whether it's 5% or what that are legitimate. There's a great number. The the vast majority of things that people see in the sky are not UFOs. No the Explain. But I guarantee we do see things. Yeah. That we think is something else. And it's a UFO. Yeah. I could see that happen happening Also. Oh yeah. People see the Saturn, they think Saturn's a UFO. They think, you know, they people see things too, you know.


And then there's also weird phenomenon that's real. Like ball lightning. Ball lightning is a type of lightning that like juts around like a, like a ball, like a fucking, like a giant softball of lightning just darting around the sky and then it goes away. And it's just, it's just a weird form of lightning that is, has been documented. But if you saw that, if you were in the middle of like New Mexico by yourself camping and you saw that like, fuck man, you think it's a fairy or something like that? Oh my god man, angels are matching on mushrooms and you see ball lightning like what the fuck man? You're seeing traces behind the ball. Lightning. You would 100% believe and feel like you came in contact with an angel, you would believe and feel like something from another planet communicated with you.


You'd probably fill your head up with all this important shit that it told you that you have to tell people. I've gotta tell people, man, we're doing it all wrong. We're all one man. We're all one. We can't be fighting these wars. It's so foolish. And they want us to know and they want us to take care of Mother Earth. Meanwhile, you just saw ball lightning while you're on mushrooms. You know, when I lived in Boulder, I got into a a hole one time I was talking to some guy, he was talking to me about mermaids. Oh God. At a coffee shop. And it drove me fucking crazy. It drove me so crazy. I didn't have a computer back then, but I actually had to go to the library and I went down a hole. And maybe 10 years ago I went online one night and got high and was reading about mermaids.


Like that's something I believed in. The dumbest thing about mermaids is they have a fish from the waist down. Right? But weren't they actually spotted in the 18 hundreds somewhere? Or is this a lie? It don't even make any sense. Like fish don't have sex. You fucking idiot. That means it's the most beautiful one in the world for the, from the waist up. And all she do is give you blow jobs because fish don't have sex. That's okay. The, That's not my problem. I'm not, I'm not looking to have sex with a chick. But people are, they wanna fall in love with the mermaid. But like that's the craziest person to fall, fall In love with. Is there any evidence? No. No. Come on. No, no. They're manatees. These people saw manatees. Probably their eyesight suck 'cause they all had scurvy.


You know, they were all fucking starving to death. They all had syphilis. Their faces are falling off these rotten scumbags that are on these boats together. And then they, they're so horny that they wanna fuck manatees. They see manatees in the, the foggy water flopping around. I swear it's a girl with a tail and they want to hop off. They're like, like a guy in the desert that sees an oasis that's not there. I see water and you're just trying to d drink the sand. That's what it is. Come it's Guys that are, come on. There's gotta be a mer Out there. So these horny scumbags from like Europe in the 15 hundreds, these monsters, they were on this boat together for four months and they, they think they see women in the, the water. God Dammit, you just ruined everything.


They were probably on opium. They probably had syphilis. They were drunk. That's why you gotta love the eighties animals. That's why you gotta love the eighties. 'cause two guys actually went into the studio and go, look, we got a movie about a fucking guy who falls in love with a mermaid. With a mermaid. And the guy's like, come on, how you gonna do that? And all of a sudden it's fucked. Lemme tell you something. That's another good movie. Do you know Joey? That's a good po. Like the, this is one of the reasons why America became what it is, is that everybody who moved here initially took a crazy chance. You ought to take a crazy chance. You ought to get in a boat in the 17 hundreds and make your way across the Atlantic Ocean.


You have no idea if storms are coming. There's no fucking weather.com. You, you don't even know what it looks like over here. 'cause they don't have pictures yet. Someone's gonna draw you. This is what I saw when I visit Maryland. The fucking thing Made. I told you, there's a fucking mermaid. You fuck. Look at that fucking fake thing. He's so a fish bottom onto a monkey spotty or something like that. Oh Jesus Christ. That's hilarious. That's one of the reasons why America became so powerful. Two, the two things. The constitution, the Declaration of Independence, the Bill of Rights, like that stuff.


All the laws that gave you freedom of speech. The right to bear arms, right to practice your own religion. All those things are incorrect. But also the type of people that moved here. Crazy risk taken motherfuckers that were willing to get their kids and get on a boat and make it across the country. So everybody that came over here was just fucking gung-ho. They're all wild folk, wild dangerous people trying to get jobs on the East Coast. That's still to this day why the East coast is so crazy, so chaotic and so fun. 'cause that, that was like the echoes of these pioneering monsters that traveled their way across the ocean. They're crazy people desperate for anything.


Europe just sucks so bad. Like we gotta get the fuck outta here. Whether it's from Spain or Ireland or where they boats, just boats, Italians boats. And then they make their way across the land and then, you know, cover the whole thing eventually and in, in a few hundred years. It's a crazy story man. And we gotta be careful of this place. You can't sacrifice the things that made us so great in terms of our freedom just for political gain. Because then we're gonna give the whole thing away and we could go the same way. Iran's going the same way. They, they were, they had a, like a European style country and now it's a dictatorship and now it's Islamic.


And you know, there's no getting outta that now without some crazy revolution. Right? It could go that way anywhere, man. If there's people anywhere on earth in 2025 living under the thumb of tyranny, there can be people here. It just, a bunch of things have to go wrong. We saw a few things go wrong during covid that should have woke a lot of people up. That the fabric of society is more fragile than you think it is. And that's why the founding fathers are so wise. They put into play protections to keep tyranny from taking over. They had a bunch of checks and balances that you can't get through you. You don't have ultimate power like a king. You have Congress, you have the Senate, you have, you know, you have the Supreme Court.


It's gotta be like that. You can't change that just because you want your side to win. Everybody has to be aware of that. Everybody gets shortsighted. Democrats get shortsighted on this. Republicans get shortsighted on this. You can't have that happen. It's not good for anybody. It's not good for us. If you think your opinions and your beliefs and what you know is, is more beneficial to the American people, state your case. That should be the only thing we do. These people should be able to state their case. Explain how what you can do. Do we should demand that and all that other shit. Stop it. Just get rid of it. Get rid of all of it. Get rid of all of it.


No one should be pro crime. No one should be letting people off the hook for violent crimes. No one should be like letting gang members live in some sanctuary city from another country that come over here just to cause havoc and create crime. Because it, we have weak policing and because we let them in, like no one that we no, no side should want that. No side should want the country to be more dangerous. You know, and no side should want people deported to El Salvador prisons that aren't really gang members either. No side, no side should want no due process. No side should want the ability of the government to like, imagine like you're a person who's over here illegally, but you're not a criminal. You're just a guy who doesn't have paperwork and then they send you to a prison somewhere.


Someone decides 'cause of your tattoos that you're in a gang. So now all of a sudden you're in a prison in another country and you haven't even been to trial. We can't let that happen either. You know? Did you see that fucking prison where they took him to Nicaragua? Whatever that place. It's In El Salvador. El Salvador where they house them 40 in the cell. Bro. That's not, it's crazy that, that's fucking insane. It's crazy. That's insanity Bro. And apparently they have unmarked graves. They, you know, people die, they get strangled, whatever. Take 'em. The back unmarked grave, you know, it's, it's complete dehumanizing of people as a overcorrection to having too much crime and gang violence. So too much crime and gang violence. Then you throw all due process out the window, round everybody up, throw 'em all in jail.


And if you're gonna do that, a certain percentage of 'em are pro. I mean it's gonna be effective. You're definitely gonna curb crime, but you're also gonna victimize a few innocent people. A certain percentage of innocent people. Like undoubtedly. Especially if you have no due process. Listen man, we know that That's like this is, this can't come to America, you know? And if we're sending our prisoners over there, how much different is that than the other stuff that we hate? Like sending jobs overseas where people work for a dollar a day and don't get healthcare. We would never allow that in America. Right? Well we would never allow this kind of a prison in America either.


So should we really be involved in sending people to this kind of a prison if they're from another country? You know, it's a it's a, it's an interesting question. I think you Gotta an interesting topic. Think it's, there's something, there is a bit of a problem, right? If you come from one country and then they put you in a prison and another one without a trial. If they say you're a gang member and you're in MS 13, you come from Mexico, you make your way into America and all of a sudden they put you in El Salvador prison, you're like, yo, what happened here? You know that's kind of, They took a lot of, they took a handful of people that had weird tattoos and stuff like that. That's what I've heard. But I don't really know the truth Yet. No, you don't know the truth Because you know, they, they were saying that they keep talking about this guy in the mainstream media saying he's a Maryland father and this and that.


But then that Tom Holman guy says no, he's a member of MS 13 and so, okay, who's telling the truth? And they were saying that if he got deported and came back into this country again illegally, we would round him up again and do it all over again. We didn't make a mistake. Okay, well who's telling the truth is He just Narrow? There's a old man that's mistaken identity and they sent, Where's a police record? Yeah, Right. Lemme see his police record. If the guy has a tattoo and he's got no police record, he's got a family and a wife and blah blah. It's like, remember we used to take me for chicken? Which place? By your old house 20 years ago. You used to always invite me for chicken. Oh chicks. Yeah. The Spanish guy. Oh, how good was that place? He had that, that wood fired rotisserie Absolutely Only pay cash.


No credit cards. Yeah, no credit cards. That that's what killed him. So Think about this. What if he had that for 20 years? Great guy. 'cause I always went up there with you and he was very nice to us. Yes. Great guy. What if they came and got him? 'cause he didn't have a green card. He was he was a legal citizen. No, no, no. But he was illegal. He was legal. He was legal. You know, there's people, He was second generation. Okay. There's people that came And you know, they're here before I send them back. Actually I think he was more than second generation. Yeah. I want to sure. I know that this guy had roots in the community. I'm not gonna just put him on a fucking Plane, Joe. Yeah, it's but the, I think what you gotta do is just get rid of criminals only. But the only way to know if someone's a criminal is to have due process.


But it's not over a fucking tattoo. No, It's due process. It's due process. That's all I want. Because there's a lot of kids get stupid tattoos. Yeah. And then you have them for life. That'll fucking know. You know, when I went to Japan I couldn't work out in the gym, in the hotel they made me go up to my room, put a long sleeve shirt on 'cause of my sleeves. You can't have open tattoos and work out at like a nice place. 'cause it's connected to the Yakuza. Yeah. So like you, you have to, you have to follow their rules. You know, they, they demand that you follow the rules. I, That's crazy. Yeah. I can't, I can't throw somebody back in a fucking prison like that just 'cause of a tattoo.


I gotta see something. Yeah. I gotta see something. He did something to disrupt the system. Yeah. I just see the thing is, I don't know. I really don't know. I don't know the, the truth of these cases. 'cause you get a, a biased take from one side oftentimes and then you get a biased take from the other side and they're duking it out to, to shape reality for you. Now in 85, I lived in San Francisco and I teamed up with a bunch of Cubans that came in 79. The Mario boat lived And you know, you went over there every day and I had to buy the old guy, the guy that ran the corner. I had to buy him a little bottle of rum, a half pint and he would let you operate your game, whatever your game was, selling weed, whatever.


But my point of the story is that I remember this specifically, but from the time I got there to the time I left, there was probably 80 Cubans on the block. Maybe 20 of 'em got arrested in those days. You got arrested, you got deported really the following week If you got arrested They put you in jail. If you didn't have paperwork or you came in that Cuban thing, yeah they would take you. Right. Immigration would come get you within 72 fucking hours and you'd be right back in Cuba if Fidel would shoot you See it's one thing if you arrest someone for a crime. Yes. And then you deport 'em. I get that. But it's another thing when you are rounding up people 'cause you think they look suspicious. Like during the first Trump administration, there's this dude who was a contractor who was doing something for my house and he was army veteran, I think he was in for 20 plus years and worked at a management position at a big construction firm.


So he did like a prestigious job. He was like a legit guy. So he's at Home Depot and he's dressed nice, you know polo shirt on, nice slacks. He like, he looks like a guy who has money. These ice guys pull him over and demand that he show them their paperwork And you know, he's like, what the fuck are you guys doing? And he says that to them. And then he pulls out his, his, you know, army ID and you know his, his driver's license is like you can't do this. You can't just come up to people. He goes, I'm a fucking American citizen. He goes, I was born in America and I served my country for 25 years and you fucking idiots are just gonna harass me in the parking lot because my family is of Spanish descent the fuck away from me.


And you know, he was hot and he came to the house right from there it was telling me about this. I was like god damn. 'cause here this guy's like gentleman businessman, like sweetheart of a guy wonderful to talk to, great to do business with. Have a conversation with him. Great guy. They just looked at him 'cause he's brown. Like that's it. There's no way you could make any other way. You're gonna point to that guy and think he's an illegal, that guy's driving a brand new Silverado with a construction logo on the side of it. Shiny clean car polo shirt, slacks, clipboard in hand.


Fuck you. That's what I'm worried about. I'm not worried about guys that get arrested. Doc, I was worried when they came to Jersey, I didn't go out that week. I didn't do much. I'm a Diaz. I Don't know. I'm glad they didn't deport you. I didn't. No, but you never listen. Right. But if you did, if you did get arrested for a crime, you probably now would say yeah you should get deported. Like if you did a violent crime. Yeah, yeah Take me back. But there's a difference between getting arrested for a violent crime and just going to Home Depot 'cause you're brown. That's crazy. That's difference. That's crazy Difference. And on this hall, this ice hall, listen you're picking up, I don't know how many thousands of people Correct.


How many people did they pick up on this hall? I do not know the face shipped back. I do not know Doug. You're gonna have a couple clerical errors. Well you're Gonna have always, if I listen more than that, even the computer will pick 'em. Yeah you know it. It's just a clerical error. But there's also Just be big enough to say we made a clerical error. Don't keep saying that. I know you're a gang member 'cause you got a fucking tattoo on. Well the the thing is like that we don't know what's correct. Right. But there's not just clerical errors. If you don't have due process, you also have the potential for people to potentially falsely accuse someone on purpose just so they could arrest him 'cause they don't like them or they have a bad business dealing with them.


Or there's some reason why they wanna send this motherfucker to show him to El Salvador. People are crazy. They do shit like that all the time. If you're just rounding people up and this guy that you fucking hate happens to be from Nicaragua and you just fucking sick, sick the dogs on em. Have you got a hotline when people can call and a rat on people? People are rats. There's a lot of rats. A lot of rats. Especially if you just have a wild number that You can call wild number to turn people in. Remember during covid, like they were, they were giving people rewards for turning people in, for having parties in LA And the mayor was saying, normally snitches get stitches but now they get rewards.


Do you remember that? Yeah I do. That retarded mayor that they had in LA during the entire, the entire time, I don't even remember. He was such a Fucking, hi Los Angeles. Los Angelenos. Oh he's such wasn't that guy. It was, yeah. My favorite thing was when Black Lives Matter protested in front of his house. Like you're never woken up bitch. Well this is my problem. This guy. Well Yeah that guy. What the fuck's his name? Ti Oh god what a tool. Virus.la city.org/business violation. Does he say the snitches usually get snitches? Say it in the beginning. I know where he says it. See it's, I think it's in the beginning. Make Sure that everybody continues to let us know where those folks are.


If you've observed recurring violations of the safer at home order, please continue to let us know@coronavirus.la city.org/business violation. You know the old expression about snitches? Well in this case snitches get rewards. We want to thank you for turning folks in and making sure we are all safe. You should go to jail for saying that. I'm gonna explain something. You fucking monster. This is my Whole due process has been my problem since all this shit started And it started with even the cancer culture. Okay, due process. You gotta come at me and let me know everything just 'cause you opened up your mouth. I said that 22 years ago at a party.


I kissed you, I tried to kiss you. That ain't good enough. That just ain't good enough. Well I went home and called my girlfriend Diane. We'll get her on the fucking stand too. But I don't, I believe in due process I'll do whatever time you want me to do. Prove that I did it. Just don't open up your fucking mouth. Absolutely. But when you have something like I am asking for you to turn people in for anything, people are gonna go nutty and start ratting on people. That's just what they do. You can't get away from that. You can't snitches get rewards. Like if you have that for immigration, you got a real problem. You got a real problem. 'cause there's legit scumbag racists out there that'll find people and start targeting 'em.


People swat people all the time that you know what that is The fucking call 9 1 1 and say someone's being held hostage at Joey Diaz's house at gunpoint and then the SWAT team shows up and you might not know what's going on so you might pull out a fucking gun and get shot. Yeah, I've heard of that. Where college students are doing it. Doing It. People are doing it all the time. All the time. Yeah, no it happens there. There was a bunch of conservative online people that were getting swatted recently. Wild shit dude. You know, you give people this ability with social media or even more so if you can like anonymously tip people that people are immigrants here illegally.


Like boy that's gonna be a problem if that ever happens. And that could just be a woman who owns a fucking fruit stand and a Mexican owns a fruit stand down the corner and she could just call and go, listen, this guy's illegal. There's people that are excited that people are getting deported. Like be fucking careful. Be careful what you wish for. You don't want just more people searching for people to lock up. And then here's the thing, like any other business, once you start getting numbers, you don't want those numbers to drop off. You don't want the job to go away. You know you got a quota, right? If you got a quota, there's, if there's a, I don't know if there is a quota, but if there's a quota for how many immigrants we gotta send back, you gotta have a problem.


'cause then now you've made it a game and now I'm trying to score points. And if Joey gets 30 guys, I wanna get 50 guys. Fuck Joey, I got 50. I think a few of 'em might not be guilty but fuck it, who cares? Who cares? I get I hit the bonus Cadillac, I hit the bonus. Yeah, fuck 'em. They should all go back anyway. Agreed. Agreed. Yeah. There's a lot of fucking idiots in this world. There's a lot of people that they're shortsighted and by giving if, if there is, I'm not saying there is a quota, but if there is a quota, you're giving people a game to play. Now you don't wanna play games with people numbers. Well I think even on ticket quotas there's a percentage that they know they're gonna get beat on It. Like yeah, If I give you 10 tickets, eight of 'em are gonna be good, two of them are gonna be, he's gonna come up with an attorney and fight this.


And the wind was blowing. And you know, I always said that like what would they do? See this is a problem with the government, that they're exposed with this department of government efficiency. And I had heard about this before from my friends who were, that were in the military that like if you get a budget for the year, if you don't spend all of that money, your budget's gonna be reduced next year. You don't want them to happen. So you spend money wildly, completely inefficiently. And I, I think that's part of the problem that we're facing here is like they don't want to lose out on any of this money. They've been getting this money this way for so long. You're right. If they don't use it, that's right.


The budget goes down. Yeah, the budget goes down. They call that something, what is it called? Bullshit. I don't know. What is it called? What is it called? I had a point but I forgot what my point is. But it's just that, you know, we're in a weird time here where people are arguing about whether or not we should abandon core principles that made this country great. Like very intelligent liberal people with degrees or talking about the first amendment should have restrictions. Like no, no, no, no, no. You don't get to decide. You don't get to decide because without free speech, I don't know who's right and I can't just go on narratives.


It's too, that's what a, that's how religions work. That's how cults work. They make you go on a very specific narrative and you can't go outside the lines. If you want the human race to evolve, if you want people to evolve culturally, if you want people to communicate better, they gotta be able to say whatever they want. And then you decide if you want to communicate with people that speak differently than you. And if you think that they have an egregious position, you're allowed to say something about it and you talk about it and everybody has to figure out who's right and who's wrong. And unless that's able to go on, you're never gonna get to the truth. And if you just like cut that off for things that you find offensive, the problem is maybe I don't find it offensive and you can't decide what I can take in and not take in.


You're not allowed to because I don't know you and you don't know me. This is nonsense. Like you gotta give human beings the ability to discern for themselves. The only way for they, for them to truly do that is they gotta be able to communicate openly. And they were trying to stop that during the Biden administration. They were put in the fucking brakes on all kinds of shit that people are allowed to talk to. And everybody's like, yeah, we gotta stop this information. Like you're, you're signing your own fucking death warrant. You don't even know it. You're giving away the only thing that we have left Taking a vitamin, it's called cardio nad.


I'm taking something else that's called like colon. They gave it to me after my lung thing and my lung feels a lot better. You know what the doctor told me when he told me to take the one supplement? What they took it off the market during Covid. Why'd they Do that? Because it's such a great lung supplement. Like I feel a lot better since I've been on it for five weeks. They took this off the internet and everything. They shut down their website for three years. Oh my god. So I, that Sounds so crazy that if you had said this to me before Covid, I would like Joey's crazy. Stop talking like that man. I was so pro pharmaceutical drugs back then, like as the cure all to everything and modern medicine and vaccinations are so important.


And Covid woke me the fuck up when I found out that they were trying to stop doctors and take away their licenses if they prescribed Ivermectin, take away your license. If you just prescribe off-label a drug that people say is beneficial in certain trials, but you are for some reason, you're not allowed to do it for the first time ever. Doctors are prohibited from prescribing something off-label that has no negative side effects. It's never happened before. Never happened before. Where there's a public psyop where they're trying to pretend that it's horse dewormer so nobody will take it.


It's bizarre. And they did it right in front of our face and they just did it for money and the fucking media went along with it and so did the liberals. The liberals went along with it and they parroted out everything they say Safe and effective. If it saved millions of lives With no look, people are dropping like flies to the left and the right of 'em. People are stroking out on the subway and everyone's pretending there's nothing's wrong. Everyone's pretending there's dropping all cause this increase in all cause mortality isn't crazy. That's not weird. It's not weird that cancer is on a skyrocketing rate. That's not weird to you. Everyone's pretending and if you bring it up, you're a kook.


They tricked everybody into being the cop. Everybody is calling that Garcetti hotline. Everybody's a little rat. They're all little rats. They're little rats working for the man and they'll rat on each other. And then if something happens to them because of it, they keep their mouth shut 'cause they don't want to hear it. So they're like, do the work of the man for the man 'cause they're suckers. Isn't That wild? And that that what we're talking about is the problem with This disclosure of aliens. Those people are gonna fall apart.


The people that fell apart in COVID, oh Jesus, they're gonna be wearing silver jumpsuits and sucking alien dicks. The moment those guys arrive, they will jump on Team Alien. They'll be rounding up people and using us for slaves. They'll do whatever the aliens asked. They'll be like Vampire Familiars. Remember those where there was like a guy wasn't a vampire but wanted to be one. So he'd do anything the vampire asked. That's what those fuck faces would do. All those, all the people that got nine boosters, all those morons, they'll, they'll be like on team alien. A hundred percent. It is imperative that the human race perish. It's imperative. We're a blight on the world and the on knock, you're gonna help us those fucking idiots.


Let's tell us right down a river, It's crazy what's going on in the world today my friend? It is, but there's, it always has to be crazy. So we realize it's crazy. So people snap out of it. Like this is the, this is a part of society. It's like it, there's not a linear path to success. What happens with societies is things go really well and then they go terrible and you either adjust or you don't. And if you don't, the civilization dies and then a new one emerges. But if you do, then you recover. And it's like, how many times can you do that? How long can you keep this fucking thing going on? 'cause you're gonna have like great prosperity, which makes soft people, you know, hard times makes hard men.


Hard men make soft times. Soft times make soft men. Soft men make hard times and everybody knows that that's what it is. It just is get it go. And it is just a matter of recognizing that it's happening. So you're course correct, which is why everybody's leaving California. They're not course correcting. They're going into madness and they're like, no, we're progressive. And then, no, no, no, you're going into the rocks. No, no, no, it the rocks protect us. No, you're gonna die. You're gonna hit the rocks. It's gonna be over. Just like there's no more, Rome is gonna be no more LA like you fucking morons, right? There's the, the world is littered with civilizations that lost their way. You can go and find the ruins everywhere. You know, there's, they're gone. They went away.


That's how it happens. Stupid. And you're doing it right now and we either recognize that or we don't. And if we don't, it's not good. But I think we will, I think we have a different, you know, a different way of communicating now because people can talk so much online. You're gonna get a lot of stupid shit online. You get a lot of dumb things online. But you're also gonna get a lot of conversations that make you think, that make you go, that actually makes sense. Like why are we assuming that the way we're doing it so far and the way we've been doing it is the only way to do it? What is wrong with this system? How do we get the money out of it?


How do we get money out of politics? How do we get the number one corrupting factor out of figuring out what's best for all of us? How do we do that? Smoke weed, Eat mushrooms, talk to aliens. That's it. I don't get involved with none of that shit. It doesn't bother me. I do sometimes when I think about it. 'cause I do. I go down roads. I don't want to think about it. I want to just enjoy my life Because I'm scared for my daughter in the future. Everything else. I gotta fucking take a chance every goddamn day. You know what I'm saying? Yes. Well that's also one of the benefits of a society with children. A society with children wants to make sure that the future is safe. A society of people without children making rules, don't give a fuck about kids.


And they're this, some people are actually openly disdainful of children and then they get into positions of government and power. That's not good. I think something happens to you when you have children that I think is an important biological, sort of spiritual developmental cycle. There's something that happens to you when you realize this little person you love more than life itself, and you're taking care of them now. And then you want the world to be a better place. And then you start thinking, oh, all these people around me used to be babies. They used to be ba, this is what we're all on this weird journey. And like, maybe we could all be a little nicer to each other. You know? If that doesn't happen to you and you don't have kids, you don't have something that you love more than life itself.


You know, it's a different, that's a different kind of thing. And if you want power when you're that person, that's a different kind of thing too. And especially if you're into war, if you're a warhawk and you don't have any kids like Jesus Christ, you, you're willing to send other people's kids overseas to die for some nonsense. And you don't even know what that is like. That's kind of crazy. So we're in a society right now where we have a popula except for Elon. We have a population decline. People aren't having as much babies as they used to. It just doesn't seem like it because there's so many people. But it's like a, when they look at the numbers for the future, we're in a kind of a weird population collapse thing.


Like, Japan is fucked. Have you seen any of that stuff on Japan? See if you can find anything on a Japanese population crisis. They're having so few children in Japan that like in three generations, they could be in real trouble. Like the number of people that will have a A grandchild right now is significantly lower than it ever has been. Before I ask you a question. Yeah. The fuck's it got to do with me. I don't give a fuck about the jabs. You know, what the fuck is wrong with you, Joe? Well, I think about it with us because I think about it with like civilizations collapsing. I think about what we've been talking about the whole day. Yeah. But we don't have to worry about that. I know, I know.


I know. We don't have to worry About it. This is fucking too much. You're right. You're right. It's the first podcast I'm done that I'm scared. You know what I'm saying? What the fuck is wrong with you? You're right enough with this shit. You're right. And politics enough. I know Covid is over. If you took the fucking needle, fuck you. If you didn't, now they just found out the fucking, the flu shot don't work. I could have told you that 25 fucking years Ago. Not is not work. It makes you 25% more likely. Come on man, to get the Flu. And I'm a GED type of fucking motherfucker. So knock it off. I hate all this shit. I'm scared. You know what I'm saying? The fuck. I'm scared too. Yeah. About Japanese. Listen man, that's what the problem is. We're worrying about. This is what the internet fucked us.


That's true. This is why we have retards walking around believing everything. Because I forgot what I was gonna tell you. I'm still, the Internet Fucked us. The internet fucked us. It's too much information. It's like this. I was in the hospital and I get on a fucking elevator and there's two, three doctors, you know, half a fags in my world. Okay? And they're like, oh my God, we can't wait till the Kennedy report comes out. Well, how is it gonna make a difference in your world? It's like these idiots with the Epstein list. How is it gonna make a difference in your world if Tom Hanks is on that list? I'll tell you what, do you not Have to go to work tomorrow? Do you have to do all the same shit? It doesn't. That shit doesn't matter to me.


I don't give a fuck who's on the Epstein list. I don't give a fuck what the Diddy's house. It's got nothing to do with me. But in today's world, because of the internet, it makes us think it's got something to do with us. Had nothing to do with me, man. It's a show. That's what it, it's what the fucking show. I don't wanna watch that show. So now I gotta wait here. 60 years, we've been watching the same footage. He got hit it clocked back. Right? You know, Lee Harvey out. But now we want to really fuck with these fucking peanut nimble headed dummies that I, well I wanna see what's on there. Then two days later, the Jews did it. Believe me. Just worry about paying your fucking credit card bills. You fucking idiot.


That's what you should worry about. Did you see what happened this year in this country? Fucking millionaires are selling off fucking property before to pay taxes to get capital. Are you fucking kidding me? And people were worried about the fucking Epstein list. Like, how is it gonna change your life? Who fucking Tom Hanks was fucking in the ass? Who? Doesn't matter. And do you really care at the end of the day? Do you really care about that 16-year-old girl? No, you don't. So shut the fuck up. Nobody cares. It's just a fucking show. It's a show. It's a show. It's like I told you about LA Yeah. You know, I was watching that. But it's, it's a compelling show though. What's that fucking show with the crazy Stoney guy, Seth Rogan? He just, oh, I haven't seen it. The studio.


Okay. Yeah. Not a bad show. Not a bad show at all. But I was watching that show And it let me realize what I hated. Short, small talk. That shit we were talking about before where people just like, well, the other day a contractor came over. I love this guy. Came over to my hospital to do the garage And it was a moment of 10 minutes that it was him and his son and me and my wife. And we're just standing there And it just takes one guy to go, all right, back to work everybody. 'cause if not, we'll sit there for three hours. Right, right, right, right. So how did it feel? Great. How was your trip? Yeah. How was the hospital? Stay. Listen, it doesn't fucking matter how my hospital stay was. Yeah. Get in your truck. Get the fuck outta here and I'll get the fuck outta here. I go my way. You, you know, my wife, I hate her around when people come over because she always throw that curve ball in.


Like, tell 'em to look at the room. No, they don't need to look at the fucking room. Leave them in the fucking garage. If not, you're gonna confuse these motherfuckers. You gotta assume everybody is confused. You go to a restaurant, you get something wrong. Everybody is not cooking on fucking, you know, it's something I've never seen before. Right. Every time I go somewhere, I'm like, how could they be that stupid? Yeah. How could they not do this? How could they, you go to CVS, there's anywhere you go. It's like they're not even training people anymore. They're not even training people anymore. Mm. You know, you go to, I went somewhere the other day. I was at the mall. My daughter was on, I go to PF Chang's. PF Chang's, those type of restaurants, they used to train people for two weeks.


You don't get paid. You are in there learning shit. It's not like a regular restaurant where they're like, follow Joe Rogan around for a day and then fucking come back tomorrow and you're on your own own dog. Nobody's fucking, they don't know anything. These young kids say they don't know anything. Nothing. You know, a lot of 'em aren't even getting driver's licenses. They just Uber everywhere. The kids don't wanna learn how to drive. I don't wanna learn how to drive. They don't care. My friend was telling me his son's got a license for two years. He's home every night. Yeah. We got a license. We, we left the house before we had the license. We Were driving to New Hampshire. Yeah. We had the car before we had the fucking license. Yeah. These, It's, but listen, I had, you know, people, I went to a comedy show and a, a guy comedian was talking about kids.


And I'm like, I'm not gonna do that no more. Because that's all of us. We all talk about when I was fucking 40, right. When I was 28, you know, I did this and I did that. But Right. These kids today, today are different. And I've accepted it. I've accepted it in my neighborhood. When I went back, I was pissed for a few fucking months. How come? Because There's no kids playing. There's kid's all over my fucking street and my little cul-de-sac there. I got like eight fucking kids. Mr. Softy comes, we're the only ones out there four in the afternoon where the fucking kids. And then I start, well, kids don't feel comfortable being unsupervised today. You know, you hear too much about kids being abducted and weird things happening to kids.


It's not like they could free range. Like when we were kids. It's like there's that, that narrative's out there everywhere. And then some neighborhoods just aren't fucking safe. You, your kid shouldn't be out. Nah. There's a lot of safe neighborhoods. Yeah. Kids don't play. Our neighborhood wasn't that safe. But in unity there was strength. There's a real problem with video games. Video games are so good. It's kids don't want to go outside. It's fucking, it's a fucking cell phone On the computer Too. That too. It's a cell phone. And the computer Man, that too. It's so many things, but I'm not, I don't have a problem with it no more. That's what I'm trying to say to you. It's who they are now. It's who they are. You know, I was reading something, I just put this together. It's the truth. Remember a couple, maybe a year ago, they were talking about how low testosterone in these people Yeah.


Kids don't play no more. Well they don't play, they don't go outside. They don't get Any Sunlight. They don't, they don't jump. They don't jump. And then they're eating garbage. So what do you think this testosterone levels are gonna be? And They, they have plastic in their brain. They said that they studied a bunch of people to see micro, how much microplastic they had in their brain. And some people had as much as a plastic spoon. What, imagine that you have so many microplastics in your brain that if they extracted it all, you can make a plastic spoon. So of course that's gonna wreck your fucking testosterone too. Yeah. And then I saw this thing about Call of Duty, some fucking insane statistic about the amount of time that in total that's been played in Call of Duty is like more than human civilization.


Like the amount of minutes that people have logged, like millions of people playing Call of Duty is like, if you put it all together, it's longer than human civilization. And I've never played a video game, Joe. Good. Is that the craziest Thing? You'd love it. Stay away from them. They crack. Really? They crack. No, I just never felt the need to sit there on a fucking computer and shoot at people. I'd rather shoot at people for real. I'd rather steal a car for real. Or roll a fucking drug dealer. Well, it's definitely more fun to shoot at things for real. But video games are very fun. There's, they're not these people playing 'em aren't morons. They're fun. They're really fun. I know you. What is the long, what is the amount of time spent?


It's, I, This goes back, there's a Reddit post from 10 years ago, actually repeating the exact same thing. So, so 10 years ago it was that much. But that's, there's, you could probably pick a video game though and say the same thing. Right? Grand Theft Auto, right? Yeah. Any really popular game. Right? Yeah. How about subway servers? This Is 25 billion hours played, but this just 10 years ago. 25 billion hours. That's that's so crazy. That's so crazy. That's so many hours of people playing that fucking game 10 years ago. Yeah. At the same time. The World of Warcraft has 6 billion years. Played 6 million. 6 million. 6 million. 6 million. Still Jesus Christ. So 6 million.


That's Prec civilization. I was a model guy. Weren't you a model guy? Yeah, I, I used to make Little Star Wars, millennium Falcon models. I love model cars. I used to do all the superheroes. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. The brick wall and all that. Remember? And you could paint them. You could paint them. Yeah. I used to paint them and the whole thing. That was my, that's the only thing that kept me up when That was fun. Until one day my mom goes, stop painting those fucking things. Get out the fucking house. How much paint fumes were we just fucking getting in our bodies as little kids and glue. Glue and glue Paint fumes. Listen, everybody's got their problem. These people talk about crack, Rubber, rubber cement, cement, glue. Remember that stuff when you would crack it and you had the brush attached to the lid? Oh shit. And you pull it out and the smell, you'd be like, woo. And you'd tell your friend, smell this.


He'd all be smelling markers. Everybody be sniffing markers and sniffing glue. I was thinking of sniffing glue again, just to see how we feel Now. Probably not good. I would imagine we have some, we have some smelling salt. Should we wrap this up with a smelling salt? Jamie, how many of those are fresh? They're all stacked. Is there any order to those? The way they're stacked? I think this is the last one. That's the last freshie. Chuck that Baby this way. You got one to go for me? Yeah, of course. I Have one to Go. You really wanna take it with you? I got one. Okay, Here we go. Oh, this is fresh. Fresh. This one hasn't been open yet. Oh, you hear that? That means it just melted back on or something.


Oh boy. Whoa. This is a good one. Here we go. Oh, oh, oh boy. Wow. Yeah. Them fresh ones. Oh my goodness. I Gotta get the right side hold. Are we, are we giving ourselves brain damage or what? Hopefully let's find out about that. What else were we finding out about? We figured out the numbers. Was there one other thing? Yeah. Jesus. These fresh ones are brutal. Are we giving ourselves brain damage? Holy crap.


I need to know. I can't afford any more brain damage. I cleared my ears. Yeah, let's put a lid on that thing. Keep it fresh. Oh my god, Joe, keep it Fresh. Does you overuse may damage nasal passages or lungs. Oh well that's not good. What does it do? What's overuse? Overuse to damage Nasal pass. I don't think it's getting to my lungs. Fuck you both. I got damaged nasal fucking pats already. And lung hair and Fucking bro. You're, you're the inside of your nose is scarred over. It's like a cauliflower ear. Look at this. That was a good whack. That was a good, that was a very good whack. That affected something. Yeah. Please you out. I've never tried it before. Lifting weights. But that's what it's for. That's what they do.


Those power lifters. So this is for strength lifters. Yeah. The real powerlifter guys. They like to take a jolt of that shit right before they fucking ya Fuck They Deadlift shit. And what the pro is in cons of this shit. Like what are the long, I Don't think there's any pros. It's all cons. This is not good. What we just Did is not good. This the ones we just did now is just the higher strength of the stuff they used to put in your nose. It smells, it's The same stuff. It's exactly same stuff. It's, it's smelling salt. It's just a whole jar of them. It's ammonia. Right Jamie? Now If you get knocked out, you put that under them. What happens? They Used to be able to do that to boxers in between rounds. Oh my gosh. They stopped allowing them to do it. You know, 'cause I guess it'll wake you up if you got a concussion a little bit.


Just enough for you to get more of a concussion. So Tommy Hearns can hit you again. Oh, up. And I got this fucking Lori, not Lawrence Fishburne. Who's the other guy? The guy I like a lot. He's in the godfather of Harlem. Fort Whitaker Forest. Whitaker Forest. Whitaker Eye now. Oh, did you See it? No. What's going on with dry eye? I know when I high droop high it droops. Only when you get high. That's hilarious. Yeah, Right here over this. I gotta put like scotch tape over this. Did you ever see Forret Whitaker in the color of money? Fucking Tremendous house. Paul Newman. He hustled Paul Newman. It was beautiful. Oh, he's fucking really good. Can I ask you a question? You think I need to lose weight? Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. He says that after he robs him, he tricks him.


He pretends he sucks at pool. And then slowly but surely Paul Newman realizes he's getting hustled. Sorry, I'll throw this away. And there's a scene where he gets angry and he asks him, are you a hustler? And he's like, you, you can quit if you wanna quit. It's one of the best scenes. That Was a great scene. I forgot About that. It's of the best, it's one of the best scenes in the movie. Because that's really how it works. It's Just, just for your clarity. A doctor says this about smelling. Oh, what Does it say? If you're stuck in a room that was filled with ammonia gas, you would get lung to toxicity. Potentially you get airway injury, you could potentially die. But breathing this stuff in a few times over a few hours isn't really gonna lead to any significant complications He had.


The the FDA warning is mostly a regulatory issue about misbranding and mislabeling. Oh, okay. So we don't have to worry. There's no way we could worry because those powerlift guys, they, they've been doing it forever. Just Like that Hicks joke about, you know, when you smoke cigarettes, they're on the side of labels. Oh yeah. Low birth weight. Low birth weight. I could live With that. Just pick the ones you like. Yeah, yeah. Ironic that that guy got pancreatic cancer. And that's a side effect of cigarettes. That's one of, I mean, you can't for sure say that that's what caused it. But that is one of the things that comes from that renewed interest may have come after the appearance on The Joe Rogan Experience. Oops. Ah Yeah.


People blasting themselves. That's hilarious. They've got this shit now. That's hilarious. What's going on for Jersey? Who's on that card? Kyla against the Venezuelan. Let's pull it up. The main event is Sugar Sean O'Malley and Rob Wavish Willie the rematch, which would be absolute fucking chaos. Juliana Pena versus Kayla Harrison. Who's the most jacked female that's not on steroids walking the face of the earth. Kayla Harrison is fucked. I mean, she passes all her tests. But good lord, that lady's jacked. Bruno Silva, Joshua Van. This is like, they haven't made the full card yet. These, this Kelvin Gasland, the fight with Joe Pifer that was rescheduled. Joe Pifer got real sick in Mexico City.


So did Daniel Cormier and so did John Annick. They all got really sick in Mexico City. Cheetos on that cart. Oh, lemme see that. Yeah, I was Gonna get the better Version. Okay. Who was Cheeto fighting? That Kel fight is a very good fight, by the way. Kel and Joe Piper. Joe Piper is a fucking terrifying dude. Mario Batista. That's a very good fight. Mario Batista is rock solid man. That's a serious dude. And Marlon is a monster too. 'cause that's, that's a fucking very good fight. Marlon's got the bigger name, but Mario Batista is a fucking killer.


Great card. But it's not fully formed yet. No, there's just a few fights. Generally speaking, there's usually, it's around 13 fights. You know, John and I were talking about that the other day. Like there, there's nothing like calling the UFC fights. 'cause you start, you know, if it's on in Vegas time, you're starting the fights at 3:00 PM and you're going all the way through to the pay-per-view. You're doing like six hours plus of commentary. And then you gotta find times to run to pee. Because sometimes it's like I have to tell the the truck I cannot pee. And then you gotta, because I'm drinking Monster energy drinks and I'm taking nicotine pouches and I'm fucking fired up and I'm drinking a lot of water too.


I'm drinking my hydrogen water and I have to fucking be so bad. There's nothing worse when you have to, when you're trying to form a sentence and you have to pee dog. You can't think It has been brutal for me. Brutal. And when I eat mushrooms, I gotta pee every 20 fucking minutes. Why? And I, if I'm in a car, I gotta pull over and pee and I gotta make sure I'm not in a sexual fucking territory. Like I don't pee at Oh, Close to schools. Like close to schools, to churches. Yeah. Fucking parks. 'cause then they throw you under the bus for sexual whatever. Yeah. And you gotta be careful. But dog, I'm in a world where there's, some weeks are better than others. I don't get up at night to pee. But in the daytime, especially if I work out and I start drinking that water and drinking that water, oh baby, I gotta start peeing.


And when I got sick, this was the beauty of it. Every time I had to pee, I'd get anxiety. I would get a panic attack. I couldn't even make it to the bathroom to walk. Really? I was peeing my pants on the way to the fucking bathroom. Joe, you have no idea that the last week of February when I went to the hospital in March, that was possibly that Saturday. That Saturday night, my blood pressure was two 12 over a hundred. And my oxygen level was at 86. And I wouldn't go to the hospital because I didn't want the ambulance coming to get me at four in the morning in front of my daughter. So I waited till eight and then I drove myself to the hospital. It was fucked up bro. Wow.


That was a fucked up couple months, man. I didn't know what was going on. And what did they determine? It was, It was had heart congenital heart failure. When you have fluid in your lungs, edema, whatever. I was retained, bro. I went, I walk around right now, I'm 2 78. I was 2 65 all summer. 'cause I was really happy every day I would go, look, I could fight in the UFC. When I walked into the hospital I was three 19. Oh, you got big. I Got big in a month. Oh Like a month. And I wasn't eating in the hospital. Nothing. What were you, were you, was it like Italian food? Like what guy eat some big I was just retaining water.


Em is when you returning the water? Oh, like Water. Oh, that much water. Oh my god. Joe. And my lungs was getting the water so I couldn't breathe. And then when I would not, it got to, it became, it went from me just having to stop. Like if I would walk from here, I wouldn't make it to your bathroom. Couldn't make it to your bathroom. I would have to stop in the in between and take like a five minute breath. Meanwhile holding my peeing. Oh Jesus. And your fucking stress levels going up and up. 'cause you're holding your fucking peeing. It got to the point I would walk into ShopRite, get what I had to get. But now I gotta stand there 'cause I got a fucking pee from the walking. Oh No. And the bathroom's a mile away.


There's no walking. Oh, I just take your dick out and pee. There's no even, oh my God. In those days it wasn't even getting the container from the car. 'cause I started bringing the container in the car. There was no time. You just get out, open the car door and make believe you're waving at somebody and you take your dick out and you're peeing or you, I make believe like I'm getting something from the back of the car the whole time I'm peeing. Oh wow. Yeah, man. So as soon as I went in, they put me on these fucking things for three days. And I lost like 20 pounds of fluid. It was fucking amazing. I was peeing one of those full things. One an hour. Really Couldn't even make it to the bathroom. I would just get up and fucking pee in it, fill it up.


And then they did a nuclear blood test and they had to take out, I don't know, fucking six tubes of blood in 45 minutes. And that's when they came back and they go, you got 65%, you're overloaded on fluid in your body. You're retaining that much water and your blood cells are off the charts. So we gotta start draining. And I started, I started draining. They were taking, I don't know how many tubes from me, every three hours of blood. Wow. Look at my fucking arms. They fucking banged up. I the fucking wow. Heroin junkie. So when I got out, I started taking it. Listen, when you end up in a hospital, there's a problem. Okay. There's a problem.


Yeah. Clearly you can, you cut a stitch. That's not a problem. You had a situation. That's how I looked at it. There's a problem here. We gotta get to the bottom of this fucking And what is the bottom of it? What's the cause Of all that? I, it was, it was, I was taking MK 6 77. What is that? And it's a, it's a amino acid peptide, which mimics growth hormone In your brain. And it had a lot of dumps like it, it do insulin dumps and all this type of shit. And it was raising my sugar. It was doing a ton of shit. I didn't even know it. But this ain't the first time it happened. It happened when I was doing testosterone when I was 50. I had a, a rush of red blood cells and I had to go to, I was in DC and I had the worst fucking migraine headache for days.


And they took blood out and they go, you got too many red blood cells. Wow. So that's why I can't do any of that shit. And it's like the man said, if you're gonna do growth, do growth. Don't get something that's gonna mimic growth. What ways to well can do for you? What's, What's that? What, what ways to well could do for you will change your fucking life. Yeah, no, We get You a full blood panel and figure out what's going on. Adjust your nutrition. Adjust your I love, I love vitamin Vitamin's. Best a good fucking Man. He's the best. And He loves what he does. He does. And that's what the key is. Like he's jerking off all over that fucking martian. He loves that shit. He loves it. He loves it. He loves It. It took forever to build that thing. He was telling me he was having that thing made two years ago.


And I was like, wow, what are you doing? And now that he got it, I was like, oh, okay. I get it. It's pretty cool. It's Pretty really fucking bad. It's really cool. But that was what I have going on, man. When I came out, We're gonna see what we could do. Yeah. I quit smoking pot and I was like, come on man. After about a month, I'm like, come on Joey. To say, ain't what fucking puts you in the hospital. You know this. So I started slightly, I would just do one hit in the morning. 'cause that's all I need is the morning, the rest of the day's. Bullshit. I just like to be high in the morning with that coffee. That's my world. That lets me know what I'm doing that day. You think about life. Yeah, No, Think About what you're doing. It's like what Bill Heck said. Marijuana don't make you lazy. It just makes you realize that what you're gonna do ain't worth doing.


Okay. That's the way I look at it, you know? Then I gotta drive into the city, do that podcast and the 18 people listen to it. I'm not fucking politic this, you know, that's what happens. And that's what happens with me. I smoke pot in the morning. I'm like, I ain't doing that today. Fuck. I love you to death. Joey, let's wrap this up, My brother. Thank you for having, I'm glad you're in town. Happy. Let's have some fun. Happy Easter everybody. State black cuts up. Bye everybody.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Whether you're building the perfect vegetable garden or booking your dream summer vacation, you share your information with all different kinds of people and places. But not everybody who handles your personal information is going to be as careful as you. And it only takes one mistake to expose it to hackers and identity theft. Maybe that's why there's a new victim of identity theft every five seconds in the United States. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity If your identity is stolen, a LifeLock US-based restoration specialist will help you solve identity theft issues on your behalf, guaranteed or your money back. Plus, all LifeLock plans are backed by their million dollar protection package, meaning LifeLock will reimburse you up to the limits of your plan. If you lose money due to identity theft, you can't control how diligent others are with your personal information. But with LifeLock, you can protect it. Act now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use the promo code JRE or go to lifelock.com/jr e for 40%. Off terms apply.