
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Oh man. Hey, very, very nice to meet you. Incredible To meet you. Fucking gigantic fan Man. Appreciate that. I just Love what you've done because like anybody who could start their career off and make a movie for $7,000 right, is a hero. That's such a, just an incredible accomplishment. Yeah. To make a, a movie that people still watch and talk about today for seven grand. You know, It was an experience for sure. I, I, I had a really good plan And it backfired.


So I tried to right away when it worked in a different way, I wanted to share that experience. I wrote a book called Red Without a Crew that really inspired filmmakers. 'cause even that time Time you did the audio for it too. I just recently, I couldn't believe it. I hadn't read it since I wrote it. And I had forgotten a lot of the details. And now I can see why it inspired so many people. Because it, you know, when you're in your early twenties, six months feels like six years, right? So when you read it now and go, oh my God, from inception to making it penniless by myself to Toast of the Town, it's like that. It was unbelievable. I couldn't wait to shout from the rooftops to all the other filmmakers like me who thought they couldn't get in. How I did it exactly.


I wrote a book about it and I'd read it now and I'd go, oh my God, this is an impossible story. I keep laughing during the audio book going, okay, what you're reading right now never happened before. And it never happened again. It was like lightning in a bottle. And you would see every time I thought something wasn't going my way. And I was really bummed about it. Within weeks, an upshot beyond. And it really taught you that you just gotta follow your instinct. If you have an idea, go even if you know no one else has ever done this before and you'll end up someplace different. I'm ask you about that. 'cause I know you end, end up doing the same thing a lot. Yeah, for sure. Where it's not manifesting so much in that way. You're just kind of following your nose. You're doing something that just sounds ridiculous. They, even when I tried to tell one of my teachers that I was gonna go do that summer, I said, I'm gonna go try and make a movie.


And he goes, oh yeah, who's gonna be your director of photography? And I said, I didn't wanna tell 'em. I'm the whole crew. And I said, I, I'm, I'm the dp. Oh, the actors are gonna hate you. You are gonna be there setting up your lights all the time. I'm like, okay, I'm not gonna tell 'em I'm the rest of the crew. It was just because I had read this advice that meant to be good advice. But it sounded really depressing. It was, someone had written, if you wanna write screenplays, write three full screenplays. Throw 'em away. Your fourth screenplay will be it. Hmm. It's like I ever written a screenplay. It's very hard to write a screenplay. It's hard to write. It's Like three huge meals that you're just gonna dump. Why not? Okay, write the script, throw it away. But why you're throwing it away? Why not also shoot it and direct it light at yourself.


Do the sound yourself so that you're training yourself on each one. So I thought, where can I do this? Where I can get paid to do that? Like my own film school where I get paid to learn. So I discovered that there were these straight to Spanish movies that are action movies. You go to the, you've seen the HEBs around here. There used to be a video section to rent movies. And there was a Spanish section. The Spanish section had movies. Like they were just action movies. They had a soap star. They were made for 30 grand, 40 grand shot on video, no action. But it had a title that looked kinda like a US title, like, like written like Lethal Weapon Two. And you would rent it. It'd be like just crap people in an apartment talking. It wasn't. So I, I looked at the back of those and I thought we can make a better one.


Probably for like $5,000. 'cause I had made a short film called Bedhead by myself with a windup camera. It was eight minutes And it cost $800. So I thought multiply it times 10, I could do an 80 minute movie for $8,000, but with dialogue and everything, I bet I could get it for under eight, probably more like five or six. Let's go shoot a movie, write it, shoot it, I'll be the whole crew. So I learn all the jobs and then we'll sell it to the Spanish home video market. No one will know it's me. 'cause it's Robert Rodriguez, a bunch of Robert Rodriguez. I'll make three of those because I was so young. I was winning a lot of film festivals with short films. But I thought if someone sees one of my short films, it's winning all these awards. They're not gonna hire me to do a short film.


I'm gonna hire me to do a feature. And I've never practiced that. So I need practice. So I'm gonna practice three films, take the best scenes from 'em, have a demo reel with the money I make from them. I don't know how much I can sell it for. So I gotta make it really cheap. Let's just do the first one and then we'll know. Then I'll take that money and make my First American independent film. And that'll be more serious because I threw it away like that. I just thought, well, lemme just make something fun. Action movie. I guess I could do action. I started as a cartoonist. So it was more comedic than anything else. I said, well, an action movie, let's make it fun. Let's make it about a guy with a guitar case full of weapons. Kinda like Road Warrior who goes from town to town with a guitar case full of weapons. But I can't afford Road Warrior on the first one. So how about I just do a, a genesis story?


So I took out these cards and I go, okay, maybe he was a guitar player. In fact, that'll be a funny title. 'cause I have this comedic sense. I thought, I'm gonna make a movie that's got so much action and it's actually shot on film, but I'll call it the, basically the guitar player, which promises no action whatsoever. Put it on the shelf. And if someone happens to be so desperate to watch it, they'll be surprised. You know, that was like my joke to myself. But I just wanna practice. So I did this method where I just got the cards and I go, guy, because I'm used to making short films. Guy with a guitar case walks into a bar looking for work. They refuse. Say we don't hire people, we use a synthesizer. Now he leaves a guy with a guitar case full of weapons, walks in after shoots the place up, says he's going after the guy who owns it because he did 'em wrong.


So I put those two cards down and I went, okay, that's how I short film with Star. But shit, this is a feature. So let me put, it's gonna need Like three scenes before, this is how fast you write. Wow. The script. I wrote that script 'cause it was, again, I'm throwing it away. I'm just gonna make something that I wanna see because no one else is gonna see it. You're getting paid to Practice. I'm I, if I can sell it, I'll be paid to practice. So then I thought, okay, we gotta figure out who this guy, okay, how about he's a control player who's coming into town, but wait, who's the guy that shoots the play cell? Let's start with him In jail, I read a story about a guy in Mexico who was running his drug business from his, from his jail cell. And he used it as protection. He could walk out at any time someone puts a hit on him in jail. He shoots them up, tells the bad guy, I'm coming after you, now I'm coming to your town.


I'm gonna shoot up your town. He passes the mariachi on the road. The mariachi is a mariachi. The guy who just wants to be a musician. We get to know who he is. And then he walks in the bar and then the guy comes and shoots the place up. Well, now he's gotta leave and go to another place. So now he's gotta go meet the girl. And now this is gonna, oh, and because it's a, it's a, it's a, you know, movie about a guitar player. He's gotta have some kind of tragic pass. 'cause Road Warrior had a tragic pass. Mad Max, he lost his wife and kid. Oh my gosh, he has to die 'cause that's gonna be every movie. He's gonna be like a sad song in his songbook. So it kind of just wrote that fast and went, and I shot it. Did you do it like that with the Index cards? Index cards I do this for. And You just lay it out on a table. I do this for everything, for everything I tell people, I, I do this talk where I, I, by the end of the talk I say, I keep these in my, in my bag.


It always makes me smile. 'cause I know I've made a million dollars with this before. And that's a tiny little, This is a tiny one you can carry anywhere. I gave this to my kids one Christmas, you Know, for people that are just listening, it's closed together with rubber vans. Rubber vans. I gave this with in a, in a cool little leather bag for my kids when Christmas. I thought they would say, what's the shit? They loved it. I said, you can change your life with this thing. 'cause a lot of times, you know, you go to a therapy not for answers, you go for questions. We have the answers inside us. Usually we ask ourselves terrible questions. The therapist asks you questions like, why do you, why did they make you feel? Why'd you do that? And what's up? What's going on? If we do our own questions, like what's next? What goes before this?


Your mind comes up with the answer. If you ask the right question. Mm. So I've used this for like, we usually ask em empowering questions. You know, the words we use in ourselves are so important, but so are the questions like, why am I such a loser? Well, I can give you 10 answers right now, but if I change it to what three things could I come up with to start this week that will not just change my life but everyone around me? You don't come up with three, you come up with like 15, just keep coming out. And as you look at 'em, you go, these kind of go together and are actionable. I can actually start this right now. I mean you can literally change your life. Business ideas, movie ideas, stories, just with a deck of cars. By the time I build up and show all the examples of it, at the end of the talk, I hold up one of these with a rubber bands to the crowd and I say, who wants to change your life?


Everybody's Hands go up. I toss one out. They catch it. In fact, I remember my nephew about seven years ago, caught one And it's funny 'cause he's on Broadway now. It's just like, lets you map out your life. Another friend of mine, DJ Cat, he is an actor, he caught one. And he said, wow, that talk you gave was so empowering and how you wrote it. I went home and I picked up an old script I hadn't picked up in Wallet. I just cut off the phone for three days and I finished it. And I said, you finished a script in three days. I like the feedback loop that happens when you inspire somebody. I go, I'm gonna try that. 'cause I got a bunch of half-baked ideas that I've never gone in none of that with. That's you did it in three days. Yeah. If you shut the phone off, you can do it in three days. And now he has that movie's out. It's coming out. It's called Fight or Flight with Josh Harnett.


He wrote that. Wow. Yeah. After hearing the talk, he went and picked up this old thing that he thought. And I, I get this a lot when I've talked to people. It's really inspiring to them to hear other people. That's why I'll ask you questions about it too. Where Did


this episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. Summer is almost here. And You can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but You can get chicken Parmesan delivered Catamaran. That's a no lemon meringue. That's a yes. A day in the sun. No. A bottle of rum. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely help you out with that. Get almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You must be legal drinking age. Please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by Region C App for details.


This episode is brought to you by blinds.com. Alright, listen, upgrading your window treatments can totally transform your space And it can help you save on energy bills. Yeah, blocking the heat out. Keep the cool in. But is it worth the hassle? It is with blinds.com because they changed the game. There's no waiting around all day for a salesperson to show up. Just to get a quote, blinds.com makes it easy. Just jump online and browse for yourself or do a virtual consultation with one of their award-winning experts. And you get free samples sent to your house to check out the goods before you buy. Do it yourself or let blinds.com handle the measure and installation for you. You can even get all your windows measured for free. No hidden fees, just upfront pricing. Zero Bs. Now's the time to score big with spring Black Friday deals going on right now. In fact, right now they're offering my listeners an exclusive 40% off their entire order. Just go to blinds.com and use the promo code Rogan 40 at checkout. Limited time offer rules and restrictions apply.


Don't you develop this approach? Like, is this something you completely invented yourself? Just in to map out life on index cards, Writers will often put index cards up to just kind of block out a scene. It's a very, it's, it's a, it's a visual way to see your story. Like when you lay it out and you go, oh, this works. I'm missing a section here. But again, like this is asking you, what can I put there? You'll come up with a bunch of ideas And it almost gives you like an overview. But I started it when I was a cartoonist. I had a daily cartoon strip. So I would draw on different cards, different drawings, and every day I had to come up with a comedic idea and a drawing and a story. And it was tough. You'd have to draw it out and you would sometimes make two drawings that you really liked and go, oh, this kind of is the setup.


1, 2, 3 payoff of the joke here. And I come up with it like that. So I kind of use it for everything. It's kind of a, a more vis, I'm a more visual kind of person. So it helps you visually see something that's normally like written words and stuff. So it started off with Concepts and ideas With cartoons. And then it wor worked into writing. But I, I haven't seen too many people apply it the way you you're explaining it. Like you could actually use that to fix your life. Oh, fix your life completely. Because it's another question. It's just questions you're asking yourself. Right. And amazing thing is, once you start doing stories, that's why I like doing a lot of original franchises. Probably like made the most original franchises of a film. 'cause I don't usually direct other people's stuff. Because you realize you're creating this story like I just made this guy's destiny happen and I can give him a good outcome or a bad outcome.


It's in my control. And you realize you can do that with your own life. So you're writing the story of your own life, of who you're gonna become. Who you're gonna be. And as a parallel. And you realize you've got that power. And when you realize you've got that power, you can, you can make literally anything happen. And it's, I you realize art and life should be the same. You know so many people, I, I was telling this story to somebody and they said, wow, you're really positive. And it kind of makes a lot of sense. You know, I have a project that's pretty much altogether, almost the pieces are there, but I guess I'm just not ready. It's gonna be on your tombstone. Here's why. So and so. He was never ready.


You can't wait to go do it like life. You don't know what's gonna happen. Yeah. You wanted to work out today what happened? Bunch of shit. Right? Got in the way your tires, flat fires went up, you just got fired. Right. You can't, you're not ready for life. You're like this. Right. But for some reason people, artists think that they need to be ready to create art. It's like, no, you gotta jump in and just start. You just need to start. You're not gonna really feel ready till you're almost done with a project. I didn't feel ready to make that $7,000 movie till the last few days when I was like, okay, now I wrap my head around it. I have to figure it out day by day. Yeah. The procrastination really cripples people. Yeah. Really does. We're thinking that they need to know more. And you don't realize the answers you get that you need are not gonna figure it out.


Sitting at a desk gonna be on the floor. Well I think it's kind of a fear of incompetence and failure. Especially if you're undertaking something like starting a film. Yeah. Like some people just, for whatever reason they did, they don't have the confidence to just potentially fail and just to just try it. Just get moving. Yeah. Just get, you know, Hemingway, my friend Ari on his laptop, he has this quote, top of his keyboard, first draft of everything. His shit. Yeah. And it's Hemingway. Yeah. Like, God, what a great fucking, it's like such an important thing to know. 'cause he knows the process. Yes. If you trust the process, yes. You don't have to worry. And if you question, well I don't know if you're an artist, that's what an artist should think. Think. But don't let that cripple you. I call it fear forward. Like you should have some fear going into something.


Yes. Like I might screw up, but that's good. That means you're not wasting your time. I Think it's really important for people to hear someone like you who's accomplished so much. Say it that way. Yeah. 'cause they can internalize it and go, okay, this is what it's, I just have to do something. Yeah. I just actually get moving. I just can't sit around waiting for the perfect time. 'cause it won't happen. It's Not gonna happen. And there's that thing like you have to, you know, I always give people copies of the War of Art Pressfield Book. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Amazing book. It's a great book. But it's all about that. That book is, if you're strut, trying to figure it out, that book's the guidebook, read that book. It's a short little book. Super easy to read. And it gives you the tools to put in your head like, oh this is resistance.


Like this procrastinate, this is this weird fear of doing it. Yeah. 'cause it's not like the thing you're doing is painful, which is really crazy. Like writing out cool plot lines and this. That's gotta be fun. It's really fun. Fun. Now the making of it might be very painful, tedious, but it's a very short amount of pain versus a long-term pain of you not living your dream. That's The Longest term. That's the longest time you can spend. That's the longest time in pain. There's, You Just rip the bandaid off and jump in. I mean, I'm sure there's a, a bunch of people out there that are in the middle of that right now. And they're trying to figure Out, oh absolutely. We have to keep reminding ourselves because we know and we gotta remind ourselves. Sometimes we forget and we don't apply it to other areas of life.


I'll talk about that. That's when I really found success was when, when I took these ideas and moved it to another area. But like, I try to figure this out when I was, I was doing that other method, the wrong method when I was cartooning. 'cause I would, it would be so hard to come up with a cartoon strip each day. But I needed the money. And I had a daily cartoon strip here at ut. We had the biggest comics page in the country. It was really, everybody wanted to be the next Burke bread that he'd come outta there. He did Bloom County, he was a UT student. And his, his college art was like national stuff. So we all wanted to be him. And so I would go, like, this has gotta be an easier process than sitting here and working it out. I wanna come home and develop a process where I sit on my couch and I just picture it first.


I picture the comic, I picture the jokes, I picture the drawing. Then I, I just go draw it. Right? Mm. I'd be there two hours, three hours. My deadline's coming up. Shit, it's not working. So I have to go fuck, start drawing again, then be like, okay, this kind of goes that one that, oh, oh here it is. And I realized something really profound back at, you know, 19. And it's really carried into mariachi, which is when you pick up the pen or the keyboard or the camera and you start, it starts doing itself. You realize it's not you. It's coming through you because there's a creative spirit assigned to us that needs hands. And it's not gonna reward you if you're doing that. 'cause it can do that.


But as soon as you pick it up, it takes over. So I, I realize, oh, I just have to be a conduit or a pipe. And if I just start, I'm gonna be like, whoa. And, and you gotta keep your ego out of it. 'cause if you go, wow, how did I do that? I wonder if I could do it again. You just shut it. Right? You just shut it right back up because you think it's you and it's not you. And I know this works because I taught it to my kids when they were younger. I thought, I gotta teach it to my kids. And since they hadn't learned any bad habits, they went, oh we, so we didn't have to do anything. We just have to start writing. It's gonna come out and go. Yeah. And they win. They wrote all this amazing stuff. And I was like, they don't have to be reversed. You know, reversed. But that, that was a very powerful thing. And I saw, when I did another $7,000 movie recently, I had a TV series based on Rebel without a crew, where I, I got independent filmmakers so it only made short films.


And I gave 'em two weeks. I said, you gotta do like mariachi, you can bring one person to be, you're either a cameraman or your sound guy, but you gotta do the whole movie yourself. Write it, direct it, edit it, and be shot in two weeks. That's how long it took me to shoot mariachi. And they're all, oh, we don't know how we're gonna do it. By the week they started shooting, they're already go talking about their next three films. Like they changed their idea of what was impossible is just dropped out. So I was really, really curious to do mine. I was doing one based on my medical experiments I did to pay for mariachi, which is another story. And I son, I probably wanna get into that. I brought my son racer 'cause I knew he hadn't been working with me on the movies for a while. I'm gonna make him my second guy. He is gonna be my co-writer. My co-writer. And he's gonna be doing the sound. And I didn't show him how to use the sound equipment till we're filming.


'cause we're documenting it. We made a documentary about it and people really loved about how we made this movie today for $5,000. And he was fumbling around and, and we're going. And I thought, they're gonna, he's gonna hate this. You know, he's got his own interest. He doesn't wanna work on a movie, but I need him. And so he comes to me at the end of the day with his brother and goes, dad, the actor didn't show up. The set didn't match. The, the location didn't match the script at all. Everything was falling apart. We asked you how are we're going to finish the day. And you said, well, I don't know. We'll see what happens. And, and we thought, oh my God, is this the movie that finally, you know, he can't figure out? But by the end of the day, we figured it out and their eyes were all wide and went, oh, they don't realize that's the creative process.


And that's every day in life and in work life you don't, you don't know you're gonna figure it out as you go Arch be the same way. And by the end of the two week shoot, they're interviewing him and he's all waxing philosophical about the creative process. Like he's been doing it for years. He goes, he goes, I never knew how my dad did mariachi. And then now I know 'cause I just did this project. He didn't know either. Ah, he just started and he figured it out day by day. Most people never start. I mean, he succinctly encapsulate everything I tried to say in my book, which was, you just gotta go. And identity is key. Identity is the main thing. All these people who are out there, you gotta tell 'em this. If you are listening and there's something you're not getting in your life that you really want, it's not, it's not a matter of desire.


You have the desire. There's a, there's a missing element that I talked about in the book and I'd forgotten myself. You know, we forget our own good advice over the years. People would say, Hey, in your book it says this. And I'd go, I wrote that. I was so smart back then. What, what happened? I gotta go reread my own book. But it was this thing where I told people, 'cause they would come up to me a lot 'cause I was making films really early on. And say, I'm an aspiring filmmaker. You might hear that I'm an aspiring comic, you know, I'm an aspiring filmmaker. I'd go stop aspiring. You're calling yourself an aspiring filmmaker. That's now your identity. You're always gonna be aspiring. Just say you're a filmmaker. Mm. Take one of these cards and make a a business card.


Even if you have to hand write it who you are. I'm a direct, I, I wrote, I did one, I had to print it up. Director cinematographer, editor composer. I, that's who I am. Now you're gonna have to conform to that. And you're gonna start making films. That's, I started making these films even for Spanish video. And so you have to think it for, and I'd forgotten that lesson. So, you know, I wanted to use your gym because, you know, I like to work out now. I never did. You started as a cartoonist. I'm surprised. I I was always an artist. I was really tall, you know, for school. Yeah. I started, I was an illustrator when I was a kid. I wanted to do comic book illustration. Yeah. That was my thing. Yeah. Yeah.


This episode is brought to you by Visible. Now, you know, I tend to go down a lot of rabbit holes. I want to know everything about everything. And if you're like that you need wireless that can keep up visible is wireless. That lets you live in the know. It's the ultimate wireless hack. You get unlimited data and hotspot. So you're connected on the go Plus visible is powered by Verizon's 5G Network, meaning fast speeds and great coverage. And with the new visible plus Pro plan, you get premium wireless without the premium cost. And the best part, it's all digital. No stores you can switch to visible right from your phone. It only takes about 15 minutes. And then you manage your plan in the app ready for wireless. That lets you live in the know, make the switch at visible.com/rogan plan, start at $25 a month for the best features. Get the new visible plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply, see visible.com for plan features and network management details.


Fun. Right. Love it. Because, because it's just, it's not you, you know, you start drawing and then suddenly Yeah. How, when did you learn that as a I don't think I knew that. I think I was doing that, but I didn't know it. What, and until I started reading about it, like the, the concept of the muse. The concept Of work. Oh, right, right, Right. Like that you, you just have to sit down and do the work And it comes to you. Yeah. Well started when I was 19 doing the comic, but then it kept getting repeated later. But you realized it at 19. I realized it at 19 that that was The process. But that it wasn't you. That it was, Was something, it felt like something else. But then it really hit me later on, and I'll get to that one. It's, it, it really hit me later on where I kind of put it all together around 2001, 2002 when I was doing a movie where I was again, kind of going back to the way I did mariachi.


I was on a big movie though. I was the, the writer, the director, the producer, the cinematographer, the editor, the composer. I was doing all these, these things. Plus I was doing the production design now and I was taking on more jobs to make it more like a handmade film or like a lot of factory movies are being made. I said I want people to just, to feel different. I think they'll, they'll get a feeling from it. They don't get from, you know, a McDonald's process, you know? Right. They're still good. But you know, there's something about a Homecooked meal and I didn't even know how to read or write music. And I was writing music for an a hundred piece orchestra. And I was like, how am I figuring it out? By notes going, eh, eh, it's only 12 notes. You go even less than a scale. So you hit three notes, four notes. Ah, that's not a bad, that's a bad note.


Okay. That's that pleasing to the year. And I was just writing a note by note 'cause it is a kid's movie, so I figured it should sound like a kid wrote it. And I'm like, a kid should sound like that. And I was writing pretty complex stuff, not knowing what I was doing. I go, how is this even possible that I'm doing all these jobs I wasn't trained in. So I went on Amazon and I looked up any book that had the word creative or creativity in it. I just ordered it. I didn't know what section it came from. They just arrived. And I'm thumbing through them. And one of them was really speaking about the creative process, how it worked. And I was like, wow, wow. That's how it is. That's how it's, and then it said gels and mediums and I was like, oh, this is a book particularly about painting, but it applies to all the other things I'm doing.


That's when I realized that it's all linked. Yeah. That creativity is 90% of any of those endeavors. 90% of it's just being creative. The technical part like write reading or writing music. And it's a lot of great musicians who don't read or write music. They're fantastic. The technical part, you can fudge that. Like how, how to shoot the movie. You can, You can fudge a lot of the technical stuff. 90% is created and if you know how to be creative, you can literally jump from job to job and do it really well because you're coming with your own experience, your own point of view. That's why I teach my actors to paint on the set because they've never painted before and they're already being creative by acting. But in between takes, we'll go paint a portrait of their character where I take a photo of them in character and have them paint a background.


I said, just pick up the paint. You can use these three methods, any color you want. The paint brush is gonna know where to go even though you've never painted before. It's gonna know where to go. And they do it. And I put a stencil of a line drawing of their face over it. I'll show you something. You're not gonna believe it. Josh Brolin was way into it. Lady Gaga did one, Bruce Wallace did one. And it's just like magic how it comes together. And it's to teach them that you don't have to know. You know, we always think I need to know this. I need to know that. What about the other side? Half half of the battle is knowing what about the other half not knowing I think is the more beautiful and where the magic is because you don't need to know what's gonna happen. You just need to show up. You just need to pick up the pen. You need to do the keyboard. Yeah. Because it just starts coming through you and they see it And it helps them go back to the set and solve any creative problem.


Because it was much harder in the faint room figuring out gels and mediums and all this stuff. They go back to the set and they can solve any problem immensely. And, and you'd think that they're already in a creative mode by acting, but it fires off a whole other part of your brain to go do something else creative at the same time. I remember on the set, Josh goes, is it okay? I'm still thinking about the painting. I go, I think so. I think it's alright. That's, let's see, let's see. That Sounds, does like something he would say to You? It is so funny. That's a like A ou Mai quote from the book of five Rings. Right, right. Once you know the way broadly you can see it in all things. Yeah. You start, see and then, so that's where I started piecing together that it was something, 'cause I, I really wanted to look it up.


'cause it would feel like when I would go to write the music, I don't have to write very many notes before it feels like I'm being pulled by the hand. Mm. Like, I didn't make that. I didn't make that. Right. I didn't do that and I didn't do that. What is it To say that? And a lot of comedians say that too. Well, If you ask any, all the disciplines. Yeah. Like I go, I ask Jimmy Vaughn, how, how did you play that? Like, that solo was amazing. Did you have that worked out? He goes, it's kinda like tuning a radio, you know, if you get it just right, you can't even believe what's coming through. Yeah. You know, you always hear everyone's version of that. And so I called it something I thought, I'm gonna call it the creative spirit. Like there's a creative spirit. Imagine the creative spirit that's assigned to you.


And if you're someone who's just like, I don't think I can do, I don't think I can do this or that, and they don't and they don't pick up the pen, they don't, they don't actually start how frustrated that trip must Be. The spirit is hovering over, Hovering over going, oh my God, will you just pick? It's not you. It's not you will, you just let me through. Crazy. And it's crazy that that concept has been around forever, this concept of the muse. But yet still I've heard it like that where it's like takes, it still feels like you have to do a lot. Well, talks about it. You just go, I just still need to be a pipe. Yeah. A clean pipe, a conduit. So more stuff comes through and that means take your ego out of it. I mean, and just, just do the work. Just show up and start. Yeah. Pressfield literally thinks that it's like, like an angel or like some sort of a divine presence that presents I I think, I think there's something to it, man.


Yeah. And it, it sounds so kooky, but if something is super successful for amazing people Yeah. And they're all telling you the same thing. Like why do you have to? Nah man, I'm not stupid. I'm not gonna believe in the concept that whatever the fuck it is, there's something that happens when you're creative where you feel like an antenna. You feel like you just take, these ideas are coming to you, they're entering into your mind. It's not physical effort. It's not like you're picking up bricks and stacking them on the wall. Like something is happening to you. Yeah. You're tapped into, I had a friend of mine, Tim Ferris was over at my house and I was telling him about some kind, you know, it's a very creative house really. 'cause it's, that's where I do a lot of my creative work and a lot of creatives.


Like coming to this place and seeing, you have to come check it out. So you can see the tta. I have. Oh, You have original tta? Yeah. Oh, We'll get to that. We'll get to that. Oh my God. But it's just, you make note. Totally. Totally. You have to tell me what your favorite that is totally creative place and I like people to come there. But it's, it's just inspiring to be in an environment where everything around you is, is about creativity. 'cause then you get in that head space Yeah. And you're able to do more because you realize it's not you. It's just coming through you and you just gotta, and you just have to witness it. And it just takes a lot of the load off of you. Yeah. A lot of people can start easier if they know, oh, it doesn't have to be me, like my kids. Like, oh, it's not, I don't have to do it. I just have to actually pick up the pen. Yeah. It's, it's very freeing.


Hmm. Yeah. It's, it's something that everyone should learn with anything in life. Anything that you're doing in life is just to take action and trust this process that happens. Yeah. But you, you have to do things. You can't just sit and wonder. And it's that procrastination, the anxiety about starting, it's like crippling for people. Cri it keeps crippling from getting off the groundling And they're doing that to themselves. Yeah. You're literally doing this to yourself. Yep. So when you say, well I don't know if I can you just chopped off your leg. Yeah. Right on the, at the beginning of the race. Right, right, right. Or you go, well, I tried it once before and you just cut the other one off. I mean, you're literally doing, you're, you're your own worst enemy. I had this one gal and fear of failure. This is the base, the best thing.


One, one gal and one of the talks, she said, okay, you're real positive, but what do I tell myself when I just spent a year and a half doing something And it didn't work out? I said, well that's very negative way to ask that. Can you rephrase the question first then I'll, then I'll attempt. And she went, I learned a good lesson the hard way. She said, oh, that still sucks. If you're focused on the failure, if you followed your instinct And it didn't work out, it doesn't mean you're wrong. Sometimes the only way across the river is to slip on the first two rocks. That's the only way. And if you just stay there, you're not gonna go. So you have to embrace the failure. 'cause if you're going on instinct, I mean you're doing it literally on instinct. Not like someone said, Hey, go over there as a moneymaking scheme. Go do that. Right. Literally you had the instinct.


You know, my best example is four Rooms. A movie I did with Quentin. Because if you study the ashes of your failure, you'll find a key to your next success. That was the movie where there was four different stories playing simultaneously. Yeah. Four different movies, four different stories. And I love short stories because I had made a bunch of short films. I thought, oh, I'm gonna do that. So when Quentin asks, and I asked the audience, I like asking the audience, how would you answer this? Quentin goes, Hey, I'm gonna make a movie called Four rooms, four different directors. You gotta use the bellhop. It's New Year's Eve. You're in a hotel, you can't leave your hotel room. You wanna do it. Hand goes up just on instinct. Now I ask the audience, was I wrong to just go by instinct or should I study it a little bit? Nobody really knows the answer.


What would you say? Would you study? Are you, are you more studio, you more instinct? Are you more instinctual? A Percent, yeah. I'm primarily instinctual. I figured. 'cause that's why you're here right now. Because we're not that smart. I'm not that smart. I, I couldn't have figured this shit out. It's 'cause I was just had an instinct to go that way when everyone else was going that way. And you're gonna stumble, you're gonna fall, but you're gonna stumble upon, you're gonna stumble upon ideas no one thought of because you're going the way that's not picked clean already. Right, right. So I would just like four rooms. I said Yeah. Now if I had just studied a little bit, I would've seen that anthologies like that never work. Like even when it's Scorsese, you know, Woody Allen and Coppola, they did one nobody goes to see because they don't know how to wrap their head around it. What is three movies, anthology?


It doesn't work. If I had studied first, should I have changed my answer? Nobody knows how to answer. Well, I'm gonna go on instinct. I'm gonna say, I say instinct anyway. Movie bombs doesn't do well at all. Now I could be really upset about that and go like, wow, I gotta be really careful now going forward. I have to tiptoe around as an artist. Well that's, that's not the state of mind. I was, when I won Sundance, I was throwing stuff out. Can I offer a counter to that? Sure. It only bombed financially. Okay. No, no. I'm gonna, I'm not done with this story. Yeah. Artistically. No, the lesson is, Is a very good movie. There's A lot of great stuff in it. Yeah. But it goes even better than that. My whole thing is examine the ashes of your failure. And I don't find one, I find two keys in there to my biggest movies directly from that experience. So my instinct was right, but again, sometimes the only way across the river is slipping on the first two rocks I was on the set had to be New Year's.


So I dressed everybody up in tuxedos and Antonio had just done Desto. The next week he came and appeared in there. The little boy from Desto, he had a little brother. So I hired him. And then I just found the best little actress who's a half Asian girl. Asian American. So I cast an Asian mom. So it would look like they were family. So I'm seeing Antonio and Tamlin Tam all dressed up to deny. I went, wow, they look like a really cool international spy couple. What if they were spies? And the two little kids that can barely tie their shoes, don't know it, they get captured and the kids have to go see 'em. So Spy Kids, there's five of those. Now the other key to success that I got on that set was I love doing short films. That's why I signed up for it.


It didn't work. But I'm gonna try it again. Not four stories. Three stories. Like a three x structure. Not four directors, but the same director. I'm gonna try, why on earth would I try it again? Except that I had just done one and I figured out there might be a different approach that Sin City. So since City and Spy Kids directly came from that thing you would call a failure if you, if you focused on the failure. Ah wow. So go back and look. Tell everybody, go back and look at something that you had a real instinct for that you did And it didn't work. And sift through the ashes of it. And you're gonna find either that you've already had the success from it and you didn't realize it. What you really need is a boost of confidence in your instinct.


Or you, you will find something that will be the key to your success. Well that's also the, the magical part of the creative process is that it's not always gonna work. And that's actually good. Yeah. That means when it does work, it'll be even more rewarding. Yeah. I mean, mariachi didn't work.


This episode is brought to you by Better Help. It's the end of tax season. And I know by now you all are probably sick of numbers, but there's one more expense we need to talk about. And that's how much you're investing in your wellbeing. The cost of traditional therapy can be outrageous between 102 hundred $50 a month or even more. So how do you get the help you need without blowing your monthly budget? Use better help with Better Help. You pay a flat fee for weekly sessions. Saving you money and time. It could even help you save up to 50% per session and you still get Quality Care Therapy is a good tool everyone can use. Whether you've experienced a major trauma or not, it can teach you valuable skills you can use in your everyday life. Like how to better manage all that stress tax season brings or how to communicate better with your partner. Or even how to be more mindful. Use better help to work towards your goals at a reasonable cost. It's also more convenient since everything is online. It's easier to work in a therapy session no matter how hectic your schedule gets. And as one of the largest online therapy platforms, better Help has access to thousands of therapists with all sorts of specialties. So you can find the right fit for you, your wellbeing is worth it. Visit better help.com/jr to get 10% off your first month. That's better help E lp.com/jr.


I failed At that. I was gonna sell that to the Spanish home video. This is what blew me away about rereading the book. I went, oh my God, I was so bummed. I finished making that movie and you, you see in the book, clearly I'm a penniless, clueless filmmaker making this movie, I think by myself. I think it's gonna work. I don't know a borrowed camera. I didn't even know how to use it. I call a place in Dallas that rents this equipment. I go, I got an Airy 16 s you know on the phone. It has two motor looking things. One has one number and one's got many. Oh that's a variable speed motor. It means you, oh can I do slow motion with it? You know, I was literally learned like that and then I went and shot the whole movie and I had to shoot the whole movie in two weeks and I couldn't develop the film until I got back. So I shot blind not knowing if that camera was even working.


Is it true that you invented the walkaway with the explosion behind you? Yeah. That was accident. You invented that. Yeah. Yeah. If you could look at all the compilations, it starts with Desperado. Wow. 'cause it was an accident. I didn't think, you know, this is what happened. So in Desperado, in the script it says he throws some grenades over the side of this building to blow up the bat guys. And him and, and, and Selma walk away. It was just supposed to see some body parts fly. It was just a grenade, you know, it was supposed to be a nuclear explosion, just some body parts and shrapnel and some smoke. But it's two stories up. And we get there and we're shooting so fast. I went to my poor effects guy who was just, you know, so busy just having done a big shoot out. And I went, man, do I know you don't have body parts? Because we didn't ask for, but do you have anything we can just throw?


It's so high up. Is there anything you can launch up there? And he goes, oh no, I don't have anything so I need something to come up. 'cause I wanted some shit to fly up behind him. And he goes, I can give you a fireball. I said Fireball Like, like what? It'll go up 60 feet but it's a, but it's propane so it's gonna burn off like that. How fast is it burn off like that? So, okay, I'll shoot slow motion. Okay, well shoot slow motion. It's tell the actors, just keep walking, don't turn around because it's supposed to be pretty big And it might be really hot. I want you to send your eyebrows, just walk fast. Walk fast and determine. But I'm gonna shoot. It's gonna feel funny, but when I shoot it in slow motion, it'll look like you're just walking normal speed and it'll slow down the explosion. Well wow. It looks fantastic. I remember what shows. Yeah it looks f see they're just walking. They don't know.


Look at Antonio's just like, look at her. She's just like so calm. But if you played that, if you sped that up and played it, normal motion, it goes by like that. It's Crazy because that, that scene has been copied so many times. It became an action like staple look. So this, they Used it for Fear Factor. Yeah. Now that I'm thinking about it, we used it for one of the ads for Fear Factor as me walking away and they blew some shit up behind me because It's just like, it's this cool attitude. And with the music, I thought it was the dumbest shit ever when I first saw, 'cause it was a TV show. Oh no. It's about people Dicks. It wasn't a, it's Kind of silly there, but it's, it was just an accident. Again, the accidents that you stumble upon there. There you go. Alright.


That's hilarious. That's where I came from. So that came out in August of 2000 of 1995. Just six months later, dust Till Dawn came out. And I made that. I, I enjoyed it so much. I fucking love that movie. Oh thanks. I love that movie. I showed this explosion shot, you know, the movie to Jim Cameron and he was watching it. I was waiting for his, for, you know, he, he was doing like movies like Terminator Tube, blowing the shit outta everything. So I was wondering if he like my little rinky dink thing and his hand went up in the air when he saw that moment. Ah. So I thought, okay, I'm doing that. I'm gonna do that. And Dust, dust Till Don, dust Till Don. I had it where the actors come out doing the dialogue though and the explosion just keeps going and they're walking away while having a conversation. So yeah. So within two move within six months, you saw two versions of that.


So people just started doing, you see it in Man and Fire, you see, I mean you see like whole compilations of it, but it's, that's Gotta be weird for you. Like you're like bitch that's mine. No, No, because it wasn't mine again. It came, it came of course if I, if I had engineered it, yeah I'd be really smart. But again, like I said, I'm not that smart sometimes you upon, But it's gotta be pretty cool that it's become like a part of like action films. Yeah. Dust Till Dawn is, so first of all, who knew Quentin Tarant? Tito would play such a good fucking psychopath. Who knew? What's so fun is he's in Desperado now. I met him on the film festival circuit. So in 1992 we were both had movies with guys in Black in violent movies.


In fact, I met him at the Toronto Film Festival for Reservoir Dogs had mariachi. 'cause they put us on a panel together to discuss violence in the movies in the nineties, even though it was only 92. And so we met there, became friends and he said, oh my next movie's in Pulp Fiction. And I just thought, this crazy guy, he's so funny. And he, I said, I'm gonna write him into Deto. It was before he did Pulp Fiction or any of that. So by the time Desto came out, pulp Fiction was a phenomenon. And then people cheer when he walks on stage on set. But when we were doing that four rooms, here's another thing that came from Four Rooms. If I hadn't done four rooms, there'd be no dust till Dawn. When we're doing four rooms. He takes me into a room and he starts reading me and I got a, it's on the internet. I put it out, him reading me the first scene of Kill Bill, this was in, you know, eight years before he made the movie.


And then he said, my very first script I wrote and I didn't get paid shit for, for like 1500 bucks was Dust till dawn. And now because of the Sex of the success of Pulp Fiction, they wanna make all my old stuff and these producers have it. I didn't get paid Dick. So I'll do a rewrite and you and I will go in together. You should be the director 'cause it takes place Mexico and you're Mexican. So I was like, alright, wow. That's the second time he read me a scene. In 2001 there was a, there's one video where he's even younger in four rooms reading me a second version of it. So it was over the years he would read, we had an office next to each other when I was writing Desperado and he was writing Pulp Fiction. So he'd read out scenes. There he is. And I would read out, you know, show him scenes from Desperado.


Fuck. And we just became friends there. He was originally gonna make Pulp Fiction for a Tristar and then they passed on it. 'cause they thought it's weird, it's long. And he went, did it for imax, Did he wanna be the serial killer? I asked him to because I knew he, he liked acting and I, and I just knew him as a person. Like a lot of times I'll cast somebody just by meeting them. I'm gonna cast you in a, because you realize you can. There's something about them that captures you that's gonna just be magnified when you put a 50 feet on screen. That's why I've discovered a lot of talent that way. That's how I found Selma. I just knew she was gonna be it. But he was so, so great and I thought, this is a really fun character. I bet he could. He likes act. I can get a performance out of him and he'll come in with a take on it.


So I said, I'll do Tal Don, would you be interested in playing Richie? He goes, I, I'd love to play Richie. He said, okay, well, so he was the first person we cast and he's fantastic in it. He's really great. He's really scary. He got all into character. He was terrified. Kind of had this really cool haircut. I showed him a picture of Bur Reynolds in deliverance said, dude, you got the haircut of deliverance. So it was really cool. He's like, oh wow. You know? He just really slipped into it. And it was always in character and he was always intense on, on the set. It was really fun to see him get to do. I mean, he was very Believable. He really enjoyed that performance. I said, dude, you're so good in this movie. Anyone talks shit. They're just talking shit. It's bullshit through gRED teeth. Don't listen to anybody. You're really great in this movie. Listen, saying the test of time. Listen, you can't listen.


Anybody's talking shit about Quentin in that movie. Shut up. Oh yeah. He nailed it. Yeah. He scared the fuck outta me. Well, When you get a lot of success, people would tend to, you know, makes you a target, you know? Of course. So they would, they would say stuff about him and that, and being in a way he shouldn't be acting in his movies, you know, of just bullshit like this. Like, dude, this will shut. They'll shut him up. And if it doesn't, it is just bullshit. 'cause you're really great in the movie. Yeah. You just have to tune out the noise, That's all. Yeah. How do you, how do you, how do you get past the noise? I Just tune it out. I'm busy. Stay busy. Yeah. I don't read anything about me. That's the big one. Don't. Yeah, Don't read. That's shit. Don't engage. Like, sometimes people send me things, I'm like, don't send me that man. I don't wanna read it. I'm not gonna read it Anyway. I send it to You. Yeah. Friends. Oh my god. They dunno any better. Or my sister might send me something.


Yeah. It's just, I just leave me out of it. I got some really good advice early on, like to share people. I share this with my actors 'cause they get a lot of shit. Sometimes. I was afraid to even do like a bigger movie 'cause I was flying under the radar with, you know, mariachi Desperado and then Spielberg Sees Deto wants to do Zoro with Antonio and me directing. Right. So I go cool working with Spielberg And it like, oh shit, I'm working with Spielberg. You probably remember this time, 'cause we were about the same age, remember the eighties and nineties? People would just throw shit on him all the time. All the time. He was no respect for this guy. They were so jealous, right? Yeah. Class public, everything. He was like, he couldn't catch a break and he was making like the coolest movie. Ah, that movie sucks. Ah, Jurassic Practice sucks.


And it was unbelievable. So I thought, oh shit, it's 'cause he's got his head way up. Maybe I should fly into the radar and not go make, if I can make a mo movie with him, what chance do I have? I went back and rewatched, you know, like Temple of Doom, which people said, eh, that's not as good as Raiders. I watch it. I go, if I can make a movie that's an eighth of that, I'd be lucky. So I called them and say, bro, they Make close Encounters. I I know Jesus. That's A fucking incredible Movie. It's a great movies. But that, but do you get that much success? And after, and, and then people kind of resent, right? Yeah. It comes with the territory. Yeah. Yeah. But how do you get by past it? I was curious for him. So I, I, I said, Hey man, I just saw Temple Doom. I don't know how I'm gonna make this movie for you. He goes, oh, don't worry about that. Just make a great movie. So then I go to him and I say, I'm afraid that if I make a movie at the bigger level, I'm just gonna be at Target like him.


I mean, he's the best filmmaker and he is getting shit kicked out of him. I say, how do you do it? How do you do it? Do you just, you get rocks thrown at you all day long. He goes, oh, Robert, you just don't blink. And I was like, wow. It's not like a Clint East Foot line. I go, wow. That's how he did it all his time. It's just like, do do, just don't blink. Commit to making a body of work. I try to tell filmmakers sometimes that they have a success for the first one. They get really afraid of the second one. 'cause they think, oh shit, now I might fail. Right. The fail, the, the fear failure cripples a lot of people, if you commit to just making a body of work, a body of work, like he did, he just made any movie he wanted some hit, some don't, some overperform, some underperform.


A movie like mariachi that was not supposed to go anywhere, way over performs. And you can't tell what's gonna be the one. So just commit to a body of work. And now no one gives 'em any shit. Now they, I think it's also important to recognize that the people that are tossing shit your way, they're doing it to distract themselves and the fact that they're not contributing anything. Totally. Totally. It's almost always the case of that. Yeah. Yeah. That's what the critic is. The critic would not be a critic if they had something to contribute. So they see other people that are taking that chance and going out there and they're, they're acting on their instincts and they're putting something together and they try to tackle those things as being garbage because really they're not contributing. Yeah. And so theyre, and They may very well want to, It's very easy to attack.


And they may very well want to, but they're getting hurt by the fear. Most of 'em. Yeah. Well, the same instincts that make them wanna attack successful people are the same things that hold them back from being creative. Talk About closing that pipe. Yeah. I mean, doing it to yourself. Doing it to yourself. And by, by doing that to other people, if they would just commit to a body work, don't blink. Right. And just keep making shit. Don't get somewhere. That's Great advice. Commit to a Body of work. A body of work. Like look at, yeah. I, I, someone, I mentioned this and a friend of mine, businessman called me and said, wow, that really, that really spoke to me. You know, I tend to look at all the different businesses I've created that failed instead of looking at the whole body of work. Mm. And I fixate on the ones that didn't work.


And it's like, you don't ever know what's gonna work or not don't. That's not your concern. Right. Just go make shit, follow your instinct. 'cause again, maybe, maybe that one that didn't work is your four rooms. Right. And you got, and you got, you get two other great ideas out of it. I've forgotten that Dust. Don came outta that as well. So that's the, that's the third one outta that. That four rooms Awesome. That thing gave and gave and gave dust. Don was so fun because it was two different movies. It was Like this crime. That's why he couldn't get made. Really. So he first wrote it, he couldn't get made because people, okay, so this is what happened. The effects company hires him and they, they said, we want a, a movie that'll showcase our effects. And this vampire bar, it's about two brothers to go to Vampire Bar Start. Quentin starts writing.


He starts writing Quentin Style where he gets way into the brothers, so much into the Brothers. And it turns into like a desperate hours type movie for half the movie. He, he waits half the movie to get to the bar. So now, for, for financiers, it's now like a, a mixed bag. It's like two movies in one. Right, right, right. But it was a negative then it was like, this movie's all wrong. It's like suddenly they're, it's one thing and then suddenly it turns into a vampire bar. This, we can't make this. But then Pulp Fiction comes out and now everybody wants to make it. Oh, it's two movies in one. It's great. You know, whole different perspective change. Well, a little success will do for you. Four rooms. Four rooms. Oh yeah. It's four rooms. Four times the fun. You know, so you never know. So I told Quentin, let's make it right now, because we made it to our next movie right after four rooms.


So Desperado, four rooms at, so Desperado came out in August of 1995. Four rooms in December. Dust till Dawn was in January. That's how fast those came out. We're working that fast back then. Wow. So I said, let's make this right now, because you're starting to steal from the script. That's Ezekiel speech that Sam Jackson says in Pulp Fiction. That's from the original Dust Don script. Really? He just took it. He was, he was pulling stuff out of it. 'cause Oh, it was just not gonna get Oh, scrapping an old car. I said before, there's, before it gets picked clean, let's go make this thing and we'll shoot it now. We'll go shoot it right now. Wow. And it was so fun. It was so fun. I Love that movie. It was so fun. Cheech Cheech is so great. You know, we did a table read. When we have a table read with your actors, you only have your main actors there.


So sometimes you'll assign other parts to other people who are there. So it was like, Cheech, why don't you go ahead and take, you play the main guy at the end, but go ahead and read for the, for the, oh no, he, he, he made the guy who gives a speech in front, he was playing that character read for the border guard and for the guy who comes at the end, Carlos, who I was gonna get, like, you know, Eric Estrada or something. So he starts reading and he does each one, you know, 'cause the media and he does everything in a different voice. And we're like, by the end, I was like, wow, he should play all three characters. And so I asked Quentin Quinn goes, Hey, what if we get Cheech to play all three guys? And I was thinking the same thing. So I go and tell Cheech, Cheech is just freaking hilarious. And he go, Hey man, you're gonna play all three characters. Do I get paid three times? But this is why I love having comedians on the set.


You know, because we're out there shooting that desert scene. You know, at the end when the Cheech comes and the whole place is burned down, it's 125 degrees and the shade. We're in Bar Stone, a dry leg bed. So freaking hot. We're all just like, not moving. I'm gonna have to go get something. We're all just CheeChees like this in a suit with a hat. And he goes, Hey Robert, can I, this is gonna be a walk. Can I go to my trailer? I was like, oh man. By the time you go, he, this guy's gonna be back. And we'll have to start. We should just stay right here. Okay. I'll go into my mental trailer. Okay. High School Dreams. Air conditioning. It just lines up the whole set. Okay. This guy's gonna be in every movie I do. He's been in 10 movies of mine.


'cause just that attitude. You like that attitude? Yeah. Of somebody who can find levity and torture. Sometimes Movies. Always movies. Movies can be torturous sometimes. So having people like that that are really on your team, that can really lighten up a set. It's, it's just the,


This episode is brought to you by Squarespace. Thinking about starting a website to sell online. While Squarespace is the way to go, they make it easy for customers to find you. Thanks to integrated SEO tools that optimize your online presence to be indexed with meta descriptions and an autogenerated site map. Plus Squarespace Payments will make it super simple to start selling your products or services with options like Apple Pay Klarna and more. Try it free at Squarespace dot com and use Squarespace dot com slash rogan to save 10% on your first website or domain.


This episode is brought to you by fast growing trees. If you wanna know what you're putting into your body, growing your own food is a great place to start. But listen, you don't have to start your garden alone. Did you know Fast Growing Trees is the biggest online nursery in the US with thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers. They have all the plants your dream yard needs, fruit trees, privacy trees, flowering trees, shrubs and so much more. Whatever plants you are interested in, fast growing trees has you covered. Find the perfect fit for your climate and space. Plus, get support from trained plant experts on call to help you plan your landscape. Choose the right plants, and learn how to care for them. Great. If you don't have the greenest of thumbs and they're alive and Thrive guarantee ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy this spring. They have the best deals for your yard up to half off on select plants and other deals. And listeners of our show get 15% off their first purchase when using the code JRE at checkout. That's an additional 15% off@fastgrowingtrees.com. Using the code JRE at checkout fast growing trees.com/jre. Now's the perfect time to plant use JRE to save today. Offer is valid for a limited time terms and conditions may apply.


You've done so many different kinds of movies. This is so interesting because you never got, you know, Quentin essentially does these wild, chaotic action movies that just blow you away. You do everything like you're doing like kids movies. There's A similarity. You Get animated movies You did. Yeah. There's a similarity to them. I'm still that cartoonist. Mm. So what they all have is they're all comedic. Like even the action movies are kind of just fun. I mean, think of Desto, it's like a James Bond movie. He's got a guitar case that fires missiles. He's got this one that's got a weapons design. Right. Spy Kids is very much the same thing. It's just some are for big kids and some are for little kids. But Even Sin City. Yeah. Even Sin City is very playful. Yeah. The Sin City one was so dark. I remember the, the first book, the one that Marv, that Mickey work plays.


It was so dark. I was going like, oh my God, it's gonna be a dark. I have to add some levity to this. And Mickey will bring humor to it. And it's the funniest episode. It is really funny. But he's in the book. It's, it's just like, oh my God, he's just killing everybody. But you're really with him because of the way he portrayed it. We didn't change very much. We just added, you know, some humor to it. And that the Gallos humor really, you know, really helps. Yeah. Like when the yellow guy gets shot in the dick. Oh that's, yeah, that's the, that was a good one. Yeah. That's a really good use of color. That, by the way, was one of the fucking creepiest characters ever in a film. And it looks like that in the drawing. And I, and I just wanted to, my whole idea was because, 'cause you know, I'm so respectful of someone's artwork.


You read Sin City and you realize that art is half of it. If anyone else in Hollywood were to make that into a movie, they would just make it like a gritty crime thriller. Right. And take out the whole visual element, which is that stark black and white where people's eyes glow in the dark. Yeah. And it has all these layers of unreality. And I went to Frank Miller, I said, I want to just make this move. I want, this is like the coolest movie never made. And he actually wrote it because he had been in Hollywood writing a couple of screenplays and he got shit on and screwed around the whole Hollywood thing. Jamie, can you show me the scene with Mickey Rourke and the yellow guy? Oh, this Bruce Willis and the yellow guy. Oh, Bruce. Excuse me. Bruce Will The yellow guy. Just three stories.


Just, I just want to like, while you're talking about this. Yeah. I wanna look At it. And yeah. So he, he went and made this comic 'cause he said, fuck Hollywood. I'm gonna go make a comic that could never be made into a movie. 'cause it's so dark, so sexy. And so every, and I'd call him up, man, let's make a great movie. God, it was so interesting. Oh, Bruce loved this. I, I gotta tell you this funny story. This is the fastest, I think any Hollywood movie's ever gotten made. Really? I, yeah. I'll show you the process. It's kind of like this cards thing. You you gonna, it's gonna blow your mind. What is it now? It's April. Okay. So imagine this is, this is 2000, this is 2004.


April last year. I had two movies out in the summer. It was Spy Kids 3D. It was the number one run movie a couple months later. Once Upon a time in Mexico, another number one movie. But also both of them ended a trilogy that I had started. Mm. So I was looking for my next thing and I was, I opened up my Sin Cities again. I was like, oh shit, I know how to do this now. I just did a whole movie on green screen, which was really new back then for Spike. It's 3D 'cause I wanted it in 3D. It was the first digital 3D movie. 'cause when you're in Austin, you just innovate a lot. You know, George Lucas told me that. He said, it's a good thing you're in Austin. That's why I'm in Marin County. When you live outside of that box, you think outside of that box automatically. Yeah. You're just gonna stumble upon innovations. So I thought, I'm gonna go take this process and utilize it to make Sin City.


So I did a test, a little test of it. I went, oh shit, this is gonna work. So it was October when I got that idea, I filmed it. I contact Frank Miller, met him in New York. I showed him my laptop. It looks like his art. But then it starts moving and it's actor. And he's like, wow. And he gets all into it, right? It's November. And he goes, oh no. But then we have to write a script and the studio's gonna have notes. No, that's not how it works. I got my own studio. I'll write the script. It's gonna be unremarkable. I'm gonna copy write out your book and I'm gonna edit it down. I'm gonna edit through the stories together. I'll write it this month. We'll show it to you in December. And then in January we'll get a couple of actor friends that we're gonna shoot the opening scene as a test. You don't gimme the rights yet. 'cause I understand this is your baby.


You've never given up the rights. I know what it's like for an artist to make something. Let me take all the risk. I'll go ahead and write the script. We'll shoot the opening scene. You, I'm gonna fly you down so you can watch. Brought Josh Hart, Marley Shelton, that opening scene in Sin City. That was our test. 10 hour shoot day. And Marley Shelton comes up to me and says, why? Why did I hire this guy to kill me? I don't know. Let's go ask Frank. He should know. It's not in the book, but I'm curious myself. So Frank answered her question and said, I'm gonna do this movie. Ah, let's wait. We had a whole process. I'm gonna shoot the opening. I'm gonna cut it together. I'm gonna put in the effects. I'm gonna put in the music. I'm gonna put in fake titles. Then we're gonna watch it. And if you like what you see, then we do the rights and we make the movie.


If you don't like it and you're still on the fence about it, just keep it as a short film. Keep, keep the gift. So we committed to the process, we make the opening sequence. He loves it. He wants to do it. I take it to Bruce Willis first, which was cool about doing it that way, which is unheard of. When I went to his, his agent, his agent was like, wait, he leans forward very dramatically. You brought actors down. Oh 'cause 'cause I told him, this is Frank Miller, he's one of our greatest artists. He wrote in Hollywood and he got screwed around. And the guy goes, welcome to Hollywood. You know, like that. I'm like, yeah, whatever. I just respect the artist. So I just thought, hey, you'll be a partner. You're gonna co-direct this with me and we're gonna make this, we're gonna take all, I'm gonna take all the risks.


You're gonna come down. We shot this opening, which I have. I'm gonna show it to Bruce so he can see the book. But then you can see how it gets translated. And that guy gets very dramatic. He goes, wait, you brought the actors down, you shot this, you did the effects for it and you didn't have the rights. And I, I leaned in and I went, welcome to Texas. All his little monkeys spit on water. Okay. Sounds Frank was die annoying. It was super annoying. He said, okay, you can. Then he saw it. He went, okay, you can go meet with Frank. Oh. Or you can go meet with Bruce. So I show it to Bruce and he's watching it. And he looks at the book and he looks at the thing and he goes, damn, this is really great. And then fake titles come up, his name's in the titles. And I go, look, you have to be in the movie. Your name's in the titles. And he's like, I, I'm in.


Wow. So he was in, and we were shooting the finish. We were shooting the actual movie by March. Wow. So by April we're already done with it. We're filming the, the second story. By April, it was out the next year. I mean, that's as fast the movie's ever gone into production. All these actors jumped on right away once we had Bruce. And he loved, he loved doing this film noir type thing. And we're doing something very experimental, which is green screen. Nobody knew what green screen back then was. And what I told him was, well, it's kind of like theater. But instead of being in front of a black curtain, in front of a green curtain, you'll still have some props. You might have a steering wheel like Clive just there, just had a steering wheel you might have. But just mainly you and the actors and everything else goes away. And I'll fill in the, the later.


So what's cool is their performances are so focused on each other. 'cause there's no other stimulus around that. You got these great performances. We only built the bar. I thought, Hey Frank, we'll build the bar so that you have, we have a place to hang out with and you know, do our story meetings. But everything else will just be on the same. You're gonna come see the screen screen when you come visit my studio. The whole movie was shot in an area let smaller than this room by the time you bring your lights in, where the actors actually had their, the playground. It's unbelievable. Wow. That's incredible. And it was so inspiring too. That movie was so, 'cause when I left the theater, I remember thinking, I've never seen anything like that before. It was like the comic, because The comic was that way. It was so different.


And it just like, when someone does something that really just steps up and, and, and enters into like kind of just a new area of art. 'cause that's what it felt like. It felt like a real legitimate comic book art movie. And this is before 300? Yeah, 300 Actually. So 300 kind of took that as well. Oh yeah. And They went, yeah. Zach called and said, how'd you do that movie? I said, I just put out A-D-V-D-I put, put all the, I put all the secrets on there and they went and they shot the same way. It Was such a good movie. It was. And it was, it was so fun because It was also Frank Miller. The thing about the Yeah, right. Same thing. The thing about, about those kind of films where someone like does something new. It's like when you see something new and I felt this way about pub fiction too. You're like, wow. Fucking wow. What the hell? You leave the theater. Like, everything's different.


You know, like the world's different. Like that got made like this. Like I now I know. And the thing about people today, like young people today that don't know like how revolutionary Pulp Fiction was when it came out. Yeah. When it came, when it came out, it was like such a different kind of feeling that you got after you saw the movie was, there's so many, what the fuck scenes that you left that theater. Like Jesus Christ. It's like, the world was different. The world was different. Quentin Tarantino changed the world with Pulp Fiction. Yeah. That's how profound it was. Yeah. And I'm not exaggerating, it changed what was possible in film after that. No, I, I was, I was there during it. I remember the studios were just like, we don't understand why this movie's big head.


We don't, we don't have anything like this coming out except, except your movie Dedo maybe. 'cause Quentin was in. I said, right. And I was like, yeah, yeah. We, we got our pulse on the, on what people want. And it was like, we don't, we don't know. So I gotta tell you early two things. First of all, George Lucas told me that. And he's like, I showed him the Sin City thing. 'cause we'd both been early adopters of digital and dps directors of photography didn't want to even look at digital. They were like, fuck that dude. They already spent all their time learning film, which by sticking your head in the sand and not seeing where the times are going to the detriment right now, the cameras are designed and they, they don't look as good as they could look. Yeah. But they weren't a part of the conversation. Rob was shooting my own movies. I wasn't gonna let some DP who didn't wanna get in digital keep me from making a, you know, sin City.


So I just shot it myself. I figured it out myself. So I showed it to Lucas. He was like, this movie will show people what digital's capable of. Finally more than the Star Wars movies I'm doing. Because it's just so avant garde and so crazy looking. But I only made it for me. I I really wanted to see it made. I didn't, I literally didn't think it would be successful on its theatrical run. In fact, we didn't even test screen it. They're like, can we do a test screen? Like, no. Why? What for? Everybody's gonna say it's black and white. Why is it black and white? Why are there three stories? That's all wrong. Voiceover. That's all voiceover. That's all wrong. We know it's that way. Why would we go here? People tell us that that's not what AIDS movie's supposed to be. Let's just put it out. I figure it won't do well theatrically. 'cause you, you see the first trailer and go, okay, black and white.


It's not, for me, it's very counterintuitive. Which is most of the things I do, just like always go a different way. But they'll find it on video later. And that's, that's good enough for me. But then it was a big hit, theatrically. Mm. Now lemme tell you about public fiction, but because groundbreaking doesn't look groundbreaking to you or anyone around you necessarily when you're doing it. I've forgotten about this. But I journal and I, I ran across an old journal and I brought it up to Quentin. When I interviewed him from my director's chair episode. I did a show called the Director's Chair. I interviewed writer directors. He, his was so big, we did two episodes. We talked about all his movies. And I said, do you remember this time I found in my diary right down to the hour we went out to dinner. I mean, he was so into Pulp Fiction. Ever since I met him, my next movie's gonna be Pulp Fiction.


I, I visited the set. He was into it. He was into it. He finished the movie. And I said, Hey, how did, because I live here in Austin, I get to hang out with him except when I go to LA How did you, how did your movie come out? He goes, yeah, it's not, it's not the one. It's like, it still feels like a movie Quentin would make. I'd be like, what? What do you mean? It's like, it's like, it just doesn't feel like a real movie. It feels like another movie Quentin would make. And I was trying to be the supportive friend 'cause I knew how much he would put in And it should be different. He's like, man, I just wouldn't have it. It was like two in the morning. I was dropping him off at home after we'd been out. And so I went back to Austin and he had had a screening for his, all his director friends that I couldn't be at. 'cause I lived in Austin. So I called one of them say, how was the screening? He was a little bummed about it.


He goes, nah, this isn't the one for him. I was like, really? Yeah, it's it's just too, yeah. It's just not it. And I asked him this and he goes, you're right. You know, he'd forgotten about that moment. He goes, in fact, he, people didn't get it. And in fact, and he didn't get it either. He wasn't sure if it was it. In fact, one filmmaker even said, I wanna sit you down and tell you all the things that are wrong with this movie, but I'll wait till you get back from can. He goes to, can he wins, can. And the friend left him a message. They, what the hell do I know? I've only made one movie. Everyone's mind was changed. So he, he was surprised by it too. So that's, that's fun people to hear that because you're making something groundbreaking.


It's not like you're going, I'm making something groundbreaking. You, you don't know that it's gonna do that. Sometimes things overperform and that's why if you just commit to a body of work, you're not gonna know which one's gonna be your pulp fiction, which one's gonna be your four rooms. You know? And if you just do that. 'cause I saw a lot of people get hurt, you know, like John Carpenter made the thing. He thought he made a great movie. He thought he made an amazing movie. Bombs, critics called it pornography at the time. If you remember. Like, just the, the makeup effects of it. Audiences didn't go, it came out the same weekend, unfortunately as et Right. So we, Why do they call it pornography? Just 'cause it was just so self-indulgent and gross and nasty. I mean, they, they really like reamed him to the point. So the special effects.


Yeah. The special effects alien. Really crazy. Yeah. Really? Yeah. If you don't remember the time, it was really like that it was repulsion towards this movie. Wow. I know. You don't think that now because 10 years later took, I thought it was a hit. It took 10 years. No, it was not. It was, wow. 10 years later it was suddenly considered a classic. Now if he had committed to a body of work, he would've just let that roll off his shoulders and just don't blink. But it really fucks you up. If you think I made a, i my instincts must be off. Well also I thought I made a great movie And it, it's a a great fucking movie. It's a great fucking movie. But if no one else is saying that. So I asked Quentin, who George Lucas had the same thing. He showed famously Star Wars to all his director friends. And they're all like, poor George wasted all his time on this movie.


And Spielberg was the only one. Like, ah, it's naive. It'll do good. And so I asked Quent and was there anybody in that director's group? And he goes, yes. There was one Catherine Bigelow. She was the one who was championed and said, this is something new and different. No one else was saying that. But that's pretty amazing. Right. That's Super amazing. It's really, and I would've forgotten it if I, if I had not written it down. So there's A lot of films that slip through the cracks. Yeah. For whatever reason. Or they don't get for Whatever reason. You know what I saw recently that I fucking loved the monkey? Did you See the, the Monkey? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's a Stephen King book. That or may might been a short story. Yeah, it was, it was Short, short story in one of his, It was adapted skeleton Crew Or something.


It's fucking fun, man. I watched with my youngest daughter loves horror movies. We watch a lot of horror movies together. And we were, you know, looking for something the other night and we're like, all right, let's take a chance on this. Had no idea what it was. Watch the trailer. I'm like, are you in? She's like, okay, this is good. So it's fucking chaos. It's such a chaotic, insane, hyper violent movie. Right, right. And but funny and just, you know, kind of scary. It was really good, man. It was fun. It was like a classic. What I really love about the early Stephen King work, like his early work was like, that's A, here's one that fell through the cracks.


Like, and I was there at Sony when we were doing Mariachi just brought, when this movie came out, I remember the marketing team said, we have a really great movie. Unfortunately no one's gonna see it because of the title. So what is it called? He goes, Shawshank Redemption. Oh my God. And it bombed. What? Oh, Shawshank Redemption Bombed. What? It was a bomb. How nobody Went to see us. It's called Shawshank Redemption. And what the hell is it Guy's in prison? Nobody went to see it. And it was Sony Marketing. They just couldn't get anybody to go see it. Wow. But you've history gets rewritten. Now again, you can be Frank Daron and be like, really down. But fortunately he didn't have to wait 10 years. As soon as it got to video, it became a phenomenon on video. And now it's considered, if you go on IMDB, it's always Neck and Neck with The Godfather is the best movie of all time.


Wow. That is a movie nobody saw. So again, look, don't blink. Commit to a body of work. You may make a classic. It might be the thing. And you're not gonna hear about that for 10 years. Just keep going. That's, don't let it, that's incredible. Don't let it make you question your instincts. 'cause your instincts, I would've never guessed Shawshank was a failure. Yeah. There's a lot of movies that are like Incredible. That was a time when people could really get a second life on video. Now, now it's different with streaming And all that. Look at this opening night to see the audience to view their film. Daron and Glatzer went to the Cama Dome and found no one there. Listen around. Oh God. Oh my God. Imagine just like, I don't know.


I thought, I, I thought, you know, as an artist you're gonna be going, I, I must be wrong. I must have just don't Have the, that's clearly a fault of the marketing. No, it's also just I'm blaming them. Yeah, I think, I mean, 'cause if anyone showed up, they would've gone and screamed it to everybody else. Sometimes it's just, it's just the way it goes. Mm. It's just, it's supposed to go that way. Now. Now I'm gonna give you an alternate one that there's a movie called Body Parts with a guy named Jeff Fay. I loved that movie. Body Parts by Eric Red. He did that. Hitcher. He did. You would never hear about it because the timing of it. And Jeff Faye was a big Jeff Faye fan. I remember in the early nineties. I, I kept going. It was at my mother-in-law's and across the street was a dollar theater showing body parts.


I go every night for seven at 7:00 PM I go for a dollar. It was at the second run. And watch it just to hear how an audience responds to it. And he was just great. And it, I just felt a connection to this guy. Go, I wish I was making movies. 'cause I would work with this guy. He's really a cool actor. What is this about? It's, it's about a guy who gets in a car accident, loses his arm, and he's given the arm of a killer just to kind of just replace him. But it suddenly he starts doing things with him. Oh, I remember this, this, this. Okay. So anyways, That's the same dude. That was lawnmower man. Yeah. He, he was a lawnmower man too. Yes. So Another season, this should have been something that, you know, was it for him. But this week it came out, they had just caught Jeffrey Dahmer like the week before. So they pulled back on the marketing completely.


Oh. And so no one saw it. And so he didn't get that boost his career. But, but the silver lining, the, as the key in the ashes was me. I saw it every night. So when I went to do Grindhouse, he retired from acting. He was in Afghanistan. I asked for him to send a tape. Afghanistan. I was working, doing work out there. What kind work sent me, I don't, I don't remember some kind of, you know, like helping people and stuff. He sends me a tape. And so I hired him. I hired him to be in it. And because he was in that movie, in fact, I'd already hired Michael Bean. And I went, oh shit. Jeff sent me a thing. God, Jeff's great too. I'll just make 'em brothers. So they play Brothers in Greenhouse because he did that movie.


He got lost. That show lost. He got, he just, his whole career came back. So we were talking about it. I just recently was telling him, man, it just came out on 4K. You gotta come see You probably never seen it. He goes, I never seen the finished movie. And I said, you're great in it. I was showing him some scenes that was blowing his mind. He goes, yeah, this movie didn't do well. I remember now. Why? Because the Jeffrey Dahmer thing just, I went, that's just how it's supposed to go. But I saw it and that's why I hired you. And that's how you got that second career later on. Mm. Because I was there every night because it was in the dollar theater so quick, I wouldn't have been able to afford it any other way. So that's how weird shit happens. Right. It's like so cool. Yeah. That's so fascinating. It makes you see that you don't, it, it's just sometimes that's just how the balls roll, you know?


It's just All Interconnected somehow. Yeah. Somehow it's interconnected. And you have to trust the process. You just have to trust the pro.


This Episode is brought to you by Visible. Now you know, I tend to go down a lot of rabbit holes. I want to know everything about everything. And if you're like that, you need wireless that can keep up visible is wireless. That lets you live in the know. It's the ultimate wireless hack. You get unlimited data and hotspot. So you're connected on the Go Plus Visible is powered by Verizon's 5G Network, meaning fast speeds and great coverage. And with the new visible plus Pro plan, you get premium wireless without the premium cost. And the best part, it's all digital. No stores. You can switch to visible right from your phone. It only takes about 15 minutes. And then you manage your plan in the app ready for wireless. That lets you live in the know. Make the switch at visible.com/rogan plan. Start at $25 a month. For the best features, get the new Visible plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply. See visible.com for plan features and network management details.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. We've all got our daily rituals. Like in the mornings you might grab some coffee, do some exercise, eat a bowl of cereal, and then head off to work. It's nice having a routine. You can go back to again and again. You might even find it comforting. But You know what can bring you even more peace of mind. Simply save. They have some of the best home security systems out there. And I'm not just saying that the CNET named simply Save the best home security system of 2025. Their systems are top-notch. I think part of that is because SimpliSafe gets the job done fast. They work to prevent break-ins before they happen. Using AI powered cameras and live professional monitoring agents. They can keep a close eye on your property. And if they detect any suspicious activity, they take action. Whether it's activating spotlights, talking to intruders in real time or contacting the police, simply safe gets it done. It's also nice to know there's no bullshit with these guys. There's no long-term contracts or cancellation fees. SimpliSafe even has a 60 day satisfaction guarantee or your money back. Make SimpliSafe a part of your daily routine. Get 50% off your new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and your first month free at simplisafe.com/rogan. That's simplisafe.com/rogan for 50% off and your first month free. There's no safe like SimpliSafe Process.


I had someone in the audience recently, I was talking about brass knuckle films and I, and, and getting everybody else stirred up about it. And one gal goes, you're real positive, but do you have any doubts? I was like, well, I've never been asked that question before. So whenever I don't have an answer, I'll ask them first. You know, what do you guys think? What do you guys think? How would you answer? How would you answer that? If they, they ask you, do you have doubts? Do you have, do you have human doubts? Everyone has doubts. Okay, so it's What you do with them, right? You let your doubts overwhelm you? Or do you take them into consideration? Like, are these doubts valid? Right? Like I, And what do I have to do to make sure that these, that these fears don't manifest themselves as reality.


I have to do extra work. Do I have to work harder? I have to be more objective. Right. You know, you have to, you have to take into consideration that anything you're gonna do that's gonna be exciting also carries the possibility of risk. And the risk of failure is a thing that keeps a lot of people from acting. So if you're gonna commit to a body of work and not blink, you Gotta be welcome. Failure. You don't, you don't have to worry about that. There's A jiujitsu expression. Well, a lot of people use it in MMA as well. You don't lose, you learn. Yeah. So if you know that's the process. This is my answer. I said, no, I don't have any doubts pro. 'cause I like to be counterintuitive. Yeah. Your process is long. The the the, the thing is long. It's, it's not a, a sprint.


You're not running to a telephone pole. You're running to the other side of the world. Right? Yeah. So I told her, no, I don't have any doubts just to be counterintuitive. And I say why? Because if you understand the process, why should you have a doubt you might fail, but it might be four rooms. You might, if you have an instinct to go there or you don't know how you're gonna do it, what's ha what's half the battle not knowing. Right. That's the magic is I don't have to know. I'm gonna figure it out when I'm almost done. You know, all those, some people just become, all those things come together risk Averse, early On, risk Averse. And it becomes a pattern. Yeah. And it's very hard to break out of. And I always tell them, find something that you can have success in. Find something that you enjoy doing. It doesn't have to be a career. It could be a game that you enjoy playing.


It could be anything. Painting. Yeah. Writing. It could be a thing that you enjoy 'cause you love it. You'll probably, you will have success at it. Yes. Yes. Because I'm sure you were drawing too. You know, in school I would be drawing all day in school all day. I'd make these flip cartoon books in the sides of the dictionaries. Paper dictionaries, flip cartoon movies that I'd get. The dictionary was biggest and fattest. I'd make these very elaborate stick figure animations. And everyone in class loved him. And I'd be like, I'm gonna be broke. I used to, because I can't pay attention to class. I used to do cartoons of the teachers in high school. Yeah. And Everybody loved Him. So yeah, I passed 'em around the class and I got in trouble a bunch of times for it. And one time I had this science teacher, Mr. Holman and Mr. Holman, it was very odd, very eccentric guy.


And so I drew a cartoon of him behind his screen. So he had a screen that he pulled down where he could show like films. Yeah. And then when he pulls the screen up, he had no idea that on the chalkboard I had written, I had drawn this cartoon of him and the whole fucking class starts laughing. The power of the pen you had back then, right? Yeah. It was like my first introduction to being a a comedian. Yeah. Is It was, it's very satisfying. Oh, but did you think you were gonna make a career outta that? No. No. Of course not. You think? No. I, I was thinking, oh my God, I'm gonna be so broke. I can't understand what they're talking about. I'm way behind. Yes. And I'm not the best artist, so it's not like I'm gonna like, I'm some protege or something. So I'm fucked.


But that's ended up being my career was just doing that stuff because you love it so much. I ask people, if you wanna find what you're passionate, what, what is that thing that you run off to do on the weekend? Right? I was always gonna making movies and I was doing that when once you're done punching the clock all week, what is it that you go run to? That's probably your passion. Put more effort into that and you'll, you'll actually find success doing it 100%. You put stuff together, suddenly opportunities are gonna fall in your lap. And So, and if that's not it, at least you'll have learned that you could follow this process to get good at something or get really deeply involved in something And you could apply that to other things. It might be a new thing every Other that you get excited about. So this is what I applied it to because I'd forgotten this lesson, which was just say, you're this person, stop aspiring.


Right. Our words we use are so powerful. Right. If you say, well, you know, I'm, I'm might not, I'm probably not gonna be successful. Well that's your lot in life. You just, you just did that To yourself. Yeah. Self-defining. So I, I had a, a friend of mine, I mean like I, I always hated working out. I didn't follow any sports. Didn't no sports in high school. They go, we need you. It's a small school, we need you on the team. Look, you're tall and everything, you play basketball. I don't know how to play any of these things. I hate working out. There's a line in the faculty that I gave to Elijah Wood. 'cause that was my line to teachers when they'd make me wanna run and go. I don't think a person should run unless he's being chased. And they would leave me alone. But I hated it. And so then I became a filmmaker. I, but I was a cartoonist.


My back kept going out 19, I'm like, have a, have a cane. And my back would be out for like a month 'cause I would sit, oh wow. Kitchen table dry. I was so tall that it was just, it would throw my back up, fucking discs up. I would just, disc would go out. And then when I started filmmaking, every year would just go out like clockwork. I'm operating the camera, I'm operating the steady cam. And when I, when I was doing, you know, by kids too, I think with a Ricardo Montalban had a bad back that he got surgery And it fucked him up. And he was in a wheelchair. He was paralyzed. So he's in a wheelchair and I'm with a walker because my back went out and he goes, Robert, I'm 84 years old. What's your excuse? You gotta work out Robert. He was always in shape. Ricardo that chest and SPI in, in Star Trek Two.


That's his chest. Yeah. God I know. And it was in his late sixties or his mid sixties. They fused his spine. Is that what they did? Yeah. They did something and fucked him up. God damnit. So every time I hear story I thought I like, I wish I could talk to that guy before he did that. I know. And he went to a good place. But they just hit something wrong. They fucked him up. It happens to Homan. Yeah. So I go, okay, I don't want that to happen to me, but I don't, I don't know how to work out. So the next year I worked with Stallone slash Stallone. Ah, I gotta get in shape because my back keeps going out and I don't like to work. He goes, get the A trainer. Anyone you ever seen in Hollywood got in shape? They had a trainer. I go, what about you? Oh, I need a trainer. You need a trainer. Well then if you need a trainer, Mr. Rocky, that's fine.


What chance do was mortal men have. So I hired a trainer and guess what happened? Hated it. Hated it. I'd hide from the guy, he'd come to my house, I'd pay him not to show up. I'd hate it. I'd hide, I'd hide. I'd be, I'd call in sick. And then when he did, when he did get me, I'd be like half-assed in the workouts. You know, because I hated it. And then one year it was just torture. I knew I had to do it. But, so this is my, my point is that sometimes it's not a lack of desire. So when people really wanna become something, they're not getting it. It's not 'cause I have to change their mind that there's something that goes with it. Desire you. I have plenty of desire. I was paying this guy. I wanted to get in shape. I didn't want my back going out anymore. I had the desire, I was missing another, the key element that I figured out. And it's a lesson I already knew, which was stop aspiring but I forgot it.


So this woman, a friend of mine from Mexico shows up. She does production manager. I have to stop smoking. My doctor said I have to stop smoking or I'm gonna die. I've been smoking since I was eight years old. Oh boy. I said, well you're gonna go back to smoking. 'cause you just told me that's your identity. You've been doing this since you were eight. So right now you're a smoker who's not smoking. Eventually you're gonna conform to your identity. You have to change your identity. You have to say, I'm a non-smoker. Ah, I'm a non-smoker. 'cause what does a non-smoker do? You hate smoke. They get sick at the smell of smoke. She was like, okay, I'll try it. I don't know what happened to her, but I thought the voice is killing me, Jeff voice. She truly sucks like that. So then I go, wait a minute. Shit. I used to, I used to apply to filmmaking, but that's all I was back there.


Where, where else in my life can I do a 180 And it And it's gotta be a 180. 'cause if it's just a matter of degrees, it's bullshit. Yeah. It's much easier if it's just opposite day it. I went, oh my God, working out. I hate working out. Of course I hate working out because I tell my trainer and everyone who listen how much I hate it. I'm an athlete. Ooh, I'm an athlete. The last thing I would ever call myself, Mr. Cartoon guy. Wow. I'm an athlete by the next day, what does an athlete do? Loves to work out. Makes time to work out, eats right. And it's gotta be opposite dates much easier. I wanna goes lay on the couch today and just kind of, no, I'm gonna go work out. Or there's a donut. Not gonna cut it in half and eat half. That's bullshit. Those degrees fuck you up opposite day there's a donut.


No, I'm gonna reach for an apple. Mm. Not only was I able to work out, this is 14 years ago, I didn't need a trainer again, ever. I would just be like, wow. Begging myself do, because I'm an athlete. That's how powerful the mind is. Yes. So I was saying, if someone says, ah, I wanna go do this thing on the weekend, and I'm, you might have the desire, but you've gotta get the identity too. Yes. You've gotta say you were that. Yes. And it sounds a little awkward. Like I asked somebody, Alex Friedman, I, I said, do you consider yourself a creative person? And he went, well you know that's a good impression. I said, you're stuttering there man. You're stuttering, you're stuttering. He goes, I, I know. I know what you, I said, no, no, no. You gotta say and are you technical? And he goes, yeah, okay.


You're technical and creative. That was the first thing that stuck in my ear. And it's also what Jim Cameron is, it's also what you know. George Lucas is technical and creative. When I first had a, my first job, my dad had a friend who owned a Photoshop and he said, go work for my friend Mario for your summer job. When I was 16, I went to work for Mario processing film for photos. And he gave me a camera and film and said, go home and take pictures with this. 'cause I need you to know how to use that camera so you can help me sell the cameras. So I went home and I'm from a family of nine kids. I mean 10 kids, nine siblings, taking all these pictures of them cool. Doing cool stuff. Go back. He looks at the pictures and he goes, whoa, these are really creative. You're creative. You gotta now learn how to be technical.


'cause most creative people always need technicians. And technicians always need creative people. Now it's against your, it is just a gift you have. They can never really be creative. They'll just be technical. But because you have creativity, if you apply yourself, it's against your nature. But if you apply yourself and learn the technical part, you'll be technical and creative and you'll be impossible. It'll be unstoppable. Ooh. And I was like, whoa. Unstoppable. At 16 he goes here, what graded advice go. I know sometimes, and I'm gonna ask you about who did that for you? Who was, 'cause if you look at all the different turning points in your life, there was probably somebody who sent you in a direction. It comes through him. 'cause if I were to go back and ask that guy, Hey, that advice you gave me, he'd be like, what?


What'd I say? I didn't remember saying that kind of just came through him at the time. Yeah. Right, right, right. So he, he pointed me that way. And that's why I went and made a mariachi by myself. I didn't wanna take anybody 'cause I wanted to learn. I didn't know how to use that camera. But, but if you go ask somebody to do it for you, your I need list. If you make a list of all the things you need before You can make your dream happen, the longer that list is. Mm. The less that's gonna happen. You gotta reduce it down to nothing. Me, my hands, my bootstraps. Yeah. This camera, I'm gonna figure it out on the day. Be technical and creative. So I told X, now you gotta own it. When I say, are you creative? You go, yeah, I'm creative and I'm technical and I don't blink and I'm gonna creative body of work.


And it is like walking outta there. Supercharged. You know, LS needs a guy like you in his life all the time. He's too self-deprecating. He's such a brilliant guy. And it, and it's nice to be self-deprecating is kind of a joke, but a little bit. But the words you use in yourself are very Powerful. He beats himself up The words you use and you're doing that to yourself. Yeah. The guy throwing cabbage. You on stage, look close. That's fucking, it's you, you're doing that to yourself. You're the one who's like, He's doing it to himself. You do that to yourself with your words. He'll make like Twitter posts about how down he is. And I want to go over to his house and fucking shake him like a Baby. Yeah, dude. You're gonna, you're down and you'll stay down. I have this theory called baseline. I talked this to my kids and we just laugh about now and go, okay, when shit fucks up, it shit's not going right.


Don't be down about it. Don't feel like you're in a slump. 'cause now you just stuck yourself in a grave and it's gonna be hard to climb out Right. When shit isn't going right. Oh, the tire's flat. Oh, I got fired. I call that baseline. You're a baseline. Anything above baseline like this right now we're here having this great talk. This is way above baseline. Yeah. I'm on the Joe Rogan show, you know, so way above baseline. Celebrate that shit. Yeah. 'cause it's not always there. Don't say that you're gonna go down, you're just gonna go to baseline. It's much easier to accept. And then you're not in a negative position. You're just kind of at a normal. I'm at a normal and I'll really appreciate when anything above baseline happens. My daughter and I are about to go play an arena show. She's gonna sing. I'm gonna play with my band.


I told her way above baseline, we're gonna get a nice hotel. We're gonna really celebrate this because this shit doesn't always happen. And when everything's going really, really wrong, baseline only when things are really down, what you call yourself low. And you don't wanna do that. Otherwise you'll stay there for a much longer time if you're just at baseline. That's just life. Oh yeah. I tried to go make that movie And it didn't work. Baseline. That's such solid advice. It's, It's really, it's mindset. It's all mind. It's all stuff you're doing to yourself. Yes. And these are things I like to pass on to people because when they come back and give it back to me, I dunno if you'd give your kids advice as you learn it. 'cause you learn so much. Oh, sure. Yeah. You've got the best job in the world. You're learning all day. Yeah, I bet you don't know if that it's gonna stick with them.


I was shocked how much stuff not only sticks, but they come back and they feed it back to me. Oh Yeah, Dad. It's just Like, Well they also, it's just like you taught me and I don't, They also learn by watching you do it. So Oh yeah. They've seen you move through the world. But take, If you're the dad and you're making all these films, you're doing all this, you're, you're involved, you're, you're, you have action. There's a lot of action. You're constantly in motion. You're doing things. You're creating things that's inspiring to them. They like absorb that if you're down on yourself all the time. Oh yeah. You know, that's, They go, okay, that's life. And I, I, I gotta look for, I'm gonna, that's gonna happen to me. You know? Or You can reject that and be the opposite. Like, I have a friend and his family was alcoholics. Right. He's never had a drop a drink in, in his life.


And he's like super disciplined because of that. I'll tell you my secret, I've never done drugs. None. None. Nothing. I've never been drugs. Yeah. You don't even drink coffee. You were saying, I don't even drink coffee. You Were telling that story 'cause it's so hilarious. Oh, a friend of mine, what is his name? He was working at the Sony when I first got there for mariachi. And I was like, this kid. And there were, the people my age were assistants and he was like falling asleep at his desk. And I'm like, why, why are you falling asleep? And he goes, I'm trying to get off coffee. And I was like, oh my God, I'm never gonna get on coffee. Fucking, I want those guys getting their hooks in me. And then over the years, you see like Starbucks showing up and everybody like, zombies going in there, having to get their coffee went as I drink Some Right now, it's fucking all marketing and all.


It's, it's be it's made to be addictive, like nicotine and all that. Oh, a hundred percent. And then your buddy can't create that. And I already, I already stay up for days as it is, you know, so I don't want to anything like that. Do you really? I Can up, I just, I just did this. What's your favorite workout music? Mine? Yeah. Bhutan Clan. I just did. I just did. I love classic stuff. Like Van Halen is a better Oh, that's great too. I did a music video for Wolfgang Van Halen and we shot it in two days and I was up two days cutting it because I just wanted to see what was gonna happen next two days. I could not, two days I was just like, I wanna see what happens next. You don't even notice my shoulder's getting all fucked up. And I'm like, what's wrong with my shoulder? Did I pull a muscle and doing some shrugs or something? I was like, I went back to sit in that chair.


I was like, oh, 'cause I've been sitting like this for two days sitting just doing this. That's Insane. But it's, it's really cool. It's great. Don't you get a point of diminishing returns where it's like you're so tired that you really would be better Off sleeping? It's different with editing. Editing is a, a weird, i I, I was thinking that as I was doing it. I go, I wish I could do this with writing where I could just write for two days straight. Mm. But words will knock me out, put me to sleep after a while. Editing is just visual stimulus and you're so exci. And I kept going, okay, one more hour. One more hour. And you just can't stop. You just can't stop. 'cause now you're, you're seeing it And it came out so cool. It's gonna drop 38 Hours Later. It's gonna drop like next week. Wow. It rips your head out. It's a great workout song for sure. But it's just really entertaining. That's incredible. The kids talent.


He does all the instruments himself on his albums. Yeah. He plays every instrument. He plays the drums, the bass, the guitar sings, writes the songs. When he goes on tour, he takes this really great band with him 'cause he can't play all the parts but the albums, this third album he's working on is all, plays all the instruments. Wow. Super talented. Really, really fun. But I like working with people who just do more than than other people. They just, they just at that level. And it's so inspiring and inspires you. It's fuel stuff. Fuel, yeah. Definitely fuel. That's why I always tell people, if you can surround yourself with other people that are really getting after it in life, it will 100% Motivate you Completely. I In a different way. Completely. Instead of having that procrastination feeling, you get up excited.


You have to, and it's like, you know, your parents tell you, be careful who your peers are, you know, when you're younger. 'cause it means one thing. Oh yeah. But later, even more like when I started going to the film festival and there's Quentin and then I meet Jim Cameron and then you meet like George Lucas. It's like, you can't hang with these guys if you're not accomplishing something. Right. So then when they say, Hey, what are you up to? Well, I'm down in Texas and I got my own studio and I'm pioneering digital filmmaking and green screen technology. I wanna make the first digital 3D movie. And they go, oh, okay, cool. So you can hang out. I'm like, oh, okay. I can hang out here for a while. God, I gotta be doing something That's a Great one line. I was like, But still compared to what they're doing. You know, when I first met Jim Cameron. Yeah. But it's still, it's exciting. When I first met Jim Cameron, that's why you, you don't wanna be around people who, who you're the best.


You're better, you know? Right. You wanna be the one that they're swinging higher than you. Yes, yes, yes. So surround yourself with those people and do something so that they let you hang with 'em. But you wanna learn like, here's the Jim Cameron for instance, when I met him, I really wanted to impress the hell out of him. So I said, I'm about to go do Desperado and I can't afford a steady cam operator. So I took a three day, three day steady cam course and I'm gonna operate it myself on the movie. I'm gonna operate the steady cam, that big beast of a camera. And he went, I bought a steady cam, but not to operate it. I'm gonna take it apart and design a better one. So I was like, that's completely who he is. Us m me mortals are like trying to operate the thing. He's designing whole new systems.


And if you think of that's very consistent with who he is, that's the person you wanna hang out with. Not someone the guy had said, oh, me too. I'm doing the same thing. Didn't He go to the bottom of the Mariana Trench or Some shit? So he's got a summary that he designed. It's only, yeah, it's on his desk. It's like this big on his desk, this green machine. And I was looking at it going like, weren't you afraid? I mean, I've got kids and wife. You got kids and a wife. Weren't you afraid of going down that deep and something happening? He was like, no. I said, why not? Oh, I designed the escape vehicle. So if any other bozo had done it, I'd be afraid because he did it.


He had, he had all the confidence in the world. Talk about Simon and no doubt. No doubt. That's so insane. Isn't that hilarious? That's a great, that's him though. It's like, yeah, if someone else had designed this escape vehicle, I'd be afraid. But no, I did it. So he didn't had no, no pause at all. That's he designed it. That's so crazy. So that's kind of confidence that does look people you wanna hang out with. Yeah. That's changes your legitimate genius. It changes your perception in life. And by osmosis you pick up, I call it this proximity phenomenon. Yes. Like when you're just near, I took a painting class with Sebastian Kruger Ray Painter in Germany, SLS class that he gives for a week. I went, I'm gonna go do that class not to learn how to paint so much. I know I'll be a better director by learning paint. 'cause it's that another way into creativity.


Again, you just wanna get better at creativity. So just do as many jobs as you want, as you can that you're interested in. 'cause if you just do one job, you barely know that job. You have to do all these other ones to kind of inform it. Yes. So I went out there. He doesn't teach you anything. He just paints. I'll show you the examples before and after, just by, I thought for sure. I, I did a pre painting before going out there. It looks like crap. I went, ah, I don't know what brushes he's using and the kinds of paints. I I, it's a different method. I, he, he must have some trick. I go and he's painting this amazing Mick Jagger photo reel in front of us and we all can paint alongside him. And I go, what paint are you using? Is regular paint? What brushes are you using? Regular brushes. How come I can't do that? I go back and suddenly it's a different painting.


I'm gonna try one more. It's more photoreal. When I show it to you, it's gonna blow you away. It looks like I dropped the brush. I was like, holy shit. It's 'cause I finally given myself permission to do it. Oh, because you, you have the ability but you're blocking it. 'cause you go, I don't know. I don't know. There's something I don't know. So again, you're just chopping off your own leg. Mm. And by being around somebody who's doing it at that level, suddenly you can do it too. It's like breaking the M field. Like as soon as I made mariachi, no one had ever done anything like that. Suddenly there's 10, 12, 13 movies made, you know, very low budget because they go, oh, it's possible now. Suddenly you can do it too. And when it's in the room, when you're right near it, it's just a phenomenon that you can just glean off them without them teaching you anything. Just by being around and seeing how they move through the world.


Yeah. And seeing they've accomplished. And that they're regular people that are just accomplishing a high level. It just blows your mind. And


This episode is brought to you by Farmer's Dog. It doesn't matter how old your dog is, it's always a great time to start investing in their health and happiness. And thankfully the farmer's dog makes it easier than ever to feed your dog a healthy diet of real meat and veggies. Dogs prefer their food. Even picky. Dogs and owners prefer their service. If you have a question about your dog, your plan, your delivery, or anything else, they have 24 7 customer service that connects you to real humans who are genuinely interested in providing the best experience possible for you and your dog. They give you detailed instructions on how to transition your dog to fresh food and even proportionate for your dog's specific needs. Feeding your dog healthy. Human grade food shouldn't be complicated. And with the farmer's dog it isn't. The entire experience from box to bowl is a breeze. So try the farmer's dog today and give healthy, freshly made food a try. You can get 50% off your first box of food plus free shipping. Just go to The Farmer dog.com/rogan. Tap the banner or visit this episode's page to learn more. Offer available for new customers only.


This episode is brought to you by OnX Hunt with over 5 million users. Hunters love the OnX Hunt app, including me. I use it all the time. But this app has so many more uses outside of hunting. There are people who use it in their everyday lives. Some farmers and ranchers use it for measuring fields and fixing fences or wildland firefighters who use topo maps and aerial imagery to navigate terrain while fighting fires. There're even, even thousands of game wardens and police officers who use it throughout the country for their jobs every day. Ultimately, anyone who needs good aerial imagery with public and private landowner names and boundaries in the palm of their hands will find Onyx valuable. The best part is you can try Onyx Hunt free for seven days download on Google. Play the app store or visit onyx maps.com/hunt.


That's really important in standup comedy. I was having this Conversation last night in the green room. We were talking about this area of the country that's falling apart. And I was like, comedy is top down man. You, you have to have a bunch of assassins all working together in the same location. They all feed off each other and then all the people coming up below, they see that. Yeah. They see these young, these young guys that are coming up. They see these people working really hard and constantly creating and hustling, doing all these different sets and constantly working on new material. And they get inspired by, and then you see these guys get Netflix specials and do it. And it's all happening at the club. So this club that we're doing in Austin is all about that process. Yeah. And like we have specifically designed it to have two open mic nights, Sunday and Monday.


So new people. New people, no experience. Wow. Get up there. People from all across the country moving here. Yeah. So they can be a part of the process, but there's like a real path to success that you can see. Because guys like Ron White are there, guys like Shane Gillis are there, Tony Hinchcliffe and, and these young guys, Derek Post and all these young guys that are coming up that are like really exciting. You know, it's like, it's really fun. There's like a, a vibe of creativity that everybody feeds off of. I love What you've built. You've come here, you've only been here like four years and you've already like built this whole community. But I Tell this well, the kind of built itself, man, it's, it's same thing we were talking about before with instincts. I, first of all, I had the instinct to escape la I was like, this, I, this is not gonna change.


This is gonna get worse. I gotta get the fuck outta here. And Ron had already been here. Ron was here in 2018. And once my family was interested in doing it, it was pretty easy. Right. Because I, I'm, I'm one of those guys. Like, I just can just pick up stakes and go. I'm like, okay, life is different now. Let's live in Texas. Yeah. Like I want that. I like change, I like, I like not having any fucking idea what's gonna happen. I'm excited by that. And so then once we got out here and then Ron's like, we gotta open up a club. I'm like, okay, we gotta open up a club. And so then I started looking for locations and luckily the Ritz was available. Wow. That's right. And we, we had, we did a, we, I'd been under contract for this one World Theater that was owned by Cult.


Oh right. I remember that one. Yeah. That fell apart. There's a lot of Issues. Ritz is cooler right down there with all the line. Oh, so much better. Oh, the Ritz is the perfect spot. When the Ritz was available, it was like, oh my God, perfect. This is it. And it, when we walked in And it was still the Alamo, so it was like set up for a movie theater with like the, the loping angle slope seating. And then we had to change everything. But I'm like, this is it. Yeah. And then I started bringing in other comics to help me. I'm like, what would you do? And Louis CK came and he was like, I think you should make this stage smaller. Make the stage smaller. I think you should make the ceiling lower. Make the ceiling lower. That's cool. Like, so we were able to do whatever we wanted to do and design the club from scratch. Yeah. Just for comics. And once everybody knew that it was happening, people just started moving here, man.


So great. It was nuts. You build it, They will come. It really was like that. But it was, it was like the universe wanted it to happen. And I say that And it sounds so self important, but No, no, it's, I believe that it's just you, you're stumbling upon these Ideas. So many things had to happen Yeah. In this order for it to happen this way. And then you had to have someone who's like me who's accustomed to just going by instinct. Yeah. And I've always done that. Yeah. I always, my whole life I'm like, fuck it, let's do this. I'm like, that's what I do. And so when this came up, I'm like, okay, well you're not gonna stop doing what you do now. Don't be a pussy. This is what you do. You're gonna throw a bunch of money at this thing. Let's make this happen and tell everybody you're doing it.


And, and call all your friends in LA and call all your friends in New York and come on down man. We're making this happen. Wow. Wow. I tell people that after mariachi, it's like, I, I never thought I could get into the industry 'cause I didn't live in LA and you need contacts and all that. So I just, you know, again, I made a practice film, but then when it got bought And it was getting released and it won Sundance, my practice film, I thought, I don't have to move to LA but they won't even know I'm not there between an airplane flight and FedEx. I'll just stay here in Austin. Right. So for the past, you know, 35 years, people are like, why do you live in Austin? I don't understand. It's like now they're all moving here. But it's because you could just think outside of the box here. So. Yeah. Yeah. And I would tell people, filmmakers who all thought they needed to move to LA stay where you are.


Build up your community around you. We built this amazing community of filmmakers here. All they made here were westerns before that. Wow. Suddenly I was making Spy Kids, sin City, you know, these crazy movies that really changed the ripple effects to the whole community is huge. 'cause you're changing the, the workforce. Yes. And so you just by doing that thing and it's like, it isn't like an instinct. It's like it's pre-planned. It's like it's pre laid out. Yeah. I tell my artist, when you come to my house, you're gonna feel it. You'll feel like these connections. And I go, I think we realize we're not that smart. You know, we're not smart enough to predict all that stuff. I think we've lived this life many times before and we forget a lot of it. So we barely impersonate impression of what we're supposed to do.


But it's 'cause we did it a thousand times and we forgot it each time. Like a dream. When you wake up from a dream, that might be true because, you know, you wake up from a dream and and you go, I was a filmmaker in that dream and I had five kids. You know, that's what it's gonna be like when we, when our life is over, you'll wake up and it'll be like, your, your past lifetime just goes away and then you go start again and only now you're a fish or something. But, but I thought this had this thought. Wow, what if I wake up and I can barely remember the dream? And that's, and that's it. 'cause it feels like sometimes you feel like you can predict the future, but not like you can predict it. It's you recognize it once it happens. Like, oh yeah, this is, this is right. Mm. But how did I know to go this way? I didn't on purpose, like you said, I didn't set all the, all the things that needed to fall into place are too, too coincidental.


What is that about? Yeah. So that's why even more just, just follow your instinct. Follow your instinct. Even if it sounds bonkers, follow it. And if it fails, keep going. Because that might be your four rooms or something. Just keep going. That really is an important piece of advice too to, if you're outside of a hive of like-minded thinking, you could, when you're outside of that, another way you can think on your own. Go another way. Yeah. You, I mean it's like high school. You can go back to that. You know, someone famously leaves high school and goes off to college and goes off and sees the world. They come back to their old hometown and they find their old friends still driving the same streets. That's LA Yes. They're still doing the same shit the same way. And you just went off the reservation and discovered A whole world.


It's also, their opinions are only based on what's popular. It's like you were talking about pulp fiction. Yeah. Like before they're like, what the fuck is this? And then they're like, oh my God, we Got more that now we gotta make something like this. Yeah. Let's make dust Dawn. Yeah. Like that's what it is. Like they don't, their opinions are bullshit. It's like, it's all just based on, they lick their finger and they find out which way the wind's blowing. And that's how they think and that's how they are politically. That's how they're socially, that's how they, it's like they're nonsense people. Yeah. And you gotta get away from that. Just Get away and just create your own thing. And, and The problem with comics is that we got all, we all got trapped in the velvet prison of television. Right. Right. So television's, the velvet prison, the real art form is what we do on stage. That's what everybody really loves.


What do you mean by being on television? I mean like sitcoms and stuff. Yes. Sitcom. Because right now it seems like it's game shows come back the other way. So many comics have such great, like Netflix specials are massive. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Where it's basically them doing standup, but they've got a huge Audience. Exactly. Well what happened was the internet came along and a bunch of unconventional people became very famous on the internet. Right. True. Without the help of Hollywood people that the Tim Dylans of the world that don't fit into this television box. But when you get them on the internet and they can get Buck Wild, like, oh my God. And then they have this massive following, the Theo Vaughns, all these different people that have this very unconventional approach that for whatever reason wouldn't fit in in certain, they couldn't host the Tonight Show.


Right. But you know, once they get on their own and now they develop these, like there's more arena acts now for standup comedy than ever before. Wow. In the history of comedy. Wow. Yeah. That's amazing. Yeah. I mean, not even close. I mean the, the only arena act in the, like the 1980s was Andrew Dice Clay. Right. So first it was Steve Martin, then it was Andrew Dice. And Steve Martin kind of decided that the popularity of it all was so confusing to him that everything that he said was funny And it didn't make any sense. It didn't feel, and he stopped doing comedy. Right. Stop doing standup. Which, which you have a, he had a very different kind of standup anyway. Yeah. He did play the banjo and he sang songs. And so Dice comes along and Dice Clay is selling out Arena.


It's like the first comedian ever to do that. And then later in the two thousands it was Dane Cook. 'cause Dane Cook figured out how to use MySpace. Right. And developed this gigantic following online. Same kind of thing. And so then when, by the time the pandemic hit, I was like, we don't need to be in la. Right. We're not gonna be on tv. The only reason why we're in LA is the comedy store. And the Comedy store is closed for the next fucking year and a half. Yeah. Because these idiots that are running the city and we came to Texas and once while we're out here, I was like, oh, this is so much better. Because now instead of being around these Hollywood people that don't really have opinions, they just go, which, whatever way the breeze is going, now you're hanging out with regular folks.


Yeah. Like regular people, people that are cops and firemen and auto repair guys and you're just humans. Yeah. So all the people I interact with are just normal humans. That's What I always loved about living. Oh this is so much. It's like there weren't any filmmakers here. So much better. Yeah. It's so much better. It's infinitely better. Nicer. Everyone's waiting and you get, you get a lot more done. I was crank sometimes I'd have two movies out a year. I would be making some. Thats incredible. So fast. 'cause I just had a studio and where it's like, let's just make more stuff. It Also has to be something cool feeling about like doing it on your own. Away from the high. Way better. Way better. Yeah. That's why it's like I try to create original franchises because if you go direct one of the James Bond, you're one of the James Bond director. But if you create your own franchise, like a spike, it's, it feels so much better.


Right. When that's successful and someone says, wow, I love that movie. Go, oh I did that voice flip is man, man help piss save Us goes, that's you. Oh my God. I grew up with, you know, it's like, oh yeah, it's a homemade movie. You know? So it's much more gratifying and yeah, you did the right thing by by moving out One movie that seemed like it could be a franchise is Alito. Oh yeah. We wanna do another one. For sure. For for sure. It was part of a graphic novel series. Yes. You gotta come to my studio. That whole set. I Want to go, That city is still in my parking lot. Really? 20, 20 foot ceilings, seven streets. It's like the largest standing set in the country, if not the world. Can I come on Friday? Yeah. Can I go Fri. Alright, come Friday. You're not gonna believe what's here. Okay. We're in. And you're gonna go like, okay, because I'm putting you in a movie.


Okay. Because talking about what you just said about how people are different here. I just started a new label. Like the label I gave myself, I'm an athlete. When you create a label. Yes. That's a business thing too. It gives, what it the label is, is a filter. So I'm doing an action slate so that already you get a bunch of ideas. 'cause it's just action. An action slate of four pictures. It's called Brass Knuckle Films. And you're gonna be in the first one. I'm gonna direct the first one I've already got. What are we doing? Which one it is? What are we, I'll show you. It's a great part for you. You're gonna come to the studio and I'll tell you about it. Okay. But Breast Knuckle films is cool because it's the first time that it's an investible film slate. So fans can invest in a movie.


They get perks and stuff, but it's not crowdsourcing or crowdfunding. Like you can get killed in the movie if you've put in a certain amount of investment. But what's cool about it, I just want the audience to win. 'cause audience is an afterthought. Like you say you go to the studios and, and then the people in Hollywood and you go, they barely even watch movies. And then you come meet the real audience and they're so into it. They're so behind it. It's like, where's your cut of it? Studios only show up to an audience at the end when they want you to go get your friends to come spend money on their overpriced movies. So I'm gonna do this thing where even at $250, the lowest level you put into this thing, any of the four movies, one of which I'm gonna direct for sure. Producing all of 'em their troublemaker to keep the cost down so they go to profit sooner.


Any one of these movies Success You, you share in that success all the way through sequels. And for even the 250 bucks, anyone who puts money in, you get to have that proximity effect. 'cause we're, we have a whole group together. That's such a great idea. And everybody gets to pitch their action movie Idea. And I'm committed to making at least one of the movies on the slate from a fan investor's idea. So not only will you be an investor, but you'd be a creator. That's great. So we're almost already topped out. We're we're gonna hit our, we still have 20 days left and it's gonna surge again. We, we we're gonna raise like 1.5 million in development funds and we're, yeah, we're almost at a million already 22 days left.


So I'm telling everybody who's listening come in at the lowest level, just be part of our community because people who come here get proximity and The lowest level is five bucks, 250 Bucks, 250 bucks, 250 bucks. But you know, you make that back on success of any of the movies. That's awesome. And it just hedges your bets and it's just action. 'cause there's always an appetite for action. Like if you ask Netflix right now, what kind of movies do they need? They'll say action. Action, action. We don't have enough action. Oh sure. And internationally that's so we're gonna make the thing that people always buy and they're also really fun to make. And you're gonna be perfect in It. I want to bring you back to tta. Oh yeah. This is the thing to Seeta. I wanted to pitch this to Quentin and maybe I could pitch this to you.


Sure. Somebody needs to make a real Conan the Barbarian. Yeah. A real Conan The Barbarian. That's like the Robert E. Howard books. Yeah. Yeah. The Real Conan, the Barb Barbarian, the Real, those are amazing books. 'cause the, the Arnold ones were great. They were fun. And Momoa I think is the best Conan of all time because he was that the guy, what was his name in Game of Throne? I don't remember. Yeah. Kil Drago character. Huh? Yeah. In in, he, he's the most realistic of all Conans. That's what Conan's supposed to look like. Yeah. He didn't look like a bodybuilder. He looked like a fucking super fit assassin. Yeah. Just a came came from the Mountains of Samaria. Yeah.


But the books, Books are awesome. It's about, They're fucking awesome. It's, And it's right up your alley. It's about, yes, it's about The Barbarian is actually the one who's got code. Yes. And who has morality. Yes. And all the big wigs are the ones that are like fucking crooked and shit. You know, it's just so classic. And the Barbarian's Gone. And that guy was from Texas. That guy Robert Howard from Texas outside of Dallas, right back where, where I have a house where I made all these movies. It's in the land that he looked over and saw and said, that's Samaria. That's where Conan is from. So I always felt this connection. I wanted to do Conan. So I almost did a Conan movie. I even wrote Jim Cameron into wanting to do it really where we're gonna do kinda like what we did with Alida. I said, dude, let's do a Conan movie and we'll make it look like the paintings technology wasn't there yet.


And I ended up doing Sin City instead. Ah. I'd already Written it was gonna be three movies. So he does different occupations. It's kind of built like a James Bond series, you know, where you follow him on his different, so it starts with him as a thief. And the second movie is him as a Buccaneer mercenary. And the third one is when he becomes king. So the actor could grow with the role. You know, the way you, you know, like you took Daniel Craig and started Casino Rhode Island. By the end, he's no time to die. You gotta get an actor who, who does the whole journey. So I had a whole trilogy marked out, let's go dude. I know it's Netflix had it. I went and pitched it to them and they, and they let the light right lapse. Like they had too much.


Sometimes it's too much baggage for a character, Dude, let me call them. Right. Lemme get on the phone with Ted Sarandos Right after this. Let's go make it already. Yeah. Hey Jamie, can you Pull up, up FTA Conan the Usurper? It's probably a painting called Chain. Is that the one with the chains or which One is that? I don't. Or Is the one where he's, it might Be berserk. I mean there's a bunch of the, He named them different than the books because of the copyright issue. So like Oh I see. So whatever's on the, but you'll find the cover of it. But the painting itself might be, have a different name. Just if you just pull up Frazetta Conan. 'cause he did a bunch of them. So you'll Love this when I First, Here we go Chained the Barbarian Man. That's incredible. With the one when he is standing over the bodies with the sword pointed To the ground.


That's called, yeah, that's called the Barbarian. Yes. That's the one. So this dude, I remember seeing that when I was a kid 'cause I was always into graphic novels and I was in, I was into comic books and I saw that when I was a kid at a comic bookstore. I was probably like 11 years old. And I was like, holy shit. That is the coolest fucking thing I've ever seen in my life. And it's still a comic imitated today. He has this very triangular way of composing that tells a story. The posters still look like this. That Fucking look At the one with a snake again. If you see the triangular design to your, your head Yes. Go to the snake and then down to him. And it's like, yes. It tells a whole story. I have a theory, theory of why his, his art is the way it is now. You know, I knew him. Did I tell you really?


You know, okay, so when I first you get to Hollywood, right? So I'm just this kid who was an artist. You get to Hollywood, first thing you wanna do is work with all your heroes. So Dust Till Don, I said I wanna work with fta. 'cause he used to do some movie posters, like the Gauntlet with Clint Eastwood, that gauntlet one. He did look up the gauntlet. Clint Eastwood tta. And so I called him and he said, yeah, I'll do it. In fact, when I showed him the movie, he goes, where'd you find this gal? And I said, yeah, That was fta. Yeah, he did that. Wow. So I wanted to get that for dust till Dawn. Right. So he said, where'd you find this gal? I wish I had a gal like that to paint. Well she's based on all your paintings. All the girl that's always in your paintings. I made Selmas dressed like that.


'cause it's a Retta come to life. He goes, oh, that's all you need on the poster. I go, well you gotta draw all the other actors. So when you come to the house, you'll see the painting. He did, it was the year he got his first stroke. So it took him, by the time he, I got the painting, we'd already made posters. We thought, okay, it's not gonna come. And then it showed up at the last minute. But we gave it away at comic bookstores, you know, but it's really cool. But at the bottom of the painting, there's the, some of the actors, and even Paint Harvey could tell he just like the other actors, Quentin. And then instead of vampires, he just did his monkey dudes. He always does. And it's really cool. It's really cool. But I got to know him and, and I got to go visit his studio. 'cause we kind of, again, that's similar mindset. And I didn't realize he had, there it is all his originals. I see that little monkey dude's on the bottom.


Wow. He had all his originals in his next to his house in his museum. Like all those that you were just looking at, they were all there. I didn't realize as an illustrative artist, sometimes you don't own your own material. He made it a point to own his own originals. Mm. So like the ones you just were salivating over those were in my house. Wow. I wish I knew seven years ago. Damn. Because his Kids, oh my God, His kids are so impassioned about the art. Even his granddaughter, Sarah Prota, she has Rosetta Girls. This is, they're so always, you know, bringing up his legacy and keeping Yeah. They've sent me a bunch of stuff, keeping it alive. So cool. But I really wanted to go do like a Conan type movie or a John Carter.


I wanted to do one based on Fire and Ice, which is the only one he had. Actually, it was an animated film. Thought, well maybe if Conan's been used too much, let's do Fire and Ice as a movie. Because he worked on that as an animated film. Let's just make his, I just want his paintings to move, like add Frank Miller's art move. Yeah. I want Zeta's paintings to move because he's, he was transporting us to another world that we all recognized. If you could make that, that Conan with the sword make, Make him look like That. Yeah. Go, go back to that photo again, Jamie. That with the sword, It's called the, the Barbarian. Sure. Do you, It's you, you could say that Conan's been done too many times. No, the one with the sword. Yeah. That one. Yeah. They've never seen it like that. Yeah.


But the thing is, it's like, And look, that's not a guy that's just like, been in a gym, right. He's, he looks like a, He's been swinging a sword and cutting Off that. And with technology you can do that. So that's why I'd gotten Jim interested in it. Scars, let's make him look like that. Yeah. It's like a made up even anatomy in a way. You know, The books were so fucking good, man. That's great. Even though Conan's been done a bunch of times, it hasn't been done. Right. Done the right way. Yeah. No, it hasn't been done. Like the books and there it's so ripe. Like you And because it was done that way first, like with, with with Arnold in it, people just figured, oh, we'll just hire a bodybuilder to be, you know, a barbarian type creature character from then on. But to do it really like that, he's more like a James Bond character. You know, he goes from movie to movie. Yes. He's Really, and he's really fucking smart.


Yes. And he's just, no, but I got to meet Freta. So you're, keep that up for a second. So I went to his, we talked about his paintings and how he did it. And I got a theory on how he did this. But when I went and saw the originals, like, holy shit, you got all the originals. How did you make the, and he really loved to live life. Like you can go play golf, you can play baseball. He'd get an assignment and he'd wait till the last minute and go and paint it. So what happens when you wait till the last minute? You have to just open up the pipe and let it through. Right? Yeah. I, that's why we all know this place. You know, we collectively dream, you know, Jim Cameron would come over to my house, you know, Del Toro, George Miller, John Favreau.


To see these originals in person. When you see 'em in person and blows your mind, it feels like you're being transported. I think because he did 'em at the last minute, they just came from the universe because that's why people were relay to him. People would just buy these paperbacks for the art. Yes. These, this Conan was created in the thirties. Yeah. These books came out in the sixties. Right. They didn't become a big hit till these books came out. 'cause of the art. Exactly. And then when you read the stories, the stories were really great. But they got 'em for the art A hundred percent. And He was showing me his, his his layout of paintings. And he went two days, one day, three days. Wow. Four days, two days. I Was like, holy shit. Just locked In. Just locked in. And it's just coming out. 'cause he had to, and his wife would say, yeah, his pain was still wet when I was taking it to get shipped.


'cause he would wait till the last minute. But these masterpieces would come out. And I just was really inspired by him. So when he passed away, you know, his kids said, what should we do with the art? Said, well, let's make a movie based on the art. 'cause Who's got this now? So Different. They've sold some of them. But the kids, like if you go to Frank Junior, so much fun. Frank Junior still has the museum up there. He still has a lot of the masterworks, the kid, each kid has some of the masterworks and, and they're all great and, and keeping his legacy going. And I wanna make a movie about it just to get his name back up. You know, we below, we were all inspired by him. Oh, so inspired. So, so what was so cool was how did He find out about those books? I think it was just an assignment and he would barely read the book. He would just be like, ah, he would just do his own thing.


So they, they start putting the books out more mass publishing in the 1960s. Yeah. So he does these illustrations. He does the paintings. They Flying off the shelves. Flying off the shelves. Flying off because of the paintings. 'cause of the paintings. Wow. And those paintings and those books, no matter, even the best art book today, when you see the original can, can, they cannot capture what the original has. You'll be blown away. You gotta see I've got like 14 different Retta that you gotta come see. God. You're gonna, that's so you're gonna, especially as an illustrator, you're gonna freak out. We have one of, so I had all the master words. We have one of the prints of, go back to those images. One, the one that we have Jamie with the Himn. With the giant gorilla. Yeah. We have one of those where he is fighting the gorilla. He's on its back.


He's got a red Cape. I'm gonna, yeah. That's called Man ape. Man Ape. That's right. Go His pen over to the left and it's on the left side. I saw it. There It is. That's it. We had a print That was in my house. Oh, okay. So the real one. The real one. Okay. So here's what happened. Oh my God. We have that out by the pool Table. The kids, the kids say, Hey, look How fucking cool that is. Yeah. The kids said, can you take our paintings for us and show 'em to influential people? Because hurricane season's coming. They lived in Florida and we don't want anything to happen. They're insured, but oh God. Fucking they could be gone. Oh my God, can You take it? I was like, fuck yeah, I'll take em to my house. So for a year and a half, I had these, not the, the barbarian one. You were just the one with the sword stand. Yeah, I had that one in my house. Oh my God. So I would have everyone who came to South by Southwest or was just in town, they'd come to my house and make a pizza and we would just stare and drool over the TTAs.


You know, those Inspired me, You know, so much as a kid to be an illustrator. Yeah. Those, the, the, the Frazetta paintings and some of the drawings from the, the graphic novels that people had made of these inspired me so much as a kid. It Just was dream imagery. Yeah. Like you knew what dreams Were Fantasy, you know, it would fantasy it would feel like we dreamt this too and recognized it. Yes. And every young kid want, oh, I wish I was Conan. Yeah, you, you know, skinny little kid and you're going like, is that what I'm gonna be? And I go, no, I hate working. Now You're 11. You're like, oh god, I wish I was that guy. I wish I had that kind of power and strength. Cool. Yeah. Yeah. And so, I don't know if you've read these books, but they were based on Miss Comics. They were based on the books that would just translate the books.


There was a comics code. So the Conan, the Barbarian comic had to follow code. But then there's a black and white magazine called Savage Sword of Conan. Oh I read those. Didn't, that didn't have to follow the code. Right. That's why people would get killed. Yes. And they would just, and Roy Thomas would just like take the book and put the book in several chapters. Yeah. They were brutal. They're really great. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I just grew up without drawing outta that. Learning how to draw anatomy from the Conan books. The Marvel comics were fun, but they were, This was still under Marvel but it wasn't under the code. Yeah. 'cause it was considered a magazine. That's what I'm saying. The Marvel comics were fun but they weren't brutal Enough. They weren't brutal. 'cause they had a comics code. Yes. 'cause they're comic size by doing a magazine. Yes. They got around it. See if you can find the Savage sword. Yeah, you can Savage sort of C in number one boys.


Oh there it is. Yeah. Look. The one where, where he is nailed to the cross. That's Boris Viejo. Yes. Oh, this is a great FTA Story. He's another one. Boris Vallejo was, oh, he came out incredible. He came out later in the seventies. So this is a great f FTA story. Several of his paintings, when you see them, they're not very big a lot of times. 'cause they were for paperbacks, so they didn't have to be that big. But then there were some, like in the early seventies that were big Silver warrior at the Earth Corps. And I, and I asked fta, I said, what, what, what was this era here? 'cause a lot of these were in the sixties. What's these seven? This, these four bigger ones. You didn't, what was that for? He goes, oh, they were saying I was washed up. That was finished. It's 'cause Boris for was coming out. And they're like, oh, he's the new Frazetta. So I did 1, 2, 3, 4 beauties.


Shut 'em all up. That was so cool. That's incredible. That was so cool. Shut 'em all up. Shut 'em all up. Pull Up Boris Vallejo. Conan. 'cause Boris had a different style. It was like a little more, it Also, you could feel Sexual or something, but you could, You know, IIII love that his art. But you could almost feel the model in it. You could almost, you could almost see that there was a model he was painting from. Well It was very cool. Came Right. But it Was a different feeling. FTA was more raw. Very raw. Maybe Boris Vallejo. It was, it was great Though. But he's doing, I mean he is doing the TTA style. I mean, yes. I mean, you know, FTA was the Jimmy Page of artists. Everybody wanted to be him. Exactly. So everyone couldn't, you couldn't unsee Rosetta's work when you were doing your own work. I mean, this is man a Yeah.


He is doing Manna again. He is doing Man Ape and a different version of it. And you know, I drew a lot of things that were like that, like a different version of FTA stuff Everybody did. But yeah, I was more of a TTA guy than a Boris Vallejo guy. Yeah. I I, I loved it. It was great. I was happy that He was doing it. It's still like the one where he is crucified to the cross and that's pretty dope that, that one's pretty dope. And the one on the far bottom left is the first issue of Savage Sword. Oh that one was really cool. Because it had, yeah. I thought that was cool. Yeah. But not, it doesn't come close to, You know. No, it's just FTA just had a, it was more Fantastic it that process. It was just the way he did 'em. Yes. They were just, they were just, there's some magic to them. And I'll show you a couple things that'll blow you away when you see 'em in person.


But the in-person thing will really floor you just how much, even the best books cannot capture the art as it exists. I'm sure I saw your gym. Your gym is awesome. I thought I had the best gym. You've got a great gym. But I got one thing you don't got. You gotta come see what I don't have mirrors up. You don't have mirrors on purpose. It's 'cause I just have the original Drew Drusen painting. Ah, For First Blood Stallone. Oh wow. Because it's got glass over it. You can kind of see yourself in it. But I just stand in front and I go, I'm not there yet. I'm not there yet. That's my inspir inspiration. Mirrors are good for Form. Just say for form it's, I can kind of see the form, but that's my mirror When you come.


It's the, it's the Stallone painting. Wow. And that's one, that one see like that one. But it doesn't, it doesn't capture it. The painting at all these, even this digital copy of it. Like look at the original poster of it that has the writing on it. The way they printed it was like ass. Yeah. Look at that thing. It does. So when you see the original one, you're like, oh my God, this is like fine art. Oh that's bad. And that, and that still doesn't capture it, but it's closer than the, than the poster. But, well there's something about seeing the actual physical thing. When you see the Real creative it so inspiring. And then when you see the physique that he has, you're just like, okay, I'm gonna work harder. Ah, but that's in my gym so you gotta go check That out. Cause it wasn. I've got a photo Alexander Carlin out there, that's my photo to remind me every day of what a pussy I am is Alexander Carlin, who's like the greatest Olympic wrestler to ever come out of Russia.


Oh fuck. There's a photo that pull up the photo that we have in the gym. He was a freak. They called him the science project 'cause his parents were like five foot five. And he was like 6 2, 300 pounds and just built like a panther. Look at that. That's him. Oh Geez. Yeah. That's the picture, that picture up in the gym. That's my inspiration everyday workout. Because he was just such a fucking physical freak. And it's just that particular image that, that intensity, if I'm ever tired, I look at that image. What's your, what's your workout routine? How often do you get to work out? I work out every day. Yeah. Basically every Day. First thing in the morning. Occasionally I feel like I need a day off. I'll take a day off. But yeah.


First thing in the morning, right? Yeah. That's the thing. Get up, get going, get up, get going. Wake Cobwebs outta your head. Well it's like you said, like you decide I'm an athlete. I, I, I sort of decide I'm this person who gets up and gets in the cold plunge first thing in the morning. Right, right. I'm this person that does these two and a half hour workouts, then gets in the sauna. That's what I do. I do it every Day. So I do the thing. This might inspire some people. Like, so I don't have a trainer, but I'll look at like, I like watching other people see what they do in their routine. So I adopt some of that. I saw Josh Brolin all freaking in shape for the Deadpool movie. And I was like, dude, I texted him, what is your workout? Could you tell me? He goes, oh, send it to you. He sends me a PDF of his whole workout routine that the, you know, the trainers had given.


Oh, it's intense. It was like, okay, if I do one fourth of this, I'll have a quarter of his results. I'm fine with that 'cause I'm gonna outta this shit to do anyway. So I would be in and outta there half hour. How long? You know? So you don't have to commit all the way, you know, if you, if as long as you're doing something, you're getting up and you're mo and you're working out and you're doing it very strategically. If you don't have a lot of time, there's no excuse You can make, you can time. Oh You can get a lot done. Time You get a lot done. A short amount of time. Yeah. You know, reverse pyramid train or something. You got three minutes in between each one. You can get work done during That. You certainly can. You can. In fact, there was a study that just came out recently that showed that you get more results from one set to failure than you do with three sets.


Yeah. That you get sometimes. I would then just keep holding the bar after I was done. Just like for 10 more seconds. Yeah. There was some Makes you fail some studies. See if you can find this. It was a very recent study that was very counterintuitive. 'cause a lot of people think more work better results. Right. But this, in this study, they were showing that they got more strength gains and more muscle recruitment and one hard set to failure. There's a lot of counterintuitive stuff. Yeah. I like when I hear stuff like that. I try it, you know, I just roll it into the routine. Give it a try. Yeah. Because You don't know what's, you don't know what's gonna work for you. There's no, there's no one right way to do anything. So I try to just get advice and, and, and adopt it. And I have this funny Stallone, once you ever read Stallone on the show?


No, he's a great interview. My best an interview on the director's chair is him. 'cause it's the most one that any layman could identify with. That guy really is rocky. His story is unbelievable. And he's really funny and called me, I interviewed him Before for the UFC. He Called me and said if he asked if an ask actor friend of mine could be in one of the expendables, he's like, my actor felt through Can we, can you ask what's his name? You know, friend of mine. Yeah. I'll ask. So I asked my friend. My friend goes, oh no, it's too short notice. You know, 'cause it was last minute replacement. I, I need to get in shape. Okay, that makes sense. But, but it's not a physical role. You're just want, he goes, oh, I wouldn't wanna be in a Stallone movie and not be in shape. So I have to get in shape and I don't have enough time, you know, just gonna shoot in a week.


So I go to Sly and I say, Hey Sly. Yeah. He said, you know, figured Sly would understand. Yeah. He has to get in shape. Get in shape, get in shape. You don't get in shape. You stay in shape. Like that makes sense. You gotta stay in shape. Photo, you know, There's a photo of Stallone walking around. Malibu looking like he's nine months pregnant. Have you seen that photo? I know if he did that for a movie, It's probably from, probably for Copland. Gained weight. For comp. It wasn't for Copland was recent. It was like within The last few years. Is he now he's fucking 70. No excuses. No excuses. Stay in shape. Stay in shape. Yeah. That dude. Such a great interview because I watched the Rocky movies, you know, when was the last time you saw the Rocky movies?


Yeah, Here it is. Study finds higher training volume increases size, not strength. Oh, this isn't it. Yeah. No, this is in May of 2024. It was very recently. It was about one set, doing one set to failure shows strength and muscle recruitment benefits over three sets. Yeah. So, I mean, I don't know when the last time you saw the Rocky. Yeah. Here it is. New research says you could build strength and muscle with single set training. No, this isn't it either. It might be December, 2024. It might be it. So just one hard set per exercise delivers impressive results. Yeah. At least Try that, you know? Yeah. Get out, get in and out. Do It. They were saying it actually works better.


So maybe that's cool. This is another thing, another counter Intuit thing, because I, I read it just a couple of days ago. It doesn't matter. We get it. It so, But that is also very counterintuitive. Yeah. Because most people think, oh, it's all about the amount of time you spend time under pressure on all. Yeah. What I, but I do a lot of different exercises in one. I I do full body workouts almost entirely a very rare, unless one day a week I do heavy leg stuff or it's just legs, you know, because of the leg. There's so many muscles of the legs. I don't, you know, when I wanna make sure that I'm doing that, I just, it takes too much time. Yeah. 'cause I'm doing leg curls and leg presses and lunges And it is like, yeah. Gotta keep that muscle. Yes. I can't do other stuff too.


But I like working out by myself. Yeah. I just myself, Trainer. Because it's time to think. Yeah. Time to really know What voices Become very meditative. Yeah. And you work in the body. And the body, you get ideas. And I keep my computer there and I, I write down ideas. Oh, Nice. Did you, you know, did you see the, I I was watching the Rocky movies again and, And it was like, we watched the first one, show it to my lady. She loved it. So I said, we gotta watch the second one. Watch the second one. The next time we watched the third one, I, I finally, we got to the fourth one. I said, okay. Oh shit, I'm gonna write alone. I said, dude, you are consistently moving that character through the different eras and you need to go back to directing. Because he, when I worked with him, he'd done a bunch of movies in the nineties and he was telling me why the movies didn't work.


I said, you gotta go back to directing. No one was at your level, directing yourself, getting career best out of your other actors while you're also not just the star, but the franchise. And being in insane shape back then, which was way before anyone knew anything about training. You were probably in the gym much longer than you needed to be. And he said, very perceptive. You know, I was like, you probably were way over training because then people didn't know there were no science to it back then. Right. And getting all that work done. So how can you work with another director now they, they have their respect. You gotta go back to directing. Mm. Because you can't argue with the result. And he was like, can't go back to directing. Well, we did this movie together. It was his biggest opening ever with Spike his 3D.


Two years later or a year later, he goes, I'm writing another Rocky. And that was that new Rocky. He, he hadn't directed in 22 years. Whoa. He went back to directing and writing, did another Rocky, another Rambo, and then a whole new franchise. Expendables crazy. Like for your career to come back like that. Did stunts and Expendables And it broke Crazy. Broke his fucking neck. It's crazy. But because he went back and that's sometimes, you know, that's the key to success. Yeah. It's late sixties. And I said, yeah, it's, and he's his own stunts. It's harder to go do it all yourself, but look, you can't argue with the results. Right. Look at the results you got back then. I'm so glad he went back to it because it inspires me all over again. So it's a great, you know, I'm sure you've done that.


Someone that really inspired you. And I wanna know who are your heroes that you got to inspire back in some way and then you're just like, oh my God. It's, they inspired me so that I could be here for them when they needed to hear that to go on. Mm. It was like all part of the universe of that creativity. You know, you're, you're the one who goes whispers in their ear. Another one with him. 'cause he inspired me, you know, so many times was I started working with my kids more. It's very counterintuitive. Like, I don't know if you work with your kids or whatever, plan to work with your kids. But I would say to anybody, if you have an opportunity to work with your kids, take it. 'cause when I was like, when I turned 50, I thought, I guess I could keep making movies. It's been good to me. I guess I could just make more. I mean, I was way into it, you know, when I was younger and my, it's been good to me.


But I said, I, I bet there it might be another job. I can take that with the knowledge I have. I could probably make just as much money or something. I don't even know what jobs exist. I got this job when I was 21. So I, I got Jobs for Dummies and I started looking at what all the other jobs were. Oh, I want that job. I want that job. And then I get to filmmaker And it has a little icon of a guy that has hands up like this And it says, this is the best job. Just make movies with your friends. You sit back, watch the money roll in. But 99% of film students can't get this job. So give it up. So I went, I actually got the best job. So I would stick with it. But it still wasn't enough desire until I made that $7,000 movie with my kids.


And they got so into it and I realized that's my next 10 years I'm gonna work with my kids. I'm gonna make them all work on movies because I, it's not about making movies, it's about life lessons. It gives you a huge project that you have to, you don't know how you're gonna get through even the day. Much less the project. But that's life. It's like, I felt so good afterwards saying, you know, the process now, if I get hit by a bus, you guys are gonna be fine. 'cause it's just like the movies, the story of life is just like the stories we make up. You go get your plan together, which is kinda like your script. You attack it, try to make it as bulletproof as possible. Go for your goal, whether it's building a comedy club or whatever. Watch it all fucking fall apart. And then that's when you roll up your sleeves, turn chicken shit to chicken salad.


The finished results way better than your original vision. Wash, rinse, repeat. That's life. Mm. It's a microcosm of how life works. I made them work on the movies and I did this manifesting thing. My son said, well I'd like to do a VR movie. I said, well let's make a company together. We'll call it Double R. You all have double R names. Double R Company watch. I'm gonna show you this, how this works because I did this with Brass Knuckle films, which is creating a label but double RLBR logo. And I made t-shirts and little notepads and they got way into it. 'cause now that we have a company, you have to do stuff to fill the company. So we'll call a VR company and say, y'all need to sell headsets. Give us some money to make a movie and we'll make you a movie. We did one with Michelle Rodriguez and Norman Rita called The Limit that had the, they made us a big Double R logo in the front.


That was like in March, later that year, we made that $7,000 movie that also had the Double R logo. Then I went to Netflix and they said, could you make us a spy kids type thing? That always does Well. So I thought, okay, I kind of came up with it in the room. I thought little kids superheroes. So I have to save their superhero parents. That's, we Can Be Heroes. Another Double R movie. My kids wrote it with me. It's the most watched and rewatched movie in Netflix history. Nothing can touch it. Kids cannot stop watching it. 'cause as little kid superheroes, no one's ever done that before. And my kids are like, dad, it really works this thing. And I was like, shit better than I thought. I was just, I was just making an example. But that's, that's how it happens, right? Like it feels predestined, but also you're like, let me just show you how it works.


And you go to show someone an example and that becomes your bread and butter. Yeah. And so I just tell people, if you have an opportunity to work with your kids, you're mentoring them. They're mentoring you because they're the age I was when I was making mariachi deto. They got so many great ideas. Mm. And you're taking on this big project that's teaching them about life. And because you're both in the same boat, you both know what it's gonna take. And it's family time. So you're like checking all the boxes. And I was telling this to Sly, I was so excited back in, you know, 2019 and his wife Jennifer was like, you don't work with your daughters. She hits them. You don't work with your daughters. And he was like, Ooh. I was like, oh shit. Maybe I should dial this story back.


I, I, I was so evangelical about it. But might get people in trouble. But they couldn't then hear it. And the next year the daughters went on pod started a podcast and he would show up every once in a while to like get braids up. Now they have a TV show. Second season, family's still alone. They're all working together. They're all living the best life. So I'd tell anybody who listens 'cause it's something I stumbled upon. 'cause it's very counterintuitive. 'cause you would think, oh, if I work my, my kids, doesn't that look like privilege or whatever. So I'll tell you this, what happens when we die? Don't you just give everything that you created over your life to your kids? 'cause they have your last name. They weren't a part of it. If you have a chance to work with them and build it with you, you have that next level mentorship relationship.


Don't just parent. 'cause after a while, what's, they're in the teens, they don't really need you. Edoing over them, partner with them. Mm. Become their mentor, their OB one and they mentor you back. It gives them such a boost in confidence when they teach you some shit. And you'll have that next level experience. That way when you pass on, you give 'em the stuff, they'll go, yeah, I made this with my dad. That's Great advice. So I tell people, especially When you do something like you do, that's, well, you know, Depends on what you have. Find your version of, you know, like not everybody can necessarily work with the kids, but you have an opportunity to do it. Do it cause It wasn. Right. But like this thing that you were saying about jobs for dummies, 99% of people are not gonna be able to do this. Well that's the thing. It's like what? Yeah, but it's possible. It is possible. Yeah. And part of the 99% not gonna do it because they don't know anybody who's done it.


Right. That's part of the problem. And also they, and once you see like, oh look how he did this. He just did. I think I could, he told me how he made El Mariachi. Yeah. I think it could be done. That wasn't taught in film schools. That was completely, again, they don't teach you how, they teach you how to do one job. Right. So that you can go pull cables in someone else's movie. My thing was like, right, be the owner, be the creator, be everything. And you cut the line and suddenly you're at the film festival. But, but you know, no one had really done that before. You, nobody Had done that before. It was the first time. That's why even when I was doing it, I was like, I kind of have the idea. This can do it. 'cause I did that short film and I'm doing the math. But somebody must have done this already. Even when the studio, in the book, it shows, even when the studios were flying me up, 'cause they saw Mariachi and wanted to do a deal with me.


I went, I've never heard of anyone getting the business like this. This must happen all the time. Where they find some filmmaker student, they win and dine them and then you never hear from him again. 'cause I've never heard a story like this. And I was the first one. That's why. That's wild. It was really crazy. And I didn't even want them to release it. I didn't want them to release it. 'cause it was my, my my practice film. I just threw it away. They said, wasn't everything One take, One take because I was shooting on film and if I shot two takes of everything, I double my budget. 'cause most of the money went to the film. Oh. I wrote the script around everything I already had so I wouldn't have to buy anything. So it's like, well what do we have? We took stock in what we have. And this is a lesson for life.


Like if you, if you think you can't do anything, well look around. You got a lot of resources. It's about being resourceful. Well we have a turtle, we found, we have a dog, we've got a ranch. Your brother-in-law has a school line. I mean a bus line. We'll borrow one of the buses when you see what we do with a bus, he crashes into it, have some bar. Let's ride everything around that. So we just have that. And if I shoot two takes, we've double our budget. How about the shoot? One take of everything. I know not everything's gonna come out because I'm doing everything myself. I'm pulling focus. I might meter it wrong, who knows? But I don't wanna shoot a safety take or it's gonna double a budget. We'll go home after I finish shooting the whole movie, I'll see what stuff didn't come out. And I'll go, just reshoot that. Of course you get home and you're, I'm not gonna fucking go back to Mexico and reshoot anything.


I'll just figure out a way to edit around all the stuff that didn't come out. Not everything came out. But yeah, it was really just following your nose and not knowing if it was gonna work. Somebody must have thought to do this already, but no one had ever done that before. 'cause it's so counterintuitive, you're told. But that's how movies started. You know, you think back in the old days, Charlie Chaplin and a guy behind the camera doing this, they didn't have 200 people. Right. It turned into a business just like with comedy. And it turns into a business to where you think that's the art form. That's not the art form. That's the business of the art form. The original art form is you by yourself doing it. This is how by myself, I was, it was like, you got one guy here now. Right? 'cause you have all these digital cameras. I had one camera and I had the sound and I can't do 'em at the same time.


'cause this camera sounds like this really noisy And it sounds like all your money's going away. So I had no slates. I would just say run the guy starts running, stop filming, cut. You know, like I would just shoot my little pieces like this much after. I would do a whole scene one take one, take one, take one take. Put the camera down, get the microphone really close to 'em like that. Okay. See all your lines again. Pick up the glass again. Do all that stuff again. Wow. Cut it in by hand. So so, because In the audio by hand it try to sink it to the mouth. So when they're not, because they're non-actors, a lot of times like, repeat what you just said.


Wait. So you cut it by hand And it would match, right? Yeah. And if it didn't match, I would cut away to the dog or to the knife or the other person. That's why it's got a really fast cutting style, which became my cutting style was just to get 'em back in sync. 'cause I didn't want it to look like a low budget. Right. Rubbery lip thing. But if you watch it, you see them in sync every time they're on screen, they're in sync. And then as they start to go outta sync, it cuts And it back. But this is about being resourceful. But it saved me a ton of money doing it that way. And It made it actually interesting to Watch. It makes it more interesting to watch. Yeah. Oh. So anyway, so originally I didn't have any ideas. I was gonna make three of these movies before making my serious American independent film.


But my first movie, I gave it to an agent in Los Angeles and he said, I can get you to work off this right now as a writer director. And I went, writer, director. I'm not a writer. Well, I guess I wrote the script. I guess that makes me a writer again. I didn't know how to own stuff yet. Yeah. It's like, you just gotta say you're a writer. I still thought, well I, I didn't even have written a movie. I didn't consider myself a writer. That's, that's the shit we do to ourselves. Right? So I said, okay. So he sent it around. All these studios were flying me up. It's in the book. It's just crazy how fast it happened. And they were offering me these deals 'cause they saw that I went and did something. That's why you just gotta go make something. 'cause people are, sometimes they're so impressed that you even did anything. Most people never start. And they went, wow. And I thought, well it's actually a good calling card. Now if, if you like the cinematography, I did that.


Hire me as a cameraman if you liked the editing. I did that hire me as an editor. But they hired me as a writer director. And I, they said, what movie do you wanna do? I go, this all happened so fast. I didn't, I didn't really have a chance to think about it. I was gonna do three of these practice films and then make a real one. So, but you like mariachi. Why don't we remake that? And they said with like Antonio and Bandera said, okay, okay, but audience might not like that the girl dies. So we're gonna screen this version that you have now to an audience. So we screened it to an audience and they liked it the way it was. So they said, we're gonna take this to some film festival. So I was like, no, don't show this movie. It's my practice movie. Literally no one's supposed to see this one. They go, no, no, you got something really special.


I said, no dude. I'm telling you I can do much better than that. Gimme $2,000. I'll go reshoot. Half of it. Just knowing that people are gonna see it now do completely differently. And they go, you got something. They're smart. Mark Canton there said, you got something really special here. We're gonna take you to the festivals. And we won Sundance because I made it for myself. And it was a real lesson in that. Like, if I was trying to think about what all the audience was gonna wanna see, I would've changed so many things. Mm. But because I knew no one was gonna see it, it's probably the only movie in history ever made where people were guaranteed not to see it. Just by the title. I titled it that way. So nobody would see it. I didn't want anybody to see it. I wanted to just throw it away and practice. I figured maybe the third one, when my might be the better one.


You know, like that advice. Throw three scripts away and then do a fourth. Well I'm gonna throw three movies away so that by the fourth, I'm, I'm so savvy, know how to film and do all these things. This first practice film's. Not gonna be it. That's the one. That's gonna be it. Wow. So commit to a body of work. Throw shit away. Don't put don't be precious about it. Just go make it. Don't blink when people criticize it and just keep going. Make a body of work. That's it. That's, that's the secret. And that's the secret to life too. Just keep, just keep trying to make it the best. That is phenomenal advice. And coming from a person like you that has accomplished so much, it's so resonant. That's Why I accomplish it by doing those things which everybody can do. It's not, 'cause I'm, I'm, I'm not that smart. I'm telling you I'm not that smart. I just follow your instinct like you've done, when you follow your instinct, you're letting the universe do all the talking.


And so that sounds wonky, but I just call it that. 'cause it is from some other place. And you're just an instrument. You're just a pipe. Yes. The soul that gets into your body. And you realize that when you have kids. I know. If you had that experience as soon as I had my first kid, I was like, this isn't my kid. You can just tell it's not my kid. I mean, it has physical characteristics. It may even mannerisms in my walk. But there's another soul in here that's from some other place. Mm. And each one is so different. Yeah. I have five kids and I have from nine siblings. They'res, they're from different planets. Right. And so you realize that the soul is on a communication level with some of the thing that our human bodies are just very primitive to, to do.


So when we get a a voice, we can't tell if it's coming from the universe, if it's for our own mind or if it's just 'cause it all sounds like fucking morse code. 'cause the brain is so primi, it's a three pound meat computers. Why we can't remember shit. Right. It's like we're, we're limited by the body. Our soul got put into just like, we'd be limited if we're putting a fish. 'cause they got even smaller brain. They, you know, only go forward and backwards. That's why A lot of people say you have to learn how to get outta your own way. Yeah. 'cause you're, you're, you think I'm so limited. Yeah. But you actually Also, maybe you don't and maybe you're cocky, which is equally Bad. Yeah. 'cause that's the beginning of your own way in a different way. Yeah. Yeah. It's a false, it's a false.


Where you think I, I can do anything because I'm just so cool. Where, where it's like, no, you can do anything because you're just a pipe. Right. Be that and then you'll see much more flow happening. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You'll see things just falling in your lap. Yeah. Don't think about you at all. Yeah. It gets you out of it. It's not, you have to be very humble. It's a very humbling thing. The more humble you are, the more shit happens. Not just for you but everyone around you being creative. And I figured this out like one year there was a book called The One Thing, a business book called One Thing. Like Do one thing and just do that. Well thought, okay, that book's not for me. And I was doing this talk where they introduced me. They said, Robert Richard, he's writer, director, editor, comp, long list of all the jobs I do. And I went up there like, wow, that I get tired just hearing that list.


And I keep seeing that book. The one thing. And I thought at first I thought, that's not me. But I, I realize, You know what? I don't just do all those things. There's one thing I really do that ties all those together. When you think about it, I do one thing and it's, I live a creative life. And if you commit to living a creative life, like literally applying creativity to everything you do, your workout in the morning, how you interact with your kids, the meal you cook, what you're gonna do that night. A business call you take, be creative. I love my business meetings now the most. I make people pizza. I'm making my chocolate. We talk about creativity and they wanna be in business with you. Mm. It's like so good. 'cause you're adding creativity. It enriches your life and everyone around you. And that way anything that touches creativity, whether it's painting, drawing, sculpture, music is available to you.


Because what 90% of that job is just being creative. And if you're doing it all day, you're always gonna be in a flow. If you don't embrace that and you go about your daily life and you don't apply creativity, well when you go home that night to write your novel or something, you're gonna be blocked. 'cause you're not in a creative flow. Mm. But if you've just been applying creativity all day long to everything I'm gonna do, I'm gonna do this talk creatively, I'm gonna bring some cards, I'm gonna go do this. You know, you're applying creativity. You're always in a flow. So when you go back to go do your main job, you're in, you've already been doing it and you're living your best life. 'cause I found I was most successful, happiest, and most fulfilled when I was being creative. So why not just do that 24 7? And it's been a life changer. It's been doing that like 15 years with consciousness.


Like consciously say. 'cause people don't like to say they're creative. Like when I ask, are you creative? And l goes well Yeah. You know, like stumbling through. It's like, 'cause people think being an artist means you have to have the mustache and the hat. And it's like, no, artists are regular people and regular people are flawed. And that's why you relate to something that they do because it's flawed. If you made it perfect, they couldn't relate to it. Yeah. 'cause humans are flawed. And if you think of it that way, you go, well I can create flawed stuff. I can do that all day long. And then that, that gets outta your way because then somebody who comes to you and they go really love that part where the explosion is, oh well that was an accident 'cause I didn't get what I really wanted and I had to make this work. And that was an accident. They liked those acts. They, they respond to those accidents in a big way because they're from another universe.


They're, they're, they're the part that's magic. The part you didn't know and the part you couldn't have predicted. Right. And so if you set up, I, I purposely make my budgets smaller and my shooting schedules shorter so that those, more of that stuff happens because that's the stuff people will relate to. And it gives you complete creative freedom. Like you have a lot of creative freedom here. I probably the director who's worked with the most outcast, ostracized, or people who are considered difficult than any other filmmaker, mainly because I'm independent and I don't have to listen to a studio if they're like, oh, you can't work with that person. Ooh. So like Mel Gibson couldn't get a job back when I hired him on. I was just always a big fan of his.


I always look at creativity first and talent first. Bullshit controversy. Not even distant second. And it is not even considered. And I get to work with these amazing people, Steven Segal, Charlie Sheen, Lindsay Lohan. And then people who were considered difficult were like Michael Parks. I got this from Quentin. Michael Parks was in Dust. Don, he's the sheriff at the beginning, the Texas Ranger. Quentin said, man, I love this guy. Michael Parks. He was gonna be the next James Dean. He had a show on TV in the seventies called, then came Bronson. But then he kind of got difficult for people to work with. And so he was relegated to these low budget grindhouse films. But check him out. He's always really great. I wanna put him in Dust Dawn. But I hear him, he's my difficult to work with. You work with him first and if he's, he was great to work with.


I'll work with him. So I say, all right, sure. So I work with him. It was a dream. It was amazing. He was really great. No bullshit of all the people like that. And then we both kept putting him in movies. Mickey work was considered couldn't work. You couldn't get a job. I gave him once upon a time. But once I met him I was like, oh my God. He is just like Mickey in the old days, you know, Quentin And I actually wanted him in Dust Dawn. We both wanted Mickey Rourke in the lead role. But he retired from acting. He was just boxing. He won't even look at the scripts. And we're like, oh man, we can hire Mickey Rourke and there's no Mickey now we're so bummed. But then years later I went back to him and no one was hiring him. And so I met with him. I said, okay, I'll meet with him. I was like, holy shit. He still has that charm and everything. So I put him in, gave him a small role once upon a time in Mexico.


And I kept riding him more scenes. He was broke. I mean I gave him money to go buy his own suits. 'cause he always dressed to the nines in his movies. It's like, look, I'm all outta time costume designing this thing. I'll give you some money. Go buy your own clothes. You, you're always gonna dress. He came with these Billy Martin suits and stuff. I said, I'm gonna put a bullet hole in the back of one digitally just so you can keep, 'cause he wanted to keep the clothes so you can keep the clothes. Thanks brother. And then I put in Sin City and I re relaunched his career. But he was always a dream to work with. And I would hear from people later, oh he's been difficult again. I was like, really? So I come back again? No, again, a hundred percent of the time. I've never had any difficulty with, even though difficult ostracized one.


So it makes you think, And you know that 'cause you'll have anybody you want on your show. But it makes me wonder, what environment are you putting them in? Right. That makes them like that. 'cause like somebody who said that about Rutger Hower was amazing. Hard to work with. Really. No, it wasn't at all. But for some people, I didn't know he had the reputation. I don't know. But somebody told me I fucking loved him. And Bladerunner loved him and stuff. Blade Runner. Oh Hitcher, Bruce Willis. People would tell, tell me it was difficult to work with. Like Bruce, I've worked with him four times. Lemme tell you, this is what Bruce was like when he walks in the set. Hey hee, what's going on man? Hefe means boss. Does that sound like somebody who's difficult? That's gonna be somebody who's just so happy.


One time I was doing this Kobe Bryant Nike commercial. I was gonna be in with Kobe. And I was directing it and I was working out at the gym where Stallone works out. Gunner Peterson's gym. And Bruce was there and I was trying to get an actor to do a cameo in this commercial. I was shooting that weekend. I was working out 'cause I was gonna be on camera. And so then I go to Bruce and I go, Hey, what, what are you up to? And he goes, I just looking for a job. And I said, well you a basketball fan because I'm shooting a Kobe Bryant commercial Saturday. What? Why don't you come by the set? It's downtown. You play this role. Bring, bring a couple of suits. 'cause it's very last minute, but last minute replacement. Yeah, yeah, sure. I would love to meet him.


Okay, good. So he went back to the Nike people and said, Bruce said he is gonna be in it. Well we'll call his agent. No, no, don't call his agents. 'cause he probably didn't tell him. And he said, he'll come down. I think he will. 'cause he, he's cool like that. Oh we think we should call him. Anyway. So they call the agent's, agents go, Bruce Willis is not gonna be in a Nike commercial. Well, he talked to Robert. Oh, okay. I guess he's gonna be in a Nike. So then we're down there in the set. We're downtown la, we're filming Kobe, we're filming everything else. And it's like almost time for him to show up. And they're like, you sure he is gonna come? Said he said he would. He said he'd bring two suits. And now, now I'm thinking how ridiculous that sounds. But I told him in the gym and said, come down with a couple of your suits from your own closet. Like there's no wardrobe. There's no time to get a wardrobe fitting and just show up.


He shows up. Shows up, does it. So I'll film you out in an hour because he knows how we work together. Had a great time. He's great in it. Takes off, brought his two suits. That's amazing. That does not sound like somebody who's difficult. No, It's the en environment that you put These people in. Totally. The environment you put 'em in. 'cause I was watching like a dog whisper. And it's like if you have a pit bull, some of these guys can be alpha male pit bull. If you put 'em in a situation where aggression is needed, like if you have a chaotic set and producers are coming down and going, eh, no, you can't wear that. You can't talk like that. Of course you're going to piss these guys off. But if you put 'em in an environment where they know there's somebody who's the boss. I mean, they show ups my studio. I'm operating the camera. I'm the dp.


I'm there acting with them. We're shooting it in record time. Getting 'em outta there fast. They're having a ball pit bull just wants to follow. He doesn't wanna, he doesn't wanna fucking take over the show. And so everyone's really, that's my theory on it anyway. I think it's just the environment. 'cause they always say, oh, if you have a dog that's misbehaving, it's the owner. It's the owner and the environment. It's not the dog. Yes. There's nothing wrong with the animal. The animal is fine. The animal could be very calm and assertive and even submissive. Well it's Also these exceptional actors with these eccentric personalities. They're oftentimes, like if you put them in a bad environment, you're gonna get a fucking terrible result. Cause it wasn. Part of what they are is like a little bit of chaos.


Well also just gonna have to protect themselves. Yes. They have to protect themselves. If this, if this environment is fucked up, Think about the type of guy that told you that. Like, wait, wait, you filmed this and you didn't get the rights. Yeah. Yeah. Those fucks, those are the guys that are gonna drive you up a wall. Exactly. Yeah. We've all Encountered those executives. Yeah. Yeah. I remember I talked to M I'd heard, you know, he'd been in trouble and some stuff maybe, maybe his head got big trouble. So I said, well, what was wrong? And you know, everything had to be what Mickey wanted to say. What Mickey wanted to wear. What Mickey wanted to do. Said, okay, well maybe, maybe he's gone back to some, I'm about to work with him again. So he comes, no, he is a dream again. So at the end I go, man, you always bring it, brother. What? You always bring it. And it's just, it's just so great to see.


He goes, yeah, was some people, you deserve it. Most people don't deserve it. I was like, because he remembers I gave him his shot back. So I was like, okay. He didn't gimme any shit. Maybe he gives other people shit. But He, that's awesome. Listen brother, I really enjoyed this. Oh man, I really Enjoyed talking to you. Oh man. We'll have to bring you to the studio. A lot of things you, I wanna see the studio, but I, I think a lot of things you said are really gonna help a lot of people. I, Hopefully, hopefully. 'cause it's, it's been helpful to me to then tell people and then the feedback loop, they tell me back something I said, but they morphed it into something new. Mm. Like they've added their own thing to it. Yeah. And I go, that's not what I told you. You know? Oh, we've added to it. No shit now. Now I'm taking your advice. That came from my advice. My kids do that all the time.


They go, it all comes back to what you taught us, dad. I go, what was that? What did I tell you that one time you said, you know, basically like the glass is half full, half empty, go. Okay, but I didn't tell you all this other stuff. Where'd that come from? Oh, we added to it since. And it was like, well, shit, that's the cool part. Yeah. Like my son got on a, was a Japanese knife maker, you know, in his teens. He just wanted to get into Japanese life. This is a guy from another lifetime. You know D you obviously knew this was his path. That's when you know it's a soul. Born in there. Didn't get that from me making these Japanese style knives, selling him for like a thousand dollars a pop. By the time he was 18 he got on that show forging a fire and won. And I was like, how did you, you didn't even know how to use most of the equipment they gave you.


You got $10,000. How did you, what was your mindset? And he said, I imagined I had won already. Somehow I had won. And so when I'd come up against a challenge that I wasn't sure how I would get by, I just had to remember what I did to get by it. Rather than trying to be freaked out about it. I was like, whoa, whoa. That's some freaking samurai shit sign that I read that this, you've obviously been in another life before to come in armed with that. I didn't learn that from me. And it was like, well it's kind of like, no, that's nothing like anything I ever told you. Wow. So the feedback loop, when you share with people, I love people coming and telling me, Hey, I was really inspired by your book and you said this. I'm like, I don't remember saying that in the book. I think you added it to it a lot.


It it triggered something in you. And we all keep compiling our ideas. Yeah, we all do. That's why I'm more interested in everybody else's perspective. 'cause we all have our own relationship to creativity and the universe and all That. Yeah. And the more you interact with things, the more you contribute. But come being a brass knuckle film, that sounds right. Right up reality. And let's do Conan or tta something. You gotta come see that. Something. Definitely Something. See something I can, I can't wait to see your studio Because you'd be great. I can already tell you would. I got a great part for you where you'll knock it out. I we'll talk. Yeah. Bizarre. Thank you very much. Thank you, sir. It was awesome. I really appreciate


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Whether you're building the perfect vegetable garden or booking your dream summer vacation, you share your information with all different kinds of people in places. But not everybody who handles your personal information is going to be as careful as you. And it only takes one mistake to expose it to hackers and identity theft. Maybe that's why there's a new victim of identity theft every five seconds in the United States. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity if your identity is stolen. A LifeLock US-based restoration specialist will help you solve identity theft issues on your behalf guaranteed or your money back. Plus, all LifeLock plans are backed by their million dollar protection package, meaning LifeLock will reimburse you up to the limits of your plan. If you lose money due to identity theft, you can't control how diligent others are with your personal information. But with LifeLock, you can protect it. Act now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use the promo code JRE or go to lifelock.com/jr e for 40%. Off terms apply.