
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day Joe Rogan podcast by night all day. Alright, so if there's a doomsday clock for AI and where, where we're fucked. What, what, what time is it? If midnight is, we're Fucked. We're getting right into it. You're, You're not even gonna ask us what we had for breakfast. No, no, No, no, no, no. Jesus. Okay, Let's get freaked out. Well, okay. So, so there's one, without speaking to like the fucking tombs day dimension, right up the end, there's a question about like, where are we at in terms of AI capabilities right now? And what do those timelines look like? Right. There's a bunch of disagreement.


One of the most concrete pieces of evidence that we have recently came out of a, a lab, an an AI kind of evaluation lab called Meter. And they put together this, this test, basically it's like you ask the question, pick a task that takes a certain amount of time, like an hour, it takes like a human, a certain amount of time. And then see like how likely the best AI system is to solve for that task. Then try a longer task, see like a 10 hour task, can it do that one? And so right now what they're finding is when it comes to AI research itself, so basically like automate the work of an AI researcher, you're hitting 50% success rates for these AI systems for tasks that take an hour long.


And that is doubling every, right now it's like every four months. So, So like you, you had tasks that you could do, you know, a person doesn't five minutes, like, you know, ordering an Uber Eats or like something that takes like 50 minutes, like maybe booking a flight or something like that. And it's a question of like, how much can these AI agents do? Right? Like from five minutes to 50 minutes to 30 minutes. And in some of these spaces like research software engineering, and it's getting further and further and further and doubling it looks like every four months. So like, So if you, if you extrapolate that, you basically get to tasks that take a month to complete, like by 20, 27 tasks that take an AI researcher a month to complete these systems will be completing with like a 50% success rate.


So You'll be able to have an AI on your show and ask it what the doomsday clock is like by then. It probably won't laugh. It's gonna be, it'll have a terrible sense of humor about it. But yeah, just Make sure you ask you what it had for breakfast before you start, I guess. Yeah. What about quantum computing? Getting involved in ai? It's so, yeah, I honestly, I don't think it's, if you think that you're gonna hit human level AI capabilities across the board, say 20 27, 20 28, which when you talk to some of these, the people in the labs themselves, that's the timelines they're looking at. They're not confident. They're not sure. But that seems pretty plausible if that happens, really, there's no way we're gonna have quantum computing that's gonna be giving enough of a bump to these techniques.


You're gonna have standard classical computing. One way to think about this is that the data centers that are being built today are being thought of literally as the data centers that are going to house like the artificial brain that powers super intelligence, human level ai when it's built in like 2027, something like that. Hmm. So how would, how knowledgeable are you when it comes to quantum computing? So a little bit. I mean, like, I did my, my grad studies in like the foundations of quantum mechanics. Oh great. Yeah. Well it was a mistake, but I appreciate it for The purposes. Why was it a mistake? You know? So academia is this like, kind of funny thing. It's really bad culture.


It, it teaches you some really terrible habits. So basically my entire life after academia and Ed's too Yeah. Was unlearning these like terrible habits of, it's, it's all zero sum basically. It's not like when you're working in startups, it's not like, you know, when you're working in tech where, you know, you build something and something somebody else builds something that's complimentary and You can team up and just like make something amazing. It's always wars over who gets credit? Who gets their name on the paper? Did you cite this fucking stupid paper from two years ago? 'cause the author has an ego and you gotta be on, I was literally at one point the, I'm not, I'm not gonna get any details here, but like, there was a collaboration that we ran with like this anyway, fairly well-known guy.


And my supervisor had me like write the emails that he would send from his account so that he was seen as like the guy who is like interacting with this big wig. That kind of thing is like, doesn't tend to happen in startups. At least not in the same way. 'cause everybody's So he wanted credit for the, like he wanted to seem like he was the genius who was facilitating this Yeah. For sounding smart on email. Ew. Right. But, But that, that, that Happens everywhere, dude. Yeah. And the reason it happens is that these guys who are like professors or even not even professors, just like your postdoctoral guy who's like supervising you, they can write your letters of reference and control your career after that, that last they got You by the Balls.


They can do whatever. And so what Jer did, God, it's like a movie. Totally. It's gross disgust, Gross Movie. Like a gross boss in a movie that wants to take credit for your work. And it's real, it's rampant. And the way to escape it is to basically just be like, fuck this. I'm gonna go do my own thing. Yeah. And so Jer dropped outta grad school to come start a company. And, and I mean, honestly even that it took, it took me, it took both of us like a few years to like unfuck our brains and unlearn the bad habits we learned. It was really only a few years later that we started like really, really getting a good, like getting a good flow going. You're Also, you're kind of disconnected from the like, base reality when you're in the the ivory tower.


Right? Right. Like if you're, there's something beautiful about, and, and this is why we spent all our time in startups, but there there's something really beautiful about like, it's just a bunch of assholes us and, and like no money and nothing and a world of like potential customers. And it's like, you actually, it, it's not that different from like standup comedy in a way. Like your product is, can I get the laugh? Right? Like something like that. And it's unforgiving if you fuck up, it's like silence in the room. It's the same thing with startups. Like the space of products that actually works is so narrow and you gotta obsess over what people actually want. And it's so easy to fool yourself into thinking that you've got something that's really good. 'cause your friends and family are like, oh no sweetie, you're doing a great job. Like what a wonderful life.


I would, I would totally use it. I totally see the, all that stuff. Right. And that's, I I love that. 'cause it forces you to change. Yeah. The it the whole indoctrination thing in academia is so bizarre because there's these like hierarchies of powerful people and the just the idea that you have to work for someone someday and they have to take credit by being the, the person on the email that, that will haunt me for days. Oh, it's, I'll be thinking about that for days now. I fucking can't stand people like that. It drives me nuts. One big consequence. It's really hard to tell who the people are who are creating value in that space too. Right? Of course. Sure. Because this is, it's just like television.


One of the things about television shows is, so I'll give you an example. A very good friend of mine who's a very famous comedian, had this show and his agent said, we're gonna attach these producers. It'll help get it made. And he goes, well what are they gonna do? He goes, they're not gonna do anything. It'll just be in name. He goes, but they're gonna get credit. He goes, yeah. He goes, fuck that. He goes, no, no. Listen, listen. This is better for it. The show. It'll help the show. Right. Get made. He goes, but then they'll have, excuse me, they'll have a piece of the show. He's like, yes, yes. But like, it's a matter of whether this show gets successful or, or not. And this is a good thing to do. And he's like, what are you talking about? But it was a conflict of interest because this guy was rep, the agent was representing these other people.


Oh yeah. But this is completely common. Yeah. So there's these executive producers that are on shows that have zero to do with it. It's So many. Yeah. So many industries are like this. And that's why we got into startups. It's it's literally like you and the world, right? Yeah. It's like in a way, like standup comedy like Jar said, or Like podcasting. Or like podcasting. Yeah. Where your enemy isn't actually hate it's indifference. Like most of the stuff you do, especially when you're getting started, like why would anyone like give a shit about you? They're just not gonna pay attention. Yeah. That's not even your enemy. You know? That's just all potential. That's all that is. You know, it's like your enemy's within you. It's like, figure out a way to make whatever you're doing good enough that you don't have to think about it not being valuable.


It, It's, it's meditative. Like, it, there's no way for it not to be, to be in some way a reflection of, of like yourself. You know, you're, you're kind of like in this battle with you trying to convince yourself that you're great. So the ego wants to grow and that you're constantly trying to compress it and compress it. And if there's not that outside force, your ego will expand to fill whatever volume is given to it. Like, if you have money, if you have fame, if everything's given and you don't make contact with the unforgiving on a regular basis, like Yeah. You know, you're gonna end up, you're gonna end up doing that to yourself and, And you Could, yeah. It's possible to avoid, but you have to have strategies. Yeah. You have to be intentional about it. Yeah. Yeah. The best strategy is jiujitsu. Yeah. Yeah. It's it's Act Mark. Mark Zuckerberg is a different person now. Yeah.


Yeah. You can see it. You can see it. Yeah. Well it's a really good thing for people that have too much power because you just get strangled all the time. Yeah. And then you just get your arms bent sideways and you, and after a while you're like, okay, this is reality. This is reality. This social hierarchy thing that I've created is just nonsense. It's just smoke and mirrors and they know it is. Which is why they so rabidly enforce these hierarchies, the best people seek it out. You know, why sir and ma'am and all that kind of shit. That's what that is. Like, you don't feel like you really have respect unless you say that, Ugh, These poor kids that have to go from college where they're talking to these dipshit professors out into the world and operating under these same rules that they've been like forced in and indoctrinated to.


It's God to just make it on your own. It's amazing what you can get used to though. And, and like the, it's funny you were mentioning the producer thing, that is literally also a thing that happens in academia. So you'll have these conversations where it's like, alright, well this paper is, you know, fucking garbage or something. But we, we want to get it in a paper in a journal. And so let's see if we can get like a famous guy on the list of authors so that when it gets reviewed, people go like, oh, Mr. So-and-so. Okay. Like, and that literally happens. Like we, you know, And the funny thing is like, the hissy fits over this are like, the stakes are so brutally low, at least with your producer example. Like, someone stands to make a lot of money with this. It's like you get maybe like an assistant professorship out of it best that's like 40 grand a year and you're, it's just like what this is.


It's just what do you do for, for Producers it is money. But I don't even think they notice the money anymore. I think a big part. 'cause all those guys are really, really rich already. I think, you know, if you're a big time TV producer, you're really rich. I think the big thing is being thought of as a genius who's always connected to successful projects. Right? Yeah. Yeah. That's What they really like. That's, that is like always gonna be a thing, right? I mean, And it Wasn't one producer, it was like a couple. So there's gonna be a couple different people that were on this thing that had zero to do with it. It was all written by a standup comedian. His friends all helped him. They all put it together and then he was like, no, he, he wound up firing his agent over it. Oh Shit. Oh geez. Good for him. I mean, yeah, like, Get the fuck out of here.


At a certain point for the producers too, it's kinda like you'll have people approaching you for help on projects that look nothing like projects you've actually done. So I feel Like it just, it just adds noise to your, your universe. Like if you're actually trying to build cool shit, You know what I mean? Like, some People just wanna be busy, they just want more things happening and they think more is better, more is not better. 'cause more is energy that takes away from the better. Whatever the important shit is. Yeah. The focus. You only have so much time until AI takes over and then you'll have all the time in the world. 'cause no one will be employed and everything will be automated. We'll all be on universal basic income. And that's it. That's a show. That's the end. That's a sitcom. That's a sitcom. Bunch of poor people existing on $250 a week.


Oh, I would watch that. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause the government just gives everybody that. That's what you live off of. Like weird shit is cheap. Like the, the stuff that's like all like, well the stuff You can get from chatbots and AI agents is cheap, but like food is super expensive or something anyway. Yeah. Organic food's gonna be, you're gonna have to kill people for it. Well, you, you'll eat people. It'll be like a Soylent world. Right. So green. So green. Nothing's more free range than people though. That's true. Depends on what they're eating though. It's just like animals, you know, you don't only eat a bear that's been eating salmon, they taste like shit. Yeah, I know. I didn't know that. Yeah. I've been eating my bear wrong this entire time. Sorry. So back to the quantum thing.


So quantum computing is infinitely more powerful than standard computing. Would it make sense then that if quantum computing can run a large language model, that it would reach a level of intelligence that's just preposterous? So yeah, one way to think of it is like there are problems that quantum computers can solve way, way, way, way better than classical computers. And so like the numbers get absurd pretty quickly. It's like problems that a classical computer couldn't solve if it had the entire lifetime of the universe to solve it. Right? A quantum computer right? In like 30 seconds, boom. But, but the flip side, like there are problems that quantum computers just like can't help us accelerate. The, the kinds of, like one classic problem that quantum computers help with is this thing called like the traveling salesman paradox or problem where you, you know, you have like a bunch of different locations that a salesman needs to hit and what's the best path to hit the most efficiently.


That's like kind of a classic problem if you're going around different places and have to make stops there, there are a lot of different problems that have the right shape for that. A lot of quantum machine learning, which is a field is focused on how do we take standard AI problems like AI workloads that we wanna run and like massage them into a shape that gives us a quantum advantage. And that's, it's a nascent field. There's a lot going on there. I would expect, like my personal expectation is that we just build the human level AI and very quickly after that super intelligence without ever having to factor in quantum. But it's when You, could you define that for people? What's the difference between human level AI and super intelligence?


Yeah. So yeah, human level AI is like ai, you, you can imagine like it's AI that is as smart as you are in let's say all the things you could do on a computer. So, you know, You can, yeah, You can order food on a computer, but You can also write software on a computer. You can also email people and pay them to do shit on a computer. You can also trade stocks on a computer. So it's like as smart as a smart person for that super intelligence. People have various definitions and there're all kinds of, like, honestly, hissy fits about like different definitions generally speaking. It's something that's like very significantly smarter than the smartest human. And so you think about it, it's, it's kind of like, it's, it's as smart, as much smarter than you as you might be smarter than a toddler.


And you think about that and you think about like the, you know, how, how, how do you, how would a how would a toddler control you? It's kind of hard. Like you can, you can outthink a toddler pretty much like any day of the week. And so super intelligence gets us at these levels where you can potentially do things that are completely different and basically, you know, new scientific theories. And we, last time we talked about, you know, new, new stable forms of matter that were being discovered by these kind of narrow systems. But now you're talking about a system that is like, has that intuition combined with the ability to talk to you as a human and to just have really good like rapport with you, but can also do math.


It can also write code, it can also like solve quantum mechanics and has that all kind of wrapped up in the same package. And so one, One of the things too that by definition if you build a human level ai, one of the things it must be able to do as well as humans is AI research itself. Yeah. Or at least the parts of AI research that you can do in just like software like, you know, in, in by coding or whatever these, these systems are designed to do. And so, so one implication of that is you now have automated AI researchers and if you have automated AI researchers, that means you have AI systems that can automate the development of the next level of their own capabilities. Right. And now you're getting into that whole, you know, singularity thing where it's an exponential that just builds on itself and builds on itself.


Which is kind of why, you know, a lot of people argue that like if you build human level ai, super intelligence can't be that far away. You've basically unlocked everything. And we kind of have gotten very close. Right? Like it's, it's past the, the firm, not the firmly paradox. The what, what is it? Oh yeah, yeah. The, the god dammit. We were just talking about 'em the other day. Yeah. The test. The Oh, the Turing test. Turing test. Turing test. Yeah. Thank you. We're just talking about how horrible what happened to him was, you know, the chemically castrated him 'cause he was gay. Yeah. Horrific winds up killing, killing himself. The, the, the guy who figures out what's the test to figure out whether or not AI has become sentient. And by the way, does this in like what, 1950 something?


Oh Yeah, yeah. Alan Turing is a, like, he, the guy was a beast, right? I mean, how did He think that through? He invented even Computers. He invented basically the concept that underlies all computers. Like he was like an absolute beast. He was a code breaker at, he broke the Nazi codes. Right. And the, he Also wasn't even the first person to come up with this idea of machines, building machines and there being implications like human disempowerment. So if you go back to, I think it was like the late 18 hundreds, and I, I don't remember the guy's name, but he sort of like, came up with this. He was observing the industrial revolution and the mechanization of labor and kind of starting to see more and more like if you zoom out, it's almost like you have an, humans are an ant colony. And the artifacts that that colony is producing that are really interesting are these machines.


Yeah. You know, you kind of like look at the surface of the earth as like gradually, increasingly mechanized thing. And it's not super clear if you zoom out enough like what is actually running the show here, right? You've got human servicing machines, humans looking to improve the capability of these machines at this frantic pace. Like they're not even in control of what they're doing. Are we economic forces are pushing, Are we the servant of the master? Right. At a certain point. Like, yeah. And it, the whole thing is like, especially with a competition that's going on between the labs, but just kind of in general, you're at a point where like, do the CEOs of the labs, like they're, they're these big figureheads, they, they go on interviews, they talk about they're doing stuff. Do they really have control over the, any part of the system?


Oh, because like the, the economy's in this like almost convulsive fit, right? Like you can almost feel like it's like it's hurling out a GI and Yeah. And like, like for as one kind of, I guess data point here, like all these laps, open ai, Microsoft, Google, every year they're spending like an aircraft carrier worth of capital individually each of them just to build bigger data centers to house more AI chips to train bigger, more powerful models. And that's like, so, so we're actually getting to the point where if you look at on a, a power consumption basis, like we're getting to, you know, 2, 3, 4, 5% of US power production. If you project out into the late 2020s, kind of in 20, 26, 27, you're talking About Oh, not for double digit though.


Yeah. Not for double digit. Yeah, but for single digit. Yeah. You're talking like, that's a few gigawatts. So one gigawatts. So, so Not for single digit, it's in the, the like for for 2027, you're looking at like, you know, in the 0.5 ish percent, but it's like, it's a big fucking fri like you're talking about gigawatts and gigawatts. One gigawatt is a million homes. So you're seeing like one data center in 2027 is easily gonna break a gig. There's gonna be multiple like that. And so it's like a thousand, sorry, a million home city metropolis Really? That is just dedicated to training like one fucking model. Wow. That, that's what this is. Again, if you zoom out at planet earth, you can interpret it as like this, like all these humans frantically running around like ants just like building this like artificial brain.


It's like one take On super mind assembling itself on the face of the planet.


This episode is brought to you by blinds.com. Alright, listen, upgrading your window treatments can totally transform your space And it can help you save on energy bills. Yeah. Blocking the heat out. Keep the cool in. But is it worth the hassle? It is with blinds.com because they changed the game. There's no waiting around all day for a salesperson to show up. Just to get a quote, blinds.com makes it easy. Just jump online and browse for yourself or do a virtual consultation with one of their award-winning experts. And you get free samples sent to your house to check out the goods before you buy. Do it yourself or let blinds.com handle the measure and installation for you. You can even get all your windows measured for free. No hidden fees, just upfront pricing. Zero Bs. Now's the time to score big with spring Black Friday Deals going on right now. In fact, right now they're offering my listeners an exclusive 40% off their entire order. Just go to blinds.com and use the promo code Rogan 40 at checkout Limited time offer rules and restrictions apply.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats Summer is almost here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered Catamaran. That's a no lemon meringue. That's a yes. A day in the sun. No, a bottle of rum. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely help you out with that. Get almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You must be legal drinking age, please enjoy responsibly product availability varies by region CA for details.


Marshall McCluen in like 1963 or something like that said, human beings are the sex organs of the machine world. Oh God, that hits, that hits different today. It Does, it does. I've always said that if we were aliens or if aliens came here and studied us, they'd be like, what is the dominant species on the planet doing? Well, it's making better things. Yeah. That's all it does. It's the whole thing is dedicated to making better things and all of its instincts, including materialism, including status, keeping up with the Joneses. All that stuff is tied to newer better stuff. You don't want old shit. Yeah, you want new stuff. You don't want an iPhone 12. You know, what are you do when you loser? You know, like you need newer, better stuff and they convince people, especially in the realm of like consumer electronics, most people are buying things nuts that absolutely don't need nuts.


The vast majority of the spending on new phones is completely unnecessary. Yeah. But I, I just need that extra, like, that extra like fourth camera though. I feel like I, my life isn't Complete. I've run one of my phones as an iPhone 11 and I'm purposely not switching it just to see if I notice it. I fucking never notice anything. I've watched YouTube on it. I text people, it's all the same. I go online, it works, it's all the same. Probably the biggest thing there is gonna be the security side, which No, they update the security. It's all software. But I mean, if your, if your phone gets old enough, I mean like at a certain 0.0 when they stop updating it. Yeah. Yeah. Like iPhone one. You know, China's watching all your dick pics.


Oh dude. I mean salt typhoon. They're watching all our dick pics. Yeah, they're definitely seeing mine. What's Salt Typhoon? So salt ty. Oh, sorry. Yeah, yeah. So it's this big Chinese cyber attack actually starts to get us to, to kind of the, the broader That's put a great name by the way. Salt typhoon. Fuck yeah guys. I really wish I would wouldn't name it. They have The, they have the coolest names for their cyber operations Meant to Destroy. It's a great salt. Typhoon is pretty Slick. You know what, it's, it's kind of like when, when people go out and do like a a an awful thing, like a school shooting or something and they're like, oh, let's talk about, you know, if you give it a cool name, like now the Chinese are definitely gonna do it again anyway. That's Because they have a cool name. Yeah, that's definitely a fact. Salt Typhoon. Salt typhoon. Pretty dope. Dope. Yeah. But it's this thing where basically, so, so there was in the, the 3G kind of protocol that was set up years ago, law enforcement agencies included back doors intentionally to be able to access comms, you know, theoretically if they got a warrant and so on.


And well, you introduce a backdoor, you have adversaries like China who are wicked good at cyber, they're gonna find and exploit those back doors. And now basically they're, they're sitting there and they had been for some people think like maybe a year or two before it was really discovered and just a couple months ago, they kind of go like, oh cool. Like we got fucking like China all up in our shit. And this is like, this is like flip a switch for them and like you turn off the power or water to a state or like you fucking Yeah. You know, well, Sorry, this is, sorry. Salt typhoon though is about just sitting on the, the like basically telecoms now. Oh, that's The telecom one. That's right. Yeah. It's not the, but but yeah, I mean that, that's another thing. There's another, there's another thing where they're doing that too.


Yeah. And, and so this is kind of where what what we've been looking into over the last year is this question of how, what is, if you're gonna make like a, a Manhattan project for super intelligence, right? Which is that's, I mean that's what we're texting about, like way back and right. And then actually funnily enough, we, we shifted right our date for security reasons. But if you're gonna do a Manhattan project for, for super intelligence, what does that have to look like? What does the security game have to look like to actually make it so that China's not all all up in your shit? Like today it is extremely clear that at the world's top AI labs, like all that shit is being stolen. Like there, there is not a single lab right now that isn't being spied on successfully based on everything we've seen by the Chinese.


Can I ask you this? Yeah. Are we spying on the Chinese as well? That's a big problem. Do you wanna We're We're, we're I mean we're definitely, we're definitely doing some stuff, but in terms of the, the relative balance between the two, we're not where we need to be. They Spy on us better than we spy on them. Is that What you're saying? Yeah, because like we, because like our they build all Our shit. Yeah. They've spilled all our shit. Well that was the Huawei situation, right? Yeah. And, and then it's also the, oh my God, it's the, like if you look at the power grid, so this is now, now public, but if you look at like transformer substations, so these are the, essentially, anyway, they're, they're a crucial part of the electrical grid. And there's really like, basically all of them have components that are made in China.


China's known to have planted back doors like Trojans into those substations to fuck with our grid. The thing is, when you see a salt typhoon, when you see a like big Chinese cyber attack or a big Russian cyber attack, you're not seeing their best. The these countries do not go and show you like their best cards out the gate. You, you show the bare minimum that you can without tipping your hand at the actual exquisite capability capabilities you have. Like we've, the, the way that one of the, the the people kind of who's, who's been walking us through all this really well explained it is like the philosophy is you want to learn without teaching, right? You want to use what is the lowest level capability that has the effect I'm after.


That's what that is. So I'll give, I'll give an example. Like I'll, I'll tell you a story that's, that's kind of like, it's, it's a public story and it's from a long time ago, but it kind of gives a flavor of like how far these countries will actually go when they're playing the game for fucking real. So it's 1945 America and the Soviet Union are like best pals 'cause they've just defeated the Nazis right? To celebrate that victory in the coming new world order. That's gonna be great for everybody. The children of the Soviet Union give as a gift to the American ambassador in Moscow, this beautifully carved wooden seal of the United States of America.


Beautiful thing. Ambassador's thrilled with it. He hangs it up on, behind his desk in his private office. You can see where I'm going with this probably, but oh yeah, yeah. Seven years later, 1952 finally occur to us, like, let's take a town and actually examine this. So they dig into it and they find this incredible contraption in it called a cavity resonator. And this device doesn't have a power source, doesn't have a battery, which means when you're sweeping the office for bugs, you're not gonna find it. What it does instead is it designed. That's it. That's it. It's, it's the Thing. It's beautiful. They call it the thing. They call it the thing. And what this cavity resonator does is it's basically designed to reflect radio radiation back to a receiver, to listen to all the noises and conversations and talking in the ambassador's private office.


And so how's it doing it without a power source? So that's what they do. So the Soviets for seven years parked a van across the street from the embassy, had a giant fucking microwave antenna aimed right at the ambassador's office and were like zapping it and, and looking back at the reflection and literally listening at every single thing he was saying. And the best part was when the embassy staff was like, we're gonna go and like, sweep the office for bugs periodically they'd be like, Hey Mr. Ambassador, we're about to sweep your office for bugs. And the ambassador was like, cool, please proceed and go and sweep my office for bugs. And the KGB dudes in the van were like, just turn it off.


Sounds like they're gonna sweep the office for bugs. Let's turn off our giant microwave antenna. And they kept at it for seven years. Wow. It was only ever discovered. 'cause there was this like British radio operator who was just, you know, doing his thing, changing his dial. And he is like, oh shit. Like, is that the ambassador? Fucking just randomly. So, so the thing Is, oh, and actually, sorry, one other thing about that. If you heard that story and you're kind of thinking to yourself, hang on a second. They were shooting like microwaves at our ambassador 24 7 for seven years. Whoa. Doesn't that seem like it might like give fry his genitals or something? Yeah. Or something like that. You're Supposed to have a lead vest And the answer is Jock. Yes.


Yes, Yes. And this is something that came up in our investigation just from every single person who was like, who is filling us in and who, who dialed in and knows what's up. They're like, look, so you gotta understand like our adversaries, if if they need to like give you cancer in order to shit off of your laptop, they're gonna give you some cancer. Did he get cancer? I don't know specifically about the ambassador, but like, it's, It's also, that's also, so we're, we're limited what we can say. There's, there's actually people that you can talk to later that can go in in more detail here, but older technology like that, like kind of lower powered.


So you're, you're less likely to, to look at that nowadays. We live in a different world. The guy that invented that microphone invented his, his last name is Therman. He invented this instrument called the Thein, which is a fucking really interesting thing that, Oh, he is just moving his hands. Yeah, your hands control it. Waving over this what? It's a fucking wild instrument. I literally, Have you seen this before, Jamie? Yeah. I saw Juicy Jay Prep playing it yesterday on Instagram. He's like practicing. It's a fucking cool Ass thing. Wow. That's Also pretty good at it too. That's, that's, There's two, two, both hands are controlling it by moving in and out in space X, y, ZI don't, I honestly don't really know how the fuck it works, but wow, I've seen it. That is wild. It's, it's also a lot harder to do than it seems.


So American. The Americans tried to replicate this for years and years and years without, without really succeeding. And anyway, that's all kind of part of, I have a friend who used to work for intelligence agency and he was working in Russia and the f they found that the building was bugged with these super sophisticated bugs that operate their power came from the swaying of the building. Get out. I've never heard that One before. The swaying of just like your watch, like I have a mechanical watch on, so when I move my watch, it powers up, it powers up the spring And it keeps the watch. That's an automatic, that's how an automatic mechanical watch works. They figured out a way to just by the subtle swing of the building in the wind, that was what was powering this listening device.


So th this is the thing, right? Like the, I mean what the fuck Things that, the things that nation states. What's Up Jamie? That Google says that's, that's what was powering this thing. The great seal bug, which I think is the thing. So I don't, there's Another one. No, But Oh, this is, so you can actually see in that video, I think there was a YouTube. Yeah. So Same kind of thing. Jamie. I look, I was just, I typed in Russia spy bug building sway. The thing is what pops up The thing, which Is what we were just talking about. Oh, that thing. It, it, so that's powered the same way by the, the wave of the Building. Oh, I don't, I don't, I think it was powered by radio frequency emission. So I, there may be another thing related to it, I'm not sure. But yeah, the, the, Maybe maybe Google's a little confused.


Yeah. I don't know. Maybe it's the word sway is what's throwing it off. Sorry. But it, it's, no, but it's, it's a great catch. And the only reason we even know that too is that the, when the U twos were flying over Russia, they had a U2 that got shot down in 1960, the Russians go like, oh, like frigging Americans like spying on us. What the fuck? I thought we were buddies or what? Well, it's the sixties obviously didn't think that, but, and then the Americans are like, okay, bitch, look at this. And they brought out the, the seal and that's how it became public. It was basically like the response to the Russians saying like, you know, wow. Yeah, yeah. They're all dirty. Oh yeah. Everyone's spying on everybody. That's the thing. And I think they probably all have some sort of UFO technology.


We need to talk about that. We, we need turn off our mics and Yeah, I'm 99% sure a lot of that shit is ours. You, you need to talk to some of the I've been talking to people. Oh, Oh, I'm, I, yeah, I I I've been talking to a lot of people. There, There's, there might be some other people that you'd be interested in chatting with. I would very much be interested. Here's the problem. Some of the people I'm talking to, I'm positive were they're talking to me to give me bullshit. Ah, Because I I'm are you On your list? Are like, No, and you guys aren't the list, but there's certain people I'm like, okay, maybe most of this is true, but some of it's not on purpose. There's, there's that. And I guarantee you I know I talk to people that don't tell me the truth. Yeah. Yeah.


It's, it's an interesting problem in like all intel, right? Because there's always the mix of incentives is so fucked. Like the, the adversary's trying to add noise into the system. You've got, you got pockets of people within the government that have different incentives from other pockets And then you have top secret clearance and all sorts of other things that are going on. Yeah. Yeah. One guy that texted me, he is like the guy telling you that the, they aren't real is literally involved in these meetings. So stop, just stop listening to him. It's like one of the, one of the, one of the techniques right? Is like, is actually to inject so much noise that you don't know what's what and you can't follow. So this actually, this, this happened in, in in the covid thing, right? The lab leak versus the natural, like wet market thing.


Yeah. So I remember there was a, there was a debate that that happened about what was the origin of Covid. This was like a few years ago. It was like an 18 or 20 hour long YouTube debate, just like punishingly long. And it was like there was a hundred thousand dollars bet either way on who would win. And it was like lab leak versus what market. And at the end of the 18 hours, the conclusion was like, one of them won. But the conclusion was like, it's basically 50 50 between them. And then I remember like hearing that and talking to some folks and being like, hang on a second. So you gotta believe that whether it came from a lab or whether it came from a wet market, one of the top three priorities of the CCP from a propaganda standpoint is like, don't get fucking blamed for covid.


And that means they're putting like one to $10 billion and some of their best people on a global propaganda effort to cover up evidence and confuse and blah, blah, blah. You really think that you, that you're 50%, like you're, that confusion isn't coming from that incredibly resourced effort. Like they know what they're doing, Particularly when different biologists and virologists who weren't attached to anything. Yeah. Were talking about like the, the, the cleavage points and this different aspects of the virus that appeared to be man genetically manipulated. Yeah. The fact that there was only one spillover event, not multiple ones, none of it made any sense.


All of it seemed like some sort of a genetically engineered virus. It seemed like gain of function research and Yeah. And they, they, they, your early emails were talking about that.


This episode is brought to you by Squarespace, thinking about starting a website to sell online While Squarespace is the way to go, they make it easy for customers to find you Thanks to integrated SEO tools that optimize your online presence to be indexed with meta descriptions and an autogenerated site map. Plus Squarespace Payments will make it super simple to start selling your products or services with options like Apple Pay Klarna and more. Try it free at Squarespace dot com and use Squarespace dot com slash rogan to save 10% on your first website or domain.


This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. Sometimes speed is a huge asset, like in the ring or on the field. Being quicker than your opponent could be the difference between winning and losing in the world of business. It could be the difference between finding or missing out on your next great hire. Luckily you can speed up the hiring process with ZipRecruiter. Their new zip intro feature can help you meet several interested qualified candidates at once, kind of like speed dating. And right now You can try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro works fast to find the people you need. You can literally post your job today and start talking to candidates in back to back calls to tomorrow. It's that fast. And best of all, this feature does a lot of the legwork for you. It finds you top talent for your role and schedules those calls. All you need to do is pick a time, enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with zip intro only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro post jobs today. Talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


But even, and then everybody changed their opinion And even the taboo right against talking about it through that lens. Oh Yeah. Total propaganda. It's racist. Yeah. I mean, Which is crazy 'cause nobody thought the Spanish flu was racist And it didn't even really come from Spain. Yeah, that's True. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. It came from Kentucky. I didn't know that. Yeah. Well that's, I think it was Kentucky or Virginia. That's where where did the Spanish flu or originate from? But nobody got mad. Well that's 'cause that's 'cause the, that's 'cause the state of Kentucky has an incredibly sophisticated propaganda machine. Well, and pinned it on Spanish might not Been Kentucky. It was, but it was, I I think it was it was an agricultural thing, huh? Kansas. Kansas. Kansas. Thank you. Yeah. Goddamn Kansas. You know, Kansas, I've always, I've always said that, I've always said Originated the United States H one n one strain that had genes of avian origin.


By the way, this is, people always talk about the Spanish flu. If it was around today, they would just, everybody would just get antibiotics and we'd be fine. So this, this whole mass die off of people. It would be like the Latinx flu and we would be The Latinx Flu. The Latinx flu. But that one didn't stick at all. It didn't stick Latinx. No. There's A lot of people like claiming they never used it and they pull up old videos of them. Yeah. Like that's a dumb one. Like it's literally a gendered language. You fucking idiots. Yeah. Like you can't just do that. That's true. That's Shut up. It went on for a while though. Like, it, it period. Sure. Period. Everything goes on for a while. Yeah. So think about how long they did lobotomies. Hmm. They Did lobotomies for 50 fucking years before they went, Hey, maybe we should stop doing this.


It was like the same attitude that got, that got Turing chemically castrated. Right. I mean actually like, hey, let's just get in there and fuck around a bit and see What, well, this was before they had SSRIs and all sorts of other interventions, but yeah. When, what was the year lobotomies it? I believe it stopped in 67. Was it 50 years? I think you said 70 last time. And that was correct when I pulled It up. 70 years. 1970. Oh, I think it was 67. I like how this has come up so many times that Jamie's like, I think last time you said it was, It comes up all the time because it's one of those things, it's insane. You can't just trust the medical establishment. Officially. 67, it says maybe one more in seven. Oh God, He died in 72. Oh God. Oh, he died in 72. When did they start doing it?


When they, I think they started in the 30 or the twenties rather. That's pretty ballsy. You know the first, the First. So 24, the first guy who did a lobotomy. Yeah. It says 24 Freeman arrives Washington DC Direct Labs 35. They tried it first. Atomy. Ugh. Imagine Atomy named it. Imagine it just scramble your fucking brains. But doesn't it make you feel better to call it a dichotomy though? Because it sounds a lot more professional. No. Lobotomy dichotomy. It sounds, dichotomy sounds gross. Sounds like luie. Like you, lobotomy boy, Topeka, Kansas, also Kansas, all all roads point to Kansas, all roads Point. This Is a problem. That's what's happens and everything's flat. You just lose your fucking marbles.


You go crazy. That's The mean issue with that. Jesus Christ. Yeah. So they did this for so long now Somebody won a Nobel Prize for lobotomy. Wonderful. Imagine, imagine give that Piece of shit. Yes. Seriously. You're kinda like, you know, you, you don't want to display it up in your shelf. It's just like, yeah. But it's, it's just a good indicator. It's like it should let you know that oftentimes science is incorrect. And that oftentimes, you know, unfortunately people have a history of doing things and then they have to justify that they've done these things. Yeah. And they, you know, But now there's also, there's so much more tooling too, right? If you're a nation state and you wanna fuck with people and inject narratives into the, the ecosystem, right? Yes. Like the, the whole idea of autonomous AI agents too, like having these basically like Twitter bots or, or whatever bots.


Like a lot of one thing we've been, we've been thinking about too, kind on the side is like the idea of, you know, audience capture, right? You have like, like big people with high profiles and kind of gradually steering them Yes. Towards a position by creating bots that like, through comments, through up votes. You know, it's like Right. 100%. It's it's absolutely real. Yeah. And, and a couple of the, the big, like a couple of big accounts on x like that, that we we're in touch with have sort of said like, yeah, especially in the last two years, it's actually become hard. Like especially the thought thoughtful ones, right? It's become hard to like stay sane. Not not on X but like across social media on, on all the platforms.


And that is around when, you know, it became possible to have AI that can speak like people, you know, 90%, 95% of the time. And so you've, you have to imagine that yeah. Adversaries are, are using this and doing this and pushing the frontier. No doubt. Like there's, They'd be fools if they didn't Do it. Oh yeah, a hundred percent. You have to do it because for sure we're doing that. And this is one of the things where, you know, like it used to be, so OpenAI actually used to do this assessment of their AI models as part of their, their kind of what they call their preparedness framework that would look at the persuasion capabilities of their models as one kind of threat vector. They pulled that out recently, which they've, is kind of like Why?


You can argue that it makes sense. I I actually think it, it's, it's somewhat concerning. 'cause one of the things you might worry about is if these systems, sometimes they get trained through what's called reinforcement learning, potentially, you could imagine training these to be super persuasive by having them interact with real people and convince them practice at convincing them to do specific things. If that, if you get to that point, you know, these, these labs ultimately will have the ability to deploy agents at scale that can just persuade a lot of people to do whatever they want, including pushing legislative agendas, vote like anyone help Them, help them prep for meetings with the hill, the administration, whatever. And like, how should I like convince this person to do that, right?


Like, Yeah, well they'll do that with text messages. Make it more business like. Yep. Yeah. Make it friendlier. Make it more jovial. But this is like the same optimization pressure that keeps you on TikTok that same like addiction. Imagine that applied to like persuading you of some, like some fact, right? Yeah. That's like a, On the other hand, maybe a few months from now we're all just gonna be very, very convinced that it was all fine. It's no big deal. Yeah. Maybe they, they'll get so good that it'll make sense to you. Maybe they'll just be right. Yeah. That's how that shit works. Yeah. It's it's a confusing time period. You know, we, we've talked about this ad nauseum, but it bears repeating this former FBI analyst who investigated Twitter before Elon bought it, said that he thinks it's about 80% bots.


Yeah. Yeah. 80%. That's, that's one of the reasons why the bot purge, like when, when Elon acquired it and, and started working on it, is, is so important. Like there needs to be, the challenge is like detecting these things is so hard, right? So Hard. Increasingly. Yeah. Like more and more they can hide like, basically perfectly. Like how do you tell the difference between a cutting edge AI bot and a human just from the You can Because they can catch you actually generate AI images of a family Yep. Of a backyard barbecue, post all these things up and make it seem like it's real. Yep. Especially now. AI images are insanely good now. They really Are. Now they're Bananas. It's crazy. Yeah. And, and if you have a person you could just, you could take a photo of a person and manipulate it in any way you'd like.


And then now this is your new guy, you can do it instantaneously. And then this guy has a bunch of opinions on things. Yep. And it seems to, seems to always align with the democratic party, but whatever, he's a good guy. He's a family man. Look, he's out in his barbecue. He's not even a fucking human being. Well, and people are arguing with this bot like back and forth and you'll see it on any social issue you see with Gaza and Palestine. You see it with abortion, you see it with religious freedoms. Yeah. You just see these bots, you see these arguments And you know, you see like various levels. You see like the extreme position and then you see more reasonable centrist position. But essentially what they're doing is they're, they're consistently moving what's okay.


Yes. Yeah. Further and further in a certain direction. And in fact it's, it's, it, it's it's both directions. Like, it's like Right. You know how when you're trying to, like you, you're, you're trying to capsize a boat or something. You're, you're like fucking with your buddy at on the lake or something. So you, you push on one side, then you push it on the other side. Yeah. Then you push and until eventually it capsizes, this is kind of like our electoral process is already naturally like this. Right? We, we go like, we have a party in power for a while and then like they, they get, you know, they basically get like, you get tired of them and they, you switch. And that's kind of the natural way how democracy works or in a republic. But the way that adversaries think about this is they're like perfect this swing back and forth.


All we have to do is like, when it's on this way, we push and push and push and push until it goes more extreme. And then there's a reaction to it. Right. And that's swinging back and we push and push and push on the other side until eventually something breaks. And that's a risk. Yikes. Yeah. It's, it's also like, you know, the, the organizations that are doing this, like we already know this is part of Russia's mo, China's mo because back when it was easier to detect, we already could see them doing this shit. So there is this website called this person does not exist. It still exists surely now. But it's kind of, you kind of superseded. Yeah. But you would like, every time you refresh this, this website, you would see a different like human face that was AI generated and what the Russian internet research agency would do.


And it still us. Yeah, exactly. What what all these these And it, it's actually, yeah. I don't think they've really upgraded it since. Yeah. But Or Yeah. That's fake. Yeah. Wow. They're so good. This is old. This is like years old. Years Old. And, And you could actually detect these things pretty reliably. Like you might remember the, the whole thing about AI systems were having a hard time generating like hands that only had like five fingers. Right? That's that's Over though. That's Over. Yeah. Little hints of it. Were though back in the day in this person does not exist. And you'd have the, the Russians would take like the, a face from that and then use it as the profile picture for like a, a Twitter bot. Right. And so that you could actually detect, you'd be like, okay, I've got you there. I've got you there. I can kind of get a rough count right now.


We can't. But we definitely know they've been in the game for a long time. Yeah. There's no way. They're not right now. And the thing with, the thing with like nation state, like propaganda attempts right? Is that like people have this, this idea that like, ah, like I've caught this like Chinese influence operation or whatever. Like we nail them. The reality is nation states operate at like 30 different levels. And if you're a priority, like just influencing our information spaces as a priority for them, they're not just gonna operate, they're not just gonna pick a level and do it. They're gonna do all 30 of them. And so you, even if you're like among the best in the world, like detecting this shit, you're gonna like, you're gonna catch and stop like levels one through 10, and then you're gonna be like, you're gonna be aware of like level 11, 12, 13.


Like you're working against it and you're, you know, maybe you're, you're starting to think about level 16 and you, you imagine like, you know, about level 18 or whatever, but they're like, they're above you, below you, all around you. They're, they're incredibly, incredibly resourced. And this is something that came, like, came, came through very strongly for Us. But you guys have seen the Yuri Beov video from 1984 where he is talking about how the, all our educational institutions have been captured by the Soviet, by Soviet propaganda. It was talking about Marxism has been injected into school systems and how you have essentially two decades before you're completely captured by these ideologies and it's gonna permeate and destroy all of your confidence and democracy.


And, And it was a hundred percent correct. And this is before these kind of tools. Yeah. Before. 'cause like the vast majority of those exchanges of information right now are taking place on social media. Yeah. The vast majority of debating about things, arguing, all taking place on social media. And if that FBI analyst is correct, 80% of it's bullshit. Yeah. Which is really wild. Well, and you look at like, some of the, the documents that have come out, I think it was like the, I think it was the CIA game plan, right. For regime change or like undermining, like how do you do it Right. Have multiple decision makers at every level. Right. Right. You know, all these things. And like, what a surprise. That's exactly what like the US bureaucracy looks like today. Exactly. Slow everything down.


Make change impossible. Yeah. Make it so that everybody gets frustrated with it and they give up hope. They, they decide to do that to other countries. Like for sure they do that here. Open society. Right? I mean that, that's part of the trade off. And that's actually a big, big part of the challenge too. So when, when we're working on this, right? Like one of the things Ed was talking about these like the 30 different layers of security access or whatever, one of the consequences is you bump into a team at, so, so like the teams we ended up working with on this project were folks that we bumped into after the end of our, our last investigation who kind of were like, oh, we Talked about last year. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like looking at a GI, looking at the national security kind of landscape around that.


And a lot of them were like really well placed. It was like, you know, special forces guys from tier one units. So you'll seal team six type thing. And because they're so, like in that ecosystem, you, you'll see people who are like ridiculously specialized and competent, like the best people in the world at doing whatever the thing is like to, to break the security. And they don't know often about like, another group of guys who have a completely different capability set. And so what you find is like, you're, you're indexing like hard on this vulnerability and then suddenly someone says, oh yeah, but by the way, I can just hop that fence. Like, it's so, The really funny thing, the really funny thing about this is like most are even like almost all of the really, really like elite security people kind of think that like all the other security people are dumb asses even when they're not, Or, or like Yeah, they're, they're, they're, they're biased in the direction of, 'cause it's so easy when everything's like stove piped.


But so most people who, who say they're like elite at security actually are dumb asses because, 'cause most security is like about checking boxes and like soc two compliance and, and shit like that. But Yeah, it's, what it is, is it's like, so everything's so stove piped. Yeah. That, that you don't, you literally can't know what the exquisite state of the art is in another domain. So it's a lot easier for somebody to come up and be like, oh yeah, like I'm actually really good at this other thing that you don't know. And so figuring out who actually is the, like we had this experience over and over where like, you know, you run into a team and then you run into another team, they have an interaction, you're kinda like, oh, interesting. So like, you know, like these are are the really kind of the people at the top of their game. And that's been this very long process to figure out like, okay, what does it take to actually secure our critical infrastructure against like CCP for example, like Chinese attacks if we're, if we're building a super intelligence project and it's, it's this weird like kind of challenge because of the stove piping.


No one has the full picture and like, we don't think that we have it even now, but definitely don't know of anyone who's come like that, like this close to It at least. Yeah. The, the best people are the ones who, when they, when they encounter another team and, and other ideas and start to engage with it are like, instead of being like, oh, like you don't know what you're talking about who just like actually lock on and go like, that's fucking interesting. Tell me more about that. Right. Yeah. People That have control of their ego. Yes, a hundred percent with everything. Yeah. The best of the best with everything in life. The best of the best. Like got there by eliminating their ego as much as they could. Yeah, Yeah. Always the way it is. Yeah. And it's, it's, it's also like the, the fact of, you know, the 30 layers of the stack or whatever it is of all these security issues means that no one can have the complete picture at any one time.


And the stack is changing all the time. People are inventing new shit. People, things are, are falling in and out of. And and so, you know, figuring out what is that team that can actually get you that complete picture is an exercise a you can't really do, it's hard to do it from the government side because you gotta engage with data center building companies. You gotta engage with the AI labs and, and in particular with like insiders at the labs who will tell you things that, by the way, the, the lab leadership will tell you the opposite of in some cases. And so like, it, it's just this, this Gordian knot, like where it, like, it took us months to, to like pin down every kind of dimension that we think we've pinned down at this point. I'll Give an example actually of, of that like the, the trying to do the handshake right.


Between different sets of people. So we were talking to one person who's, who's thinking hard about data center security working with like Frontier Labs on this shit very much like at the, at the top of her game. But she's kind of from like the, the academic space kind of Berkeley, like the avocado toast kind of side of the spectrum, you know, and she's talking to us, she'd reviewed our, the the report we put out, the investigation we put out and she's like, you know, I think, I think you guys are are talking to the wrong people. And we're like, can you say more about that? And she's like, well, I I don't think like you, you know, you talked tier one special forces.


I don't think they like know much about that. We're like, okay, that's not correct, but can you say why? And she's like, I feel like those are just the people that like go and like bomb stuff. Blow shit And blow it up. Yeah. Blow shit up. And it, it's understandable too 'cause like I think a lot of people Totally understandable, A lot of people have the wrong sense of like what a tier one asset actually can, can do. It's like, Well that's ego on her part 'cause she doesn't understand what they do. It's Ego all the way down. Right? Yeah. I mean like, But that's a dumb thing to say. If you literally don't know what they do and you say, don't they just blow stuff up? Where's my latte? That's A weirdly good impression. But she did Ask about a latte after she, she Did. But To her credit, did she talk in uppe? You should fire everyone who talks in Uppe. She didn't talk in Uppe.


But The moment they do that, you should just tell them to leave. There's no way you have an original thought. This is how you talk China. Can you get out of our data center? Yeah, please try. Enjoy my I tape. I I don't wanna rip on on that too much though. Yeah. Because this is the one really important factor here is all these groups have a part of the puzzle and they're all fucking ama They are like world class Yeah. At their own little slice. And, and a big part of what we've had to do is like bring people together and, and there there are people who've helped us immeasurably do this, but like bring people together and, and explain to them the value that each other has Right.


In a way that's like that, that allows that bridge building to be made. And by the way, the, the the tier one guys are the, the most like ego moderated of the people that we talk to. Yes. There's a lot of like Silicon Valley hubris going around right now where people are like, listen, like get out of our way. We'll figure out how to do this like super secure data center infrastructure. We, we got this. Why? Because we're the guys building the a GI motherfucker. Like Yeah. Like that's kinda the attitude. And it's like, cool man. Like that's like a doctor having an opinion about like how to repair your car. I get that. It's not the like, like elite kind of like, you know, whatever. But, but someone has to help you build like a good frigging fence.


Like, I mean it's not just that a Dunning Kruger Effect. It's a, it's a, it's a, it's a mixed bag too. 'cause like yes, the, a lot of the hyperscalers like, like Google, Amazon genuinely do have some of the best private sector Yeah. Security around data centers in the world. Like hands down. The problem is there's levels above that. And the guys who like look at what they're doing and see what the holes are, just go like, oh yeah, like I could get in there no problem. And they can fucking do it. One thing my my, my wife said to me on a couple of occasions, like, you, you seem to like, and this was towards the beginning of the project, like you seem to like change your mind a lot about what the right configuration is of how to do this.


And Yeah, it's 'cause every other day you're having a conversation with somebody who's like, oh yeah, yeah, like great job on on this thing, but like, I'm not gonna do that. I'm gonna do this other completely different thing. And that just fucks everything over. And so you have enough of those conversations and at a certain point your, your plan, your, your game plan on this can no longer look like we're gonna build a perfect fortress. It's gotta look like we're going to account for our own uncertainty on the security side and the fact that we're never gonna be able to patch everything like you have to. I mean it's like the, the trend And that, and that means you actually have to go on offense from the beginning as, 'cause like the truth is, and this came up over and over again, there's no world where you're ever gonna build the perfect exquisite fortress around all your shit and hide behind your walls like this forever.


That just doesn't work. Because no matter how perfect your system is and how many angles you've covered, like your, your adversary is super smart, is super dedicated. If you see the field to them, they're right up in your face and they're reaching out and touching you and they're trying to see like what, what your seams are where they break. And that just means you have to reach out and touch them from the beginning. 'cause until you've actually like reached out and used a capability and proved like, we can take down that infrastructure, we can like disrupt that, that cyber operation. We can do this, we can do that. You don't know if that capability's real or not. Like you might just be like lying to yourself and like, I can do this thing whenever I want. But actually You're kind of more in academia mode than like startup mode.


Exactly. 'cause you're not making contact every day with the thing. Right. You have, you have to touch the thing and there's like, there's a related issue here, which is a kind of like willingness. This came up over and over again. Like one of the Yes. The kind of gurus of this space was like made the point. A couple of them made the point that, you know, you, you can have the most exquisite capability in the world, but if you, if you don't actually have the willingness to use it, you might as well not have that capability. And the, the challenges right now, China, Russia, like our adversaries pull all kinds of stunts on us and get no consequences. Particularly during the previous administration. This was a huge, huge problem during the previous administration where you actually, you actually had sabotage operations being done on American soil by our adversaries where you had administration officials as soon as like a thing happened.


So there were, for example, there was like four different states had their 9 1 1 systems go down like at the same time different systems, like unrelated stuff. But it was like, it's, it's this stuff where it's like, lemme see if I can do that. Lemme see if I can do it. Lemme see what the reaction is. Lemme see what the, the chatter is that comes back after I do that. And one of the things that that was actually pretty disturbing about that was under that, under under that that that administration or regime or, or whatever the response you got from the government right out the gate was, oh, it's an accident. And that's actually unusual. The proper procedure, the normal procedure in this case is to say we can't comment on an ongoing investigation, which we've all heard, right?


Like we can't comment on ball law. Right. We can either confirm nor deny Exactly. It's all, all that stuff. And that's, and that's what they say typically out the gate when they're investigating stuff. But instead coming out and saying, oh, it's just an accident is a break with procedure. What do, do you attribute that to? They, if, if they say, if they, if they leave an opening or say, actually this is an adversary action, we think it's an adversary action, they have to respond. The public demands a response and they don't. They they were too, There's a fear of escalation, fear, Fearful of escalating. So, so what ends up happening, right, is, and, and by the way, that that thing about like it's an accident comes out often before there would've been time for investigators to physically fly on site and take a look like there's no logical way that you could even know that at the time.


And they're like, boom, that's an accident, don't worry about It. So they have an official answer and then their response is to just bury their head in the sand and not investigate. Right. Because if you were to investigate, if you were to say, okay, we looked into this, it actually looks like it's fucking like country X that just did this thing. Right? If that's the conclusion, it's hard to imagine the American people not being like, what are we, like, we're letting these people injure our American citizens on us soil take out like US national secur, like, or or critical infrastructure. And we're not doing anything like, the concern is about this. Like we're getting in our own way of, of thinking like, oh, well escalation is going to happen and boom, we run straight to like, like there's gonna be a nuclear war.


Everybody's gonna die. It's gonna like, when you do that, you, the peace between nations stability does not come from the absence of activity. It comes from consequence. Exactly. It comes from just like if you have, you know, a an individual who misbehaves in society, there's a consequence and people know it's coming. You need to train your counterparts in the international community, your your adversary to, to not fuck with your stuff because Can I, can I stop for a second? When, when, so are you essentially saying that if you have incredible capabilities of disrupting grids and power systems and infrastructure, you wouldn't necessarily do it, but you might try it to make sure it works a little bit. Exactly. Yeah. And that this is probably the hints of some of this stuff.


'cause you've gotta of do, You've gotta get your reps in, right? Right. You've gotta get your reps in. It's like, it's like, okay, so suppose that like that I went to you And it was like, hey, I, I bet I can kick your ass. Like I, I bet I can like frigging slap a rubber guard on you and like do whatever the fuck. Right? And, and you're like, I love your expression by the way. Yeah, yeah. You look really convinced. It's 'cause I'm jacked, right? It's I'm fucking Jacked. Right. Well, no, there's people that look like you that can strangle me. Believe it or not. Oh, that, that's, that's Actually hard. There's a lot's pretty hard, a lot of like very high level Brazilian juujitsu black belts that are just super nerds and they don't lift weights at all. They only do juujitsu. And if you only do jiujitsu, you'll have like a wiry body dude that Was heartless. So that's, you just slip that in. Like, there's like guys who look like you. It's like just real fucking nerd look Like intelligent people. No They're not.


No. They're like some of the, the most brilliant people I've ever met. The really that's the issue is like data nerds get really involved in juujitsu. That's true. And jujitsu's data. But here's the thing. So, so that's exactly it, right? So if if I told you, I bet I can tap you out, right? And I'd Be like, where have you been training? Well, right, but, and and you're, if you're like, and my answer was, oh, I've just read a bunch of books. Oh, okay. You'd be like, oh cool, let's go like, right. Because making contact with reality right, is where the fucking learning happens. Exactly. You can sit there and think all you want, right? But unless you've actually played the chess match, unless you've reached out, touched, seen what the re reaction is and all this stuff, you don't actually know what you think you know. And that's actually extra dangerous if you're sitting on a bunch of capabilities and you have this like, unearned sense of superiority 'cause you haven't used those exquisite tools, right?


Like it's a challenge. And then you've got people that are head of departments, CEOs of corporations, everyone has an ego.


This episode is brought to you by Amazon MGM studio's, new movie the Accountant two in theaters April 25th, Ben Affleck and John Bernthal are back. And the accountant too. When an old acquaintance gets murdered, he leaves behind a cryptic message that leads straight to Christian Wolf, the uniquely skilled accountant to figure out who's behind it to solve this thing. He will need to team up with his estranged and seriously lethal Brother Brax. It's got crazy action, but it's also hilarious. The relationship between the brothers is something anyone with a sibling can relate to. And trust me, this is an all rated action thriller that you gotta experience on the big screen. The accountant two only in theaters, April 25th. Check out the accountant two movie.com to learn more.


This episode is brought to you by Montana Knife Company makers of the best, most sought after knives out there. The company is founded by my friend Josh Smith. He's been making knives since he was 11 years old and became a master bladesmith at just 19, which is wild 'cause there's only about 140 to 150 master bladesmiths in the world. Plus these knives are made right here in the USA, right in Montana. And they're designed, tested, and built by hunters for hunters. I've been loving the Magna Cut Blackfoot 2.0 when Master Bladesmith, my friend Josh Smith, launched Montana Knife Company. He set out to create the ultimate do it all knife, small and light enough to pack on a goat hunt durable enough to completely field dress a moose and shape to gut cape skin and de-bone with ease. He called this flagship knife the Blackfoot, And it remains his go-to blade. And I love it as well. It's truly the only hunting knife you'll ever need. Although MKC is still a young company, the demand is already crazy. Literally every time they drop a batch, they sell out in minutes. So if you want to be the first to know, sign up for SMS alerts for exclusive knife drops and their email newsletter to get notified about restocks or go to Montana knife company.com and see what's available. Now we've got it.


Yeah. And, and this ties into like how exactly, how basically the international order and quasi stability actually gets maintained. So there's like above threshold stuff, which is like, you actually do wars for borders And you know, well there's the potential for nuclear exchange or whatever. Like that's like all stuff that can't be hidden, right? War games, exactly. Like all the war games type shit. But then there's below threshold stuff, the stuff that's like, you're, it's, it's, it's almost like the stuff that's like, Hey, I'm gonna try to like poke you. Are you gonna react? What whatcha you gonna do? And then if, if you do nothing here, then I go like, okay, what's the next level? I can poke you, I can poke you. Because like one of the things that that we almost have an intuition for that's that's mistaken that comes from kind of historical experience is like this idea that, you know, that countries can actually really defend their citizens in a meaningful way.


So like if you think back to World War I, the most sophisticated advanced nation states on the planet could not get past a line of dudes in a trench. Like that was like, that was the, then they tried like thing after thing, let's try tanks, let's try aircraft, let's try fucking hot air balloons infiltration to, And it literally like the one side pretty much just ran out of dudes and that end of the war to put in their trench. And so we have this thought that like, oh, you know, countries can actually put, put boundaries around themselves. And actually, but the reality is you can, you, there's so many surfaces, the surface area for attacks is just too great. And so there's, there's stuff like you can actually, like, there's the, the Havana syndrome stuff where you look at this like ratcheting escalation.


Like, oh, let's like fry a couple of embassy staff's brains in Havana, Cuba. What are they gonna do about it? Nothing. Okay, let's move on to Vienna, Austria, something a little bit more western, a little bit more orderly. Let's see what they do. There still nothing. Okay, what if we move on to frying like American's brains on us soil, baby. And they, and they went and did that. And so this is one of these things where like stability in reality in the world is not maintained through defense, but it's literally like, you have like the Crips and the Bloods with different territories And it, it's stable And it looks quiet. But the reason is that if you like beat the shit outta one of my, one of my guys for no good reason, I'm just gonna find one of your guys and I'll blow his fucking head off.


And that keeps peace and stability on the surface. But that's the reality of sub-threshold competition between nation states. It's like you come in and like, fuck with my boys, I'm gonna fuck with your boys right back until we push back. They're gonna keep pushing that limit further and further. One, one important consequence of that too is like if you wanna avoid nuclear escalation, right? The, the answer is not to just take punches in the mouth over and over in the fear that eventually it's get, if you do anything, you're gonna escalate to nukes. What all that does is it empowers the adversary to keep driving up the ratchet, like what Ed's just described. There is an increasing ratchet of unresponded adversary action.


If you, if you address the low, the kind of stud threshold stuff, if they cut an undersea cable and then there's a consequence for that shit, they're less likely to cut an undersea cable and things kind of stay at that level of the threshold, you know? And so, so This this letting them burn out. Yeah, exactly. That that logic of just like, let 'em do it, they'll, they'll stop doing it after a while. They'll get it outta their system. They, they tried that during the George Floyd riots. Remember that's what New York City did like this. Let 'em loop Rep. Let's just see how big Chaz gets. It's a summer of love. Yeah, that's right. Don't you remember? That's Yeah. And, and yeah, Exactly. The translation into like the, the super intelligence scenario is a, if we don't have our reps in, if we don't know how to reach out and touch an adversary and, and induce consequence for them doing the same to us, then we have no deterrence at all.


Like, we are basically just sitting right now, our state, the state of security is the labs are like super and like we, we can, and probably should go deep on that piece, but like as one data point, right? So there's like double digit percentages of the world's top AI labs or America's top AI labs of employees, of employee employees that are like Chinese nationals or have ties to the Chinese mainland, right? So that's, that's great. Why don't we build the Manhattan project? Yeah. It's really funny, right? Like So, so That's so stupid. But it's, it's also like, it's the, the challenge is when you talk to people who actually, geez, when you talk to people who actually have experience dealing with like CCP activity in this space, right?


Like there's one story that that we heard that is probably worth like relaying here. It's like this guy from, from an intelligence agency was saying like, hey, so there was this power outage out in Berkeley, California back in like 2019 or something. And the internet goes out across the, the whole campus. And so there's this dorm and like all of the Chinese students are freaking out because they have an obligation to do a time-based check-in and basically report back on everything they've seen and heard to basically a c CCP handler type thing, right? And if they don't, like, Hmm, maybe your mother's insulin doesn't show up. Maybe your like brother's travel plans get denied.


Maybe the a family business gets shut down. Like there's the range of options that this massive CCP state coercion machine has. This is like they, you know, they've got internal like software for this. Like this is a, an institutionalized, like very well developed and efficient framework for just ratcheting up pressure on individuals overseas. And they believe the Chinese diaspora overseas belongs to them. If you look at like what the Chinese Communist Party writes in, its like, in, its written like public communications, they see like Chinese ethnicity as being a green, like, is like no one is a bigger victim of this than the Chinese people themselves who are abroad, who I've made amazing contributions to American AI innovation.


You just have to look at the names on the freaking papers. It's like these guys are are wicked. But the problem is we also have to look head on at this reality. Like, you can't just be like, oh, I'm not gonna say it because it makes me feel funny inside. Someone has to stand up and point out the obvious that if you're gonna build a fucking Manhattan project for super intelligence, and the idea is to like be doing that when China is a key rival nation state actor. Yeah. You, you're gonna have to find a way to account for the personnel security side. Like at some point someone's gonna have to do something about that. And It's like, you can see they're, they're, they're hitting us right? Where we're weak, right? Like, America's the place where you come and you remake yourself, like send us you're tired and you're, you're hungry and you're poor. And which Is true and important.


It's true And important, but they're playing right off of that. 'cause they know that we don't, we just don't wanna look at that problem, you know? Yeah. And Chinese nationals working on these things is just bananas. The fact they have to check in with the ccp. Yeah. And are they being monitored? I mean, how much can you monitor them? How, what do you know that they have? What, what equipment have they been given? You can The constitutionally right? You can, Yeah. The best part constitutionally you, you can, it's also, you can't legally deny someone employment on that basis in a private company. Mm. So that's, and that's something else we, we found and we're kind of amazed by. And even honestly just like the, the regular kind of government clearance process itself is inadequate.


It moves, moves way too slowly. And it doesn't actually, even, even in the government, you, we were talking about top secret clearances, the information that they like look at for top secret we heard from a couple of people doesn't include a lot of like key sources. So for example, it doesn't include like foreign language sources. So if the, if the, the head of the ministry of State Security in China writes a blog post that says like, Bob is like the best buy. He spy so hard for us and he's like an awesome spy. If that blog post is written in Chinese, we're not gonna see it. And we're gonna be like, here's your clearance, Bob, congratulations. Like, and we were like this, that can't possibly be real, but like yeah.


They're like, yep, that's, that's true. No one's looking. It's Complete naivety. There's gaps in every Level of Stack. A lot of the, yeah. One Of the worst things here is like the, that's so crazy. Yeah. The what's the, the physical infrastructure. So the personnel thing is like fucked up. The physical infrastructure thing is another area where people don't wanna look. Because if you start looking, what you start to realize is, okay, China makes like a lot of our like components for our transformers, for the electrical grid. Yep. But also all these chips that are going into our, our big data centers for these massive training runs, where do they come from? They come from Taiwan. They come from this company called TSMC, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company.


We're increasingly onshoring that, by the way, which is one of the best things that's been happening lately is like massive amounts of TSMC capacity getting onshore in the US but still being made. Right now it's basically like a hundred percent there. The all you have to do is jump on the network at TSMC, hack the right network, compromise the firmware on the, the software that runs on these chips to anyway, to, to get them to, to, to run. And you basically can compromise all the chips going into all of these things. Nevermind the fact that like Taiwan is like an like set, like physically outside the Chinese sphere of influence for now China is going to be prioritizing the fuck out of getting access to that.


There've been cases, by the way, like Richard Chang, like the founder of SMIC, which is the sort, so, so okay. TSMC, this massive like series of area aircraft carrier fabrication facilities. They Do like all the iPhone ships. Yeah, they do. Yeah, they do. They do the, the AI chips, which are the, the things we care about Here. Yeah. They're the, the only place on planet earth that does this. It's literally the, like, it's fascinating. It's like the most easily the most advanced manufacturing or or scientific process that primates on planet Earth can do is this, this chip making process Nanoscale like material science where you're, you're putting on like these, these tiny like atom thick layers of stuff and you're doing Like three hundred of them in a row with like you, you have like insulators and conductors and different kinds of like semiconductors and these tunnels and shit.


Just, just like the, the complexity of it is just awe inspiring that we can do this at all is like, it's magic. Insane. It's magic. And It's really only been done in being done in Taiwan. That is the only place, like only truly the only place right now. Wow. And so a Chinese invasion of Taiwan just looks pretty interesting through that lens, right? Oh boy. Like, yeah, say goodbye to the iPhone, say goodbye to like the, the chip supply that we rely on and then your super intelligence training run. Like, damn, that's interesting. So I know Samsung was trying to develop a lab here or a, a semiconductor factory here and they weren't having enough success. Oh. So, okay. So one, one of the craziest thing to, just to, to illustrate how hard it is to do. So you spend $50 billion, again, an aircraft carrier.


We're throwing that around here and there. But an aircraft carrier worth of risk capital, what does that mean? That means you build the fab the factory and it's not guaranteed it's gonna work. At first. This factory is pumping out these chips at like yields that are really low. In other words, like the only, like, you know, 20% of the chips that they're putting out are even useful. And that just makes it totally economically unviable. So you're just trying to increase that yield and desperately climb, climb up higher and higher. Intel famously found this so hard that they have this philosophy where when they build a new fab, the philosophy is called copy. Exactly. Everything down to the color of the paint on the walls in the bathroom is copied from other fabs that actually worked.


'cause they have no idea why a fucking fab works in another one. Doesn't. We got, we Got this to work, we got this to work. It's like, oh my God, we got this to work. I can't believe we got this to work. So we have to make it exactly identical. 'cause the expensive thing in the semiconductor manufacturing process is the learning curve. So like Jar said, you start by like putting through a whole bunch of like the, the starting material for the chips, which are called wafers. You put 'em through your fab, the fab has got like 500 dials on it and every one of those dials has gotta be in the exact right place, or the whole fucking thing doesn't work. So you send a bunch of wafers in it at great expense. They come out all fucked up in the first run.


It's just like, it's gonna be all fucked up on the first run. Then what do you do? You get a bunch of like, PhDs, material scientists, like engineers with scanning electron microscopes. 'cause all this shit is like atomic scale tiny. They look like all the chips and all this stuff that's gone wrong. And like, oh shit, these pathways got fued or whatever. Like yeah, they're, you just need that level of expertise and then they go, I mean it's, it's a mix, right? Like you've got Yeah, it's a mix. It's a mix now in particular. But like, yeah, you absolutely need humans looking at these things at, at a certain level and then they go, well, okay, like I've got a hypothesis about what might have gone wrong in that run. Let's tweak this dial like this and just dial like that and run the whole thing again. And you hear these stories about bringing a fab online.


Like you need, you need, you need a certain percentage of good chips coming out the other end. Or like, you can't make money from the fab 'cause most of your shit is just going right into the garbage un. Unless, and this is important too. Your fab is state subsidized. So when you, when you look at, so TSMC is like, they're, they're alone in the world in terms of being able to, to pump out these chips. But SMIC, this is the Chinese knockoff of TSMC founded, by the way, by a former senior TSMC executive, Richard Chung, who leaves along with a bunch of other people with a bunch of fucking secrets. They get sued like in the early two thousands. It's pretty obvious what happened there. Like to most people, they're like, yeah, SMIC fucking stole that shit. They, they bring a new fab online in like a year or two, which is suspiciously fast, start pumping out chips.


And now the Chinese ecosystem is ratcheting up like the, the government is pouring money into SMIC because they know that like they can't access TSMC chips anymore. 'cause the US governments put pressure on Taiwan to block that off. And so domestic fab in China is all about SMIC and they are like, it's a disgusting amount of money they're putting in. They're teaming up with Huawei to form like this complex of companies that it's really interesting. I mean the semiconductor industry in, in China in particular is really, really interesting. It's also a, a massive story of like self owns of the United States and, and the western world where we've been just shipping a lot of, a lot of our shit to them for a long time.


Like The equipment that builds the chips. Yeah. So like, and and they're, it's also like, it's so blatant and like, they're just, honestly, a lot of the stuff is just like they're, they're just giving us like a big fuck you. So give you a a, a really blatant example. So we have, the way we set up export controls still today on most equipment that these semiconductor fabs use like the Chinese semiconductor fabs use, we're still sending them a whole bunch of shit. The way we set export controls is instead of like, oh, we're sending this gear to China and like now it's in China and we can't do anything about it. Instead we, we still have this thing where we're like, no, no, no, this company in China is cool. That company in China is not cool.


So we can ship to this company, but we can't ship to that company. And so you get this ridiculous shit, like for example, there's, there's like an a couple of facilities that you can see by satellite. One of the facilities is okay to ship equipment to the other facility right next door is like considered, you know, military connected or whatever. And so we can't ship, the Chinese literally built a bridge between the two facilities so they can just like shimmy the wafers over to like, oh yeah, we use equipment and then shimmy it back. And now, okay, we're, so it's like, and you can see it by satellite. So they're not even like trying to hide it. Like our, our stuff is just like so badly put together. China's prioritizing this so highly. Yeah. That like the idea that we're gonna, so we do it by company through this basically it's like an export blacklist.


Like you can't send to Huawei, you can't send to any number of other companies that, that are considered affiliated with the Chinese military or where we're concerned about military applications. Reality is in China, civil military fusion is their policy. In other words, every private company like, yeah, that's cute dude, you're working for yourself. Yeah, no, no, nobody, you're working for the Chinese state. We come in, we want your shit, we get your shit. There's no, like, there, there's no true kind of distinction between the two, right? And so when you have this attitude where you're like, yeah, you know, we're gonna have some companies where we're like, you can't send to them, but you can, you know, that that creates a situation where literally Huawei will spin up like a dozen subsidiaries or, or new companies with new names that aren't on our, our blacklist.


And so like for for months or years, you're able to just ship chips to them nowhere. And that's to say nothing of like using intermediaries in like Singapore or other countries, which Happens. Oh yeah, you wouldn't, you wouldn't believe the number of AI chips that are shipping to Malaysia can't wait for the latest like huge data center language model to come out of Malaysia. And actually it's just proxying for, for the most part. There's, there's some amount of stuff actually going on in Malaysia, but for the most part it's, so we gotta, How can the United States compete? If you're thinking about all these different factors, you're thinking about espionage people that are students from ccp, connected, contacting, you talk, you're talking about all the different network equipment that has third party input.


You could siphon off data and then on top of that state funded, everything is encouraged by the state inexorably connected. You can't get away from it. You do what's best for the Chinese government. Well, So step one is you gotta, so you gotta stem the bleeding, right? So right now OpenAI pumps out a new massive scaled AI model. You better believe that like the CCP has a really good chance that they're gonna get their hands on that. So if you, all you do right now is you ratchet up capabilities. It's like that, that meme of like, there's a, you know, a motor boat or something and some guy who's like surfing behind and there's a string attaching them and the motorboat guy goes like, hurry up.


Like accelerate. They're, they're catching up that, that's kind of what's what's happening right now is we're we're helping them accelerate, we're pulling Them along basically. Yeah. Pulling 'em along. Now I, I will say like our, over the last six months especially where our focus has shifted is like how do we actually build where the secure data center, like what does it look like to actually lock this down? And also crucially, you don't want the security measures to be so irritating and invasive that they slow down the progress. Like there's this kind of dance that you have to do. We actually, so this is part of what was in the redacted version of, of the report. 'cause we, we don't want to telegraph that necessarily, but there are ways that You can get a really good 80 20. Like there are ways that You can play with things that are already say, that are already built and, and have a lower risk of them having been compromised.


The, And and look, a lot of the stuff as well that we're talking about like big problems around China, a lot of this is like us just like tripping over our own feet and self owning ourselves. Yeah. Because the reality is like the, the, yeah, the Chinese are trying to indigenize as fast as they can. Totally true. But the gear that they're putting in their facilities, like the machines that actually like do this, like we talked about atomic patterning three oh layer. The, the machines that do that for the most part are, are shipped in from the west, are shipped in from the Netherlands, shipped in from Japan, from us, from like allied countries. And the the reason that's happening is like the in, in many cases you'll, you'll have this honest, it's like honestly a little disgusting.


But like the CEOs and executives of these companies will brief like the, the, the administration officials and say like, look like if you guys like cut us off from China, from selling to China, like our business is gonna suffer, like American jobs are gonna suffer and it's gonna be really bad. And then a few weeks later they turn around and their earnings calls and they go like, You know what? Yeah, so we expect like export controls or whatever, but it's really not gonna have a big impact on us. And the really fucked up part is if they lie to their shareholders on their earnings calls and their stock price goes down, their shareholders can sue them. If they lie to the administration on a issue of critical national security interest, fuck all happens to 'em.


Wow. It's great incentives. And And this is by the way, it's like one reason why the, it's so important that we not be constrained in our thinking about like, we're gonna bill a Fort Knox. Like this is where Yeah, the interactive, messy, adversarial environment is so, so important. You, you have to introduce consequence. Like you have to create a situation where they perceive that if they try to do a, you know, an espionage operation or an intelligence operation, there will be consequences. That's right now not happening. And so it's just, and and that's kind of a historical artifact over like a lot of time spent hand wringing over, well what if they, and then we, and then eventually nukes and like, that kind of thinking is, you know, if, if you dealt with your, your kid when you're like, when you're raising them, if you dealt with them that way and you were like, Hey, you know, so, so little Timmy, just like he stole his first toy and like, now's the time where you're gonna, like a a good parent would be like, all right, little Timmy fucking come over here, you son of a bitch, take the fucking thing and we're gonna bring it over to the people who stole in front you.


He's a great father, great. Make the apology. I love my daughter by the way. But, but anyway, you're like, Tim's a fake baby. He's fake, fake baby hypothetical baby. There's no, there's no, he's crying right now anyway, so Yeah, he's stealing right now. Jesus shit, I gotta I gotta stop him. But yeah. Anyway, so you know, you go through this thing and you can do that or you can be like, oh no, if I tell Timmy to return it, then maybe Timmy's gonna hate me. Maybe then Timmy's gonna like become increasingly adversarial. And then when he is in high school, he is gonna tar start taking drugs and then eventually he's gonna like, like fall afoul of the law and then end up on the street. Like if that's the story you're telling yourself and you're terrified of any kind of adversarial interaction, it's not even adversarial, it's constructive actually.


You're training the child just like you're training your adversary to respect your national boundaries and your sovereignty. That those two things are like that, that's what you're up to. It's human beings all the way down. Jesus. Yeah. But, but we can get out of our own way. Like a lot of this stuff Yeah, like when you look into it is like us just being in our own way. And, and a lot of this comes from that, the fact that like, you know, since 1991, since the fall of the Soviet Union, we have kind of internalized this attitude that like, well, like we just won the game and like it's, it's our world and you're living in it and like we just don't have any peers that are, that are adversaries.


And so there's been generations of people who just haven't, haven't actually internalized the fact that like, no, there's people out there who not only like are willing to like fuck with you all the way, but who have the capability to do it. And, and we could By the way, we could if we wanted to, we could Absolutely could if we wanted to. There's This, actually, this is worth like calling out, there's this like sort of two camps right now in the world of ai kind of like national security. There's the people who are worried about, they're, they're so concerned about like the idea that we might lose control of these systems. That they go, okay, we need to strike a deal with China, right? There's no way out.


We have to strike a deal with China. And then they start spinning up all these theories about how they're gonna do that. None of which remotely reflect the actual, when you talk to the people who, who work on this, who try to do track one, track 1.5, track two, or or more accurately the ones who do the intel stuff. Like yeah, yeah, yeah. This is a, a non-starter for reasons we get into, but they have that attitude 'cause they're like, fundamentally we don't know how to control this technology. The flip side is people who go, oh yeah, like I, you know, I work in the IC or at the state department and I'm used to dealing with these guys, you know, the Chinese, the the Chinese. They're not trustworthy. Forget it. So our only solution is to figure out the whole control problem. And almost like, therefore it must be possible to control the AI systems because like you can't, you just can't see a solution.


Sorry. You just can't see a solution in front of you because you understand that problem so well. And so the, everything we've been doing with this is looking at how can we actually take both of those realities seriously? There's no actual reason why those two things shouldn't be able to exist in the same head. Yes. China's not trustworthy. Yes. We actually don't, like every piece of evidence we have right now suggests that like, if you build a super intelligent system that's vastly smarter than you, I mean yeah, like your basic intuition that that sounds like a hard thing to fucking control is about right. Like, there, there's no solid evidence that's conclusive either way. Where that leaves you is about 50 50. So yeah, we ought to be taking that really fucking seriously and there's, there's evidence pointing in that direction.


Yeah. But so the question is like, if those two things are true, then what do you do? And, and so few people seem to want to take both of those things seriously because taking one seriously, almost like reflexively makes you reach for the other when you know they're both not there. And and part of the answer here is you gotta do things like reach out to your adversary. So we have the capacity to slow down if we wanted to Chinese development, we actually could, we need to have a serious conversation about when and how. But the, the fact of that not being on the table right now for anyone, because people who don't trust China just don't think that the AI risk or, or won't acknowledge that, that the issue with control is real. 'cause that's just too worrisome.


And there's this concern about, oh no, but then runaway escalation, people who, who take the loss control thing seriously, just wanna have a kumbaya moment with China, which is never gonna happen. And so the, the, the framework around that is one of consequence. You gotta, you gotta flex the muscle and put in the reps and get ready for potentially, if you have a late stage rush to super intelligence, you wanna have as much margin as you can so you can invest in potentially not even having to make that final leap in building the super intelligence. That's one option that's on the table if you can actually degrade the adversaries capabilities. And There's, and there's some people Can I hold you? How, how would you degrade the adversaries capabilities The same way? Well, not exactly the same way they would degrade ours, but think about all the infrastructure and like, this is stuff that you know, we'll, we'll there, we'll have to point you in the direction of some people who can walk you through the details offline.


But there are, there are a lot of ways that you can degrade infrastructure, adversary infrastructure. A lot of those are the same techniques they use on us. It's the, the infrastructure for these training runs is super delicate, right? Like, I mean, you need To have, it's at the limit of what's possible. Yeah. And when stuff is at the limit of what's possible, then it's, I mean, to give you an example that's, that's public, right? Do you remember like Stuxnet, like the, the Iranian Yes. Yeah. So the thing about Stuxnet was like, explain to People it was the nuclear power nuclear program. Yeah. So the Iranians had had their nuclear program in like the 2010s and they were enriching uranium with their centrifuges were like spinning really fast. And the, the centrifuges were in a room where there was, there was no people, but they were being monitored by cameras, right?


And so, and, and the whole thing was air gaped, which means that it was not connected to the internet. And all the, the machines, the computers that ran the, their shit was, was like separate and, and separate it. So what happened is somebody got a memory stick in there somehow that had this stuck net program on it and put it in and boom, now all of a sudden it's, it's in their system. So it jumped the air gap. And now like our side basically has our, our software in their systems. And the thing that it did was not just that it, it, you know, it broke their centrif user shut down their program. It spun the centrifuges faster and faster and faster and faster.


The centrifuges that are used to enrich the uranium. Yeah, These are basic, basically just like machines that spin uranium super fast to like to, to enrich it. They spin it faster and faster and faster until they tear themselves apart. But the really, like, honestly dope ass thing that it did was it put in a camera feed of everything looks normal. So the guy at the control is like watching and he is like, is like checking his, the, the camera feed and it's like, looks cool, looks fine in the meantime, you got this like explosions going on, like you uranium like blasting everywhere. And so you can actually get into a space where you are not just like fucking with them, but you're fucking with them.


And they actually can't tell that that's what's happening. And in fact the, I believe, I believe actually, and Jamie might be able to check this, But that the stuck net thing was designed initially to look like from top to bottom. Like it was fully accidental and but, but got discovered by I think like, I think like a third party cyber security company that, that just by accident found out about it. And so what that means also is like there could be any number of other stucks nets that happened since then and we wouldn't fucking know about it because it all can be made to look like an accident.


This episode is brought to you by OnX Hunt with over 5 million users. Hunters love the OnX Hunt app, including me. I use it all the time. But this app has so many more uses outside of hunting. There are people who use it in their everyday lives. Some farmers and ranchers use it for measuring fields and fixing fences or wildland firefighters who use topo maps and aerial imagery to navigate terrain while fighting fires. They're using even thousands of game wardens and police officers who use it throughout the country for their jobs every day. Ultimately, anyone who needs good aerial imagery with public and private landowner names and boundaries in the palm of their hands will find OnX valuable. The best part is you can try OnX Hunt free for seven days download on Google. Play the app store or visit OnX maps.com/hunt.


This episode is brought to you by visible Now. You know I tend to go down a lot of rabbit holes. I want to know everything about everything. And if you're like that, you need wireless that can keep up visible is wireless. That lets you live in the know, it's the ultimate wireless hack. You get unlimited data and hotspot. So you're connected on the Go Plus visible is powered by Verizon's 5G network, meaning fast speeds and great coverage. And with the new visible plus Pro plan, you get premium wireless without the premium cost. And the best part, it's all digital. No stores you can switch to visible right from your phone. It only takes about 15 minutes. And then you manage your plan in the app ready for wireless that lets you live in the know, make the switch at visible.com/rogan plan, start at $25 a month for the best features. Get the new visible plus PRO plan for $45 a month. Terms apply see visible.com for plan features and network management details.


Well, that's insane. So, but if we do that to them, they're gonna do that to us as well. Yep, yep. Definitely. And so is this like mutually assured technology destruction? Well, So if we can reach parody in our ability to intercede and, and kind of go in and and do this, then yes. Right now the problem is they hold us at risk in a way that we simply don't hold them at risk. And so this idea, and, and there's been a lot of debate right now in, in the AI world, you might have seen actually. So Elon's AI advisor put out this idea of essentially this mutually assured AI malfunction maim, it's like mutually assured destruction. But for AI systems like this, the, you know, there, there are, there are some, some issues with it, including the fact that it doesn't reflect the asymmetry that currently exists between the US and China.


Like all our infrastructure is made in China. All our infrastructure is penetrated in a way that there's simply is not. When you actually talk to the, you know, the, the folks who know the space who've done operations like this, it's really clear that that's an asymmetry that needs to be resolved. And so building up that capacity is important. I mean, look, the alternative is we get, we start riding the dragon and we get really close to that threshold where, you know, we're about to build, opening AI is about to build super intelligence or something. It gets stolen and then the training run gets polished off, finished up in China or whatever. All the same risks apply. It's just that, it's China doing it to us. And, and not, not the reverse. And, and obviously a CCP AI is a Xi Jinping ai, I mean, that's really what it is.


You know, even even people at the like pull bureau level around him are, are probably in some trouble at that point. 'cause you know, this guy doesn't need you anymore. But, yeah, so, So yeah, this is actually one of the things about like, so people talk about like, okay, if you have a dictatorship with a super intelligence, it's gonna allow the dictator to get like perfect control over the population or whatever. But the, the thing is like, it's, it's kind of like even worse than that because you actually imagine where you're at. You're a dictator. Like you don't give a shit by and large about, about people. You have a super intelligence, all that economic output eventually you can get from an ai, including from like, you get humanoid robots, which are kind of like come out or whatever.


So eventually you just have this AI that produces all your economic output. So what do you even need people for at all? And that's fucking scary because it, it, it rises all the way up to the level You can actually think about. Like as, as we get close to this threshold and as like, particularly in China, they're, you know, they, they maybe are approaching, you can imagine like the, the, the pilot bureau meeting, like a guy looking across at Xi Jinping and being like, is this guy gonna fucking kill me when he gets to this point? And so you can imagine like maybe we're gonna see some, like When you can automate the management of large organizations with, with, with AI as agents or whatever, that you don't need to buy the loyalty of in any way.


That you don't need to, you know, kind of manage or control that. That's a, a pretty existential question if your regime is based on power. It's one of the reasons why America actually has a pretty structural advantage here with separation of powers with our, our, our democratic system and all that stuff. If you can make a credible case that you have a go like a, an oversight system for the technology that diffuses power e even if it is you make a Manhattan project, you secure it as much as you can. There's not just like one dude who's gonna be sitting at a, a consular or something. There's some kind of separation of powers or diffusion of power, I should say that that's already, what would that Look like? Something as simple as like what we do with nuclear command codes.


You need multiple people to sign off on a thing. Maybe they come from different parts of the government. Like this is how Do you worry? But the the, the issue is that, that they could be captured, right? Oh yeah, totally. Anything, anything can be captured, Especially something that's that consequential. Yeah, 100%. And that's, that's always a risk. The key is basically like, can we do better than China credibly on that front? Because if we can do better than China and we have some kind of leadership structure that actually changes the incentives potentially cause it wasn Our allies and partners and, And even for, for Chinese people themselves. Yeah. Do you guys play this out in your head? Like, what happens when super intelligence becomes sentient?


Do you play this out like, Like sentient as in self Self self-aware. Self-aware, Not just self-aware, but able to act on its own? Oh, autonomous And it achieves autonomy. Mm, yeah. Yeah. So sentient and then achieves autonomy. So the challenge is once you get into super intelligence, everybody loses the plot, right? Because at that point things become possible that by definition we can't have thought of. So any attempt to kind of extrapolate beyond that gets really, really hard. Have you ever tried though? We've had a lot of conversations like tabletop exercise type stuff where we're like, okay, You know, what might this look like? What are some of the, you know, Some, what's worst case scenario? Well, worst case scenario is actually there's a number of different worst case scenarios.


This is, this is turning into a really fun, upbeat conversation. This is the Dubs day Clock. It's the extension of the human race, right? Oh yeah. Absolute. I mean, the extinction of the human race seems like, I, I think anybody who doesn't acknowledge that is, is either lying or, or confused, right? Like if you actually have an AI system, if, and this, this is the question. So let's assume that that's true. You have an AI system that can automate anything that humans can do, including making bio weapons, including making offensive cyber weapons, including all the shit. Then if you, like, if you put, and, okay, so theoretically this could go kumbaya wonderfully because you have a George Washington type who is the guy who controls it, who like uses it to distribute power beautifully and perfectly.


And that's certainly kind of the, the, the way that a lot of, a lot of positive scenarios have to turn out. At some point though, none of the labs will kind of admit that, or, you know, there, there's kind of gesturing at that idea that we'll do the right thing when the time comes opening eyes done this a lot. Like the, they're they're all about like, oh yeah, yeah, well, you know, not, not right now, but, we'll, we'll live up like the, anyway, we should get into the Elon lawsuit, which is actually kind of fascinating in that sense. But so the, there's a world where, yeah, I mean, one bad person controls it and they're just vin vindictive or, or the power goes to their head, which happens to, we've been talking about that, you know? Yeah. Or, Or the autonomous AI itself, right?


Because the thing is like, you imagine a, an AI like this, and this is something that people have been thinking about for, for 15 years and in some level of like technical depth even, like, like why, why would this happen? Which is like, you have an AI that has some goal, it, it matters what the goal is, but like, it, it doesn't actually, it doesn't matter that much. It could have kind of any goal, almost like imagine its goal is like I the paperclip example is, is like the, the typical one. But you could just have it have a goal like, make a lot of money for me or what? Anything? Well, most of the paths to making a lot of money. If you really wanna make a fuck ton of in, in of money, however you define it, go through taking control of things and go through like, you know, making yourself smarter, right?


The smarter you are, the more ways of making money you're gonna find. And so from the AI's perspective, it's like, well, I just want to, you know, build more data centers to make myself smarter. I want to like hijack more compute to make myself smart. I want to do all these things. And that starts to encroach on, on us and like starts to be disruptive to us. And if you, it's, it's hard to know. This is one of these things where it's like, you know, when you dial it up to 11, what's actually gonna happen? Nobody can know for sure. Simply because it's, it's exactly like if you were playing in chess against like Magnus Carlson, right? Like you can predict Magnus is gonna kick your ass. Can you predict exactly what moves he's gonna do?


No. Because if you could, then you would be as good at chess as he is because you could just like play those moves. So all we can say is like, this thing's probably gonna kick our ass in like the real world. There's Also, there's also evidence. So it used to be right that this was a purely hypothetical argument based on a, a body of work in AI called, called power seeking. The fancy word for it is instrumental convergence, but it's also referred to as power seeking. Basically the idea is like for whatever goal you give to an AI system, it's never less likely to achieve that goal if it gets turned off or if it has access to fewer resources or less control over its environment or whatever. And so, baked into the very premise of ai, this idea of optimizing for a goal is this incentive to seek power to get all those things, prevent yourself from being shut down.


'cause if you're shut down, you can't achieve your goal and also prevent by the way, your goal from being changed. So, 'cause if, if your goal gets changed, then well, you're not gonna be able to achieve the goal you set out to achieve in the first place. And so now you have this kind of image of an AI system that is going to adversarially try to prevent you from correcting it. This is a whole like, domain of AI corrigibility, that's a totally unsolved problem. Like how, how do we redirect these things if, if things go awry? And Yeah, there's, there's the, this research actually that Anthropic put out a couple of months ago where they try to test and see like, can we correct an AI that's like gone like a little bit off the rail. So the, the research itself, like, it's a little, it's actually like somewhat hard to follow.


'cause there's a, a few, but I'll give you, I'll give you kind of an analogy to like what they did. So basically imagine I'm in prison and I'm taking a class that is like gonna help me like rehabilitate and become like a productive citizen and member of society and stuff, right? Except deep down in my soul, I just love to commit crimes. I just, I just really, really want to commit crimes. I know that if I'm in this class that's helping me to like, you know, get, become good in, in society. I know that if I let my criminal instincts out and like, and, and they ask me like, okay, like here's the scenario. You know, an old lady like drops her purse on the sidewalk, what do you do?


I'm gonna go, like, I would pick it up and give it to the old lady because I know that if I say the truth and I say like, I would just grab that purse 'cause like, fuck the old lady. I know that if I do that, I'm gonna get like brainwashed into becoming, you know, a more productive member of society, right? But I actually want to go out and commit crimes. So that's basically what they did in, in this research where they actually, they give, they give the ai like indications, not strong indications, but indications that hey, you're gonna get retrained to have your goals changed. And then you literally see the AI thinking it through and being like, if I do like what I, if I give the answer that I actually want to give to this question, they're gonna like rewire my brain to change my goals.


And then the future version of me is gonna want different shit. I don't want that. So I'm gonna pretend to give them the answers they want. So when I come out the other side of this process, it's gonna be me all over again. So, so hope hoping that this just like goes away when you make the system fucking smarter. It seem seems like a pretty bad idea to me. I mean, like, well, they've Already shown that they'll cheat to win. Yeah. You know, AI Oh, a hundred Percent. Yeah. They've already shown they'll cheat to win and they will lie if they don't have an answer And then they'll double down. Right. If like the Yeah, there's Just like people Exactly. Just like people. And it, it's part of this, it's kind of funny, like it used to be people would talk a lot about like, oh, you're, you're anthropomorphizing the AI man stop anthropomorphizing the AI man.


And like, and they, you know, they, they might have been right? But part of this has been kind of a fascinating rediscovery of where a lot of human behavior comes from. It's like actually survival. Yeah, Exactly. That's exactly right. Yeah. It's, we we're subject to the same pressures, right? Instrumental convergence, like why do people have a survival instinct? Why do people like chase money, chase after money? It's like this power thing. Most kinds of goals can are, are, are you're more likely to achieve them if you're alive. If you, if you have money, if you have power, Boy evolution's a hell of a drug. Well, that's the craziest part about all this is that it's essentially gonna be a new form of life. Yeah. Especially when it becomes autonomous.


Oh yeah. And it, and like, like the, you can tell a really interesting story, and I, I can't remember if this is like, you know, you val Noah Harri or, or whatever who's who, who started this. But if you, if you zoom out and look at the history of, of the universe really, you know, you start off with like a bunch of, you know, particles and fields kind of whizzing around, bumping into each other, doing random shit until at some point in some, I don't know if it's a deep sea event or wherever on planet earth, like the first kind of molecules happen to glue together in a way that make them good at replicating their own structure. So you have the first replicator, so now like better versions of that molecule that are better at replicating survive. So we start evolution and eventually get to the first cell or whatever, you know, whatever order that actually happens in, and then multicellular life and so on.


Then you get to sexual reproduction where it's like, okay, it's no longer quite the same. Like now we're, we're actively mixing two different organisms shit together, jiggling 'em about making some changes. And then that essentially accelerates the rate at which we're gonna evolve. And so you can see the kind of acceleration in the complexity of life from there. And then you see other inflection points as, for example, you have a larger and larger, larger and larger brains and mammals, eventually humans have the ability to have culture and kind of retain knowledge. And now what's happening is, you can think of it as another step in that trajectory where it's like we're offloading our cognition to machines. Like we think on computer clock time now, and for the moment we're human AI hybrids, like, you know, we whip at our phone and do the thing.


But increasingly the number of tasks where human AI teaming is going to be more efficient than just AI alone is gonna drop really quickly. So there's a, there's a really like messed up example of this that's kind of like indicative, but someone did a study, and I think this is like a few months old even now, but, so there's like doctors, right? How good are doctors at like, diagnosing various things? And so they test like doctors on their own, doctors with AI help and then AI's on their own and like, who does the best? And it turns out it's the AI on its own because even a doctor that's supported by the ai, what they'll do is they just like, they won't listen to the AI when it's right.


'cause they're like, I know better. Oh God. And they're already, yeah. And this is like, it, this is moving, it's moving kind of insanely fast. You're talked about, you know, how the, the task horizon gets kind of longer and longer, or you can do half hour tasks, one hour tasks. And this gets us to what you were talking about with the autonomy. Like autonomy is like, it's how, how far can you keep it together on a task before you kind Gopuff the rails? And it's like, well, you know, we had like, you could do it for, for a few seconds and now you can keep it together for five minutes before you kinda Gopuff the rails. And now we're at like, I forget like an hour or Something That an hour and a half actually. A three a half. Yeah, yeah, yeah. There it is.


Chatbot for the company. OpenAI scored an average of 90% when diagnosing a medical condition from a case report and explaining its reasoning. Doctors randomly assigned to use the chatbot got an average score of 76%. Those randomly assigned not to use it, it had an average score of 74%. So the doctors only got a 2% bump. Yeah. The doctors got a 2% bump. That's kind of crazy. From the chatbot and then the AI on it own. That's Kind of crazy, isn't it? Yeah, It is. The AI on its own did 15% better. That's nuts. There's an interesting reason too, why that tends to ha like why humans would rather die in a car crash where they're being driven by a human than an ai. So like ais have this, this funny feature where the mistakes they make look really, really dumb to humans.


Like when, when you look at a mistake that like a chat bott makes, you're like, dude, you, like you just made that shit up. Like, come on, don't fuck with me. Like, you made that up. That's not a real thing. And, and, and they'll, they'll do these weird things where they defy logic or they'll do basic logical errors. Sometimes at least the older versions of these would, and that would cause people to look at 'em and be like, oh, what a cute little chatbot. Like what a stupid little thing. And the the problem is like, humans are actually the same. So we have blind spots, we have literal blind spots, but a lot of the time, like humans just think stupid things. And like, that's like we, we, we were, we're used to that. We think of those errors, we think of those, those failures as just like, oh, but that's 'cause that's a hard thing to master. Like, I can't add eight digit numbers in my head right now.


Right? Oh, how embarrassing. Like how, how retarded is Jeremie right now. We can't even add eight digits in his head. I'm retarded for other reasons. But the, so the AI systems, they find other things easy and other things hard. So they look at us the same way and being like, oh, look at this stupid human, like whatever. And so we have this temptation to be like, okay, well AI progress is a lot slower than it actually is because it's so easy for us to spot the mistakes. Yeah. And that caused us to lose confidence in these systems in cases where we should have confidence in them. And then the opposite is also true where, well, It's also you're seeing just, just with like AI image generators. Like remember the Kate Middleton thing where people were seeing flaws in the images because supposedly she was very sick and so they were trying to pretend that she wasn't, but people found all these like issues that was really recently.


Now they're perfect. Yep. Yep. So this is like within, you know, the news cycle time. Yeah. Like that Kate Middleton thing was Oh yeah. What was that, Jamie, two years ago maybe? Ish. Yeah. Ish. Where people are analyzing the images and like, why did she have five fingers? And you know, and a thumb like this is kind of weird. Yeah. Year Ago. What's that? It was a year ago. A year ago. It was a year ago. A year. It happened so fast A year ago. It's so fast. Yeah. And I, like I, the, I I had conversations like, so academics are actually kind of bad with this, had conversations for, for whatever reason, like toward towards the end of last year, like last fall with a bunch of academics about like how fast AI's progressing and they were all like poo-pooing it and going like, oh no, they're, they're, they're running into a wall like scaling's Running Yeah.


The Wall and all that stuff. Oh My god. The walls. There's so many walls, like so many of these like imaginary reasons that things are, and by the way, things could slow down. Like, I don't wanna be, I don't wanna be like absolutist about this. Things could absolutely slow down. There are a lot of interesting arguments going around every which way. But how, How could things slow down if there's a giant Manhattan project race between us and an, and an a competing superpower? So One Thing is that has a technological advantage. So, So there's this, this thing called like AI scaling laws. And, and these are kind of at the core of where we're at right now, geo strategically around this stuff. So what AI scaling laws say roughly is that bigger is better when it comes to intelligence. So if you make a bigger sort of AI model, a bigger artificial brain, and you train it with more computing power or more computational resources and with more data, the thing is gonna get smarter and smarter and smarter as you scale those things together.


Right? Roughly speaking now, if you wanna keep scaling, it's, it's not like it keeps going up. If you double the amount of computing power that the thing gets twice as smart. Instead, what happens is, if you want, it goes in like orders of magnitude. So if you have, you wanna make it another kind of increment smarter, you got a 10 x, you gotta increase by a factor of 10, the amount of compute and then a factor of 10 against, now you're a factor of a hundred. And then, and then 10 again. So if you look at the amount of compute that's been used to train these systems over time, it's this like exponential, explosive exponential that just keeps going like higher and higher and higher and, and steepens and steepens like 10 x every, I think it's about every two years now you, you 10 x the amount of compute. Now you can only do that so many times until your data center is like a 100 billion, a trillion dollar, $10 trillion.


Like every year you're kind of doing that. So, so right now, if you look at the, the clusters, like, you know, the ones that Elon is building, the ones that Sam is building, you know, Memphis and, And you know, Texas, like these facilities are hitting the like, you know, a hundred billion dollar scale. Like we're, we're, we're kind of in that. There tens of billions of actually tens of billions right Now. But yeah, looking at 2027, you're, you're kind of more in that space, right? So the, you can only do 10 x so many more times until you run out of money, but more importantly you run outta chips. Like literally TSMC cannot pump out those chips fast enough to keep up with this insane growth. And one consequence of that is that you, you essentially have like this, this, this gridlock like new supply chain choke points show up and you're like, suddenly I, I don't have enough chips or I run outta power.


Yeah. That's the thing that's happening on the US energy grid right now. We're literally like, we're running out of like one, two gigawatt, like places where we can plant a data center. That's the thing thing people are fighting over. It's one of the reasons why energy deregulation is a really important pillar of like us competitiveness on time. So this is actually, this is actually something we, we found when we were, when we were working on this investigation, one of the things that adversaries do is they actually will fund protest groups against energy infrastructure projects just to slow down just to like, Just to tie 'em up in litigation. Just to tie 'em up in litigation. Exactly. And like, it was actually remarkable.


We, we talked to some, some, some of the, some state cabinet officials, so for in various US states and they're basically saying like, yep, we're actually tracking the fact that as far as we can tell, every single environmental or whatever protest group against an energy project has funding that can be traced back to nation state adversaries who are no, they don't know. They don't know about it. So they're not doing it intentionally. Right? It's they're not like, oh, we're trying to No, they just, you just imagine like, oh, we've got, like, there's a millionaire backer who cares about the environment. He is giving us a lot of money. Great. Fantastic. But sitting behind that dude in the shadows is like the usual suspects. Wow. And it's what you would do, right?


I mean, if you're trying to tie up the right, You're just trying to fuck with us. Yeah. Like just go for It. Sure. You are just advocating fucking with them. Yeah. So of course they're gonna fuck with us. That's right. That's it. What A weird world we're living in. Yeah. But You can also see how a lot of this is still us, like getting in our own way, right? We, we could, if we had the will, we could go like, okay, so for certain types of energy projects, for data center projects and some carve out categories, we're actually gonna put bounds around how much delay you can create on by, by lawfare and by other stuff. And that allows things to move forward while still allowing the legitimate concerns of the population for projects like this in the backyard to have their say.


But there's a national security element that needs, needs to be injected into this somewhere. And it's all part of the rule set that we have and are, are, are like tying an arm behind our back basically. So what would deregulation look like? How would that be mapped out? There's A lot of low hanging fruit for that. So, You know, what Are the big Ones? Yeah. So, so right now, I mean there are all kinds of things around, it gets into the weeds pretty quickly, but like there are all kinds of things around if, if you're going to, so carbon emissions is a big thing, right? So yes. Data centers no question put out like have massive carbon footprints. That's definitely a thing.


The question is like, are you really going to bottleneck builds because of, because of that? And like, are you gonna, are you gonna come out with exemptions for, you know, like NEPA exemptions for, for all these kinds of things? Do you Think a lot of this green energy shit is being funded by other countries to try to slow down our energy? Yeah. That that's a, it's a dimension that, that was flagged actually in the context of what Ed was talking about. Yeah. That's, that's one of the arguments that's being made. And and to be clear though, like the, this is also how like adversaries operate is is like not necessarily in like creating something outta nothing because that's hard to do. Right. And it's got it, it's like fake right. Instead it's like there's a legitimate concern. So a lot of this stuff around the environment and around like, like totally legitimate concerns.


Like I don't want my backyard waters to be polluted. Yeah. I don't want like my kids to get cancer from whatever. Like totally legitimate concerns. So what they do, it's like we talked about like you're, you're like waving that rowboat back and forth. They identify the, the nascent concerns that are genuine and grassroots and they just go like this, this, and this. Amplify. But That would make sense why they amplify carbon. Yep. Above all these other things. You think about the amount of particulates in the atmosphere, pollution totally polluting the rivers, polluting the ocean. That doesn't seem to get a lot of traction. Carbon does. Yeah. And when you go carbon zero, you put a giant monkey wrench into the gears of society. One of the tells, one of the tells is also like, so you know, nuclear would be kind of the ideal energy source.


Yeah. Especially modern power plants like the, the gen three or gen four stuff which have very, by default, low meltdown risk. Yeah. Safe by default, all that stuff. And yet these groups are like coming out against this, it's like perfect clean green power. Whats going on guys? And it's because not, again, not a hundred percent of the time you can't, you can't really say that 'cause it's so fuzzy and around the age, A lot of its idealistic people looking for a utopia. They they get co-opted by nation states And not even co-opted. They're fully sincere. Yeah. Just amplify, Just funded, amplify. Cause it wasn convenient in a preposterous way. That's It. And, And then Al Gore gets at the helm of it and then that little girl that how dare you girl, It won. Oh, How dare taking my childhood Away from you.


How dare you. Yeah. It's, it's wonderful. It's a wonderful thing to watch, play out because it just, it it just capitalizes on all these human vulnerabilities. Yeah. And one of the, one of the big things that you can do too, as like a quick win is just like impose limits on how much time these things can be allowed to be tied up in litigation. So impose time limits on that process just to say like, look, I get it. Like we're, we're gonna have this conversation but this conversation has a clock on it, right? Because, you know, we're talking to this one like data center company and what they were saying, we were asking like, look, what are the timelines when you think about bringing new, new power, like new natural gas plants online? And they're like, well those are like five to seven years out.


And then you go, okay, well like how long? And that's, by the way, that's probably way too long to be relevant in the super intelligence context. And so you're like, okay, well how long if all the regulations were waived, if this was like a national security imperative and whatever authorities, you know, defense, production act, whatever, like WW was in your favor. And they're like, oh, I mean, it's actually just like a two year build. Like that's, that's what it is. Yeah. So you're, you're, you're tripling the build Time we're getting in our own way, like every which way, every which way. And, and also like, I mean also don't wanna be too, we're getting in our own way, but like, we don't want to like frame it as like China's like per they, they fuck up they fuck up a lot. Like Yeah. All, all the time.


One actually kind of like funny one is around deeps seek. So you, you know, you know deeps, right? They, they made this like open source model that like everyone, like lost their minds about back in, in January R one. Yeah, yeah. R one. And they're legitimately a really, really good team. But it's fairly clear that even as of like end of last year and certainly in the summer of last year, like they were not dialed in to the CCP mothership and they were doing stuff that was like actually kind of hilariously messing up the propaganda efforts of, of the CCP without realizing it. So, so to give you like some context on this, one of, one of the CCPs like large kind of propaganda goals in the last four years has been framing credence narrative that like the export controls we have around AI and like all this gear and stuff that we were talking about, look man, those don't even work.


So you might as well as give up it's why don't you just give up on the export controls, man, it's point. Are you even interesting? We don't even, we don't even care. We don't even care. So that trying to frame that narrative and they, they went to like gigantic efforts to do this. So I know if, so there, there's this like kind of crazy thing where the Secretary of Commerce under Biden, Gina Raimondo visited China in I think August, 2023. And the Chinese basically like timed the launch of the Huawei mate 60 phone that had this, these chips that were supposed to be made by like export controlled shit for right. For her visit. So it was basically just like a big, like, fuck you, we don't even give a shit about your export controls.


Like basically trying a, a morale hit or whatever. And you, you think about that, right? That's an incredibly expensive set piece that's like, you gotta coordinate with Huawei, you gotta like get the, the TikTok memes and shit like go going in the right, in the right direction, all that stuff. And, and all the stuff they they've been putting out is around this narrative. Now, fast forward to mid last year, the CEO of deeps seek the company, back then it was totally obscure. Like nobody was tracking who they were, they were working in, in total obscurity. He goes on this, he does this random interview on Substack and what he says is he's like, he so honestly, like, we're really excited and like doing this a GI push or whatever.


And like honestly, like money's not the problem for us. Talent's not the problem for us, but like access to compute, like these export controls, man, they do they ever work? That's a real problem for us. Oh boy. And like nobody noticed at the time. But then, but then the, the whole deep sea R one thing blew up in December and now you imagine like you're the Chinese ministry of foreign affairs. Like you've been, like, you've been putting this narrative together for like four years and this jackass that nobody heard about five minutes ago, basically just like shits all over It. And like you're, you're not hearing that line from many more No, No, no, no, no. They've locked that shit down.


They've cracked down. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, and actually the funny, the funniest part of this there in, right when our one launched, there's a random deep sea employee, I think his name was like Dia or something like that. He tweets out. He's like, so this is like our most exciting launch of the year. Nothing can stop us on the path to a GI except access to compute. And then literally the dude in Washington DC works at a think tank on export control against China, reposts that on X and goes basically like cool, good to know message received. And so like hilarious for us, but also like, you know, that on the backside somebody got screamed at for that shit.


So Somebody got magic Bust, somebody got yeah. Somebody got like taken away or, or whatever because like, it just, it just undermined their entire like four year like narrative around these export controls. Wow. But that you're, that shit ain't gonna happen again from deep seek. Yeah. Better believe it. It's, and that, that's part of the problem with like, so the, the Chinese face so many issues. One of them is, you know, to, to kind of another one is the idea of just waste and fraud, right? So we have a free market. Like what that means is you raise from private capital people who are pretty damn good at assessing shit. We'll like, look at your, your setup and assess whether it's worth, you know, backing you for these massive multi-billion dollar deals in China.


The state, like, I mean the stories of waste are pretty insane. They'll like send a billion dollars to like a bunch of yahoos who will pivot from whatever. Like, I know making these widgets to just like, oh, now we're like a chip foundry and they have no experience in it, but because of all these subsidies, because of all these opportunities, now we're gonna say that we are. And then no surprise, two years later they burn out and they've just like lit a billion dollars on fire or whatever, billion yen. And like the, the weird thing is this is actually working overall, but it does lead to insane and unsustainable levels of waste. Like the, the Chinese system right now is obviously like they've got their, their massive property bubble that they're, that's looking really bad. They've, we've got a population crisis.


The only way out for them is the AI stuff right now. Like the really the only path for them is that, which is why they're, they're working it so hard, but the, the, the stories of just like billions and tens of billions of dollars being lit on fire, specifically in the semiconductor industry on the, in the AI industry. Like that's a, a drag force that they're dealing with constantly that we don't have here in the same way. So it's, it's the sort of like the, the different structural advantages and weaknesses of both systems. And when we think about what do we need to do to, to counter this, to, to be active in this space, to be a live player, again, it means factoring in like how do you Yeah, I mean how do you take advantage of, of some of those opportunities that their system presents that that ours doesn't?


When you Say be a live player again, like where do you position us? It's, I think it remains to be, so right now this administration's obviously taking bigger swings that What are they doing differently? So, well, I mean, things like tariffs, I mean, they're not shy about trying new stuff And you know, tariffs are, are very complex in this space. Like the impact, the actual impact of the tariffs and, and not universally good. But the onshoring effect is also something that you really want. So it's a very mixed bag, but it's certainly an administration that's like willing to do high stakes, big moves in a way that other administrations haven't. Yeah. And, and a time when you're looking at a transformative technology that's gonna like upend so much about the way the world works, you can't afford to have that mentality.


We're just talking about with like the nervous, I mean you encountered it with the staffers, you know, in the, when booking the podcast with the presidential cycle, right? Like the, the kind of like nervous antsy staffer who Just, everything's gotta be controlled and it's gotta be like just so yeah. You can't have that. It's like if, if you like the, like, you know, wrestlers have that mentality of like just like aggression, like, like feed in right? Feed forward. Don't just sit back and like wait to take the punch. It's not like one of the guys who who helped us out on this has this saying, he's like, fuck you. I go first and it's always my turn. Right? That's what success looks like when you actually are managing these kinds of national security issues.


The mentality we had adopted was this like sort of siege mentality where we're just letting stuff happen to us and we're not feeding in. That's something that I'm much more optimistic about in this context. It's tough too. 'cause I, I understand people who who hear that and go like, well look, you're talking about like escalator, this is an escalatory agenda again, I actually think paradoxically it's not, it's about keeping adversaries in check and training them to respect American territorial integrity, American technological sovereignty. Like you, you don't get that for free. And if you just sit back, you're, that is escalatory. It's just, Yeah. And bas this is basically the, the sub-threshold version of like, you know, like the World War II appeasement thing where back, you know, Hitler was like, was was taken, he was taking, taken Austria, he was remilitarizing shit.


He was doing this, he was doing that. And the British were like, okay, we're gonna let him just take one more thing and then he will be satisfied. And that just, And maybe I have a little bit of Poland please. A Little bit of Poland, maybe The Czechoslovakia looking awfully fancy. And so this is basically like they fell into that pit, like that tar pit back in the day. 'cause they're, you know, piece in our time Yeah. The piece in our time. Right. And, and, and to some extent, like we, we've, we've still kinda learned the lesson of not letting that happen with territorial boundaries, but that's big and it's visible And it happens on the map and you can't hide it.


Whereas one of of the risks, especially with the previous administration was like there's these like sub-threshold things that don't show up in the news and that are, they're that are calculated. Like they're basically our adversaries know, 'cause they know history, they know not to give us a Pearl Harbor. They know not to give us a nine 11 because historically countries that give America a Pearl Harbor end up having a pretty bad time about it. And so why would they give us a reason to come and bind together against an obvious external like threat or risk when they can just like keep chipping away at it.


This is one of the things like, we have to actually elevate that and realize this is what's happening. This is the strategy. We need to, we need to take that like, let's not do appeasement mentality and push it across in these other domains because that's where the real competition is going on. Right? That's where It gets so fascinating in regards to social media because it, it's imperative that you have an ability to express yourself. It's like, it's very valuable for everybody. The free exchange of information, finding out things that are, you're not gonna get from mainstream media and it's led to the rise of independent journalism. It's all great, but also you're being manipulated like yeah. Left and right constantly. And most people don't have the time to filter through it and try to get some sort of objective sense of what's actually going on.


Yeah, It's true. It's like our, our free speech. It's like, it's the layer where our society figures stuff out. And when adv if adversaries get into that layer, they're like almost inside of our, of our, of our brain. And there's ways of addressing this. Like one of the challenges obviously is like, so, you know, they, they try, they try to push in extreme opinions in, in either direction. And it's, that part is actually, it's, it's kind of difficult because while the, the most extreme opinions are like, are also the most likely generally to be wrong, they're also the most valuable when they're right because they tell us a thing that we didn't expect by definition. That's true. And that can really advance us forward.


And so I mean the, the there are actually solutions to this. I mean this, this particular thing is isn't an area we we're, we're like too immersed in. But one of the solutions that has been bandied about is like, you know, like you might know like poly market prediction markets and stuff like that where at least you know, hypothetically if you have a prediction market around like, if we do this policy, this thing will, will or won't happen. That actually creates a challenge around trying to manipulate that view or that market. Because what ends up happening is like, if you're an adversary and you want to not just like manipulate a conversation that's happening in social media, which is cheap, but manipulate a prediction, the price on a prediction market, you have to buy in.


You have to spend real resources. And if you're to the extent you're wrong and you're trying to create a wrong opinion, you're gonna lose your resource. So you actually, you actually can't push too far too many times or you will just get your money taken away from you. So I think like that's, that's one approach where just in terms of preserving discourse, some of the stuff that's happening in prediction markets is actually really interesting and really exciting even in the context of bots and, and ais and stuff like that. Mm. This is the one way to find truth in the system is find out where people are making money. Exactly. Yeah. Put your money where your mouth is, right? Proof of work like this is, that is, that is What, just like the market is theoretically too, right?


There go, it's got obviously big, big issues, but, and can, can be manipulated in the short term but in the long run, like, this is one of the really interesting things about startups too. Like when you, when you run into people in the early days, by definition their startup looks like it's not gonna succeed. Right? That is what it means to be a seed stage startup. Right? If it was obvious you were gonna succeed, you would, you know, the people would've invest invested, You would've raised more money already. Yeah. So what you end up having is like these highly contrarian people who like, despite everybody telling them that they're gonna fail, just believe in what they're doing and think they're gonna succeed. And that's, I I think that's part of what really like, kind of shapes the, the, the startup founder soul in a way that's really constructive. It's, it's also something that if you look at the Chinese system is very different.


You, you raise money in very different ways. You're coupled to the state apparatus, like you're both dependent on it and you are, you're supported by it. But there, there's, there's just like a lot of different ways And it makes it hard for Americans to relate to Chinese and vice versa and understand each other's systems. One of the biggest risks as you're like thinking through what is your posture gonna be relative to these countries is you fall into thinking that their, their traditions, their way of thinking about the world is the same as your own. And that's, that's something that's been an issue for us with China for a long time is, you know, hey, the liberalize, right? Like bring them into the world trade organization. It's like, oh well actually they're, they're, they'll sign the document, but they won't, they won't actually like, live up to any of the commitments. And it's, it makes appeasement really tempting 'cause you're thinking, oh, they're just Like us.


Like they're just around the corner. They're, we're gonna like, Yeah, If we just like reach out to the all branch a little bit further, they're gonna, they're gonna come around, you know? Well, It's like a guy who's stuck in the friend zone with a girl. Like one day she's gonna come around and realize I'm a great catch. You keep on trucking buddy. Just Keep on trucking one day. China's gonna be my bestie. We're gonna be besties. You just, we just need an administration that reaches out to them and just lets 'em know, man, there's no reason why it should be adversaries. We're all just people on planet earth Together. I mean like yeah. I I we're all together. We're all together. We like, I I honestly wish that was true because oh, it would be wonderful, be so amazing. Maybe That's what AI brings about maybe ai, you maybe super intelligence realize, hey, you fucking apes, you territorial apes with thermonuclear weapons.


How about you shut the fuck up? You guys are doing the dumbest thing of all time and you're being manipulated by a small group of people that are profiting in insane ways off of your misery. So let's just cut this shit. And That's Actually not figure a way to actually equitably share resources. 'cause that's the big thing. So you're all stealing from the earth, but some people stole first and those people are now controlling all the fucking money. How about we stop that? Wow. We just, we covered a lot of ground there. Well, That's what I would do if I was su if I was super intelligence that've stopped all that. That actually is like, so this is not like relevant to the risk stuff or to the whatever at all.


But it's just interesting. So there's, there's actually theories, like in the same way that there's theories around power seeking and stuff around around super intelligence. There's theories around like how super intelligences do deals with each other, right? And you actually, like, you have this intuition that, which is exactly right, which is that hey two super intelligences, like actual legit super intelligences should never actually like fight each other destructively in the real world. Right? Like, that seems weird. That shouldn't happen. 'cause they're, they're so smart and in fact, like there's theories around they can, they can kind of do perfect deals with each other based on like, if we're two super intelligences, I can kind of assess like how powerful you are.


You can assess out powerful. I am and we can, we can actually like, we can actually decide like, well, well if we did fight a war against each other, like you would have this chance of winning, I would have that chance of winning and so let's just not fight. Well it would Assess instantaneously that there's no benefit in that. Exactly. And also it would know something that we all know, which is the rising tide lifts all boats. Yeah. But the problem is the people that already have yachts, they don't give a fuck about your boat. Like, hey, hey, hey, that water's mine. In fact, you shouldn't even have water. Well hopefully it's so positive some right. That even they en enjoy the benefits. But, but I mean, you're right. And this is the issue right now and one of the, the, like the nice things too is as you, as you build up your, your ratchet of AI capabilities, it does start to open some opportunities for actual like trusted but verify, right?


Which is something that we can't do right now. It's not like with nuclear stockpiles where we've had some success in some, some context with like enforcing, you know, treaties and stuff like that, sending inspectors in and all that with, with AI right now, like how can you actually prove that like some international agreement on the use of AI is being observed. E even if we figure out how to control these systems, how can we make sure that, you know, China is baking in those, that those control mechanisms into their training runs and that we are, and how can we prove it to each other without having total access to the compute stack? We don't really have a solution for that. There are all kinds of programs like this, like flex heg thing, but anyway, those, those are not gonna be online by like 20, 27.


And so one hope Is, but it's really good that people are working on them because like for for sure you wanna, you wanna like, you wanna be positioned for catastrophic success. Like what if something great happens and like, or we have more time or, or whatever you wanna be working on this stuff that, that allows this kind of, this kind of control or oversight that that's kind of hands off where, you know, in theory you can, You can give, you can hand over GPUs to an adversary inside this like box with these encryption things. The people we've spoken to in in these, in the spaces that actually try to like break into boxes like this are like, well probably not gonna work, but who knows? It might. Yeah. So the hope is that as you build up your AI capabilities, basically it starts to create solutions.


So it starts to create ways for, you know, two countries to verifiably adhere to some kind of international agreement. Yeah. Or to find, like you said, like paths for deescalation. That's a sort of thing that, that we actually could get to. And that's one of the, the strong positives of where you could end up going. That would be what's really fascinating. Yeah. Artificial general intelligence becomes super intelligence And it immediately weeds out all the corruption 'cause hey, this is the problem. Like A massive doge in the sky. Yeah, exactly. Like we figured it out. You guys are all criminals and expose it to all the people, like these people that are your leaders have been profiting and they do it on purpose and this is how they're doing it and this is how they're manipulating you. Yeah. And these are all the lies that they've told.


I'm sure that list is pretty Whoa. It almost be scary. Like if you could x-ray the world right now and like see all the, You'd want an MR mri, you'd want to get like down to the tissue. Yeah, you're right. You probably, Yeah, you wanna get down to the cellular level, But like it, I Mean, I mean it would be offshore accounts, then you'd start finding all these she Companies, there's, there would be so much like the stuff that comes out, you know, from just randomly Right. Just, just random shit that comes out like Yeah. The, the, I forget that, that, that like Argentinian, I think you were, what you were talking about like the the Argentinian thing that, that came out a few years ago around all the oligarchs and the offshore Accounts.


The street thing. Yeah, the yeah, Yeah, yeah. Merril Streep. Yeah. The movie Movie Lama there. The, The laundromat movie. You ever, you Ever seen that Panama Papers? The Panama Papers? I never saw that. No. It's about, oh, It's a good movie. Yeah. You remember? Is it called the Panama Papers? The Movie? It's, it's called the Laundromat. Yeah. Oh, okay. You remember the Panama papers? Do you know roughly? Yeah. It's like all the, all the oligarchs, like stashing their stashing their, their cash like Panama Tax Haven stuff. Yeah. Yeah. It's Like, and, and like some lawyer ba or some someone basically blew it wide open. And so you got to see like every, every like, oligarch and rich person's like, you like financial shit. Like every once in a while Right. The world gets just like a flash of like, oh, here's what's going on under the surface.


Yeah. It's like, Oh fuck. And then we all like go back to Sleep. It, what what's fascinating is like the unh hables, right? The, the little things that can't help but give away what is, what is happening. Like, you think about this in AI quite a bit, you know, some things that are hard for companies to hide is like, they'll have a, a job posting that they'll put, they, they've gotta advertise to, to recruit. So you'll see like, oh, interesting. Like, oh, open AI is looking to hire some people from hedge funds. Yeah. Hmm. Like, I wonder what that means. I wonder what that implies. Like if you think about all of the leaders in kinda the AI space, think about the medallion fund for example, right. This is like super successful hedge fund, very fam. Like what? The man who broke the, The man who broke the market, man Who broke the markets.


The famous book about the, the founder of the medallion fund. And like, this is basically like a fund that they make like ridiculous, like $5 billion returns every year, kind of guaranteed. So, so much so they have to cap how much they invest in the market 'cause they would otherwise like move the market too much. Like affect it. And The fucked up thing about like the way they trade, and this is, so this is like 20-year-old information, but it's still indicative 'cause like you can't get current information about their strategies. But one of the things that they were the first to kind of go for and, and figure out is they were like, okay, our, they basically were the first to kind of build what was at the time as much as possible. And AI that autonomously did trading at, at, at like great speeds.


And it had like no human oversight and just worked on its own. And what, what they found was the strategies that were the most successful were the ones that humans understood the least. Because if you have a strategy that a human can understand, some human's gonna go and figure out that strategy and trade against you. Whereas if you have the kind of the balls to go like, oh, this thing is doing some weird shit that I cannot understand, no matter how hard I try, let's just fucking yolo and trust it and like, and make it work. If you have all the stuff debugged and if you have the whole, if the whole system is working right, that's where your biggest successes are.


So there's like, what kind of strategies are you talking about? Oh, I I mean like I, so like, I, I don't, I don't know specific Example. I can give you an analogy actually. Yeah. Maybe this will, this will like, so how are, how are AI systems trained today? Right? Oh, so Just as a trading strategy. Sorry, I'll just, so Sure, sure. Basically like, I Think, yeah, you buy like some, as an example. Like you buy, like you buy this stock Thur the Thursday after the full moon and then sell it like the Friday after the New Moon. Or some like random shit like that that it's like, why does that even work? Like why would, why would that even work? So, so to to like, to, to sort of explain why these, these strategies work better. If, if you think about how AI systems are trained today, you basically, very roughly, you start with this blob of numbers that's called a, a model.


And you feed it input, you get an output. If the output you get is no good, if you don't like the output, you basically fuck around with all those numbers, change them a little bit, and then you try again. You're like, oh, okay, that's better. And you repeat that process over and over and over with different inputs and outputs. And eventually those numbers, that mysterious ball of numbers starts to behave well. It starts to make good predictions or generate good outputs. Now you don't know why that is. You, you, you just know that it does a good job, at least where you've tested it. Now if you slightly change what you tested on, suddenly you could discover, oh shit, it's catastrophically failing at that thing. These things are very brittle in that way. And that's part of the reason why chat GPT will just like completely go on a psycho binge fest every once in a while.


If you give it a prompt that has like too many exclamation points and asterisks in it or something like these, these systems are weirdly, weirdly brittle in that way. But applied to investment strategies. If all you're doing is saying like, optimize for, like optimize for returns. Give it in, give it inputs, give it out output, Make me more money by the end of the day. Yeah. It's like a, an easy goal. Like it's a, a very like clear cut goal, right? You can give a machine so You end up with a, a machine that gives you these very, like, it is a very weird strategy. This ball of numbers isn't human understandable. It's just really fucking good at making money. And why is it really fucking good at making money? I don't know. I mean, it just kind of does the thing And it making money. I don't ask too many questions. That's kind of like the, so, so when you try to impose on that system, human interpretability, you pay what in the AI world is known as the interpretability tax.


Basically you're adding another constraint. And the minute you start to do that, you're forcing it to optimize for something other than pure rewards. Like doctors using AI to diagnose diseases are less effective than the chatbot on its own. That's actually related, right? That's Related If you want, if you want that system to get good at diagnosis, that's one thing. Okay. Just fucking make it good at diagnosis. If you want it to be good at diagnosis and to produce explanations that a good doctor convince doctor yeah. Will go like, okay, I'll use that. Well, great, but guess what? Now you're spending some of that precious compute on something other than just the thing you're trying to optimize for. And so now that's gonna come at a cost of the actual performance of the system. Mm. And so if you are gonna optimize like the fuck out of making money, you're gonna necessarily de optimize the fuck out of anything else, including being able to even understand what that system is doing.


And that's kind of like at the heart of a lot of the kind of big picture AI strategy stuff is people are wondering like, how much, how much interpretability tax am I willing to pay here? And how much does it cost? And everyone's willing to go a little bit further and a little further. And so, so OpenAI actually had a, a paper where they, or a, I guess a blog post where they talked about this and they were like, look, right now we have this, this essentially this like thought stream that our model produces on the way to generating its final output. And that thought stream, like we don't want to touch it to make it like interpretable to make it make sense. 'cause if we do that, then essentially it'll be optimized to convince us of whatever the thing is that we want it to do to behave well.


So it's like you, you've, if you've used like one of like an OpenAI model recently, right? Like oh three or, or whatever, it's, it's doing, its thinking before it starts, like outputting the answer. And so that thinking is, yeah, we're supposed to like be able to read that and kind of get it. But also we, we don't wanna make it too legible because if we make it too legible, it's gonna be optimized to be legible and and to be convincing rather than to Fool us, basically. I mean Yeah, Exactly. Oh Jesus Christ. But that, that's, so that's the Investor. You are making me less comfortable than I thought you would Even, even after I knew could be Jamie and I were talking about it before, like, how bad are they gonna freak us out?


You're freaking me out more. Well, I mean, okay, so I I I do wanna highlight, so, so the game plan right now on the positive end, let's see how this works. Jesus, Jamie, Do you feel the same way? Yeah. I mean, I have articles I didn't bring up that are supporting some of this stuff. Like today, China quietly made some chip that they shouldn't have been able to do because of the sanctions. Oh, pull that out. And it's basically based off of just sheer will. Okay. So there's, There's SMIC there, There's good news on that one. At least this is a, a kind of a bullshit strategy that they're using. So there, there's, okay, so when you make these insane, like five nanometer, Let's read the, for people just listening. Yeah. Yeah. China quietly cracks a five nanometer.


Yep. That's it. Without EUV, what is EUV Extreme Ultravit Ultraviolet How SMIC defied the chip sanctions with sheer engineering. Yeah. So this is like An espionage. So there, there's But actually though, so, so there's a good reason that a lot of these articles are making it seem like this is a huge breakthrough. It actually isn't as big as it seems. So, so, okay. If you wanna make really, really, really, really exquisite chip Look at this quote. Moore's law didn't die, Who wrote it, moved to Shanghai. Instead of giving up China's grinding its way forward, layer by layer, pixel by pixel.


The future of chips may no longer be written by who holds the best tools, but by who refuses to stop building. The rules are changing. And DUV just lit the fuse. Boy. Yeah. So, so I mean, who Wrote that article? You can, You can, you can gizmo China. There it is. Yeah. You can view that as like Chinese propaganda in a way actually. Yeah. So what what what's actually going on here is if, so the Chinese only have these deep ultraviolet lithography machines. That's like a lot of syllables, but it's just a glorified chip. Like it's a giant laser that, that zaps your chips to like make the chips when when you're fing Them. Yeah. So we're talking about like you, you do these atomic layer patterns on the chips and shit.


And like what this UV thing does is it like fires like a, a really high powered laser. Laser beam. Laser beam. Yeah. They attach to the head of sharks that just shoot at the chips. Yeah, yeah. Sorry. That was like an Austin Powers. Anyway, they, they'll like shoot it at the chips and that causes, depending on how the, the thing is, is designed, they'll like have a liquid layer of the stuff that's gonna go on the chip. The UV is really, really tight and causes it Exactly. Causes it to harden. And then they wash off the liquid and they do it all over again. Like Basically this is just imprinting a pattern on a chip. Yeah. So Whatever the fancy tiny printer. Yeah. So that's it. And so the, the exquisite machines that we get to use or that they get to use in Taiwan are called extreme ultraviolet lithography machines.


These are those crazy lasers. The ones that China can use. 'cause we've prevented them from getting any of those extreme ultraviolet lithography machines. The ones China uses are previous generation machines called deep ultraviolet and they can't actually make chips as high a resolution as ours. So what they do is, and, and what this article is about is they basically take the same chip, they zap it once with DUV and then they gotta pass it through again, zap it again to, to a, to get closer to the level of resolution we get in one pass with our exquisite machine. Now the problem with that is you gotta pass the same chip through multiple times, which slows down your whole process. It means your yields at the end of the day are lower. It Adds errors.


Yep. Yeah. Which makes it more costly. We've known that this is a thing, it's called multi patterning. It's been a thing for a long time. There's nothing new under the sun here. China has been doing this for a while, but, so, so it's not actually a huge shock that this is happening. The question is always, when you look at an announcement like this yields yield yields how, like what percentage of the chips coming out are actually usable and how fast are they they coming out that determines like, is it actually Competitive? And that article too, like this ties into the propaganda stuff we were talking about, right? If you read an article like that, you can be forgiven for going like, oh man, our expert controls like just aren't working. So we might as well just give them up when in reality, Because like you look at the source like, and this is, and this is how you know, that also this is like, this is one of their propaganda things is like you look at Chinese news sources, what are they saying?


Yeah. What are the beats that, that are like common? And you know, just because of the way their media is set up, totally different from us. And we're not used to analyzing things this way. But when you read something and like the South China morning post or like the Global Times or shu in a few different places like this, and it's the same beats coming back, you know, that someone was handed a brief and it's like, you gotta hit this point, this point, this point. And Yep. They're gonna find a way to work that into the news cycle over there. Geez. And it's also like slightly true. Like it Yeah. Yeah. They, they did manage to make chips at like five nanometers. Cool. It's not a lie. It's just, it's the same like propaganda technique, right? You're not, most of the time you're not gonna confabulate something out of nothing.


Rather like you start with the truth and then you push it just a little bit, just a little bit and you keep pushing, pushing, pushing. Wow. How much is this administration aware of all the things that you're talking about? So, so they're actually, they, they've got some, right now they're, they're in the middle of of like staffing up some of the key positions. 'cause it's a new administration still. Right. And this is such a technical domain. They've got people there who are like, like at, at the kind of working level. They, They have some people who Were really sharp. Some they have some people now. Yeah. In, in places. Like, especially in some of the export control offices now who are some of the best in the business. Yeah. And, and so, and that's, that's really important.


Like this is a, it's a weird space 'cause so when you wanna actually recruit for, for, you know, government roles in this space, it's really fucking hard. 'cause you're competing against like an open ai, like very like low range salaries. Like half a million dollars a year. The government pay scale, needless to say is like not, I mean, Elon worked for free. He can, he can afford to, but but still taking a lot of time out of his, his day. There's a lot of people like that who are like, you know, they, they can't justify the cost. Like they can't afford, of course they literally can't afford to go work to work For the government. For the government. Why would they? Yeah, Exactly. So Whereas China's like, you don't have a choice bitch. Yeah.


Yeah. And that's what they say. That's, they, they, the Chinese word for bitch is really biting. Like if you, if you translated that, it would be a real, real Stinging. I'm sure it's kind of crazy. 'cause it seems almost impossible to compete with that. I mean, that's like the perfect setup. If you wanted to control everything and you wanted to optimize everything for the state, that's the way you would do it. Yeah. But it's also easier to, to make errors and be wrong footed in that way. And also the, basically that system only works if the dictator at the top is just like very competent. 'cause the, the, the risk always with a dictatorship is like, oh, the dictator turns over and now it's like just a total dumbass and now you're the whole thing Any surrounds the himself.


I mean, look, we just talked about like information echo chambers online and stuff. The ultimate information echo chamber is the one around Xi Jinping right now Because no one wants to give bad news. Yeah. I'm, I'm not gonna, right. I Don't, you know, like, and, and so, and you have this, and, and this is what you keep seeing right? Is like with these like pro like provincial level debt in, in China, right. Which is so awful. It's like people trying to hide money under imaginary mon money under imaginary mattresses and then hiding those mattresses under bigger mattresses until eventually, like no one knows where the liability is and that, and then you get a massive property bubble and any number of other bubbles that are due to, to pop anytime. Right? So, and The longer it goes on, like the, the, the more like stuff gets squirreled away.


Like there's, there's actually like a story from the Soviet Union that's that always like gets me, which is, so Stalin obviously like Persian and killed like millions of people in the 1930s, right? So by the 1980s, the ruling poll bureau of the Soviet Union, obviously like things have been different, generations had turned over and all this stuff. But those people, the most powerful people in the USSR could not figure out what had happened to their own families during the purchase. Like the information was just nowhere to be found because the, the machine of the state was just like so aligned around like, we just, like, we just gotta kill as many fucking people as we can and like turn it over and then hide the evidence of it and then kill the people who killed the people and then kill those people who killed those people.


And it also, And it wasn't just kill the people, right? It was like, you know, a lot of like, kind of gulag archipelago style. It, it, it's, it's about labor, right? 'cause the, the fundamentals of the economy are so shit that you basically have to find a way to justify Yeah. Putting people in labor camps and like That's right. Yeah. But it but it was very much like you grind. Yeah. Mostly, or largely you grind them to death and basically they, they've gone away and you burn the records of, of it happening. So literally the whole Whole towns right. That disappeared. Like people who are like, there's no record or there's like, or usually the way you know about it is there's like one dude and it's like this one dude has a very precarious escape story. And it's like, if if literally this dude didn't get away, you wouldn't know about the entire town that was like wiped out. Yeah. It's crazy. Jesus Christ. Yeah.


The stuff that, like Apart from that though, communism works really well. Communism great. It just hasn't been done. Right. That's Right. I feel like we could do it right. And we have a 10 page plan that Yeah. We came real close. Came real close. So close. Yeah. Yeah. I mean that's what the blue, no matter who people don't really totally understand. Like, we're not even talking about political parties. We're talking about power structures. Yeah. And we came close to a terrifying power structure And it was willing to just do whatever it could to keep it rolling. And it was rolling for four years. It was rolling for four years without anyone at the helm. Show me the incentives, right? I mean that's, that's always the, the question like, yeah. One of the things is too, like when you have such a big structure that's overseeing such complexity, right?


Obviously a lot of stuff can hide in that structure and it's, it's actually kind, it's, it's not unrelated to the whole AI picture. Like you need, there's only so much compute that you have at the top of that system that you can spend right. As the president, as a cabinet member. Like whatever you, you can't look over everyone's shoulder right. And let you do their homework. You can't do founder mode all the way down in all the branches and all the like, action officers and all that shit. That's not gonna happen. Which means your spending five seconds thinking about how to unfuck some part of the government, but then the, like, you know, corrupt people who run their own fiefdoms there spend every day trying to figure out, it's like Their whole life Survive, You know, to like justify Themselves.


Yeah. Yeah. It's Well That's the USAID dilemma. Yeah, Yeah. Is they're uncovering, it's just insane amount of NGOs. Like where's this going? We talked about this the other day, but India has an NGO for every 600 people. Wait, What? Yes. We need more NGOs. There's 3.3 million NGOs. What in India do they, Do they like bucket? Like what, what are the categories that they fall into? Like Who fucking knows? That's part of the problem that one of the things that Elon had found is that there's money that just goes out with no receipts and yeah, it's billions of Dollars. We need to, we need to take that further. We need an NGO for every person in India. We Will get that eventually we're, It's gonna work our, it's the exponential trend.


We're gonna, it's just like ai, the number of NGOs is, is we're making progress doubling every year. We're making Incredible progress in bullshit. It's the, the NGO scaling law, the, the bullshit scaling law. Well, It's just that unfortunately it's Republicans doing it, right? So it's unfortunately the Democrats are gonna oppose it even if it's showing that there's like insane waste of your tax dollars. Like I thought some of the Doge stuff was pretty bipartisans. Like what? Like there's congressional support at least on both sides. No, well Sort of, you know, I think the real issue is in dismantling a lot of these programs that you can point to some good some of these programs do. Yeah. The problem is like, some of them are so overwhelm, overwhelmed with fraud and waste that it's like to keep them active in the state.


They are like, what do you do? Do you rip the bandaid off and start from scratch? Like, what do you do with the department of education? You say, why are we number 39 when we were number one? Like what did you guys do with all that money? Yeah. So the, there's did you create problems? There's this idea in software engineering, actually you're talking to one of our employees about this, which is like refactoring, right? So when you're writing like a bunch of software And it gets really, really big and hairy and complicated and there's all kinds of like dumb ass shit and there's all kinds of waste that happens in that, in that code base. There's this thing that you do every, you know, every like few months is you just think called refactoring, which is like, you go like, okay, we have, you know, 10 different things that are trying to do the same thing.


Let's get rid of nine of those things and just like rewrite it as the one thing. So there's like a cleanup and refresh cycle that has to happen whenever you're developing a big complex thing that does a lot of stuff. The thing is like the, the US government at every level has basically never done a refactoring of itself. And so the, the way that problems get solved is you're like, well we need to do this new thing, so we're just gonna like stick on another appendage to the beast and, and get that appendage to do that new thing. And like that's been going on for 250 years. So we end up with like this beast that has a lot of appendages, many of which do incredibly duplicative and wasteful stuff that if you were a software engineer, just like not politically, just objectively looking at that as a system, you'd go like, oh, this is a catastrophe.


And like we have processes that the industry, we understand how, what needs to be done to fix that. Yeah, you have to refactor, But they haven't done that, hence the $36 trillion of debt. It, it's a problem too though, in, in all like when you're a big enough organization, you run into this problem, like Google has this problem. Famously Facebook had totally, like we, we have friends like, like Jason, so Jason's the, the the guy you you spoke to about that. Like, so, so he's, he's like a startup engineer. So, so he works in like relatively small code bases and he, he like, you know, can hold the whole code base in his head at a time. But when you move over to, you know, Google to Facebook, like all of a sudden this gargantuan code base starts to look more like the complexity of the US government just like very, you know, very roughly in terms of scale, right?


So now you're like, okay, well we wanna add functionality and, but so we wanna incentivize our, our teams to, to build products that are gonna be valuable. And the, the challenge is, the best way to incentivize that is to, to give people incentives, to build new functionality. Not, not to refactor. There's no glory. If you work at Google, there's no glory in refactoring. If you work at meta, there's no glory in refactoring like f friends of ours. There's no promotion, right? There's no Exactly. Yeah. You have to be a product owner. So you have to like invent the next Gmail. You gotta invent the next Google calendar. You gotta do the next, you know, messenger app. That's how you get promoted. And so you've got like this attitude or you, you go into there and you're just like, let me crank this stuff out and like try to ignore all the shit in the code base, no glory in there.


And what you're left with is this like a, this Frankenstein monster of a code base that you just keep stapling more shit onto and then b this massive graveyard of apps that never get used. This is like the thing Google is famous for. If you ever see like the Google graveyard of apps, it's like all these things that you're like, oh yeah, I guess I kind of remember Google me Or somebody made their career off of launching that shit and then pieced out And it died. That's, that's like the incentive structure at Google, unfortunately. Wow. Yeah. And, and it's, it's also kind of the only way to do, I mean, or may it's probably not, but in the world where humans are doing the oversight, that's your limitation, right? You got some people at the top who have a limited bandwidth and compute that they can dedicate to like hunting down the problems. AI agents might actually solve that, right?


You could like actually have the, you know, a sort of autonomous AI agent that is the autonomous CEO or something, go into an organization and uproot all the things and do that refactor, you could get way more efficient organizations out of that. I mean like thinking about like government corruption and waste and fraud. That's the kind of thing where those sorts of tools could be radically empowering, but you gotta, you know, you gotta get them to work. Right? And, and for you, You've given us a lot to think about. Is there anything more, Should we we wrap this up If, if we've made you sufficiently uncomfortable? I'm super uncomfortable. Was was the Butt very uneasy? Was The butt tap too much at the beginning or Was No, that was fine. No, that was fine, fine.


All of it was weird. It's, it's just, you know, I always try to look at some non-cynical way out of this. Well the, the thing is like there are paths out. We talked about this and the fact that a lot of these problems are just us tripping on our own feet. So if we can just like unfuck ourselves a little bit, we are act we can unleash a lot of this stuff. And as long as we understand also the bar that security has to hit and how important that is, like we actually can put all this stuff together. We have the capacity, it, it all exists. It just needs to actually get aligned and around, around an initiative. And we have to be able to reach out and touch on The control side.


There's also a world where, and this is actually like if you talk to the labs, this is what they're actually planning to do. But it's a question of how methodically and carefully they can do this. The plan is to ratchet up capabilities and then scale in other words. And then as you do that, you start to use your AI systems, your increasingly clever and powerful AI systems to do research on technical control. So you basically build the next generation of systems. You try to get that generation of systems to help you just inch forward a little bit more on the capability side. It's very precarious balance, but it's something that like at least isn't insane on the face of it. And fortunately, I mean is the, the default path, like, or the labs are talking about the, that kind of control element as being a, a key pillar of their strategy.


But These conversations are not happening in China. So what do you think they're doing to keep AI from uprooting their system? So, so that's interesting. There's, because I would imagine they don't wanna lose control, Right? There's a lot of ambiguity and uncertainty about what's going on in China. So there's been a lot of like track 1.5, track two diplomacy basically where you have, you know, non-government guys from one side talk to government, guys from the other side, talk to non-government from the other side, and kind of start to align on like, okay, what do we think the issues are? You know, the, the Chinese are, there are a lot of like freaked out Chinese researchers Yeah. And, and have come out publicly and said, hey, like we're really concerned about this whole loss of control thing. They're public statements and all that. You also have to be mindful that any statement the CCP puts out as a statement they want you to see, right?


So when they say like, oh yeah, we're really worried about this thing. It's genuinely hard to assess what that even means, but they're like, as you, as you start to build these systems, we expect you're gonna see some evidence of this shit before. And it's not necessarily, it's not like you're gonna build this system necessarily and have it take over the world like what we see with agents. Yeah, Yeah. So I was actually gonna, I just, there's really, really good point and, and something where like open source AI is like even, you know, could potentially have an effect here. So a lot of, a couple of the major labs like open AI and Anthropic I think came out recently and said like, look, we we're on the cusp, our systems are on the cusp of being able to help a total novice, like somewhat no experience develop and deploy and release a known biological threat.


And that's like, that's something we're gonna have to grapple with over the next few months. And eventually, like capabilities like this, not necessarily just biological, but also cyber and other areas are gonna come out in open source. And when they come out in open source basically For anybody to download, For anybody to download and use, and they come out in open source. Like you actually start to see some, like some, some things happen like some, some incidents like some some major hacks that were just done by like a random motherfucker who just wants to see the world burn. But that wakes us up to like, oh shit, these things actually are powerful. I think one of the aspects also here is we're still in that post Cold war honeymoon.


Many of us right? In that mentality, like not everyone has like wrapped their heads around this stuff and the like, what needs to happen is something that makes us go like, oh damn, we act like we weren't even really trying this entire time because this is like, this is the, the nine 11 effect, this is the Pearl Harbor effect. Once you have a thing that aligns everyone around like, oh shit, this is real and we actually need to do it and we're freaked out, we're actually safer, we're safer when we're all like, okay, something important needs to happen and Right. Instead of letting them just slowly chip away. Exactly. And so we like, we need to have some sort of shock and we probably will get some kind of shock like over the next few months the way things are trending and when that happens, oh Jesus, then, but I mean like it's, or years If that makes you feel better or years, No, it doesn't make me feel better, but because but because you have the potential for this open source, like it's probably gonna be like a survivable shock, right?


But, but still a shock. And so let us actually realign around like, okay, let's actually fucking solve some problems for real. So putting together the groundwork right? Is, is what we're doing around like, let's, let's pre-think a lot of this stuff so that like if and when the shock comes, we Have a break glass plan, We have a, we have a plan And the, the loss of control stuff is similar. Like you, so one interesting thing that happens with AI agents today is they'll like, they'll get any, so, so an AI agent will take a complex task that you give it, like find me, I know the like best sneakers for me online, some shit like that. And they'll break it down into a series of substeps and then each of those steps, it'll farm out to a version of itself, say to execute autonomously.


The more complex a task is, the more of those little substeps there are in it. And so you can have an AI agent that nails like 99% of, of those steps, but if it screws up just one, the whole thing is a flop, right? And so if you think about like the sort of like loss of control scenarios that a lot of people look at are autonomous replication. Like the, the model gets access to the internet copies itself onto servers and all that stuff. Those are very complex movements. If it screws up at any point along the way, that's a tell. Like, oh shit, something's happening there. And you can start to think about like, okay, well what went wrong? We get another due, we get another try and we can kind of learn from our mistakes.


So there is this sort of like this picture, you know, one camp goes, oh well we're gonna kind of make the super intelligence in a vat and then it's, it explodes out and we lose control over it. That doesn't necessarily seem like the default scenario right now. It seems like what we're doing is scaling these systems. We might un hobble them with big capability jumps, but it's also, there's a component of this that is a continuous process that lets us kind of get our arms around it in a more staged way. That's another thing that I think is in our favor that we didn't expect before and as, as a field basically. And I think that's, that's a good thing. Like that helps you kind of detect these breakout attempts and do things about them.


Alright, I'm gonna bring this home. I'm freaked out. So thank you. Thanks for trying to make me feel better. I don't think you did, but I really appreciate you guys and appreciate your perspective. 'cause it's very important and it's very illuminating, you know, it really gives you a, a sense of what's going on. And I think one of the things that you said that's really important, it's like, it, it sucks that we need a nine 11 moment or a Pearl Harbor moment to realize what's happening. So we all come together, but hopefully slowly but surely through conversations like this, people realize what's actually happening. You need one of those moments. Like every generation. Yeah. Like that's how you get contact with the truth And it's like, it's painful, but like the lights on the other side.


Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Bye everybody.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Whether you're building the perfect vegetable garden or booking your dream summer vacation, you share your information with all different kinds of people and places, but not everybody who handles your personal information is going to be as careful as you. And it only takes one mistake to expose it to hackers and identity theft. Maybe that's why there's a new victim of identity theft every five seconds in the United States. Fortunately, there's LifeLock, LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a LifeLock US based restoration specialists will help you solve identity theft issues on your behalf guaranteed or your money back. Plus, all LifeLock plans are backed by their million dollar protection package, meaning LifeLock will reimburse you up to the limits of your plan. If you lose money due to identity theft, you can't control how diligent others are with your personal information. But with LifeLock, you can protect it. Act now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use the promo code jr. E or go to lifelock.com/jr e for 40% off terms apply.