
Joe Rogan podcast, Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Alright. What's happening, man? It's what's going on. It's great to see you. Yeah. Good to be seen. Boy, what a journey you've been on. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's been, I started listening to your audio book. It was giving me anxiety. It gets better, right? It takes a minute, but it, there's a relief for the reader. Well, the relief Is seeing you healthy walking Around. The relief is also, you kind of know the end of the story Yes. Right before you go into it. Right. So then You can really kind of dive into the actual detailed narrative that I, I put out.


Yeah. There's no other way to do it. But, but yeah. It's, it's tough for a minute it was like, wow, my sister, it took her a while to read. And anybody I was kind of involved in the incident takes a minute, you know, look, it took took me a long time to kind of get through it. Right. Yeah. It's, it's anxious for me too. So, So how long was the actual recovery? Because you don't even walk with a limp, You walking. Yeah. Yeah. It's quite, there's, there's a lot. Some things are pretty miraculous. Some things can be explained and something, and I tried to figure it out as I was writing the book, you know, a lot of people ask questions. I asked myself questions. Some things were on my own will. Some things were of other worldly, of some sort.


But yeah, I was given, you know, I was supposed to walk with a limp 'cause pretty much a lot of titanium. And then it was certainly not running. And I'm doing far beyond all those things. Don't know exactly why. I can pontificate on why. And, You know, What do you think of those? I think I, I think it's Will, is, will is a really special thing. And the, the, the love and fuel to, to, to fuel your will. I had in spades. I, I can, I feel like I could pretty much do anything if I set my mind to it. When it was my essential part of my life, my recovery was a 24 hour day job.


When typically I do many, many other things right? As we all do in our lives. But when all my focus, like even parenting, was out the window until I can get better. So I had to do that first. So that being the central part of every thought, every fiber, every cell in my body's was geared towards a one way street of recovery. Oh, I'm getting fucking better her. So I just got better. And there's no, what's the alternative? Wow. You know, I was, I was brought back somehow some way And it would be a disservice to not do all the things I'm supposed to be doing and want to be doing. So it just took a lot of effort And it looked a lot of support.


Took, heck dude. I mean, there's hundreds of people involved in helping me not die again. You know? But then it was, but at the end of the day, the recovery, as you know, you've been, everybody's been injured in some sort of way. It's a, it's a lonely road. It's your, it's only you. No matter how much help you have or PT you have, if you, your tendons go or whatever the heck happens, you still have to put in the work every day and endure the, the pain and manage the pain and mitigate it. And it's, it can be quite lonely. But I always found that the, my, my, my, my daughter and my family, as I see their faces, when I get better, I could stand up, let's say or not pee in a jar. I could get in a wheelchair and go any sort of milestone.


I'd see their faces get a little bit less horrified, even relieved, even quite joyful. Even so, as much damage as I did to my family and their, their, their hearts, me getting better can, can relieve them of that burden. So it was a easy one-way road to recover. And that's why I recovered fast. And I, I attribute it to my love for my family. Wow. So let's bring back to the day of the accident. What, when exactly was it? It was New Year's Day. New Year's Day. New Year's day 2023. Yeah. And I host my family at my house up there, like 25 people every post Christmas to New Year's all the time.


Family, friends, whoever just kind of come up and we can celebrate the, the holidays together, go skiing, all these type of things. But we had a big kinda snowmageddon type snow event that, you know, shut down the mountain that I live on, at the top of Lake Tahoe and about 8,000 feet elevation. And we got just tons and tons of snow. But it happens often. Maybe not that intense of a store, but so much so where we were cut off from anywhere else. We're snowed in fine. I'm prepared for that stuff. Three days without power prepared for it. It's fine. We can have fun. I, it's actually relief. All the cell phones Gopuff, all the iPads go away and computers and everybody's just playing card games with headlamps on. And I mean, it's a riot.


So we had a, a good time, you know, so food supply was still good, but, you know, it's, you know, it's New Year's day and we're getting a break in the weather. So I decided I needed to clear the roads and see, come out for air, essentially. And, and in doing so, that's when the, the accident sort of transpired. It's, and it's not, it's more of a routine type of thing to have a a half a mile long driveway up there. And I have to maintain it myself. So I have a snowcat and a bunch of other snow removal type equipment. There's a bunch of vehicles, snowmobiles, even things that got stuck in the driveway. 'cause it, it was a lot of extra snow And it was very, some of it was very light and then it got very icy and hard. So you're sinking down Like three or four feet into it And it was a hot mess. So had to try to dig all that stuff out, using the snow cap, pulling this stuff out, this thing, a snow cap to describe it in words is pretty difficult.


But it's like a tank. It's probably, I don't know, 12 feet wide, the tracks on each side. So it, so it spins like a tank, like a skid steer. There it is. Yeah. There we go. Some that's, that's, that's a small, tiny version of one. But yeah, it's something kind of like outta Star Wars, you know. But this min or metal track, it's more like that one right there. Oh, you got one like that? That, that's it. That's exactly like the one I have. So it's about like 16,000 pounds or so. And it's, it's very nimble on the snow, on the snow, Just to see it, physically put it back up to see it physically and to know that that's what ran over your leg. Oh, my whole body. Oh god.


Yeah. It was, so you have to step on the tracks you see, to get into the cab to operate it. So stepping on the tracks is, is a normal thing to do. You just don't do it while the things you're operating it. Right. You know, the thing, you drive it and it's just easy. It's a thumb go forward reverse and you're neutral. And that's it. It's really easy to operate. But it was just the, the accident happened because you have to get in and out on the, off on those tracks. And I hit the, the thumb thing and, And it threw me off And it was going towards my nephew. So I had to jump back on and try to stop it from killing him. 'cause it was gonna crush him between the truck and the, and that big blade that I have, I see that thing. Yeah, it's a few thousand pounds, that thing. It's gnarly.


But, so my instinct was to jump back on it and try to stop it, you know, obviously it didn't work out And it got ran over and there you go. What, How much of your body did it run Over? The entire, all of it. Oh my god. I was, because I went, because if I, the tracks were here to jump in the cab, I leaped, leapt up and over to try to grab onto it and got sucked under the whole thing. So the, so that, so the whole length of it just kind of, so there's like a, a set of wheels that turn these tracks you see. And there's like six wheels. So it, so it undulates. So I felt all the Undulate, the first one was the worst, like the pressure and the skull crush and all that stuff. And then it releases. 'cause then, you know, the undulation of the tire and the, the track and you're awake for that.


Just like, like by the sixth undulation. Just like, all right, all right. Just kind of finish already. And you're just like, almost like, you know, you're like, you're drowning and being struck by lightning and bleeding out. It's all the things all at once, man. It's like immense pressure and a movable object And you know, my skull kinda lost out but still survived. And Your skull kind. Yeah. Run over. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's like, it, it's like, you know, yeah. It's everything. It's like, it's 38 broken bones and eyeballs out. Oh my God. And it's shout Out to medical science. I know, right? I mean, and yeah.


I mean all the doctors were like, dude, I don't know how your eye's still operating or still working. But I think because I was on ice, 'cause I did see it and I'm like, well maybe I'm gonna put this eye on ice and just kind of rolled into it because I saw my eye with my other eye. Right. And I'm like, I be able to keep that thing. 'cause I'm on like an icy asphalt driveway that's off of my driveway, right? The top of the road. So, which wasn't really great for impact of getting, get ran over. I wish I was on a snow pack. Could've been maybe a little bit easier. It would push me into snow, right. But it wasn't so I just kind of rolled onto it. Just like maybe I could kind of put the eye on ice until I could figure out how to breathe. Oh my god. You know, I have to sort of laugh at it.


'cause it's weird to sort of think about that, you know. Wow.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats Summer is almost here. And You can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered Catamaran. That's a no lemon meringue. That's a yes. A day in the sun. No. A bottle of rum. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely help you out with that. Get almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You must be legal drinking age. Please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by region. See app for details.


This episode is brought to you by blinds.com. Alright, listen, upgrading your window treatments can totally transform your space And it can help you save on energy bills. Yeah. Blocking the heat out. Keep the cool in. But is it worth the hassle? It is with blinds.com because they changed the game. There's no waiting around all day for a salesperson to show up, just to get a quote, blinds.com makes it easy. Just jump online and browse for yourself or do a virtual consultation with one of their award-winning experts. And you get free sample sent to your house to check out the goods before you buy. Do it yourself. Or let blinds.com handle the measure and installation for you. You can even get all your windows measured for free. No hidden fees, just upfront pricing. Zero Bs. Now's the time to score big with spring Black Friday deals going on right now. In fact, right now they're offering my listeners an exclusive 40% off their entire order. Just go to blinds.com and use the promo code Rogan 40 at checkout. Limited time offer rules and restrictions apply.


So 38 bones. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It was like there a lot of ribs and all my, my spiral fracture and my legs. All my joints were broken. All my, my ankles, my knees, and my, none, none of my spine. And I only got a laceration in my liver from one of the ribs breaking in a couple spots And it went down and kinda stabbed it, but it didn't really mess it up too bad. So that's okay. But all my organs, my brain, I don't think there's any brain damages. I'll use that excuse later, I guess, you know? Yeah. And my spine, that, that's the miracle. It's like, how did I break 14 ribs?


Right. And I crack my skull and every arm and leg and finger and thing. But my spine was spared. Oh my God. And, and all my organs were spared in my brain. It's like, it's kind of almost no harm, no foul at the end of the day, even though there's, you know, probably 20% titanium in my body at this point. But, So how many pieces of titanium are in you? Well, the, the guy that invented this procedure worked, worked at the hospital in Reno because there's a lot of crushing injuries that happened. 'cause all the ski resorts and mines that are in the area. So I got really lucky to get this doctor. But it took four doctors to get to this guy. So, so it says my family, I was out in a coma and, but they went, they found this guy who was on vacation, the mayor of Reno actually called him, said, you gotta get back and help my friend out.


And so he rushed out and he's just like, this is what he does for a living. He's like, oh, this is easy. I can't wait to do this for this guy. Da da. You know? So it relieved on my family. There was such, such relief. 'cause they were like, oh, he's gonna lose his eye. We're gonna cut his leg. I mean, all this kind of tragic sort of prognosis, whatever you wanna call it. Right? So this guy comes in, no, no, it's fine. We're gonna hammer this thing in. We're gonna do this, gonna do his face plate, do thing. We're gonna do this. And just lucky that the orbital bone that broke and the cheekbone that broke, they only wanted to do that because, 'cause my face as, as an actor, maybe you wanna save my cheekbone. I guess I, not that I cared about it, but, but yeah, he fixed up my, my, all my ribs. And they used like, like this mesh and this, he has this sort of weird way to kind of handle, if you'd fix one or two of the ribs that are all broken, the rest will kind of fall into place.


The bone, the body's pretty miraculous. Just give it a little direction and then it heals on itself and it'll grow the bone. So it's not as much titanium in my ribs as one might think for all those breaks. It's only, you know, I mean, it's, it looks like rebar, right? You get a scan, like my, you know, a lot of my body's like, do You have a, an x-ray of Your body? Yeah. Somewhere. Yeah. Yeah. Somewhere. Is it Online anywhere? Well, we could see it. I don't know. Do you have it on your phone or anything? I, no, I don't think so. I could, I could ask my sister for it. She's got, I've been showing everybody that thing. It's, it's, it's pretty, it's pretty remedial looking, you know, it looks like, you know, like I had a hammer and, and a two by four and some nails.


And it, that's what it just looks like. It looks, it's very like, is it, why is there a nail and two screws And, you know, it's, it's carpentry 1 0 1, you know, there's nothing like, you know, I think the guy that, because I had like screws in my skull and my, my jaw. 'cause that broken three spots. Oh. And the guy took it out. Something that he got from Home Depot. Literally. It's like a, some, you know, just, he just took it out. I'm like, dude, it's squeaking. Like it's in wood, you numb it or something. I just knock this guy out. It Just like, It was Unbelievable. Unbelievable. And it was always, I was always kind of half in the, the bag mentally just kind of, because it takes so much mental to deal with, like, pain management and it's emotionally exhausting to deal with like, so many different things in your body.


So I'm always kinda half paying attention to things. You know, my, it's, I'm much sharper mentally now because I don't have to mitigate so much inflammation, pain and all that all the time. So I can kind of be here and laugh with you. But back then when this guy was, I, I almost sucked this guy so hard, dude. But yeah, glad that was, I was really happy to, it was a great milestone for me to get these screws outta my skull. Jesus. But that was, that was worse than getting ran over by the snowcat dude. Really? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. In terms of pain or just discomfort? Well, No, it, it wasn't so much the pain. It's the haunting images of feeling my gums wrap around this screw as he's, And it is pulling out and it's a lot longer than I thought it was.


And then there's three more to go. And it was more the, the visual is in my mind kind of what makes it terrible. You know, the visual, because I remember pretty visual guy. So I don't think anything hurts me so much in a physical way. But the visual is a pretty haunting image. Wow. And the sounds, dude, it vibrates your skull as he's taking it out. Oh. And it's like, ugh. It's just what horror films are made of. Right? It is like saw or something. Is that the only thing that they had to take out? Is the screws that were in your head? Or did they take them outta your body as well? Yeah, No, no, they have to leave those in for the most part because why?


Risk infection and open you up to, for something. Right. But yeah, so all that, all the rest of the stuff stays in until those screws come loose. At some point. They, they will, They start backing out, right? Yeah. Yeah. You think you'd put in a locking screw, Right? I've had friends that have had broken arms and starts poking out of the barn. Yeah. Yeah. It's, And it, They have to get another operation and get it removed. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So how many different plates do you have? I, I think I got, it's only a couple in my face. And they went in like underneath my cheek, a plate for my oral socket. And then for the cheekbone, they put I think a plate or two over there to hold that bone in place.


Do you feel it? I I feel the, the lack of feeling in it. It's still, still numbness to that, this whole side. 'cause they had to cut all these nerve endings right. To get in through your mouth. So even this side of my faces, little slightly little, little, little numb. And the rest of 'em. Do you feel like, how much do you feel in all your different bones and joints and all the different things that got repaired? Yeah. Yeah. That's, it's, there's lots of scar tissue to work through all the time. It's what's great is like, it's not any one spot.


It's like, it, it moves around, you know, even if you're not injured, it's like if you just twist your leg wrong and then it, it goes up into your hip and then it's in your shoulder. It moves around your body kind of, it moves it around. So you just kind of stay on top of it. And there's always something to, to work through, you know, in your body, you know? Wow. And it's just, you know, look, I already have to do it anyway. I'm 54. I know I'm gonna have to take, take care of my health and I just have to make it a very central part of my life. So. And so now do you have full range of motion, full mobility? Everything is back to normal, essentially. Yeah. I don't Know what normal is. You know, I'm gonna be, you know, I, I feel like I'm maybe 110% just 'cause spiritually, mentally, I'm so much better.


I got so many gifts from dying and coming back that, yeah, I'm, I'm 150%. My body will always be, look, my body's aging, so I have to fight against age. Well, recovery is age reversing. It's the same, same stuff that people are doing just to reverse age. I just do it just 'cause it's my recovery and I have to for the rest of my life just to prevent inflammation and discomfort and swelling, things like that. So when you have so many broken bones and so many broken joints, what is the recovery like? Like how did they even get you moving again Day by day? Day by Day. Yeah. Instantly. As soon as I got home from the hospital.


Yeah. PT there and working to just move, keep things moving. You have to, otherwise you lose it, you know, lock up or you lose It. Seeing you walk around today in the studio, would've no idea. Yeah. Yeah. You look totally normal. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's great. It's, it's takes a lot of work And it still working. Look, I was just having to stretch in your studio. You know, I have to, I have to have to move quite a bit so I don't lock up after, after a good night's sleep. It's like, eh, it could be a little stiff in the morning and now I have to do some stretches and things like that. But I think if I didn't get in the accident, I'm 54, I'd probably have to do it anyway. Right? So, feels good to have to be, to force the stretching.


I think AG one has been a long time partner of the show and I'm excited to share a great offer they have going on right now. You can get a free month supply of AG one's Omega-3 supplement and a free bottle of D three K two with your first subscription order. The Omega-3 soft gel supplement compliments AG one making it easy to get the fatty acids you need while the D three K two liquid drops can help provide two essential vitamins. They're made with high quality ingredients following the latest scientific research. And together with AG one, they work to give you the nutrients and minerals you might be missing from your diet. If you haven't tried AG one yet, they're bundling it with their Omega-3 and vitamin D three K two products for free. So it couldn't be a better time to start subscribe today and get a one month supply of AG Omega-3 and a bottle of vitamin D three K two with your first AG one order. You'll also get their welcome kit with everything you need to get started on your AG one journey. So make sure you check out drink AG one.com/ Joe Rogan to claim this special offer. That's drink AG one.com/ Joe Rogan.


And so day, just day by day. So you're completely bedridden initially. And, and yeah. Yeah. How long does it take before you can sit up? I know. I don't know. It's pretty, it moved pretty quick. The, the randomly with the punctured lung and all this broke the shoulder, the collarbone, dislocation, all this stuff that healed pretty quickly, But that doesn't require gravity and force on your legs, like your legs have to take. Right? So those that took a little bit longer. And the legs, both ankles, right? That's, those are under trauma and, and plates in those, you know, this is all a pipe essentially by a piece of rebar. My, my whole lower leg.


So that took a little bit longer. But the, the ribs, ironically it was only painful for I, I feel like a couple weeks. I also had these like plastic suitcases for my lungs because they had to let it bleed out and the stuff was going in. I know what goop was in that thing, but I had to carry those things around for a while. Once I got rid of those, I was kind of sitting up a bit more and I felt good once I was kind of sitting up. But there's still, as you can imagine, so much trauma, so many places. But I think the longest it was, was really getting up to, to stand up, to walk, to get all your joints to work properly again. To relearn, to walk, relearn, to move. 'cause you really kind of have to a lot of atrophy as you can imagine.


That happens. But I was standing up and moving around. I got into a chair probably, you know, by the, by by February after Like, three weeks. Wow. And the more I can move, the faster you heal, you get more blood flow. You're getting, you're getting your body to work better. Help with my, my attitude and will to get out and sit up, you know, all the things. Each of these things are like milestones. And I would just like, yeah. And then move forward to the next thing and set a goal for myself. Even if it was just like to sit up and like turn, or I, I didn't have to set such big to reach too far to keep my confidence high. So, 'cause I keep reaching these goals and just kept going and going and going.


And I find I'd find myself again, it's 24 hours a day, so, right. What do I have to do today? Well, I don't even have to ask. I just gotta get better. And, you know, I just kept going. And what whatever thing, and there's so many things to attack to get better, is like, I never got bored. I just had all these bands and stuff I was in. I remember being in a wheelchair and I'd wrap it around like this desk and I'd be in as it like a leg press. You know, all these like interesting ways, just like to try to strengthen my, my, my body and get better. Whatever wasn't, you know, I, anything that would work, I would do it. Wow. I'd say no to nothing. Say yes to everything and let's try it. Let's do it. Took took in everything. Took in everything. You know, they say that is one of the more difficult things with stroke victims is the will to do the exercises to force yourself to recover.


Yeah. 'cause so many people just, they, they've never done that before. They've never pushed themselves before. They don't. And they, there's this tendency to just kind of give up. Some people have. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's part of the reason why I wrote the book. 'cause maybe people, because it's a lonely place when, where people are struggling in, in recovery and when it's a lifetime recovery too. You know, I hope they can find something they can grab onto. Like, if this guy can get overcome this, I can get outta my own way here. And maybe not, maybe think of it a little differently. The only thing we have control of ever in life and perpetuity is our perspective. So, you know, what's my, I could easily just go be victimized And, you know Right.


Cry about it. And I go, my career is over and die. I mean, it's not, it's not even part of the narrative. It's part of, it's not even in the conversation. It's like I'm getting better every day for the rest of my life. That's it. Wow. There's only one way to go. What's the alternative, Joe? Right? Yeah. What is the alternative? I kept, I keep saying that to my, what's the alternative? I'm not gonna stumble around through life. Right. I wasn't brought back here just, just to suffer. That's not happening. I'd say unplug the machine. I'm done. I'm outta here. It's way better being dead. You know what I mean? I'm not gonna come back and, and, and just waddle my and limp my way through life. It's not gonna happen. What's crazy is you, if you didn't approach it like that, you probably wouldn't be able to walk. Correct.


Correct. Yeah. Because there have been a lot of people that have been gravely injured that never come back. Yeah. Yeah. You have to push it. Right. Anything that's in your life for excellence, you have to obsess at it and risk everything for it. You have to. Or it's not gonna happen. No one's gonna do it for you, but what else are you gonna do? Yeah. You know what I mean? Again, like I said, what's the alternative? Yeah. This sucks. But like, so does a cold plunge and so does this and so does that and so does that. Right. You gotta really test. We gotta test our bodies, our limits to really have real growth. And especially in recovery. Yeah. You have to. What else are you gonna do, man? You gonna take pills? Right. That was one, again, one of the harder things worse than the accident as well is getting off Oxycontin.


And I got off pretty quickly and like, that's gnarly stuff man. I'm glad it's, it was there for, you know, the pain for me. But like, I wanted to get off it as soon as possible. So, 'cause it's highly, highly addictive and coming off that stuff was gnarly. It's so hard. And you have a really strong will and some people don't. I know. And they put all people on that Stuff. It's crazy dude. Yeah, it is. Really. Ironically, I was supposed to be doing a, a, a movie about the SRA family. Wow. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That, but it was supposed to happen like literally that, that April or just that, that spring obviously that got canceled.


'cause I had to take Oxycontin to kinda get by, but then I had to get off that stuff real quick. You know, it was really interesting too, how people treated that drug. You know, everyone was like, was monitoring, counting the pills if it was a half a thing or this or that. Like everyone was on it. Like, dude, what You're treating me like some, some sort of drug addict. Don't gimme this stuff. I don't want it. Jesus Christ. It's terrible. Wow. But it's pretty powerful, powerful stuff. And I don't, I don't ever blame sort of the drug. I just think sort of how maybe it's, it's free to use And it's, it's even supported in school systems And you know, they got that family kind of got away with a lot of stuff to promote that stuff. Put It mildly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's a whole nother, You've seen Peter Berg's thing on Netflix painkiller.


Have you seen that? It's a docudrama documentary family. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Matthew Broad. Yep. Yep. It's gnarly, man. Gnarly, gnarly. Yeah. That's an evil family. Yeah. What they did to people and and just support the idea that, you know, hey, this, you can just be on this and you don't have any pain. Don't worry about it. Yeah. And it's not even addictive. Yeah. Just Yeah. It's the knowing. It's the knowing part and then Yeah. Then double downing and then selling, getting it, really getting it out there. It's And promoting it Yeah. As a thing that you could be on forever. Yeah. Which is just insane. Yeah. So you're on it. And how long did you have to be on it for? I, again, always working to, to get off of it.


And I think maybe It was around if I got home on January 13th, Friday the 13th. And I think it was probably less than a month, probably like beginning of February because I had all my molars and stuff got pushed in. So my mouth a hot mess, my jaw's broken and, but I'd have night terrors as you would being awake through that trauma. So, and I bit down and the tooth was in just in a certain spot and just cracked my molar and, And it goes down to the nerve and that I'm like, oh, I feel that pain. But I'm on all this Oxycontin, I don't feel, Hmm. Maybe I don't need to be on that shit.


So I had to go get that emergency extraction and get a post put in and on my back molar. And I said, well, I'm, I'm gonna, I'll take it one more time just for the tooth pain or whatever. Even what the dentist gave me. I think I took the dentist stuff, whatever that was, and cold Turkey off Oxycontin and Gabapentin. O cold Turkey. Yeah. I didn't know. You didn't know how hard it would be? No. Oh no. I would tape. I don't really listen at the doctors. I don't listen to the doctors man. You know, so yeah. So I started crying for about three and a half days straight. Wow.


Even during my pt, I'm just like, not that I'm even sad, but like full crocodile tears just tears. Tears. Wow. 24 hours a day. Right. Just wow. Going, I couldn't stop crying and I was shivering. So this is all just Withdrawal. Withdrawal. Yeah. I wasn't thinking that anything other than like, why am I crying? I, I didn't know it was withdrawal even because my mind's not there. I'm in my mind's in recovery and getting off this stuff and focusing on holding my body up. It, it takes just a lot of mental acuity to, to just exist. Right. So I wasn't thinking that. Yeah, of course. I looked back on it And it was like, of course I'm coming off of fucking heroin essentially. Right.


Jesus. So, yeah. And then, and so I, I, I called my sister and thing, I'm like, I know why I'm crying. I can't stop crying. She's like, well let's, let's call it, I had these different doctors that we'd zoom call with when I was at home. And so we called the, the, the pain management doctor and she's like, look, I told him, he's like, what are you doing? You gotta taper off that for like, it takes like two weeks at least. And you can't just cold chuck, you can no wonder you're feeling all cold and all this stuff. 'cause that's all nerve stuff. So I just started feeling gravity. I started feeling temperature, I started feeling everything. It was like, whew. On fire. Right. So Why did you make the decision to go cold Turkey? Because I didn't want, I didn't, I don't like the feeling of being on pain meds.


I don't like, you know, I want to have my mind. I mean, I was always using like humor to find my sobriety. If I could land a joke, that means I'm reading the room and I'm hitting the timing Right. And da da, whatever it is, you know. Right. So I, I wanted my, I needed my mind and I needed my wit. I needed my will to, to recover. I needed sleep and I needed my brain and the drugs kind of numb my brain as they would Right. Yeah. As they numb your whole body. So I just wanted it off of 'em. And I don't like how I feel. You feel muddy. Yeah. And I just didn't like the feeling. So, you know, it came with a price, but I got the okay to like take a little fiber of oxy to, to sleep on if you needed to mitigate some pain just so I could sleep.


I'm like, okay, maybe I'll do that if it happens. And I did once or twice or three times maybe after that moment. But I got through it and I got off it, but I got off it because I cracked that tooth and that I felt pain like that is like, that's not gonna let me sleep at all. It's a heartbeat in my brain. My face is just like throbbing. Right. As you would for anybody. So I said like, oh that's then I don't need to take the pain meds. So like that was my excuse to get off the pain meds. Right. Because thankfully If you're feeling pain and you're on the pain Meds. Yeah. I would've been on that shit much longer if I didn't crack that tooth. Wow. Because I wouldn't have the will or say like, oh, let's get off this stuff. Yeah. Right. But it took that, I'm like, okay, well I don't need it.


I had knee surgery in 93 and they gave me something. I don't, it was either Percocet or Vicodin. I don't remember Yeah. What it was. And I took it one time. You puke and I felt so bad. Yeah. I felt so stupid. Yeah. I remember being in my apartment in New York just feeling so dumb and just thinking I'd rather be in pain. Yeah. And so one day I took it one day and then I'm like, that's it, I'm done. Yeah. And then I sold it. I sold my, my pills to this guy Jeff at the pool hall. It's A dirt bag. He was this dirt bag guy that I used to hang out with at the pool hall. He had a bandana and long hair. He was a hippie. He always sold drugs. And I sold them to him. He's like, I'll take it.


What do you got? Yeah, yeah. What do you got? And then I had surgery again. I've had a bunch of different surgeries for juujitsu injuries and martial arts injuries. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But the second time I had surgery on my knee. I had a knee reconstruction again on my other knee in 2003. And I didn't dig anything. I just, I just like, I don't want nothing. Yeah. I'm just gonna just deal with it. And it was okay. Yeah. Maybe anti-inflammatory or something. And it's, you know, It's really, I didn't even take that stuff. 'cause I don't think that's good for you either. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I mean it, you're gonna be in pain no matter what. It's just gonna dull it a little bit. I'd rather feel it all. I just get I agree accustomed to it.


Hundred percent and deal with it. Yeah. That was like back when I, even when I had my wisdom teeth pulled out when I was like 20 or something, you know, that's pretty gnarly surgery. Right. And they give you like a, it was a codeine or something, you know, I just puked on that and said no way. Took one pill and I never took, didn't sell it to anybody. Isn't it astonishing that some people like it? Yeah. People party on it. Oh yeah. And they'll go drinking like two vik it and all that stuff. I just, it's just the opposite for me. I just can't, it's just my body doesn't agree with it. Yeah. I just, and I'm glad I don't, I don't like it. You know, I Had a friend of mine who's a musician and he would write all his music on, on Vicodins. And I was like, what? How do you do that man?


Like, I took it, whatever it was that I took, I can't remember which one it was, but I felt like a moron. I just felt like I had like 20% of my brain. Yeah. Yeah. And it was just this dull, like wet cotton stuffed in my head. Yeah. But I mean, I guess maybe it's just like different biology maybe different people react to it differently. For sure. For sure. Yeah. It wasn't for me. Yeah. I agree. So how long did it take for the withdrawal to subside? By the time I got to the, the, the zoom with the, the, the pain management doctor. He, he said like, well don't do that. You should taper off. Like, well I'm already o off it now.


I'm like, I'm, I've come off the, the, the crying train especially 'cause he also made sense of it for me. He is like, so I was coming, it's like, it's like day four by the time I talked to him. And it just helped me make sense of like, why I was feeling the way I was feeling. 'cause it, it felt like a setback. Right. You know? And because there are setbacks in recovery. But this felt like a real setback. Like, I, like I, I couldn't grab a why and I'm pretty in tune with like my body and my emotions and my everything. And I just couldn't grab why I was, when it's so obvious, You Know. But then, you know, I don't, I'm not the one really administering this stuff.


My mom just giving me the pill and doing peptide injections for me And you know, rebirthing me, you know, taking care of me. So I What Peptides were you on? Oh man, if I look back, I know I was getting three, three mls. There's three loads and they were all mixed up. So as you would probably say, a lot of the same ones that I'm on now that I continue and I rotate in and outta different ones for P pc 1, 5, 7, PC 1, 5, 7, 500. Yeah. All those. Yeah. Yeah. A OD and mo C. And I have to do a lot of blood work. 'cause got my hemoglobin was at two. Whoa. Yeah. That was what it was. Going back to work. Whoa. Back to Mayor Kingstown crazy.


Yeah. It's like the blood of a dead man. Essentially. I just got no energy. So then I started really working with all my blood panels. Big giant wide 16 vial blood panels. And that started to be my new course of recovery of, of a cellular way in a blood way. And that's where I really started to get strong. I was moving around, I was mobile. All the bones are healed. By this time it's like a year's gone by, but now I started working on cellular and blood health. And that's when I, that's when I got to like, my skin started to look great And, you know, 'cause your blood is, tells you what your body's producing and not producing. Right. Right. So that was a great report card or barometer of where I was at, why I'm not, you know, where my mitochondrial levels are at anything was at.


So it was really, really great part of my recovery. And that's what I'll continue to and still continue to do today.


Boxing's biggest weekend is here. And Draftking sports book is bringing the heat. It all kicks off Friday in Times Square as Ryan Garcia, Devin Haney, and Tia Fimo Lopez Light up New York City. Then on Saturday the king returns Canelo Alvarez is back on d own pay-per-view. And on Sunday, it's a can't miss moment. NAA, in a way makes his electrifying US debut in Las Vegas. This is a fight weekend for the History books and DraftKings Sports book is your front row seat to all the action. New to DraftKings. You're gonna love this. New customers bet. $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. That's right. Five bucks gets you 200 to play with cash in on Boxing's biggest weekend ever with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan to unlock $200 in bonus bets. When you place a $5 bet only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


Did you use a hyperbaric chamber? Oh yeah. Yeah. That, that helped. Must have helped. Yeah. A lot. Yeah. What it did for me, it's not something I don't think there's many things in my recovery that you do that feel good. It just doesn't make you feel as shitty. Right. You know? Right. It's like you're building a mountain. One layer of paint at a time. Yeah. Yeah. So, but hyperbaric is great. It's, it helps with lactic acid when you're working out, it's, you know, it's all the oxygen you, you put in your body is, is a great necessity. It's again, they're one of those things that are even age reversing. It's, it's also disease preventative. Right. It's amazing this thing. And it's, I got one that was, you can sit in and do multiple things. I can not just, I can't just sit there for an hour and a half in, in the chamber and like, I'll go crazy.


I have a busy brain, you know, and so I get a computer or whatever, email, whatever I can do is a, to kind of continue to do it, to make it a part of my life. Oh, that's cool. Yeah. And then I go into like a, a red light bed, a high powered red light infrared bed. Then it moves all that oxygen through my body even more so. And gets deeper into the tissue. It's amazing. Yeah. I use both of those things. Yeah. Those are just lights parts of my life. Yeah, Yeah. But I would imagine for something like what you went through, it's imperative. Yeah. Yeah. For tissue recovery and Oh man. Huge, huge, huge. Faster for repair. And so from, so a year later you're walking around? Yeah. For, Yeah. By, I was walking by, my daughter's birthday was March 28th, so I guess a few months later I was walking.


But it was assisted, very assisted, weak walking with cane or a walker. So that had to be amazing. Yeah. Yeah. And then I was like, by the summertime I stopped doing recovery, the intense 24 hour day recovery. I would do like a 12 hour day recovery and then go walk in the sand in Lake Tahoe. Lake Tahoe is the world. Big world's biggest cold plunge. It's a freezing ass lake. So I just go dip my legs in that lake, walk in the sand. It's great for instability in your ankles, your joints, your hips. And I would just do that kind of stuff. Even ride a jet ski. I was running a jet ski in June. Wow. Yeah. Taking it easy. I'm not doing anything nuts, but just like, you know, just get, just living life. Right. You know how good that is for your mental acuity.


Yeah. Your, your spirit, your emotional body and all that stuff. So I was out in the sunshine getting vitamin D And you know, nature. I was with friends, I could do life stuff. Like I'm back in life stuff, you know? Now that's a great confidence builder. Yeah. So I kept trying to do those things. And then of course I have to go back into all the recovery stuff And you know, that I always do. But just happy I can do it. What does the cold water feel like with like, I mean, you have a rod through your, your tibia. Yeah. The cold water's. It's, that's not the issue. It's when it's cold weather. Yeah. I like anybody. It's your, it you stiffer your, your blood slows and all that stuff.


So it doesn't help us. I need circulation in my joints. Tendons don't get a lot of blood flow. I really gotta work at getting blood flow in these joints. Otherwise they'll stiffen And it, I'm just slower going. It's, everything just feels a little bit more robotic. What did they have to do? But I think that's, And it before injury, it's that for anybody. Right. Also, elevation. Right. I mean, 8,000 feet elevation in Tahoe. So all those things aren't really kind of helping to my recovery, but my body will respond in those oxygen depleted environments and all that stuff. So maybe it did help, maybe it didn't, I don't know. But I did most of my initial recovery in LA and then when I could, I got out to Tahoe to be in my sort of happy place in, in nature.


Did they have to reconstruct your knees? Did you No, no. None of that. They, they, they, there was cracks in my ankles And it, my foot spun around a handful of times. It was spiral fracture of my, my leg. So they had to hit a rod down into my knee and they had to screw it, screw it, you know, with plates and all that stuff. So I didn't ensure I just move those things. So I don't know. There's not, wasn't full like reconstruction, like people get a new knee or a new hip. It was just a lot of breaks. My pelvic broke, broken three spots, my hips and all, you know. But you don't fix that. You even said you broke your asshole. I'm like that. Is that what you say as a doctor? Is that how you say it? Come on.


That's hilarious. I mean, I think there's another word for it, but I think he was trying to make me laugh and I did And Eric makes you laugh. He's like, you broke everything Jeremy. You even broke your ass. I'm like, all right. That's great. Wow. Wow. And so, so you, you've gone through the 12 hour now you're in like this 12 hour Day. Yeah, it's in that summer, that summertime. Yeah. So I gotta do like, just life stuff. And that was, that was, that was really my first shot at allowing myself to think that there's a future and I'm not gonna live a life of full-time recovery for the rest of my life.


It's like, oh, I can actually go do it. Some other things that I enjoy doing with people in kind of a normal way. So I was without a cane, without anything by the time, by June and summer came around. So I'm, I'm moving around. That's pretty Amazing. I'm moving around with, with, you know, inflammation and getting downstairs very slowly. But as, as you would look, as long as you're patient, as I was as aggressive I was with my recovery, I allowed patients to also live within that aggressive attack on each joint or each inflammation or wherever it was. I do allow patience. And because I allow myself to push hard, hard, hard, hard. I listen to my body, body says, fuck off. I'm like, all right, I'll chill out for a second and then, you know, keep going.


So, but I was, I gotta live life. And, and that was so, so rewarding to my spirit and my, my my confidence, which, you know, you need and that and that kind of, those kind of dire times and, And it keep going. And then like I said, when we got to back, getting back to work, 'cause I got so ready, maybe I'm down to like four hours a day of recovery. By the end of that first year, I'm like, I'm gonna go back to work. I need to get back out into the world and use life as, as my recovery. And still only spend four hours a day on hyperbaric chamber, red light, whatever the heck I could do to, I mix it all up. It's a bunch of different stuff. A lot of heat, a lot of vibration, power plate stuff that was really great for numbing the, the nerve endings, my back of my knees, back of my ankles.


That kind stuff. I know if you ever used that stuff for No, Like what are you, what are you doing? I used to have this thing, God, what is it called? It was a thing, you stand on it, it's like it would shake you Yeah. With different vibrations. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Like And it would slow it down. Yep. Then it'd make it fast. Yep. And It's like that. Yeah. Yeah. And that really was great for numbing like the back of my knees that really still ache and back of my ankles just so it's not quite so sensitive. Mm. I don't know if it floods the, the nerve innings with blood or whatever the heck it does, but it just kind of numbs it out And it, I can go to sleep on. It's great. It's beautiful. I Used to have one of those at my house in la I don't even remember what it's called now. It was just some machine. It had a bunch of different programs. Yeah. Yeah. It's power plate.


It's probably a power plate. Well, power plate I think is the one that you work out on. You can, yeah. Yeah. This one was a little different. This one was just, it would just shake you at a bunch of different frequencies. Oh, Interesting. You would stand on it And it was supposed to just do a bunch of stuff for your, your hormones and endocrine system and all sorts of different stuff just by the vibration. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It helps me a lot. Interesting. For sure. And are you doing sauna and stuff like that as well? Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. I use, I use use just the red light bed. Like you sweat like a, it's shaped like a, like a coffin or like chanting bed one.


Yeah. No, it's just as effective. I think as a you're gonna, the sauna, it just doesn't take so long to heat up or anything. It's getting that thing and cook. It's amazing. And you, it's amazing that even like an LED light like that or infrared light could, could warm you up so much. But it's intense. I love it. And then after a while, do you start lifting weights? Yeah. Yeah. I started, I started training as soon as I got the, when I just started doing blood work. 'cause my hormone, my, my testosterone was at 200. My hemoglobin Wow. Was at two. I, everything was, your body is just wrecked. Oh it was wrecked. And I'm going back to work. So I had to attack why I was falling asleep during workouts that I'm trying to do or whatever.


I'm trying, they, they only schedule me maybe six hours a day on set. 'cause I, you know, I fall asleep in the middle of a scene. Oh my God. They're like, who's gonna wake the fucker up? Wow. Oh man. So yeah. So I had to really work on that. And once I got, once it was really, I think it was really the testosterone. Once I got that level to like 700, 800 constantly, then I had more energy and that allowed me more energy in the gym. And once I had that, that got me more energy. But that, so I just started feeding upon itself. I was doing blood, blood panels every week and I just saw progress, progress, progress. And then I just started lifting and I had so much energy and I felt better the more I lifted and moved and stretched.


And I just get, it just kept compiling just like most things in life. And it got easier. Like most things with oxygen chamber, that's better when you compile on it. Same with red light stuff. Nothing. Nothing. No one time that anything's gonna do anything. But if you do it often enough and make it a central part of your life, it's like, oh, I was on fire. It's great. I started running and You can run now. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. For distance. Yeah. I mean, I don't know how, where I'm running to, I, I was never a distance guy. I was always a sprinter. Right. I was a sprinter from high school and college and yeah. So Does it hurt when you run It, it feels like if you're, if you have a, you know, if you've ever been in a car and you're on the freeway And it has a misalignment or Yeah.


It's a little shaky. Yeah. Yeah. Or you got a flat tire, it feels like I got four flat tires when I'm running. It looks great. It looks like, oh, this guy's no problem with this guy. Just boop, boop, boop boop boop. And it feels like the wheels are gonna fall off. Wow. Mentally or something. It just, it just feels like it's, 'cause it's like, it's, it's, it's, it's a lot of pressure to put on all these joints. Right. I haven't sprinted really much in a while. I haven't really worked on that. I've been working on other things, you know, blood and cells and that kind of stuff. So, I mean, sprinting is not, You know, what am I doing? I'm, what am I gonna do Sprint 54 for God's sakes. Right. You know, maybe like for, you know, like, 'cause, 'cause you do stunts in movies and maybe it's some point I'll have to sprint.


I don't know. Or maybe not. Maybe it's, don't do that shit, you know? Yeah. Well, maybe You can though. I mean, sure. I can, I think you can. I already Have Believe It. I just dunno if I wanna make that a central part of, you know, the acting experience. Maybe. I, I, Well, that would be an absolutely phenomenal turnaround to go from where you were to going back to action films. Yeah. Yeah. To go play Hawkeye or something. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Yeah. That'd Be, that'd be a good Test or porn identity. Yeah. That's, that's tough. That would be a tough one. That would, that's, that was in excellent shape for that one. That would be a challenge. Yeah. I would imagine. I don't know. Do I want to tax my body? I don't know. Probably should, probably.


Is it taxing your body or is it strengthening your body? Yeah, I know. This is the question. I know. Yeah. I don't know. I mean, how many, how many miles can you get on this stuff, right? Titanium? I think It's forever. I think it's permanent. I mean, what you, everything you have just reinforces the recovery of the bones, right? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And then, and then you just have a plate there that just keeps the bones in order. Yep. And it's essentially, I mean, I mean all, all the, all the titanium in my body's useless at this point. It did its job. Right. And the bone's grown, but, so it just stays there. Now, Is there an argument that the titanium hinders you at all? Well, I mean, it is foreign, right?


Foreign metal in your body. You're not, it's not, you're rejecting it. But there is a point where it could, you know, just like allergies, you know, there's someti You don't get allergies sometimes for 40 years in your life. And all of a sudden I'm allergic to down. It could reject it. Who knows? You never know. I, I'll, I'll cross that bridge I'm worrying about today. I'm here with you. I'll worry about that shit later. It's just so impressive. Yeah, It really is. It really is amazing. Yeah. Yeah. It's in. Yeah. Because at any other time in history, you're dead. Yeah. Yeah. Any other time in history? Oh yeah. 20 years ago, you're dead, Conner. Yeah. You're A Conner 20 years ago. It's Insane. Right? It's amazing. Yeah. It's amazing. What A, what a great blessing to have all those people that, even like the, the EMTs and all the people that were there, lifesaving stuff.


They did all this stuff that they had to do. Man, there's so much, you know, and I, and I'm really known in that community, especially in the EMTs and all that sort of stuff. I have a lot of firefighter friends and all that stuff. So it's just like a, they, you know, you're just getting a little extra juice and love from these people. You know? Like I knew one of my best friends is a, a firefighter in that area, Jesse. And he's just retired, and he got the phone call from his buddy who had to like, stab my chest and release the pressure from the lung and da da da. Like on the ice. I'm like, and he's the one that says, look, dude, Jesse, Jeremy's, he's in. We did the best we could, dude. You wanna wanna get the hospital? Wow. And that's like code for like gone. He might be gone. He's gone.


He's gone. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But I mean, but they were like, you know, I talked to 'em all later. I saw every nurse I saw, every doctor I went by every ENT, even the pilot that flew me up there and just had to give everyone the biggest squeeze and apologize if I was a pain in the ass or whatever it was. Man, it's, that reminds me of just why I'm back anyway. And, and what the only thing that you take with you and is love, man. That's It. Yeah. The beginning of the audio book is your daughter. Yeah. Yeah. That was the one I had the hardest time With. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause it's, You can imagine. Yeah. Imagine I can't, I can't imagine.


You know.


Dude, This episode is brought to you by Squarespace. Thinking about starting a website to sell online. While Squarespace is the way to go, they make it easy for customers to find you. Thanks to integrated SEO tools that optimize your online presence to be indexed with meta descriptions and an autogenerated site map. Plus Squarespace Payments will make it super simple to start selling your products or services with options like Apple Pay Klarna and more. Try it free at Squarespace dot com and use Squarespace dot com slash rogan to save 10% on your first website or domain.


Boxing's biggest weekend is here, and Draftking Sports book is bringing the heat. It all kicks off Friday in Times Square as Ryan Garcia, Devin Haney, and Tia Fimo Lopez Light up New York City. Then on Saturday, the king returns Canelo Alvarez is back on D Zone, pay-per-view. And on Sunday, it's a can't miss moment. NAA, in a way, makes his electrifying US debut in Las Vegas. This is a fight weekend for the History books and DraftKings Sports book is your front row seat to all the action. New to DraftKings. You're gonna love this. New customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. That's right. Five bucks gets you 200 to play with cash in on boxing's biggest weekend ever with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan to unlock $200 in bonus bets. When you place a $5 bet only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. If you or someone you know has a GAMBLING PROBLEM, call the Virginia problem gambling helpline at 8 8 8 5 3 2 3521 and over Virginia only Eligibility restrictions apply. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. Cdk eng.co/audio


Does this. I mean, it must forever change your perspective on life because you've crossed back. Yeah, yeah. Well, it just made it easier. It's, it's, it's ripped away. All the white noise things I gave credence to, or things I gave value to are just fucking meaningless. Bullshit. Bullshit. All the bullshit means Nothing is gone. Yeah. And I just don't, sadly, I mean, spinning rock with, you know, people and capitalism stuff with things to, I just don't, I just feel like I belong. But I do. Yeah. I just, it's a lot of times I just don't feel like I fit into a certain how things are, how things work or seem to work down or, yeah.


I just, I just, I just don't do things I, I, I don't give, give value to, I only do things that are valuable in my life. That's it. That is it. I do nothing else. It is Amazing how much time and energy people put into things that ultimately at the end of the life, they're not valuable. Yeah. And they don't mean anything. Yeah. And they occupy most of your thinking. That's right. Or even your time or your career. Right. Yeah. I mean, people do careers that they fucking hate. Yep. Whether they're in a marriage, they fucking depi, da da, you know, all this stuff is spending too much time doing what? Right. Why, why, why? Because you get trapped, because of fear. Trapped 'cause of fear get trapped. And it's too difficult to get out. And, you know, they get too deep and buried into, into, to some place that they get, I know.


Paint themselves on a corner. You know, it's, it's quite sad. Yeah. You know, It is sad, but it's also, I mean, there's an amazing example that you, you can shine to the rest of the world that maybe people don't have to go through what you went through to realize that most of what you're thinking about all day, especially if you're one of those people that's wrapped up in social media Mm. Most of the things you're thinking about all day are just nonsense. Yeah. Just total nonsense. Yeah. That's stealing your life. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's one, one of the reasons why I wrote the book is I hope there's things that, that I learned and the gifts that I receive from, from passing and coming back and overcoming, you know, huge obstacles.


And a lot of, a lot of people can identify with suffering and struggle. Doesn't have to be a physical struggle, but, you know, there's, it's a certain way to think and perspective that to work your way through it. Yeah. 'cause it is a lonely, lonely place. And I think there's something beautiful about the narrative of an author to a reader. Or even just audio, which is even more intense 'cause you got the nine one one call and Right. It's kind of dramatic in that sense. But like, it's, it's pretty intimate and you can, I think You can really move the needle for somebody. Yeah. The more open and honest and vulnerable I am in sharing the narrative though, maybe more I have a chance at connecting with the reader or listener. No doubt. You know, There, the thing is about when, when you're in the middle of a struggle, it never seems like you're gonna get out of it.


Yeah. And You trapped. Yeah. Yeah. You feel, and it's so difficult for people to trust the process or to trust that it will get better. And this is unfortunately why a lot of people end their lives. 'cause they do not think it's going to get better. And the, you, you hear it from so many people that almost took their life or failed when they tried to take their life and now realize, oh my God, I was so wrong. It does get better. I am better. Everything's better. And I just didn't see the light. Yeah. I didn't see the light at the end of the tunnel. I thought there was, there was just nothing but this feeling that I couldn't endure. Yeah. That hopelessness. Yeah. Oh, that's, that weighs heavy, doesn't it?


Ooh. You, you can't afford that. You can't, you can't give that power. You can't give that value. No, you can't. It's just, it's, I think anybody can sink into that. Right. Anybody To sink into that. Yeah. Anybody could think of that. It's just so hard for people that have never gone through something before. Yeah. If your life has been really easy. Yeah. And then all of a sudden you're tasked with one of the most difficult burdens ever. Overcoming the fear and that the, the, the, the, the the feeling of wanting to end life because you can't take it. Yeah. I've been there. I mean, Jesus. I, well, look, I think people need to suffer.


It is an actual requirement of life. And is, is the fiber, the DNA of love, real love and true love. And, and perpetuity can't exist without suffering. It's impossible. But you don't appreciate it. Yeah. It's, it, you have to have suffering. Yeah. And suffering doesn't have to be looked at in a negative thing. And it could be looked as a beautiful thing. It's where real love comes out of. Yeah. You know, all my suffering, there was real love in there. Everyone around me just in this recovery or in a loss I may have had from an uncle or grandparent or whatever, you know, there's, there's real love that comes in that suffering.


You know, even though it can be a lonely experience, I mean, I look at it that way. Yeah. And not as a negative, terrible thing because it's just temporary. And it's counters counterintuitive though. What's that? It's Counterintuitive In a negative term of it. Right. But we all have to suffer. Right. Right. I mean, it's part of the human experience. Right. Yeah. It's The Joe Rogan Experience. I'm not suffering, I'm having a great time with you. But, you know, that's, I don't think people welcome that or allow that to happen in their lives and let it be okay that the, the suffering that we suffer like that at the hard times are the building blocks to our, to who we are. It builds resilience. Yeah. It builds character. Yeah. Yeah. It builds all those things.


Yeah. I remember one time, I mean, this is a minor suffering in comparison, but one time I went on this hunting trip on Prince of Wales Island, which rains Like three hundred 50 days a year. And so we were up there for a week just getting drenched. And you know, you're camping, so you're in a tent and you think, oh, well I'll be dry in the tent. And you're not dry in the tent. Right. There's no dry, there's no such thing as dry. I remember I turned my headlamp on and the tent once, 'cause I had to pee and I was gonna step out of the tent to go to the bathroom in the rain. And when I pressed the headlamp inside my tent, all I saw inside the tent was water vapor. It was just filled with moisture.


There was just water.like droplets all flying around inside the tent. I'm like, oh my God, you're never gonna be dry. There's no dry. And you know, it was just miserable but fun. I was with good friends and we had a good time. Then I came back to LA you know, a week later and I remember I called my friend Steve Ella, I called 'cause he's the one that took me on the trip. And I said, dude, it's sunny out. And I've never appreciated the sun like this before. Yeah. I've, I'm, I'm like, I'm at a level of happiness and I don't think I've ever felt before. I'm just sitting outside with my eyes closed, just taking the sun. It was wonderful. Yeah. LA's always sunny. Yeah.


You get so used to it. Yeah. It's like you're a trust fund kid. You know, like, who can't appreciate money. Right. Because you've always had, it doesn't mean anything to you. But now all of a sudden going, just being drenched for seven days and being in that sun, I was like, ah. And then it made me realize like, oh, you need to suffer. You need suffer. You're never gonna appreciate this life. Right. You need, and either you voluntarily suffer or you will suffer involuntarily. 'cause life, regular life will make you suffer. Yeah. Very true. It's, it's, it's not, it seems sort of anti-human to wanna do something that makes yourself suffer. Right. It doesn't seem very sort of characteristics of we always wanna take the fastest route to get somewhere.


Yeah. Easy. It's, you know, it's just innate and kind of human nature to, to do that, sadly. And it doesn't. And it, it, that, that leads to a life of complacency and mediocrity. Well, if you look at life today, and if you look at society today, we have unprecedented levels of depression and unprecedented levels of anxiety and unhappiness. Yet it's probably the safest time ever. And it's probably the easiest time ever. It's so easy that poor people are fat. Mm. That's how easy it is. Like that's never been the case all throughout history. Poor people were starving. Yeah. And poor people are fat now. Like that's how easy it is to live.


Right. Just to exist. Yeah. So, I mean, not not saying that being poor is easy. It's certainly not, this is certainly a struggle, but it's way easier than starving to death. Like, this is like an unprecedented easy time. And because of that, and because there's this narrative that people have to constantly seek comfort to seek vacation and relaxation and retirement and all that bullshit. And so that's in your head and the's this softness to existence. And so everything that comes your way is overwhelming. Somebody said this once and it's like a great quote that I remember, the worst thing that's ever happened to you is the worst thing that's ever happened to you, regardless of how small that is.


So if the worst thing that's ever happened to you is like, I remember my girlfriend broke up with me when I was 18 and I was like, oh, I couldn't believe it. I thought I was gonna be with her forever. I was so sad. Yeah. And then I think back, like, oh my God, that was the best thing that ever happened. She was a nightmare. But back then I thought I was probably a nightmare too. But back then I thought like life was over. Right. Yeah. Of course. Which is that. But you have to get through that in order to depreciate life to really appreciate life. But we have this bizarre narrative in our head that you shouldn't suffer. I Know. Where, where does that come from? I can't. Well, because it used to be so difficult to live because, and so you would try to find a time where it wasn't difficult and so then it became the thing that everybody focused on.


Yeah. Focused on chilling, relaxing. Yeah. Yeah. You know, and the people that I know that don't do anything and don't take any chances and don't take any risks and don't exercise and just seek comfort, are the most miserable anxiety ridden people I know. Well That's, yeah. They're pretty much dead inside. Right? Yeah. That's complacency. And it's, that's a definition of complacency in My mind. But again, it's counterintuitive. Right, exactly. Because you think comfort is easy, it's relaxing, it's nice. Yeah. But it's only relaxing if you've earned it. Yeah. Yeah. Correct. You've gotta get through something. Yeah, yeah. In order to appreciate just chilling on the couch. Yep. Yeah. So I, that's why I always do, do I, I have to fight my, I have to trick my own behavior and to doing things I don't want to do all the time.


You know, if I don't wanna do it, I'm like, oh, I'm going to do it. Don't even think about it. Just go do it. Right. Because I know the lazy mind just wants to like, oh yeah, this lemme just, lemme just skip the gym today. Or they may not do PT today, or whatever the heck it is. And I, I don't wanna get poked and prodded. No, just do it. Just go do it. Right. The thing you don't want to do is the thing you probably should be doing. Almost always. Yeah. And I, that's why I pretty much always just do that. It, it gets me outta my way out of complacency. I just like laziness. I just, it doesn't exist because I do the opposite of what I Wanna do. Well, that's why you're Happy. And that's why I'm so full of joy, dude. I'm, I'm so happy. I've never been happier, more connected to humans, more connected to my daughter, more connected to myself, more centered in my in spirit.


Where I am right now. Where I'll go, where I'll be, where I always am and always have been. Is beautiful, man. Yeah. It's beautiful. You gotta conquer your inner bitch. You do, man. That's what it is. Yeah. There's a inner bitch inside of everyone that's like, let's you just do nothing. You gotta go shut. Oh, fuck up. Yeah. You have to have like two minds. You have. Yeah. Well you, you gotta surround yourself with others too that can inspire you too. Right. To, so then you do things as, as a, even as you and I to go out, do something, it's a lot easier than going to the gym by yourself. Right, right. You, you try to create, 'cause we are social creatures, so let's do things that, like I'm doing, like I'm building a whole like, rehab recovery center at my house.


Like, well, maybe I kinda open this to the public and like make this a communal cool thing so everyone has access to this stuff. Yeah. And I'm still considering doing that, but like, just make it a, a, a, a place to, to be and hang. So it's everyone can do it. And I'm not, it's not just me. Right, right, right. Separating myself from other people, whatever it might be in, in my life. There's, there's, I try to find ways to make it a communal thing. So just makes it easier to, to continue this in, in perpetuity. That's another counterintuitive thing. It's like you have to understand how important community is. It's like a vitamin. Yeah. Big time. It really is. Yeah. It's Like, well, that's a shared experience too that comes with that negative or positive in the tent with your friends, you know, if you're alone in doing that.


Right. Yeah. It's, fuck, you have no one to share that misery with. Right. But at least you did. You shared that experience with somebody. You're like, dude, never thought I'd love the sun so much. Remember we were fucking eating ass sucking on the rainwater in that tent. You know? But it's like, even a negative experience can be, but it's shared. It's still quite beautiful. Yes. And it's a, it's a map, a milestone of part of your life that you uses barometer to change your or appreciate the sun more or whatever it might be. Right. Yeah. And so those shared experiences I think are invaluable. It's the only thing I chase in my life is that Yeah. For people that ever wanna start a fire when it's, everything's wet. Fritos, you know, little Fritos, little bags of Fritos. Yeah.


Yeah. The oil, those little motherfuckers are so toxic that if you light those things, they're like little fire starters. No way. Yeah, man. Fritos are crazy flammable. They stay lit for a long ass time. 'cause they're just soaked with oil. Oil. Yeah. Yeah. Soak like whatever, oil, whatever, horrible fucking seed oil, whatever fucking industrial lubricant those fucking things are made out of. But when you light that, they're essentially some sort of a corn byproduct and oil. Oh, right, Right. And so you, if you light those fuckers on fire and then you get some semi dry sticks and light them, light those. And we started one fire one day. 'cause one day it didn't rain. Yeah. So that one day it didn't rain. Me and my friend Brian Callen, we were determined to start a fire.


And so we just found like the Dries ast possible. Nothing was dry, but dries, ast, possible sticks and twigs and Yeah. Started it and then dried some logs out And it was, they were hissing and steam was coming off 'em as we were lighting it. But Fritos, yeah. Fritos are an amazing fire starter. Kind of crazy. That's crazy. Makes You think about eating though. What am I just gonna say? You, I was about to eat this shit. Yeah. Which brings me to another question, like how much did you alter your diet after all this? Because I would imagine like anything that causes inflammation then becomes an issue. Yeah. I didn't go down so much that route. I'm always eating pretty good. I, I didn't, it didn't go into like, things that I haven't gone into that even yet to like, oh, what causes inflammation?


What, what, what am I eating that does that, I I haven't really gotten that far into it yet. I'm still, I'm sure I will. But, or, and there was a doctor that also helped me stuff. And I have people cook, prepare some certain things for me, but I don't, couldn't tell you what causes inflammation that I put in my mouth. Could not, I mean, maybe if I have wine, probably does any Yeah. A bit. Yeah. Alcohol does for sure. Yeah. Yeah. But I, again, I don't do, I, I, I really am good at moderating all things, all things good and bad. So my body has a chance to sort of exist. And it's not forced too many supplements. Too many peptides too many, too many anything.


Right. All all good stuff. I sort of just moderate, so Right. Once I got my blood right, because I was like 205 pounds, I'd never been more than a buck 65. And it just, all this surgery, weight and all this stuff. And it's hard to get off when you have a, you know Right. Your hemoglobins too. Right. I just have new energy. So Also that you probably have to eat a lot too, because your body needs calories in order to help You recover that, that And it to get proteins too. Protein. Yeah. And also it's difficult to eat. 'cause again, my molars got pushed in. It's hard to chew. I look fine. But to chew on, on a nice steak and asparagus thing, it's like, this is tough. It's tough for me to get through Still to this day, or no? Yeah. Yeah. It'll be forever. I can't fix it. If I start to move those molars again, they'll probably fall out.


Oh, wow. Yeah. And I'd rather keep 'em And it just be uncomfortable. So they just, they got pushed in. Yeah. This side. Yeah. It's usually, it's sort of like, just like an arc to your thing. So my bite just kind of arcs and then goes straight back. Oh, wow. Yeah. All these got pushed in and broke, broke the jaw three times here. So, and then, and just breaking the jaw doesn't ever really heal. Right. So biting down is quite, it's annoying. It's a, it's full chaos in my mouth, but I don't bitch about it. I just sort of accept what it is. And it could Have been so much Worse. Could have been. So, I have all my teeth. I have a smile. It's great. You know, I, I feel great and, and, and walking and breathing. I have but love and joy in my life. So, you know, who cares about what happens in my mouth, man.


Right, right. You know what I Mean? Yeah. No, that's, it's,


this episode is brought to you by Montana Knife Company makers of the best, most sought after knives out there. The company is founded by my friend Josh Smith. He's been making knives since he was 11 years old and became a master bladesmith at just 19, which is wild. 'cause there's only about 140 to 150 master bladesmiths in the world. Plus these knives are made right here in the USA, right in Montana. And they're design tested and built by hunters. For hunters. I've been loving the Magna Cut Blackfoot 2.0 when Master Bladesmith, my friend Josh Smith, launched Montana Knife Company. He set out to create the ultimate do it all knife, small and light enough to pack on a goat hunt, durable enough to completely field dress a moose and shape to gut cape skin and de-bone with ease. He called this flagship knife, the Blackfoot. And it remains his go-to blade. And I love it as well. It's truly the only hunting knife you'll ever need. Although MKC is still a young company, the demand is already crazy. Literally every time they drop a batch, they sell out in minutes. So if you want to be the first to know, sign up for SMS alerts for exclusive knife drops and their email newsletter to get notified about restocks. Or go to Montana knife company.com and see what's available.


Now this episode is brought to you by ShipStation. Managing an e-commerce business is challenging enough without the added chaos of shipping and order fulfillment. It can feel like trying to herd cats on roller skates. That's where ShipStation comes in with its simple dashboard. ShipStation lets you handle all your shipping needs in one place, automating tasks, securing the best shipping rates, and even printing labels with a single click. Whether you're shipping a few packages a day or thousands, it grows alongside your business. Plus it integrates seamlessly with all the services and selling channels you already use. So you can keep your existing workflow intact while making it even more efficient. Ready to bring calm to the chaos. Go to shipstation.com and use the code JRE to sign up for your free trial.


It's really kind of an amazing story. And it's, it's just amazing how these stories can be so inspirational for other people too. Which is why I'm really glad you wrote your book, because these stories, they're, they're like autobiographies, especially of people that you admire, that you've seen in movies before. It's like those, those struggles, they're so real. And when someone's going through something themselves and they can turn to your book, it can give them a lot. It's fuel for people. Yeah. It really is. Yeah. For me as well, I mean, I'm, I resisted writing it because I still don't know how or why it can and will inspire people. I can only make assumptions and I think it's so particular to the actual reader and the person.


But, so I, I can never sort of pontificate on how or why it's important or not. But it is like, it's an achievement for me to get through it word by word that I didn't want to do to relive it. And then, 'cause it's in my body. I talk about it all the time. It is, it is a part of my narrative as a part of my life is just recovery is just, it's just my life and I love it. I enjoy it. I, I feel better, I look better and all that stuff. But it's like, the book now is a tangible sort of, this is, this is a, a great dialogue that we'll have as long as we want. But it's just a dialogue that exists. But now this is a tangible object with words. The words don't change, they stay there. Right.


Like a tablet. And something kind of interesting about that is like a milestone or a tangible thing that now it exists in the world. Right. And psychologically that says a a lot to me. So like, even when I do die, that's still there. So that maybe it can help somebody even when I can't be there to talk with them or whatever it might be. Or even exist. Right. Something where It'll exist long after You died. Yeah. It's pretty, I it's pretty interesting 'cause I do movies and things like that, or music. Those are like the same thing as a conversation. They just sort of exist in the moment. Like, you know, it's great going to a concert, but then it's over. Right. And then that's it. Well, what happened, well, I can tell you about the concert, but something about something existing beyond your, your, your life is something pretty interesting.


What was the process like of writing? Did you physically sit down and write things? Did you, how did you do It? Initially? Initially, I, I have a, a ghost writer who helped me. 'cause I've never written a book. I've, I've written a lot, but I've never written a book. It says, so we wanted to get the format right. And so we would work through this format. It's almost like an outline. And then, so we'd just do interview by each of the sections of this outline that we put out. And so then we would just talk like this. And they told me, let's talk about this thing. Tell take me moment by moment and the accident. I'm like, alright, let's do that. And we'd meet every day for like two, three hours, however long I could sustain going word by word on it. And we'd record all the things. And I would write on my own 'cause it would kick up new memories.


And started writing about the Lamaze thing. And oh gosh, that came up. And let me, that became a whole chapter in the book about breathing, breathing ex my, my, my awareness to breathing and how it became so important in my life anyway. So I just kept going and writing and writing and writing. And then I would do talks to, to companies. I would speak to kids at schools. I would all, this was part of the writing experience. 'cause you can ask me the same question and then, but we're in this environment. But then if I'm with my family and I tell the sa answer the same question, it's a different, it's the same kind of answer, but different. So I kept learning more and more data and information was stored in my brain and my heart and my spirit. And had to unearth it and put it down into words, which is, which I found to be the most difficult thing.


'cause as we speak, like I'm doing now, it's, it's, it's, it's free to speak as whatever you want, but to write down the words, oh wait, there's accountability to the words because they're written. Right. And you didn't have more, you have more word choice. Right. My brain doesn't operate as fast as I'd, I'd like to for my vocabulary. Right. It'd probably drop way too many f-bombs instead of like really great words that I do know. Right. You know? So it was nice to be able to take the time and spend the agony to really kind of express word by word through it, you know, in a, in a very real honest way. It's like, it's more like a, like a diary, a recounting diary than it was trying to be fancy with words and overcomplicate something that's really quite so simple.


What was the process like of going over the words and deciding what to keep and what to edit out and how to, how to format everything and what, what order to talk about things in the, The order always was working for me from the beginning. It allowed for flexibility for what would come up in conversations in, in the writing. It allowed for fluidity. But there's a beginning, middle, and end to this. We already knew the end or already knew the beginning. Right. And so it, it was, it was the branches off of, I didn't know I was gonna talk about Lama in this book. Didn't know. That was a huge milestone in my life that got me to understand what conscious breathing was and mitigate pain.


'cause there's this, a whole thing about Lama. I was taken at 12 years old. My mom was pregnant with my sister. And she said, put down this the cleat son, you're not gonna soccer practice. Just grab a pillow. You're coming with me to the class. I'm like, what class? And it was Lama's class at the YMCA and my stepdad was out driving a truck or something. And so my mom, she needed, also needed me not to be alone. And she needed, you know, whatever. So she brought me the oldest and I laid there with a pillow between her legs and teach her how to breathe. And short, short breaths. And then they pulled down a screen. Then they showed this midwife birth at home in a bathtub and squirting out water. This whole thing. Like, what's going on? I'm 12 years old. I'm like, I'm mortified.


Like, what happened? Is that a whale breaching What was going on? You know? And so that came up in just sort of me and my partner talking about it. And he's like, dude, you don't realize that. I'm like, yeah, well, that's why the book's called My Next Breath. You know, it's all about breathing. And breathing was such essential part of my recovery, my central part of my ex, you know, not dying. And to get through each and every moment the perspective of, of breath. And it is not a conscious thought. It is. Right. It just, it just, it's reflexive in our body. And when we make it a consciousness, when we invest into our breath, what you can do with your mind, with your breath.


Right. It opens up. Like if you, the more you breathe, the more you get oxygen in your body. It's just feeding all of us. It feeds you, it feeds only feeds you like, because like yawn, people yawn. And I say the example of like, oh, you, you're tired. No, you're not tired. It's your body that you know, that you need to breathe. Get more oxygen in your, in yourself. Right. So it's, you're not tired. You just need more O2. That's all. Yeah. Your body's making that happen. Isn't it fascinating that everybody breathes? So everybody thinks, oh, breathing, what's the big deal? It's like, have you ever read James Nestor's breath? Or it is actually breathe, I guess. But it's an amazing book on breathing techniques and the history of breathing techniques and all the different things that people have achieved with breathing techniques, including holotropic breathing, which achieves psychedelic states of consciousness.


And all these, you know, different feats of incredible physical endurance that people have achieved through breath work. It's a pretty amazing book. Yeah. And he was a guest of mine on the podcast a few years back, but I, I read his book and started really getting into it and really trying to practice different breathing exercises and great, you know, there's a bunch of breathing exercises you can use for anxiety for overcoming very stressful situations. But when you say that to most people, oh, breathing, they're like, oh, you're one of those guys. They're like, oh, you're concentrating on your breathing. What else are you concentrating on? Blinking? You know, it's like, because it's like, You know what I mean?


Yeah, yeah. It's like You can minimalize it. Yeah. You can, You can, you have reductionist perspective where you don't think it's anything big, and especially if you've never practiced it. Yeah, Yeah. But you, you know, especially with like yogic breathing, You can achieve some bizarre states of relaxation and consciousness through breathing. Yeah, yeah. Big time. Yeah. And you could, you could, I, I always try, whenever I explain it to somebody, it's, I, I just, I say like, when I use it, I just think I don't do it like on a daily basis. I mean, maybe now I do to, but it's like it's, I did it for like you said, for anxiety. When I was like nervous in an audition. Mm. How do I get out of this situation? Like, I'm not in my body. My heart's going like this.


I'm like, I'm not how I can't read these lines. And I hear like Sean Penn in the room and I'm supposed to go there and be, be better than this guy. I'm like, oh, I'm freaking out. I'm sweating. So I said, screw this. I leave the room, I go out of the building, I go out into the street like on Sunset Boulevard somewhere, find a tree that's rooted in this damn earth. I'm, you know, And it might look ridiculous and I don't care. But the courage to go down on your knees, go by the root be in this earth. It just takes some deep 10 deep breaths as cars are honking and da da on Sunset Boulevard. I don't give a shit. I'm back in my body. I'm back on this earth. Here I am, let's fucking go. Yeah. And I went back up in that room and I smashed that audition and da da da. I don't remember if I got the role or not, but it doesn't matter.


I was back in my body. I was back in on earth. Right. Right. I wasn't like in the state of hysteria or nervousness or that, you know, 'cause I don't like that feeling. So I found a way to overcome that feeling. Yeah. Some people might just live in that feeling all the time. They might like it. I don't know. I don't think they like it. Yeah. I don't think anybody likes it. I think the problem is you just get trapped in that feeling and then the moment something comes up that's very difficult. Yeah. That causes you to spiral again. You just, you lose control. Yeah. Terrible. And you're outta your head. Yeah. I think it's pain. It's one of the most difficult things about the, this whole audition process that actors go through is that, you know, there's this golden carrot that's at the end of the stick.


And if you do a good job, you might be a fucking movie star. You know what I mean? Which seems impossible. Right. Right. I mean, it must have seemed impossible before you pulled it off. Right. Yeah. Yeah. I know. It's, it was, that was never like something I was ever aiming for. Really? What were you aiming for? Truth in every, in everything I was doing. Truth. Yeah. Honesty and truth. How did you get, because if I don't believe it, then how do I expect someone watching me to believe it? You know? I have to ensure that everything I'm doing is truthful and honest and courageous and bold And you know, all the things. So it was never to try to be a movie. I just wanted to work always. Right. I never wanted to be famous. How did you acquire that perspective?


Oh, I don't know. It's, it's, I was clear about what I wanted. Very clear about what I wanted. I didn't move down to LA to be famous. I moved to LA to be in a movie, be in a movie that was big enough that I would play in Modesto, California, where I'm from. 'cause I don't get all the movies there. Right, right. And being a part in that movie that I wouldn't have to tell my family, you know, I'm the guy in the red shirt waving in the background. It's a part big enough that you would just know, I mean, in the movie. Yeah. So, and I got that, all those goals in the first job I ever did on camera in this National Lampoon senior trip movie. So then I had to recalibrate now new goals to, to also get myself da da da. And I was working enough so I never, my goals were always to like, and then I wanted to be a, you know, the lead in a, you know, by the time I got like Dahmer and then Hurt Locker and all these kind of stuff, it just kind of made, I was ready for that stuff.


But I was like 38 by that time I was like the new guy in town at 38. Right. So Isn't that crazy? Yeah. I was just, I was just ready. And you know, I did my journeyman stuff. Locker's Fucking amazing. This is one of the most complex movies about a very bizarre psychological state that people acquire or, or that people fall into when it comes to war. Yeah. Yeah. I was a what was It like getting into that mindset? It's, it was interesting. I gotta spend, you know, I was it Fort Erwin for about a year learning how to build bombs and render them safe, you know, for a year. Yeah.


Yeah. And just gotta spend time with the guys and gals off ca off camp, off campus, off base. Interesting. I love, I love the whole experience, you know, and then gotta go shoot the movie. And that was on the Iraqi border in Jordan during the war. And it's 135 degrees and a hundred pound bomb suit. You know, you're just, it's not even hot anymore. It's just sort of like, you let that go. It's just, you just are, it's kind of a spiritual sort of place you have to go in that kind of, that kind of heat. Right. Yeah. And also you're drinking enough water. Like, you know, how am I drinking all this water? You're not even taking a leak. And like, yeah, I'm so dehydrated. I gotta be careful.


And that's, you know. Yeah. Pretty, pretty interesting. Pretty interesting experience. You know, What were the conversations like when you were talking to the people that actually did that? Well, Most of 'em looked like, you know, school teachers. There's like one, one or two guys that one guy was like, kind of built, like huge big guy Bryan Guy. The rest of 'em were like, you know, the guy that I know did three tours. He was, he just, he looks like he's totally outta shape. His stomach goes way bigger than his chest. He just kind of do, do do kind of, this guy did three tours. This guy's no joke. It's all mental. It's all such a mental game. 'cause you have to be cool in those high intense situations.


Right. 'cause you're dealing with 1 5, 5 explosives that'll blow this building off the block. And the, the, the, the level of intensity is really interesting. Like, they were so comfortable around C four and all these things and blah, blah. And you gotta be careful, these blasting caps and all these things that people were getting injured all the time. They got really uncomfortable when I took them to a bar in LA Why? We were sitting at the bar and I asked, I'm like, what's going on? It's the, it is the big guy, I can't remember his name. He's like, I don't like where we're sitting. Like, why? What do you mean? He's like, I need my back to the wall. I need to know where the exit's at and Right. Mm. And like interesting. Like, because I sit like that kind of as well.


I don't like to have, I don't think it's a trust issue. I just like to kind of, I'd have my back to somewhere. I know the exit exit is where the bathroom is. I looked for the, the most dangerous man in the room, the hottest girl in the room. I just do like a, like a terminator checklist. Right. And that was supported by how these guys thought. And it's that same kind of thing. They just noticed everything, data. Okay, now I can go be here. I assess the room right. And I feel safe. Situational Awareness. Yeah. Such awareness. I always had that. But like really doing that role and spending so much time with these crew of amazing people just heightened that for me. The, I've always been quiet and observer and this is where I just got information. I could tell you the color of the, of the hinges, if they match the finish on the doorknobs in places.


And it's just that my, how my brain works. Mm. And always. Yeah. Yeah. Well it's also, I'm a home builder and designer, so I kind of pay attention to that kind of stuff anyway. But it sort of just kind of helps me out in life, I guess. And so when you were preparing for Hurt Locker, was it your decision to spend a year doing this? Well, No, it wasn't about the amount of time. I think I was maybe to go for maybe a few months. Catherine Bigelow, the director, just sort of introduced me, said, right, they, they're ready for you out the base if you wanna go. So I kinda went out and just kind of did it all on my own and just waiting for the movie to kinda get up and get green lit and go. And it just took a little bit longer. I think we're waiting for one of the actors that was doing another job to finish.


And then we could start. And then, and then it wasn't an easy independent film to kind of get up and get rolling. But once we did, we were rocking. But yeah, it, it didn't meant to be like a year, year and a half. It was, she just called me and she's like, are you ready to go? I'm like, yeah. Like, like I'm getting deployed. Like, yeah, let's go. I'm ready. And then I also, like, we didn't even have a, like an EOD sort of tech on, on the shoot. I had to be the person that, and I'm, I had to call back. I'm like, I don't know. This doesn't look right. They set up these, these one five fives And it, it's electrical And it should be debt cord and all these, all these things that I learned. But I wasn't an expert by any means. I I I, I just wanted to make it look authentic in the movie. So I had to call back and call me back.


I mean, took a picture of this shit. I don't think it's right. Oh wow. And yeah, so I Well that's fortunate that you had so much experience then. Yeah, It was great. It was great. 'cause if there's anything out in that movie, especially for people that actually did that, that takes you out of It. Yeah. You know? Yeah. You know? Yeah. And I wouldn't wanna do that 'cause we wanted to be very authentic to what we're doing. Yeah. We, we are still making a movie, but let's live in this world. And look, the, the, the narrative is the, the characters that live in this bizarre world in a very relevant time Yeah. In this, this war that we're in. And, and, and also the struggles of, you know, soldier in civilian life and 'cause they were civilians and now they became soldiers.


They'd be put in prison for life, for doing the shit they're getting paid to do now. Right. And that, you know, and that was what wonderful sort of outcome of the movie, of how it bridged that sort of gap or the struggles of with PTSD and coming back from this harrowing sort of existence and war and then coming back and like, like the serial aisle. Right. That example of like, oh, really? Like, you know, or in the rain and like, you appreciate the sun. It just, it's just such a polar opposite. And like, this is my existence. And it became such a really a wonderful sort of starting point for like wives to deal with their husbands that came back. Like they can you kind of understand a little bit of what they might've gone through just in general, like the, the broad strokes of how hard it is.


And then to come back and then like, you know, change diapers and to the thing. You know what I mean? Right. It's, that became such a, a powerful thing in, in that narrative that I found after we did it. And we were showing it to all the military bases. And it's, it's always gonna be a special experience in my life. And I'll always be connected to a lot of soldiers 'cause of that. Well, it was a really well done movie And it was the way you could Well it's, there was a thing about that movie that made you think in a way, or made me think in a way that I don't think I ever thought before. Like, oh, I never considered what this transition to civilian life is like after dealing with the unbelievable stress Yeah.


Of being in a war zone diffusing bombs and then wanting to go back. Yeah. Yeah. Like it, but it made you understand. Yeah. It made you understand like, Oh fuck, he wants to go back. Like, oh my God, like watching a movie. Oh, when a movie can do that to you, when it could take you into that psychology of the person that would be in that state. Yeah. And, and make it make sense. Yeah. Like that's, that was a great movie. Yeah. I'm just happy to be part of it. It was more than just, you know, it wasn't just a story. It was like you're, you're documenting a very real condition. Yeah. That, you know, through art you put words to these people's existence where they don't, you know, they don't have anybody representing that.


Yeah. You know? Yeah. That's why it means a lot to me. And, And it, they let me know it means a lot to them. And that's the most special thing. Like, fuck it, the movie part of it. Yeah. I mean it's, it's created a dialogue for a lot of broken families or, and, and United Families better, or Yeah. There's a, like you said, it's a, a greater understanding of like that difference of soldier civilian life. It's a great bridge for it. Yeah. I remember Very proud of that. I saw, and then I went back to the comedy store and I, I said, oh man, we, we saw Hurt Locker last night. And my friend went, dude, and I went, dude, and that was like all we had to say, like, Fuck man, That it's like that It was that kind of movie that's just like, oh my God.


Like, it just gives you anxiety. And it also, it also just makes you like really reflect and, and think about what war is and the, and the requirement that you're putting on human beings to try to get them to transition from this insane chaos back into civilian life with no real guidance. Yeah. Just, you figure this out now you're, now you're back in this in the serial aisle. Yeah. Yeah. We're Starbucks Or Yeah. Yeah. You're like, ah. Yeah. Yeah. It's interesting. How do you decide, like what roles to pick when you know, you're at this sort of stage in your life where you're so well known, you know, you people come to you with things and you have to decide whether or not this project is something that resonates with you.


Well, now it's different. You know, the, the central part of my life for, for so long was my career. And then my daughter came around and then she's number one. So then I would do the job that would allow me still to be a father. 'cause I, I'm not gonna not be a father. 'cause my job takes me away for long periods of time. Right. And I'm just not doing that in far places. So I would, so I'm not, I'm not working outta the country anymore once my daughter was born. So I always had reach and access to my daughter, you know, as fast as I needed to be. And then now after the incident, I, it's even tightened up more and loosened up more.


'cause my daughter is now 12 and she doesn't need me as much. She wants her friends a little bit more. Right, Right, right. A little bit low on their to pole just temporarily. I know. But, and also I can, I can travel. Like, I just worked last summer on a job This's movie called Knives Out. And then they got, I got brought my whole family with me. Knives Out was great. Yeah. It's awesome. Yeah. It, so this is gonna be a really good one too. But I was able to bring my entire family out. Like 15, 15 people came out. 'cause they, a lot of 'em not well traveled. And I gotta see a lot of Europe. Took my mom and my daughter to the Olympics in, in Paris. Dope. Gotta spend. Spent a couple weeks in Italy And it just kind of celebrate. Oh, that's cool. Yeah. So we can do that kind of stuff now. So I did the job essentially just to have a summer vacation with my family.


Oh, nice. So that's kind of how I decide. And also, I did love the character. I did love. I mean, come on. It was, it was all that has to line in there too. I'm not just gonna do a job for a job, but I just lined up. But my family has to be involved. My daughter has to be involved, friends have to be involved. Otherwise I'm not going to remove myself from all those shared experiences with people in my life just so I can go do a movie. I don't want to do any movie that bad. So that's my limitation. Well That's, that limitation's real success too. Did really choose things that you're actually passionate about. Yeah. That fit within these parameters that allow you to live your life Correct the way you want to. Yeah. And work with people. That


This episode is brought to you by Manscaped. Father's Day is right around the corner. And when you're a dad, time is precious. You've got kids work a busy schedule. Manscape Dome Shaver Plus is exactly what you need. This electric shaver is fast, efficient, and gets the job done. We're talking about a smooth shave that feels as good as it looks. Look guys, we've used a lot of razors. Some of them are too rough. Some of them leave cuts. But this thing is next level. The Dome Shaver Plus features four stainless steel rotary blades designed with skin safe technology to help reduce nicks and cuts. It's innovative. Flex adjust technology also ensures every blade adapts to the angles of your head and stays close to your scalp for a precision finish. And the design is top notch. It's waterproof, lightweight, ergonomic. And I'm telling you, you're gonna feel like a king every time you use it. Try it risk free with their 30 day money back guarantee. This Father's Day. Treat yourself or the dad who deserves it. To the ultimate grooming upgrade. Visit manscape.com and use the Code Rogan for 20% off, plus free shipping worldwide. That's 20% off. And free shipping with the Code Rogan. Don't wait. Join the mothership of Shaving Tech and grab the Dome Shaver. Plus today,


this episode is brought to you by Rocket Money, with prices going up on just about everything. Lately, being smart with your money isn't just a good idea. It's essential. But managing subscriptions, tracking, spending, and cutting costs can feel overwhelming. Lucky for you. Rocket Money takes the guesswork out of it so you can easily make smart decisions. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. You got to know how useful it is to see all of your subscriptions in one place and know exactly where your money is going every month. And for the subscriptions that you don't want anymore, rocket Money can help you cancel them. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in cancel subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when they use all the app's premium features. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Download the Rocket Money app and enter my show name, The Joe Rogan Experience in the survey so they know I sent you. Don't wait. Download the Rocket Money app today and tell them you heard about them from my show.


Inspire me and I think I, you know, I'm just not gonna do a job. Like you can't pay me. I mean, you can put a trillion dollars in front of me. Go do this. You only need you for two weeks. I'm like, well, it doesn't fit, it doesn't check all the boxes that have real value. Right. The shared experience, the joy with my daughter, my family, and my friends. And, you know, then it's just not worth it to me. You know, I, I don't need to go act for a to do a job. I don't. Right. You know, you do it 'cause you want to. Yeah. Yeah. And that's, that's to me what retirement is. And I'm doing what I want to do. Right. Which do I wanna do it with? And I'm still always gonna be busy in work all my life. I'll do that. Yeah. But it's not Retirement. Yeah. But it, but it is, it's Just a better life. Well, it is in my mind.


I'm a busy guy and I like, I like to, I like to, I like to contribute. I'm very busy doing the renovation foundation. Right. Which is a huge, big central part of my life with my family that runs this, this charitable foundation in my community in Lake Tahoe for foster youth and disadvantaged youth and giving them opportunities that they don't have these poor kids. And that's great. And I love that. I love, I get but is that retirement is like, you know, it's, it's gonna keep me busy for till I die. Isn't that, it's weird that you have to frame things in a turn like career or retirement. It's really just life. Life and passions. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. But I don't think a lot of people are doing what they want to do in their life anyway. Right. But yeah, I, I'll always, always work, always do the things I love to do.


And I still continuing to do the things I love to do just on my own terms. Right. I wouldn't be able to start this foundation if I wasn't living life on my own terms. I'm satiated beyond satiated. I don't need anything. I require a shared experience on this earth. And that is it. This is more so now since the accident. Well, it's always been that, but there was a lot of things in the way or things I allowed to be in the way, or things I put in the way Allowed to be in the way. Yeah. I allowed to be in the way. And now I do not. I refute it. I push it away. I am certainly clear when I put obstacles on my own way, when I get my own way. We all do that shit too. But, so I, I'm just very, very, very clear and I keep, I oversimplify life because life is just that simple.


Mm. If we complicate it, then you're gonna have an over complicated life and it's just not as valuable. I think I live both. Yeah. And the wonderful over oversimplification has allowed me to, again, use the word retirement in my mind. I'm just living a life that I wanna live. Right. That I deserve to live, that I choose to live and not be limited or rabbit hole or victimized by society or the country I'm living in, or the neighborhood I'm living in, or the job I have or, you know, I just not, I don't have any limitations. Right. Because I'm, I'm making manifest everything that I have in my life. And it feel, it feels great And, you know, I'm the captain of the ship.


That's amazing. It might take a minute to turn this bitch around. Right. But I'm the captain of this damn ship. It's called my life. And I think everybody has a capacity to do so. Well. That's another beautiful thing of living life by example, that can inspire people. 'cause that's really what people want to do. They wanna live a life where they feel like, this is great, like what I'm doing is what I want to do. They don't, most people, they don't live like that. Most people, they have this dream in the future, one day I will be able to live the way I want to, but I'm not doing it right now. Right. Right. I think, I think that's a trap personally. Yeah. I think you're doing it already. The journey is there. There's no end result besides Yeah. You might, I know. But there's so many narratives that people adhere to.


There's so many narratives out there in culture Yeah. Where they tell you, you should be doing this and you should be doing that. Yeah. This is a concentrate on your 401k and your this and that. What are your investments and Yeah. And you fucking, the end of the night, you need a pill to go to sleep. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I mean that's, it's, it's even crazier now with social media and all that. All the, that's poison. That's this white noise of Garbage, man. I mean, I've been off it lately for like the last few weeks. Yeah. Where I, I literally just check it when I'm taking a shit and that's it. Yeah. I look at pro too. I look to see if there's anything crazy going on in the world, just so I know.


Yeah, yeah. Like what's, what's happening. Yeah. But I don't ever get involved. Yeah. I don't ever like, argue with people or post things and I just see people doing it and I'm like, you're losing your fucking mind. And I've had conversations with friends and they're like, you know, You know what? Fucking this and that and that and this. I'm like, why, why are you paying attention? This is like, let's go outside. Look, look at all the birds. Yeah. Look, It's beautiful. Look at the clouds. What a lovely day. Like you're, you're alive in America in 2025. It's like a magical time to be alive. And you're concentrating on some shit that literally has no effect on your life and you're making it your primary focus. Yeah. That is the definition of madness.


Yeah. I mean, it really Is. Yeah. You're freaking out about things that aren't even here. Yeah. Well, that's where you get in your way. You're giving that value. You don't have to, You know. Yeah. Yeah. But, you know, it's just like perspective is a very difficult thing to earn. And so It is, it is. Well, right. What, how do we get it? How do we get it? Experience. Right. Experience overcoming adversity. Developing character. Shared experience. That's a big part of it. Yeah. You know, like with people that you love and you, you really connect with Who you surround yourself with. So important. Right? Yes. That's most of the key to life. Yeah. Like, if you surround yourself with really great people, you're forced to become a really great person.


It's like you have to keep up with it. Yep. This foundation, tell me how you started that. Initially started with a, a show that I produced and put on Disney Plus, which is called Renovations. And it was taking, I didn't like to see a lot of vehicles go to waste, like purpose-built vehicles like a city bus or a fire truck and all these things that supposed to go long, long, long ways. But they just replace them even though they're perfectly good vehicles. So I wanted to repurpose those and help them and help, you know, communities in need. And like, so it's taking like a built one to be a water truck, like a box truck. To be a water, water treatment plant to give kids in villages with terrible water and be able to, you know, reverse osmosis their water and give 'em drinkable water at their school.


Or take a, there's a, it's like a city bus and turned it into like a dance studio, mobile dance studio for these kids in, in Mexico. And just these creative sort of things. And it's kinda like pit my ride, but with like, real valuable Oh, that's cool. Things, you know, just take these really cool purpose-built trucks and staying and make it something really spectacular for these kids. All kids driven to give them what their, their, what their needs are. And then I just went into, like, I didn't wanna make it about just vehicles. When I wanted to start the foundation, it became a wonderful calling card. And then I, so I started the foundation and my sister works for DCFS was Child Protective Services in Los Angeles County. And one of my best girlfriends in, in Reno.


She also works for CPS Child Protective Services there. So I've been working with foster youth for many, many, many years privately. And now I just wanted to really get invested into the community. So I started small in northern, greater northern Nevada. And it's into, my sister now is running it and, and Shana is running it as well with me. And the whole family's now gotten involved. And it's been really wonderful to come back from the incident, have this be a central goal for us to celebrate our time together as a family and to give back to these kids that are in great need. And it is, it is a been a dream of mine that I've been wanting to do for a long time.


And now do it publicly. I've been doing it privately for a long time and to really make a, a big, big splash And it, and make a lot of movement for these kids. And it, it's, I think it's one of the reasons why I was brought back outside of all the other things. But I think there's something working in my favor to, to come back outside, just, you know, my family and, And it, I think it is my reach to kids and my ability to have a great effect for them. And it's been a couple years now and it's already been move, move the mountains for kids already and we'll continue to do so. This is like me breathing. This is easy. I love this. This is a part of my fiber in my body. I'm the oldest of seven in my family.


I've been changing diapers and living as the oldest. It's sort of my birthright to be able to do. What makes it even cooler is that I'm a, I'm a Marvel superhero, so I have like a reach and access to these kids, right. That they even listen to. Right. They're like, oh cool, let's go to camp with Hawkeye. That's just dope. And, and they all show up with plastic sacks. Right? And this is like all their valuables in their life And it makes me weep. Right. And this is all they're worth. And they show up with hefty bags, all of them. So we give them rollers with their names on it and a passport. And there's a journal and they can, I'm gonna change the narrative of this, of their, of their tra You're a traveler now. You're a world traveler. You're not, you're not carrying your trash around for all your, your worth in it. Your worth is much bigger than that.


We're going to just planting seeds like that in their head and then creating community for them. Creating opportunities for them safe places for them. Giving them more educated stuff. Giving, we gave, we brought in a recording studio bus for 'em to touch all these instruments that they didn did never have access to. Who knows what that does? I don't care. Let it, let have access to things. Right. Give these kids opportunities that they deserve. Mm. This is the future of our fucking planet. Why aren't we giving more time and effort to that? It's the future of our world, man. Let's give them, let's give them all the tools. We need another Elon. We need other super smart, amazing people, man. We need that. Yeah. We need other leaders. And You know, what do we give in our youth, especially our foster youth?


Man, it's not a good look. They haven't gone through a lot of struggles, these kids, man. And, and they're not gonna struggle. Not on my dime. Not on my time. That's amazing. So it's an easy for thing for me to do. I love, it's a great focus for me that's outside of it's things I enjoy. Right. I still do things that I enjoy. I just get to do it with these kids and have, they teach me so much. I learned so much. They keep me in a really, you know, youthful spirit. I, it's, it's harrowing to hear what they've been through. Joe. I don't like to know. My sister knows all about it. Shana knows all about it. 'cause they get the phone calls, they have relationships with a lot of these kids.


They know. Dude, I mean, I'd flip you'd, you would, you'd probably react like I would You wanna flip a table? You wanna go hurt some people, you know? And it, it's, so I'd prefer not to know how they got touched and who did it and da da, you know, this kind of stuff. I just try to choose to focus on let's give these kids a plant. Some seeds of hope. Right. And I'm good at that shit. That's awesome. And I love it. So we're on jet skis talking about they've never even been to this lake and da. So whatever the heck it is. New experiences, new joy, new friends. They're all crying at the end of this camp. 'cause they had such a good damn time. One of 'em was getting adopted and she was crying because like, I can't come back because I'm not a foster kid anymore. I've got adopted. Like, no, you can come back. You know, you know you did good then.


Wow. When she didn't want to get adopted. Like, ah, it means we're doing something right for these kids and when gonna continue doing it. And we're doing it not only just as a camp, but we're doing like lots of programs throughout the year to keep the community of the foster youth community together. A lot of these kids are brothers and sisters that never get to see each other. 'cause they're in separate homes. Right. Separate cities. One's in Vegas, one's in Reno. Right. This that's dude, yeah. You can't do that. No, you can't do that. So we're doing our best to unite community. Right. Unite We need each other. Yeah. These kids need each other even beyond they, they don't need me. They need access and reasons to be together. So it's, it's helping the, the foster parents. It's helping the kids. It's wherever we can do, we're gonna start building youth centers as well.


We'll be building homes as well in the future with the foundation. But we're starting step by step breath at a time. Brick it brick by brick and building camps and, and activities and education for them. And it's, I love it. You can see how much I love it. I can talk About this days, man, this is you, you lit up when you talking about it. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I feel, yeah. I love it, man. I can't, we have these camps coming up here in June and July, so I'm pumped. Can't wait to finish this job and go, go, go back Home. That's incredible. Yeah. It's kind of shocking that it takes individuals to be inspired to do something like this because society doesn't put any emphasis on this.


Well, it's like, look, there's a, there's foster states have foster programs, right? There's F's That's why. But there's gaps in the system, man. Yeah. It's like kids forgotten. Kids are forgotten. And then some of 'em are, it's, you know, it's, it's, it's tragic. It's, but put a spotlight on something, put energy into something it builds. And I got a loud voice and a big heart. And I'm very actionable what I do. And that's why the foundation's growing and, and, and, and making the, the moves and, and making the paving ways for, for these kids. So I'll keep doing it, man. It's like, it's easy to me. And how long have you been doing this now?


Publicly? Only a couple years. It's just, just started out. So, you know, then it's like, not only about, oh, all the non-profit stuff. It's like, oh man, it's like going out and asking for money. So I don't do that. I'll go do like voiceover jobs and like, put money in the account for, I, I hate asking for money for, for foundation stuff. You know, I'll let somebody else kind of bother that. I, I I do, I stay in my lane. Well that's great. I work with the kids and work with the, the ideas and the programs. And I let my sister and those guys in the, on the board deal with like, you're having to raise money and all those kind of things. It's just not my wheelhouse. Well unfortunately, when people hear non-profit, they always think, okay, well where's the money really going? Well, That's the way it is. And that's where we operate at 8%, I think.


8%. Oh, that's great. Yeah. Nobody does that. That's Incredible. That's the opposite of how they're usually done. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. So, I mean, even if we got to, 'cause no one's, no one takes anything except just basic operating costs. And if we're operating at 8%, I think maybe 13%, it's like all the money's going to the kids, man. All of It. That's Incredible. All of it. All of it. So, and so I'm trying to get to the, the bank account to be full. So we only operate off the interest. Once we're there, then we can really start to, start to move needle for, for building things and doing some stuff in the future. So I'm excited for that. Are you gonna expand this? Yeah. It'll grow. It'll grow. I'm, again, I think they, to keep effective for me is staying in, in the home area or just the state of Nevada at least.


And not, not going too far. So, 'cause I, I still, I'm very, very hands on and it's important for me to, to be the voice for the foundation and and for these kids and an advocate for them. And so I, I nevada's kind of the goal for the least, maybe the next five years for sure. And there's still a ton of kids that I, I have not reached and need to reach. So I I I focus on that. That's amazing, man. Yeah. Yeah. Then there's a then there's use, then there's like getting the, that these use that they age out. But getting back into being counselors back in the camp, there's a great thing with UNR. They, they to get a free ride at the, at the, the university.


And a lot of 'em are going back into sociology and psychology and wanna go help kids in foster. Like, this is so great. So I want to give them opportunities to come back and, and help the youth and maybe give them guidance. God, this is awesome. Self-healing and cathartic in its own way. Whatever we can do, man. It's a, it's, it's a, it's a, it's a wonderful, wonderful life. It's amazing. 'cause you light up when you talk about that like nothing else we've talked about so Far. Yeah, man. Yeah. It's, yeah, it is. It's everything. It's, it's, again, I'm focusing my energy on all the positive stuff, you know, 'cause and I, because I can't, I'm too sensitive to deal with the, the, the hardships that they go through.


So let me just be a, a, a guide, a guiding light for 'em or, or someone to laugh on. Like they, to sign my t-shirts, whatever they wanna do. I don't care. I'm their, I'm their playground. I, I I love it, man. Again, I think it's, it's, I think it's the reason why I came back, Joe. That's incredible. Yeah. Well you could see that it means so much to you. Yeah. Yeah. And that's just, if you could find something like that in life, you're a winner. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, just the, you'll think of the, the amount of positive energy you've put out there in the world. Yeah. And it that's it's pretty exponential too. Comes back and Then also comes back how it cascades. Yeah. Yeah. The ripple effect of that Yeah. Is insane. It Change their life.


Yeah. They'll change other people's lives. Yes. Yeah. And it then comes back. It's, it's, it's pretty what you put out in the world is what you get back, you know? Yeah. I, I see it every day. And it's exponential. Especially now since the incident, the ripple effect of just, dude, this happened in my driveway. It's a private experience. I woke up And it was a global thing. I didn't ask for that. I'm so kind of glad it did, allowed people to see me as the man now am and not the guy that slings an arrow. Right. You know what I mean? It's a fake arrow because it's cgi. Right, right. You know, so that, so I'm glad it became a, a big public thing.


But, you know, the ripple effect of, of just the, that this narrative of, of the recovery is, like you said, it can affect a lot of people. And it's a beautiful thing. It's a positive thing. And like the foundation and I see it and feel it every day. You really lead an exemplary life, my friend. Well, you really do. I, what's, what's the alternative? I know, but I mean, it's interesting that you have this perspective. Like, I'm, I'm always curious the people that have such an amazing perspective, like how did you gain it? Like how did you get to this place? Yeah. Well, I mean, you have to, I think you have to life and review, right? Yeah. You know, there's a life and review.


I think there's, I think, you know, there's birth order, right? There's also being in the seventies in the small town where I was a latchkey kid Right. Didn't I I was, I had free rain at, I was seven years old and a key to the house. Yeah. Didn't have to come home to the street. Lights came on. Right. Me too. You know, I mean, I made mistakes, you know, I broke windows and slingshots and stole shit and dad and light up the cigarette butt and my, my mom's and all this stuff. And it got caught. And sometimes, and I learned, I reprimand myself. I self policed myself. I was a very honest kid. You know, I had, there's a lot, lot of, a lot of things. You know, I, I had, I had a bicycle and then that was like freedom.


That's what I, I began like, oh, I have real freedom. I grabbed a fishing pole, I got on my bike and just went off into another county. Yeah. Like, that wouldn't happen today. I would never allow my daughter to Go Crazy walking across the street. It's Crazy. I had similar life. I was a latchkey kid too. And I just think the heart. Where was this? Well, I lived all over the place, but I lived when I was seven till 11. I lived in San Francisco from 11 to 13. I lived in Florida 13 till 24. I lived in Boston. Oh wow. Then New York and out here. Oh, wow. Or, and well, LA I'd rather, and then out here the last five years. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's a, I lived, lived all over the place. That's good mix. Yeah. That's a good mix. Right. Well, the good thing about living in a bunch of different places is, the bad thing is I never really developed roots.


Right. And, but I had to form my own opinions. 'cause I couldn't count on the opinions of all the people around me. I didn't, I didn't have like a core group of friends. Yeah. So I always had to like, sort of see the world for what it was wanted. Yeah. Did that make you an extrovert or an extrovert or both? I think I was an introvert initially. I don't think I ever, even though I talk for a living and I'm a public figure, I'm not really an extrovert, which is really odd. Like, I don't really like attention, which sounds crazy for someone who gets a lot of attention. Yeah. I don't need it. You know, which is probably why I get it for in some strange Right, right. Yeah.


Some strange, like, I was very socially anxious when I was a kid. Yeah. Like, I would, I would get super nervous when I had to talk to a bank teller. I remember one time I had to deposit money in a bank and I was like, why am I freaking out like this? This is so weird. Right. You know, but eventually overcame all that stuff. And then, you know, through martial arts who traveling around from all throughout my youth, from the time I was 15 till I was 22, that's all I did was travel around the country and competing. Mm. So I had a very bizarre life in that I didn't have like, the normal high school life of partying and hanging out. Right. And I was, you know, flying to California to fight.


Right. You know, it was weird. Right. It was a very weird life. Huh. You know, so I, you know, I di I still wasn't an extrovert. Like, I didn't really learn how to talk in groups of people until I, I'll start teaching because I started teaching martial arts and then that's how I learned how to public speak. Ah, interesting. But I was, was publicly speaking about something that I was very good at. Right. So it was like I commanded sort of attention just by, 'cause I would demonstrate to them things that I was doing and then in, in demonstrating and talking, it made sense that I was able to talk About something you knew pretty well. Yeah. And you're Comfortable in Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And you know, it's like I was really good at it so I could show them like, I'm gonna demonstrate something to you.


And then I'd, I'd do it and they'd be like, holy shit. I'd be like, I'm gonna show you how to do this. Yeah. And then if you listen to me, like I, I taught at Boston University and when I was 19, And it was a real counter towards your GPA. It was like, pass fail a and I'd say all you have to do is show up and try and you get an A and if you can't show up, call me. Tell me you can't make it and you'll be fine. If you fuck off, I'm gonna fail you. But if you just try, you get an A and then it counts towards your GPA. This is like a legit thing. Yeah. I go, all I want you to do is like, this can help your life. And I'm not thinking you're gonna go and fight and compete, but I can teach you something here.


Yeah. And it's difficult, but you'll get better at it. And through getting better at it, you'll learn how to get better at other things. Yeah. The discipline and Yeah. Yeah. It's great. So that's like how I got into comedy in the oddest way, like learning how to talk to people. Yeah. Like, 'cause I wasn't comfortable talking to people. I always felt like a loser and a weirdo and a, I always felt like an outcast. Yeah. So for, to, to learn how to talk publicly. Like that's how I did. Yeah. Yeah. You know, but all that traveling around just gave me this very bizarre like rootless sense of who I was as a person. Is there anything that you grabbed that from, from that experience that you hold onto? I mean, like to, you know, from, there's some positive things that kind of come out from that.


Right? Yeah. There's like, I, I, like, I went to a different school every year in my life, at least until I got to high school. But I was in the same town. It didn't move around a lot. Maybe just in the town I did divorce and all that sort of stuff, or schools were full, whatever it was. So I had to either engage with people Yes. All brand new people each grade, new school, a new grade. Yeah. And then, you know, when you're growing up, I, I was, I was more shy and I think more like you, like an introvert. So either I either was very gregarious or I just was an observer and Right. I just watched. So you just make choices. And that's why I became an observer. But with that, I don't know. I, I liked, I liked that part of me. And I can be extroverted, like I'm an actor and a thing, but I'm still more insular and quiet and Yeah.


Even though the two cool, quiet guys are yapping jaws off for hours. Well, I mean, you, it was hard, but I wouldn't have wanted it any other way. Yeah. Because I think it made me different, you know, and I think there's, unfortunately, if you are in like a small town and you're, you grow up in that town and you never leave that town, your perspective is very limited. Yeah. Yeah. Big time. And I moved around a lot and I think that was very uncomfortable. I hated it when I was a kid. Like, fuck, we're moving again to another state. Yeah. Like, this is cra But that made me who I am.


And it, And it again, it made me form my own opinions instead of adopting Yeah. A conglomeration of opinions that everybody around me had. Yeah. You know, and I, I went from very liberal and progressive San Francisco in the 1970s during the Vietnam War to living in Florida. Right. Where it was like completely the opposite. Like super conservative and kind of retarded. Yeah. And I remember just being around people like, why are they even, why do they even think like this? This is crazy. It was so strange to me. Yeah. To have this like complete juxtaposition, almost like a cultural 180. But it also made me realize like, wow, there's a lot of different ways to think. Yeah. There's a lot of different ways to engage with life.


Yeah. You know, Well, is it, don't we, like, especially growing up, right? Because you're saying like 7, 8, 13, 14, all those years, we, we, those we look to our friends and friendship groups that sort of like, kind of helped develop ourselves and Right. Yeah. Kind of be a reflection upon ourselves. And if you don't have it, you have other things that you, you know, you turn to. Yeah. But you know, there could, like you said, it could have been a terrible thing if you stayed in the same place and you had the same core four dudes. And then how limited your life would've been to staying in San Fran, or, you know. Yeah. So it could, it's like you said, there's a real good positive thing to take from being removed, from stability, removed from Right. That's all anxiety inducing and Yeah. That weren't to be perspective.


Right. The perspective could be, but if it's a positive perspective, you know, and to lean on. Yeah. Like you said, I like how I came and the thing, And it drove you into all the, the things that you probably like about yourself today. I think it's pretty interesting. Yeah. And it also, like, I got picked on a lot too, in which that's what drove Boston days. Me into martial arts. Yeah. Boston, Boston days. Yeah. I was like, yeah. Yeah. It's tough. I hate being scared of people. Yeah. It just drove me nuts. Yeah. And I didn't have friends, so like a group of guys would fuck with me and I didn't know what to do. So I was like, okay, I gotta fix this. And so like, I became obsessed with martial arts and then once I started doing that, it was like the first thing that I ever did. I was like, Hey, I don't think I'm a loser. I just think I never figured out how to get good at something.


And now that I'm really good at this one thing, I'm like the opposite of a loser. And then I became obsessed with winning, you know? And then that was like my whole life until I was like, I don't think I wanna do this anymore. And then I, you know, transitioned to other things, But that period of time wouldn't have happened if I lived in a comfortable environment where I wasn't fucked with. Right. Yeah. And where I didn't get bullied. Yeah. You know, I wouldn't have that desire to like do something that was completely terrifying. Yeah. Because I was scared of physical confrontation. So what do I do? Spend my whole life getting involved in like voluntary physical confrontation with trained fighters.


Right. Which is way more terrifying. Right, right. The most terrifying thing, you know? Right. You know, But that, Well, what's the alternative? Oh, just be scared and be bullied and beat the fuck up. Or That's why I, to decide. Yeah. You know, take, Take the Reins. And I had to decide that. Yeah. I just had to make this change, you know? Yeah. Fortunately it worked out. Yeah. It's very bizarre. The turns that life takes. And when you look back, you're like, what if that hadn't happened? What if I hadn't done this? What if I hadn't done, what if I hadn't turned left? And Instead Yeah. The crossroads are so, so, so instrumental in who we become. Right. And then also whether in control of that. Like we're not steering any shit at that point.


Right. No. So much of it is luck Yeah. Or whatever it is. Or fate, whatever fate means. Yeah. You know what I mean? Fate is kind of assumed once an outcome has been achieved. Oh, it was fate. Yeah. In hindsight, was it really? In hindsight You can say that. Yeah. I'm not Sure. Say that in the moment. Right. I do think there's, there's a certain power to following instincts. Yeah. Which I've always done for whatever reason. You know, there's a, there's a pull that you have towards a certain direction, even if it's like massively uncomfortable. Like sometimes you have to realize like, Okay, Let's go. Like this is what I'm supposed to do. And that, that is very hard to do. But once you do it a few times and then you start saying there, there's a little voice in your head like that motherfucker's never let me down.


I'm gonna keep serving that voice. Whatever that voice is, I'm gonna, I'm gonna keep listening. Even though people are like, what are you doing? And I'm like, ah, I'm not gonna listen to You. I hear that a lot. Yeah. I think so. Do a lot of people that have accomplished great things. Yeah. I don't think anybody who listens to the advice of everyone around them ever steps outta line. Yeah. You know, I think you, I don't think you ever really try anything crazy. Yeah. You get it. Because Most people aren't gonna wanna support you when you're trying something that seems insane. Whether it's trying to be a movie star or whatever it is. Yeah. Trying to be a martial artist or a rock star or anything in life that's hard to do. Most people are gonna tell you don't do that.


Especially people that are conservative in a conservative in a sense of like, do something that is gonna give you a, a good chance of success. Yeah. Because the more fun things are very open-ended. They don't really have a lot of success. Like what are the, what's, what are the numbers of people that become successful actors? Oh. I mean it's just, is It like a 10th of a percent? Is It even probably that It's probably not even That. Yeah. Yeah. Probably not Even that. It's probably less than that. I mean, if you could like, get a chart of like how many people move to Los Angeles to try to make it and show business. Yeah. And how many make it, it's gotta be an Astronom. Yeah. The numbers, the numbers aren't good. Insane.


Those numbers have to be insane. Yeah. But some, my thought was like, fuck, somebody's doing it. Like somebody did it. Like why can't I do it? And then people would say, you're not, You know what, with the odds you're gonna make it. Like, I don't know. Why am I thinking about that? Someone It can be done. Yeah. People have done it. Like you gotta, but you have to be willing to just really fucking throw yourself into something. Yeah. And know that especially in the beginning, there's no time to fuck off here if you really want to do something that's really hard to do, like you gotta be all in. Yeah. 'cause there's too many people that are all in Yeah. And you're competing with them.


Yeah. You're not competing with these like half steppers these people that are kind of dipping in and dipping out. Yeah. They're, they're there as an example for you to not live your life. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well there's in there like a kind of a selective hearing that kind of has to happen in, in anything for anyone. We have to listen and really listen to engage and really listen to learn and grow. Yeah. But then we have to have selective listening to like, how many times I was told no or told, I was told I was crazy. Oh yeah. Or to like, what are you doing? You outta your mind. I'm like, oh, now I was on, I knew I'm on the right track when I hear that because that's, that's the, that's the words of a fearful person. Yeah. Those, those are, those are, those are the words uttered from someone who's scared and not courageous and a lot of stuff's in their way.


I'm on the right track When people say that, you know, there are those people that would try to sabotage you because they don't want you to be successful because they haven't taken a chance in their life. So they don't want anybody who does, who's courageous to, they want you to fail. There's people out there that want people that are courageous to fall apart. Yeah. 'cause then it makes them feel better for their own choices. Yeah. It's okay. That's, They gotta, they gotta live with that. I know. I don't Right, Right, right. Yes. Take it a swim in that. I Know. But again, I mean, I think that those things are just like, you need the rain to appreciate the sun. Yeah. Yeah. You Know, you need to struggle to appreciate love. They, they have to coexist otherwise they don't exist. Right. Yeah. It's like a truth and a lie. They both have to exist otherwise everything's just fucking true.


Right, right, right. So that you have to coexist together. Otherwise you don't, That's the hardest part of life to truly understand. Like, why is there evil? Right. 'cause you Need love. Yeah. You need good. Like why, why, why can't everything be love? Well, it can't, it, it can't. There has to be evil people for you to appreciate loving people. You know, there really has to be kind people for you to, you know, to appreciate. Oh, okay. Life is not just all cruelty and but you have to know that cruelty exists for you to appreciate kindness. Yeah. Yeah. Weird. Yeah. It's a weird dance And it's, it's, it's strange. Yeah. Like if God is real, like what a strange game he's playing.


Right? Yeah. But you can kind of, when it all works out, you see wisdom in it. You know, you are like, I kind of get it. Yeah. Like he, the life is not just utopia. It's a strange mix of good and evil. Yeah. And, and, and love and hate and, and all these things that are in the way that you have to Overcome. Yeah. Those test, man, those tests, don't they suck. They do all the, all the tests we have in our lives and everybody has 'em, everybody. There's nobody that's exempt from it. No one. And how much money of successful, ugh. You are all, we're all susceptible to great tests and great suffering. Yeah. It's how well you overcome that suffering. And it will determine how well you love and deeply you love in your Life.


And also the people that have overcome the most are the most fascinating and interesting and complex people. Aren't, they aren't. Have you ever met Amanda Knox? Do you know who she is? Yeah, I know she is, but I Remember. But she's that woman that was accused wrongly of a murder in Italy. Yeah. I Remember that. She spent years in prison and in Italy and she is so fascinating. Yeah. She's so strong and so interesting. Hmm. And I asked her about this. I was like, do you ever think like you are this really unusual person with this like fucking cast iron integrity and character. Would you be this person if you hadn't been wrongly accused and spent years in prison and publicly persecuted?


Yeah. And then ev eventually absolved. Like, who would you be? I mean, would you want it any other way? I mean, I don't Right. I wouldn't wish that on anybody. Yeah. But yet here you meet her. She's so incredible. It's like, life is very, very odd. Yeah. And there's choices that she could have made Right. In, in that she could have been like resentful. Right. You know, I don't know how she is, so I don't know. She's not at all. No. Yeah. But like, you know, there's, and she could have been valid in any really kind of feeling she has about things. 'cause that's all sounds pretty shitty. Yeah. Right. You gotta, and, but you know, again, what's the alternative? You, you wanna hold on to resentment and that kind of, is that the life you wanna live?


'cause it's your choice. Right. Or how I like, fuck, it sounds like an interesting person to talk about, but you know her. Is it a choice or a choice for her? Right. Because she feel like it was a choice. Like, You know what, what what Certainly wasn't. Yeah, No. I mean, did you feel like that that made her who she is and she's content with that? Or, I mean, she's, she's certainly resigned to what it is, but she's very happy now. Right. But not just happy, like complex, like a complex compassionate, charitable thinker. What's the, what's the conversation if she's still in the, in the joint, you know? Oh yeah. You know, I mean, she's still in the clank and there's no hope of her getting out. Well, she learned a lot in there too. Yeah. I bet about people.


Like what the, the terrible choices that people make. 'cause most of the people that were in there were guilty. Mm. You know, and the, and the terrible choices that these people make. And like, what happened to you when you were young? Like why did you become a person who murdered your husband? Why did you become a person who, you know, robbed a bank? Yeah. Why did you, what, what, what went wrong? You used to be a baby. Yeah. You know? Yeah. This is just something that I really changed. One being a parent really changed my perspective of human beings in a very profound way in many, many profound ways. But one of the biggest ones is I stopped looking at people as being static. I stopped looking at, oh, Jeremy's 54, he's always been 54. This is how I know it now.


I look at everybody like, oh, you were a baby. You were a baby. Like, I, I, You know what I mean? Yeah. Like, you know, I, I love my daughters dearly and they're very extraordinary people, but it's been fascinating to watch them as little babies become these really complex human beings and conver have conversations with 'em and talk to them and see how they interface with life. And, and then I, you know, meet people who are all fucked up And, you know, angry and fucking hateful. And I'm like, God damn, what happened? Yeah. What, what went wrong? Yeah. You know, what are the things that, and how do you get out of this, you know? Yep. It's interesting.


Yeah. It's, you know, Well, I mean it's, it's, there's so many trials and tribulations in this wonderful existence that we all share. And I think we learn a lot through other people's, not just your own, but other people's. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. Well, that's the hope anyway. We can, right? Yeah. Well, I think a lot of people are gonna learn a lot through you And without having to do it in a fearful way or scare tactics or, or Right. You know what I mean? That doesn't really work. Yeah. Yeah. But it's used everywhere in media and Right, right. Advertising and all that kind of stuff. Right, right, right. But like, to do it in a, in an honest way or it's like, I hope I still learn by talking about my experience.


Right. I still learn by looking through the book or listening to the audio. I'll be listening to the audio soon when I have my daughter and all my nieces, nephews around. They're gonna listen to it. We're all gonna listen to it together because I'm not gonna have 'em Gopuff reading this thing. It's too harrowing to do it alone, but like, I'll be listening to it and I'm gonna learn to it. And, but, and with that experience and that exchange with these beautiful young creatures. Yeah. You know, so You'll be learning for so long. It's only been a couple of years, which is really crazy. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I'll, I'll, I'll keep, keep trying and testing the, the limits of, of my body and, and my mind and my spirit and what I can pass on to others, what I can give on to others that they give me. I mean, it is a vibrant, high, high vibration that I'm living right now.


And I I'm so blessed to have it and so much gratitude at every breath. I almost feel like I don't have to walk anywhere. I sort of live it. I just feel so lucky. And I think it's has to do with all the love and all the, all the, the, the goodness that this world has to offer. I think that's, that's gotten me through. And, and the, at the attitude of it, that perspective of that. 'cause it can be a very bleak, dark place.


Yeah. You know, but I, I choose to, I choose love, I choose action. I choose my perspective. It is my choice. And I, I've been, I've been in dark places where it wasn't quite so positive and so lovely And it was well before the accident. You know, I just like, you know, just kind of grumbly and grumpy and don't wanna leave my house And, you know, I don't want to go sign auto grad. I don't wanna be around people or you know, I'm just kind of whatever, you know, not a really great happy place perhaps, you know, like everybody has the right to be, But that doesn't exist at this point. You know, I don't get any more bad days, Joe.


That's amazing. Right. You're like, Fuck, I wanted that isn't incredible. Well, I can guess up the snow cap for you want I make it happen For you. Isn't that incredible? No more bad days, brother. Right? Wow. It's a, it's a perspective that is mine and a truth and a reality that is mine. 'cause I have a barometer to like Yeah, I know what a bad day is actually like. Yeah. And I was tested to my limits and I got through it luckily somehow some way. And it's, it's a, it's just a almost science at this point. It's a factual that it's just not gonna happen. I can't, no matter if I tried so hard to have a bad day, it's just not gonna happen. Yeah. I can have a bad moment. I can have, you know, frustrating times, but it's not, I'm just not gonna have a bad day and for the rest of my experience here on earth.


That's amazing. And I think that experience, this, this perspective that you're sharing is contagious. I think so too, dude. Yeah, I know, actually. I know. So I know. So, Yeah. For a fact, I think so Too, for a fact. It's, it's, it's a, it's sort of make manifestation of what your existence is. Do you want to be Yeah. And you can do it. Yeah. But you gotta believe it. You gotta do it. Yeah. Both those things. And I think that's why it's beautiful that you wrote this book. Yeah. My Next Breath. Yes sir. Thank you, Jeremy. It was awesome. I really, yeah, I really appreciate you. Yeah. Appreciate talking To you. Likewise, brother. You, you make me happy, man. You bring out a lot of good stuff in me. You reaffirm a lot of, of, of good things in me in a really, really meaningful way.


And I appreciate you. I Appreciate you too. Thank you. This was a lot of fun. Yes, sir. Thank you. I I'll see you to UFCs too, man. Absolutely. Okay. Go by this book, folks. Yes sir. Bye buddy. Bye-bye.