
Joe Rogan podcast, Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Yes. Good to see you. You too. We were just talking about boomers, about parents, parents that won. They, they don't wanna believe anything other than what they're getting from the news. It's been a challenge. My dad is an absolute lost cause My mom is now open to the conversation and she'll send me a bunch of different articles and then she'll allow me to disseminate from my perspective. But it, it's been, it's been a rough Ride. Yeah.


I've got them on peptides now, which is nice. Same. And I've got my, my stepdad on testosterone replacement, which is nice. And he's seen benefits of those things. So it's like they're slowly starting to incorporate some of these things, but their whole life, they've been told that the doctor knows everything and that the news is always correct. And anything contrary to the news is bullshit. And I, but arguably, when our parents were our age, it was reliable. I Don't think so. No. No. I think it's always been compromised. I just think there was no alternatives. That's interesting. Yeah. That's what I think. My Mom is a psychoanalyst PhD. This is a very educated, thoughtful woman.


And Sometimes that's the worst. No, no. She's, I, I would argue against in this case, I do appreciate people who see flaws in psychoanalysis, but I've learned a huge amount from my mom in this, in this area. And she also, she majored in journalism before changing careers to psychoanalysis. And so for her to even wrap her head around the fact that journalism can be compromised is almost inconceivable. Right. I I I would, I didn't mean psychoanalysis is bad. What I meant is that a lot of times educated people defer to other educated people. Oh. Like they're an expert. Their field. You're right. So they assume that all the other experts in their field are also correct. And any heretic is just a fool.


I, I, I would happen to agree with that point. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's why, you know, we were talking about fauci on the way in, and both of my parents could arguably canonize the guy, you know, or, or, or now I think I've broken through with my mom, but it has taken me since, since your episode with B Brett Weinstein in March of 2020. I have been working on it. Ah, we're getting there though. We're there crazy. Like crazy. We're there. It's been five years. Isn't that crazy? That was five years ago. It was like yesterday. I'll never forget it. Five Years ago. And I remember when that episode came out, people were freaking out. Like, what are you doing? What is Brett doing? This is bullshit. You're, you're gonna get us all killed.


It made perfect sense to me. Well, he was right. Clearly. And yet still, no apologies. No, no corrections except the government website. The COVID-19 website is now up, And it has to be because of Bobby Kennedy. I, I, Hey, I mean, the New York Times was like, oh, it looks, looks like this came from a lab. It's like, you really, Well, the best part about it was that like, I figure that out. We were misled. Yeah, you were misled by you. You fuckers. I know you did. It isn't that you did it. It's Disgusting. And there are zero apologies. No zero course corrections. And they unveil this information as though they are the purveyors of truth. Guys, we've got a headline. You're A little late. This Getting from a Love.


You're a half a decade late. That's right. You know what's really interesting? We've been talking, talking about this a lot lately, that imagine if the roles were reversed and if podcasters were the ones yelling at everybody to go out and take these experimental shots, and then they were experiencing all these complications and all these side effects. Mainstream news would be chastising us. Like, how dare you give people the advice to go out and do the, you're responsible for these people having all these side effects and all these unnecessary deaths and all these people that would've had no problem with covid, you encourage them to take this vaccine and they had strokes and they had this, and they had that. They'd be calling for us to get shut down. I actually did that. I did not know any better. And I was pitched a vaccine scientist and I thought like, oh, this is great.


Yeah, come on, come on the show. I didn't know the vaccine was gene therapy. I had no idea. So I knew it came from a lab that made perfect sense to me. And I was like, oh, well this is very clear. It's not, you know, from a wet market. But I was my, someone reached out to a producer of mine and said, you know, we've got this person who was a scientist who worked on the vaccine that wants to educate people. And I thought I was doing this major public service. I have had to apologize for that podcast. And I've left it up. What was the, the scientist? I cannot, Joe, I cannot remember her name. She was actually young. And the reason I remember that she was in her thirties is because she told me, oh, this tech has been around for 30 years.


And I thought, but you're only, you're like 35. I was like, no, no, no. We've been, we've been evolving this technology for 30 years and you see all of these trials for safety. It's just bureaucracy. I didn't understand what it meant to push something through that emergency use loophole at the time. Yeah. I didn't understand the difference of, oh, this is a dead pathogen and this is a live pathogen and we're worried about adjuvants. But this here, this is gene therapy. I didn't even begin to comprehend what that was, what it meant, or the fact that we would fuck around with something that was experimental. And the scariest part is, I had been talking with a woman named Brianne Dresen, who was injured during the AstraZeneca COVID-19 trials.


And the NIH was studying all of the people that had been injured during the vaccine trials as they ruled out. Yeah. The vaccine with no concerns and lied about every component from it stays in the shoulder. It's out of the body in 24 hours until you find out No, it's coated in lipid nanoparticles And it can cross the blood-brain barrier. Oops. Now they're finding out that people can still produce spike protein because the injections for over 700 days. And You can shed supposedly, Yeah. You can give it to your partner. It's insane. Crazy. And now they're, I mean, I'm certainly not an expert in mRNA tech, but now we're fast tracking other vaccines that utilize this same technology.


And I know for one, I don't think I'll take an mRNA vaccine ever scares the crap outta me. Well, You've heard Brett Weinstein talk about the flaws in just the technology itself and that, you know, the fact that when it gets into your body, if it gets, especially, you know, the thing is nobody aspirated. Right. They didn't inject people and pull back to make sure they're not on a blood vessel. They just plunged it, including when they, they did it live with Biden on television. Yes. Which I don't think that was a vaccine. I said to this day, people are like, yo, what a conspiracy theorist. Yeah. I think, yeah. I'm, I'm telling you right now, I think it's a conspiracy. I don't think they would take a chance in injecting a fucking 80-year-old man when you know that you have to like, stay there at the clinic for 20 minutes in case you drop dead On someone.


Yeah. You know, my wife's friend, her friend's son actually had the covid vaccine and the flu vaccine on the same day. He did supposedly stay for 15 minutes, got in the car, must have passed out, or had a seizure, had a tree, and died. Jesus had a crazy reaction to it. I know, I'm, I'm not trying to, I'm not trying to promote, you know, this anti-vax position, but Well, that's not a vaccine, you know, this Is Exactly, calling it a vaccine is fucking crazy. That's exactly it. It's The, it was a totally experimental gene therapy. And what, what Brett was saying about it is, if you don't aspirate, you're shooting it right into a blood vessel. If you're shooting it right into a blood vessel, it could go to all sorts of areas of the body where the body's gonna attack it like it's a disease.


Yeah. Particularly the heart. And it's like, this is why you get myocarditis. 'cause the heart doesn't heal, which is why you don't get heart cancer. Your heart just scars over. So people have these inflamed, enlarged hearts and then diminished cardiovascular function. And, and he was talking about this way earlier than anybody else I remember, and there were blood on his hands just killing grandmas. And the vaccine saved millions of lives. People say that all the time. They've saved millions of lives. Like how if people still got covid, not only that, they got more covid than people that didn't get vaccinated. I am still having this, this exact debate actually with, with my mom who's like, but honey, it saved a million. And you know what's crazy?


Have you actually tried to Google that information? Because you can make a case for that based on what will come up on Google. And she's like, but look right here it says it saved millions of lives. But you know, it's only based on the idea that those people would've died. Right. If they didn't have Covid. Right. And the problem, the problem is you're gonna get Covid anyway. So the, that data's bullshit. Not only that, even when people got Covid, 99.07 of those fuckers lived. I just,


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats Summer is almost here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered Catamaran. That's a no lemon meringue. That's a yes. A day in the sun. No. A bottle of rum. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely help you out with that. Get almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You must be legal drinking age. Please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by region. See app for details.


This episode is brought to you by blinds.com. Alright, listen, upgraded your window treatments can totally transform your space And it can help you save on energy bills. Yeah. Blocking the heat out. Keep the cool in. But is it worth the hassle? It is with blinds.com, because they changed the game. There's no waiting around all day for a salesperson to show up, just to get a quote, blinds.com makes it easy. Just jump online and browse for yourself, or do a virtual consultation with one of their award-winning experts. And you get free samples sent to your house to check out the goods before you buy. Do it yourself. Or let blinds.com handle the measure and installation for you. You can even get all your windows measured for free. No hidden fees, just upfront pricing. Zero Bs. Now's the time to score big with spring Black Friday deals going on right now. In fact, right now they're offering my listeners an exclusive 40% off their entire order. Just go to blinds.com and use the promo code Rogan 40 at checkout. Limited time offer rules and restrictions apply.


Hold that up. Yeah, because I was trying to illustrate that point. I was like, do you realize that I think the percentage of mortality with this is like 1%. And when you look at it less, it's Considerably less 0.03 all the way up till you, you get about 80 years old. Right? And then it's like, well, 1% or so, 1.5, maybe an 80 year olds or morbidly obese or severely autoimmune, you know, immunocompromised. But the thing is, when you Have 330 million people in this country, and then, you know, you look at that 0.3%, that starts looking like a lot of people. But those are just people that are on death's door.


That's the reality. Metabolically unhealthy, obese, diabetes, all sorts of problems. Cancer, leukemia. Yeah. On chemotherapy. Those are the people that died. I remember when Bill Maher was talking about how it was people who, there was a study that came outta the CDC and for forgive, 'cause I don't remember the exact percentage, but it was upwards of 80% of the people who died or had severe cases of covid were obese or overweight. And this is when, you know, you could be healthy at any size. That Psyop was in full effect. That must have drove you crazy. Oh, I was, I, it, I I, I was completely unraveling.


People ask me like, what happened? You were a good liberal. What did I, you still a good liberal still have a good, if you go back to the old definition, I haven't Changed. Yeah. Nor why I Go issue by issue with my friends. Yeah. And I, I'm like, you show me where I've shifted my position on any issue outside of Trump. I used to think he was hitlarian and he was gonna round up all the gays and we were all fucked. None of that happened. I thought, Russia, rush, rush. I thought that was real. So as new evidence came to light and I managed to survive his first term intact along with, you know, my gay relationships, I somehow started to feel that maybe a lot of that was bullshit propaganda.


But outside of that, not one of my positions has changed. Not one. And I find that arguably the right is more welcoming and more tolerant. Now I can sit down and have a conversation with Matt Walsh and debate gay marriage in a civil fashion. And I ended up, again, like I, I bring up Bill because I, I work with Bill in some capacity on his podcast network. And I was having to defend him on Pi Morgan because he was sitting down with Trump and they called him a bigot and a racist and anti-science because he was going sit with Trump. I'm like, well, where's the outrage that he sits down with Newsom? I hate that guy way more. And I don't Pierce Morgan was saying this or the guest, not peers.


Yeah. The not Pierce Pierce was awesome. The Guest PI's show is Maury Povich 2.0. It's a better version of Maury Povich. I kind of love it though, and I love when I get to do it, because you're allowed to act unhinged. You still have to make your points. Yeah. But it is a bit, it is theatrical, but sometimes I think when you are able to be so theatrical, it goes viral. And the point that you're trying to make is arguably seen by more. Unless it's a platform, of course, like yours. But Yeah, he does a good job of that. I just don't think it's a good way to discuss ideas. You're not wrong, but it's really good as far as like going viral. It's, it's great. You're Not wrong about that. I still find it fun though, because you, that what you hold in for all those civil conversations where you're just, you're biting your tongue.


You're trying to communicate, you know, calmly, articulately here, you can just unleash that. The you're hypo hypocrisy is disgusting Because Everything I swallow in every conversation with all my friends from California, and you can just let it rip and freaking tear into people because they started it. Yeah. They started the fight. I don't like that. I don't like doing that. So I don't, I don't, I'm not interested in that. I get it. I'm not interested in that kind of conflict. I don't want, I don't wanna talk to people like that. I don't like it. I Understand you, you are like a very gentle soul. I, I watch you sometimes and you're just, you're so not, sometimes I watch you often and you're very gentle soul.


And it, sometimes I think God, you know, toxic masculinity like you, so that whole notion, all of the men in your space tend to be far kinder and softer. And it's the women that are savages. I mean, I happen to love, I, I love Megan Kelly. I think she's brilliant, but God damn, I never wanna be on the wrong side of her. Yeah. She's ruthless. She'll rip your head off and like eat your heart that do not fuck with that woman. Yeah. You know, so anyway, I, I think that some of the women in the space are genuinely more aggressive than the men. Well, do you think that's 'cause they have to, to get respect?


Like, why do you think that is? No, I, I don't think so. And I find that it's more respectable when you speak in the fashion that you do. And I've tried to really curtail that behavior throughout every other aspect of my life personally and professionally. Whether I'm fighting with the contractor on my house, I try to lower the octaves of my voice, or I'm trying to win somebody over in a debate. But I think I, you know, Joe, honestly, I think because it's entertaining. Yeah. It's, and it's a competitive space. Yeah. I really think that's it. And it seems to work. So Sort of, but why am I number one then? Because I don't do it because that, see, that's like the counter argument.


That fair Here would be my answer. Because you can lick everything in the fridge. And what I mean by that is you don't have a niche lick everything in fridge serious. Seriously. I'm not kidding you. I've never heard that expression before. You Can talk about anything and everything, and it's fascinating. And people tune in for it. They don't come here because they wanna hear about politics or they wanna hear about health, or they wanna hear about fucking aliens. They come here because they wanna hear about all of it, and they wanna hear what you think about all of it. So it's not really interesting when someone else does it, because they're not there to see what that individual thinks about the subject matter. So when I turn into Meg Kelly, it, it's like, or tune in.


It's because I want Don't turn into her. No, No. Not, I'm not the fuck. No. Dude, I, I'm messing with her. I, I would, she's a lovely person and, and she's been nothing but lovely with me. But I, I'm sure as mentioned, I'm not interested in being on her bad side. However, when I tune in, it's not because I wanna see her reaction or her opinion on something. It's 'cause I wanna learn what is the counter argument to deporting this guy Kilmore Abrego Garcia. And I'm like, okay, the steelman that argument for me. And then tune into something else. Yeah. And try to disseminate what the truth is. And she's, I think a constitutional attorney. So I feel like I'm getting great information with you.


You're not just learning about something, but you're also curious what you think about it. If you're gonna go, oh, bullshit. Or if you're like, if you do the wow, you know, you wanna say what you think about it. Mm. Yeah. I just think we could all do with a little less yelling at each other. You're totally Right. I just don't think it's good for anybody's. Every time I've engaged in it, I feel bad for the rest of the day really. Even if I win. Yeah. I don't feel good. I just feel like, ugh, I don't like that. I don't like it. What If they deserved it? I think you should be nice until it's time to not be nice. And generally that's like extreme violence. That's my, that's my feeling.


That's my feeling. You know, like extreme be nice up until you're literally trying to incapacitate a person. That's Fair. Yeah. I feel like I don't think we have to do that. And I think the only time you have to do that is when someone's completely psychotic. Yeah. 99.999% of the time, you're better off serving you and that person better by just being nice And calm and making a point in an intelligent fashion, not being you're absolutely Right. Yeah. Not being married to your ideas either. Also, you know, not like taking an opposition to your ideas as an op opposition to you as a being. You know, it's, these are just ideas. Like if someone thinks that you're incorrect, if someone thinks I'm incorrect, I'm like, well, tell me why.


What do you, what do you think? Why do you think that? Where where'd you come to this conclusion? What, what, what was the tipping point for you? Like, what is it like, tell me what it's, that's, That's rare though. I, I was just actually talking to Mike Row about that. Why do we hold on so fasted easily to our dogma? And it honestly, because it doesn't feel all right to have somebody say, I told you so I I will do the Mia Culpa and I have a million times. But it is certainly more rare. I mean, how often do you see a walk back or a course? Correct? Not often. And I know that, you know, when people wag their finger at me, I know you, you happy. This is what you voted for. You wanna defend things that arguably you, you may agree with them on.


Right. And I'm like, don't, don't, don't do it. Just do you know, do you see their point? If so, acknowledge you see their point. And then I still feel the need to play the lesser evil game even when they're right, they're still wrong. Because when I weigh out, you know, right. The choices I had, even though you're right on this issue, you know, I'm right about the, my choice ultimately because more things went the way I wanted them to than the way I didn't. It takes a lot of ego strength to admit where you're wrong. And I, I just don't think a lot of people have that. And there is a, a tribalism with everything, whether it's workout trends, diets for god's sake. I mean, we've seen this kind of dogma in health and wellness for years.


It's no fun to say you were wrong. And in some cases it can have professional repercussions for people. Sure. Did you experience any profe professional repercussions when you're pushing back against this healthy, at any size stuff? Because that's, How much time do you have on that one? Well, Let's go in it, because that to me was so fascinating that I get comfortable the concept of fat shaming, which like, I don't think you should hurt anybody's feelings, but I think at a certain point in time, sometimes hurting someone's feelings causes actions and hurting someone's feelings with the truth. And you can give the truth to someone lovingly. You know, You can say, look, I care about you. This is why I wanna tell you you're a fat fuck. Like you really are. You're disgusting and you need to lose weight. And you've, you're fully addicted to food and you don't understand what it's doing to your body.


And you're being lied to by all these other people. Like these fat doctors. Like there's some lady in the UK who calls yourself the fat doctor. I'm like, great lady. You're just overwhelmed with inflammation. I could just see it looking at you. This is crazy that you're giving this advice out when you're, you can't walk up a hill. There's no way. Like, you're so unhealthy. Yeah. And this idea that shaming people is worse than telling them the truth that's gonna make them feel bad, maybe temporarily. But you could do it with kindness and then that person can make choices that will be, and then you encourage them, like, I'm so glad you changed your diet. I'm so glad you cut out this and cut out that. And now you're doing well and you've decided to walk 10,000 steps a day and you've decided to start exercising a little bit.


You know, this episode is brought to you by DoorDash, this Mother's Day. Why give mom only flowers when you can give her flowers plus a real break for a limited time? Use code Joe 50 to get 50% off up to $15 value. When you spend $15 or more on local florists, convenience, grocery and retail stores on DoorDash. And starting May 9th Mother's Day weekend, your flower order will unlock credit towards select gifts that'll take cooking planning and more off mom's plate. Make Mother's Day special with DoorDash terms apply.


You've given me a lot to tackle here. Yeah. So let's, let's start with, let's start With the professional stuff. The, the psyop component of healthy in any size. This is a big food narrative. Yes. This has been proven. Even the the frigging Explain big food narrative, what you mean by that. Okay. So big food, the put put simply hired a bunch of registered dieticians to co-opt this concept of Intuit eating. And I I I'm, I'm I'm dead ass serious. Yeah. With hashtags like derailed the shame. And they paid them and they put out all of these posts and went to all of these conventions and promoted the narrative that you can be healthy at any size.


And it's just a flat out lie. It is a flat earth or conversation. It is pseudoscience at its best. There's, there's no truth behind that. There is a robust amount of data that show us being obese is associated with like 170 comorbidities. This is a non-actor. It's, it's been debunked. We know this for a fact. So when that happens, what they're doing is essentially placating someone who already feels, now I can, I can attack what's going on or address rather what's going on with an individual who is that size. And it is largely psychological once you are past the point of dad bod.


You know what I mean? Like, oh, I, I work three jobs, life beat me down. I it's a food desert and I'm 40 pounds overweight and I've let myself go. And this is a different animal. When you're dealing with somebody who is 50 plus pounds overweight, there is a psychological component. So the first thing we need to do is make them aware that there is a problem without question, but you can do it without shame. Giving them facts of, listen, this is unhealthy. And because you are such a valuable individual, I want you to understand this because only from a place of feeling truly worthy are you able to facilitate a change. You don't work out because you hate your body. You work out because you love it.


So it doesn't need to be a shaming. There's no shame there to be honest, Joe, I know, I know that people claim there is, 'cause you pointed out this vulnerability or this flaw in the person, but we all have flaws and vulnerabilities. People who are overweight simply wear them. So it's easier to judge, right? Yeah, yeah. So by educating them first, and then I, without question, I like to give people, or when I, when I was able to do the work hands on that rock bottom moment because they are overweight, because it is providing them with something extraordinarily significant. And I can give you examples should you need them, but I promise you that one time or another people turn to addictions in this case food because it means there's psychological survival.


So put simply with the most obvious example would be a person who was incested, molested, raped, right. Puts on weight to desexualize. That's just one example of many. But it's easy to illustrate the point. So whatever this thing is providing them is the part that's so hard to let go of. Yeah. Because unconsciously it's terrifying. And you gotta first show them, this is why we need to change. And then you gotta give them that path towards change. And you gotta make it harder. You gotta make them feel the pain could be physically, it could be psychologically, but it doesn't have to be shameful of the way they've been living so that the work and the sacrifice associated with change is less painful than continuing the negative and destructive habits.


Mm. You don't have to shame. I'm, I I know, I know what the message seems like it is, but it really, it really isn't. Well the whole term fat shaming is pretty recent, right? Yes. Very. Let's get right back to where, what I was just, oh, you asked me what I lost. So Intuit eating is a fascinating phrase. And the, the idea that this is by the same people that used to be in charge of tobacco. Yep. This, this is what's really crazy. Yep. These are the RJ Reynolds and these tobacco companies bought all these fast food processed food companies and they use the same tactics that they use with that to push terrible foods on people. Well, they literally have Yeah. A team of multidisciplinary scientists that work around the clock to figure out how to get people to not eat just one and then they put it in a commercial.


It's like literally in broad daylight. Yeah. Look what we're doing To people bet you can't eat just one Yes. One. Yeah. You know, but the, what they're doing is they are exploiting somebody's psychology and they're hijacking their biology with this food without question. And this is why you have seen rates of obesity skyrocket From Seventies when it was like 5% of the adult population was overweight or obese to 74%. Yeah. Like we're all, is it quantum leap in genetics? That's that's a, a big pharma psyop of like, no, no, this is all genetic. Your your genetic genetically obese. Yeah.


Where was the, what happened is I've never seen such a quantum leap in genetics. How come we were genetically obese in the seventies? Like what was that tipping point, if you will. Right. That created the cascade of obesity over the last five decades. Of course, it's exactly what you're talking about. Yeah. It's ingredients and food. It's really simple At that. And also how they engineer the environment and you're surrounded by it. You can't escape it. Remember the days when you weren't allowed to have food at a bookstore and now every frigging bookstore has a cat. Starbucks. Yeah. Cookies, 600 gallery drinks. You are surrounded, there is nowhere you can go right now where food is not omnipresent, in particular this crappy food.


And they generally do it through government contracts and subsidies. So it's at your schools, your hospitals, like anywhere you go, you'll find this garbage food. So even if you have that moment of willpower, which is arguably this fleeting moment of bravado, if you're constantly surrounded by it, you will give in managing your, your environment is a large part of helping someone be successful. It's, it's a bandaid, right? If you're, you're dealing with sexual abuse, for example, but controlling the environment is definitely a component in helping them. You can't control the environment. Right. You can't control the narrative. You can't control what's in the food. And it's all by design. It's not just the crap in the food, it's how they control the narrative around it and how they engineer the environment and how they systematically shut down the people that pointed out as fat chambers, for example.


Or racists. Yeah. That's another big one. Yeah, it's a big one. Or transphobes or Yeah. Fill in the blank. But it's, it's fascinating to me that hospitals fall into this. A friend of mine was visiting his friend who has prostate cancer and this guy is in the hospital being treated for cancer. And then he went to look at what they're feeding him in the hospital and they were feeding him applesauce, which is loaded with high fructose corn syrup, apple juice or orange juice, which is not even juice. It's concentrate. It's all bullshit. Yep. And then some kind of a fucking sandwich, which is made out of this processed wheat bread. Yeah. It's, It's stable. It probably has in that meal alone, a hundred plus chemicals. I think I'm being conservative.


Yeah. At a hospital. It has To do with government contracts though. Yeah. But it's so crazy that hospitals, their diets and hospitals are co-opted. I can't even, my kids who I know will be watching this, so I love you guys, it's okay. But they, they stopped packing their lunches and I was like, guys, why are we not packing our lunches anymore? And I would watch all the crap that I would buy go bad in the pantry. And my son ratted my daughter out and he's like, she's eating breakfast at school. And I was like, whatcha talking about? He's like the sugar cereal. Who's having that at school? And I, I was like, what whatcha talking about? I even my kids who know better, it's, It's, but isn't that a rebellion against mom though?


Which kids definitely do. Like my, my youngest daughter, she jokes around about, she's like, Ooh, seed oils, I love seed oils. She'll have salad dressing with seed oil and she like mocks me. I'm like, okay, you eat whatever you want, but just know what it is. They, I honestly think the kids know what it is. And I try to give them enough freedom now at these ages, you know, 13 and 15 to make some of their own decisions. So not everything is, is a pushback, but I truly think there is an addictive component. Oh, for sure. And, and she just, it's like I'm so good at home. I don't mean to associate that not good, but I eat well at home, let's put it that way.


And you know, just at school, I'm just gonna do this at school. And the problem obviously is when she goes off to college, I won't be able to control the environment at home. And I'm like, honey, okay, hold on. There's a, I, forgive me, there's a like 20-year-old influencer named Bad baby. I think Joe, she, she saw this. That is, she saw this. Okay. She saw this girl on That's the lady from Dr. Phil. Yes. Catch me outside. Catch me outside. So she saw this girl when she was like nine and has followed bad baby, bad baby now has cancer. What I I believe so. And for real, According To my daughter. Exactly the point though. That's exactly the point.


And so now I can say to my kids, this isn't just mom's generation, which, how come there's something else to look at. My mom was 76. None of the public figures in her generation got cancer. You didn't see Susan Sarandon or Scorn Weaver or Meryl Streep. None of them got cancer. But in my generation it's like Maria m Nuno, Christina Applegate, something's going on with an Angelina Jolie. Kate Middleton in my generation, the canary is dead in the coal mine. It's not even a question of the negative impact. If we're not looking at statistics, if we're just looking from an observational perspective, it's in the news every single day. Someone's dealing with cancer. Olivia mutton, now you're seeing 20 year olds deal with this.


And I was able to point to that to my daughter and say, this is the shit that I am talking about. She's five years older than you. What does that lady have? Does it say, yeah, She's claimed that she's got a form of leukemia, I believe. But people Yeah, They debate. They doubt her. They Yeah, for sure. They doubt her. I Know that's, well she's a little bit kooky, right? Sure. They're still, you still can't point to the fact, even if it's not bad baby who, who may be lying. I'm, I'm not sure sure. I actually using that name Bad baby. Is it bad baby? Bad What? They're, I said bad Bonnie the other day and my kids are like, no, that's the wrapper. She says she insisted she'd been cleared for surgery. She has no regrets about her cosmetic tweaks. What does a cosmetic tweak have to do with leukemia?


I don't know. I think People are just, they're not gonna perform plastic surgery on a cancer patient. What is she's getting plastic surgery. Is it? What is this article about? Look, the chronic myeloid leukemia piece. 'cause that's the part I know about. She Oh, breaks silence on claims. She lied about having cancer after being slammed for vaping. Oh God. Did she lie about It? That's I was just showing you. That's all Because of the go back up. I know Because that's thought she had like a wig up since she lost her hair. 21. It says currently battling chronic, how do you say that? Myeloid. Myeloid leukemia. Yeah. Criticized for getting cosmetic surgery while battling disease. Which is pretty crazy. Is that really true? That's The Part that she underwent plastic surgery and challenged rival Alabama barker to a physical fight.


See? That's right. All by battling leukemia. Apparently Alabama Barker did not show up for that fight. 'cause my daughter was very disappointed by that. What They, what they were gonna meet somewhere, an actual Fight. There's to meet I'm think in Calabasas and throw down, oh Boy. The Calabasas throw down. That's right. The classic. Of course it used to be an old West Shootout. Now it's, now it's a Calabasas throw down. So there's a hair pulling all kind of stuff. But, oh boy. Boy, I, what I can tell you with certainty is that the rate of early on onsite cancer diagnosis in people 18 to 49 has gone up 79% over the past two decades. So if in fact bad baby is being untruthful and deceitful, those statistics are real.


Yes. Those statistics are real. And including the big leap since the Covid vaccine was rolled out. You know, I don't have any information on that. There Was a doctor that was on the Tucker Carlson show the other day that is saying he's seeing pancreatic cancer in kids for the first time ever in his career. He said, my entire career I never saw pancreatic cancer in children. Okay. I wanna play devil's advocate to that argument and simply say the statistic that I just cited, I believe came out in 2019. So this is pre covid. Oh, I'm not doubting that. Diet. Diet and environmental factors. I think there's a host of different things going on. I agree. For sure. There's pesticides and herbicides. That's a, a major factor.


You know, when you look at the fact that 90 plus percent of people have Roundup in their blood. That's crazy. You know, That stuff is linked to chemical warfare from Vietnam. It has a historical connection to Agent Orange. Really? Yeah. Google. Jamie. Check that. But yeah, 'cause I wrote about it in a book. Ugh. I know. That should alarm you. Glyphosate is everywhere. It's so spooky.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. We've talked about digital threats and protecting your personal information on the show before, but it's just as important that you take care of yourself and your loved ones in the real world too. And that's where SimpliSafe comes in for your home security system. They use a mix of AI technology and real live breathing people to keep you safe. Like if some weirdo's loitering around your property, AI powered cameras can help detect it and agents can act quickly to deter them or contact the police. But SimpliSafe is there for more than just the bad stuff. Their cameras also capture the moments you might wanna save. Like the first time your daughter rides her bike down the driveway, or your kid is opening their acceptance letter from college on the front porch. Keep your family safe so you can experience moments like that more often. Try out SimpliSafe, they've got a 60 day satisfaction guarantee or your money back. Plus you can get 50% off your new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and your first month free. Just go to simplisafe.com/rogan. That's simply safe.com/rogan for 50% off and your first month free. There's no safe like SimpliSafe


and other countries won't even allow its use. Nope. And we spray it on everything. Not only that, we have like corn that's genetically engineered to be immune to glyphosate so they could just spray this shit out of it. And then you eat that corn and you're getting glyphosate residue. You're just getting it and it's in your blood. It's in, it's in everything Rice. It's everything. It rice wines off into The water And it's It's in wheat. Yeah, It's in ev. Well Especially it's in the runoff. So it gets in the fish. You know, most fresh water fish have toxic levels of lead and or heavy metals in them. Like most, most fresh water fish. I didn't know that. You probably shouldn't be eating. I knew big predatory fish. Yes, that's in the ocean. But that's heavy metals from the ocean, you know, which is also from us.


But that's mercury. But there's toxic levels of heavy metals and pollutants and you know, forever chemicals that are in freshwater fish. 'cause all that shit that's in the ground gets into lakes. Right. All that shit that, you know, all the runoff, all that stuff gets into streams, gets into creeks, gets into rivers. You know, we watched a video when we had Will Harris from White Oak pastors on the podcast. And he showed the difference between his regenerative farm that doesn't use any pesticides or herbicides and his neighbor's farm. And there's a literally a dividing line in the river where you can see the runoff from his neighbor's farm.


Turns the entire river brown. And it's legal. It's legal to pollute Of course Because it's industrial farming. Exactly. That's, But it's crazy. It's just like all that industrial fertilizer, herbicides and pesticides are running off because the top soil's dead. So all that stuff is running off as soon as it rains And it runs right into the river. And you could see a dividing line. There's like clear water on one side and this disgusting brown dirty water on the right side. Have you seen where it runs from the river into the ocean and creates dead zones? Oh yeah. That you can see from space. No oxygen. Nope. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Nothing but jellyfish For miles.


Well I have a, a friend of mine who was a yoga instructor and he's from Argentina and he came to America and no one told him he was in LA No one told him don't surf after it rains. So he was surfing and he didn't understand that all the runoff from all the streets goes into the ocean. He got horribly sick. Yeah. And you know, he was bedridden and he was like, what the fuck is going on with the ocean? Yeah. Having grown up in California and spending a lot of time in the water, I have known this for years and now I can't even imagine, by the way, in California, who would dare to get in the ocean at this point. Yeah. Considering all of the crap from the fires.


That's a great irony. Oh yeah. That's my favorite. Oh, we're, we're not doing any forestry mitigation because of the environment and yet these fires have rolled back all of those protections by something like 20 years. Yeah. Is it just, Well that ground's ruined forever. Destroyed And then pours into the ocean Twice the size of Manhattan ruined ground. All those people that had electric cars, those cars, those batteries, all that shit is all, all the plastics and the fiberglass and carbon fiber, all that stuff, the tires, all that stuff is now in the soil. And you're gonna, if you, good luck having a garden. Good luck. You wanna try to grow plants. Good luck.


I was talking to, I don't know if you've ever seen this gentleman, he's really great. He wrote a book called E two B Disease named Dr. William Lee. And he called me after the fire because I was out there visiting my mom. He's like, where are you? Are you in California? And I was like, I am at the moment. In fact, I'm right here by Palisades. And he said, Jill, do you remember nine 11 dust? That whole thing with all that. I was like, of course I remember. Send me a bunch of articles. And he's like, you gotta get outta there. Get your mom outta there. He's like, it gets in your kids' clothes when they're, they're on their way to school. Ugh. People. He goes, we're gonna be talking about this 10 years from now, the result of the toxins in this fire and how they've affected people's health.


No doubt. No doubt. It's Crazy. And it happens. It's crazy. Twice a year. Yeah. At least. Oh, I was evacuated three times when I lived in la I lo well in fact I lost two homes. One that I owned in 2018 and one that I sold in 21 just actually burnt. Oof. It's nuts. It's crazy. Yeah. And nothing's, I mean the, what they did during the fire was just so insane. Like the, the, the fact that the reservoir was empty. Oh, we need to make a lid for it. We didn't get around to it For over a year. And it hadn't even begun. No. There was so many things wrong there that I, I could literally, What's lack of funding, Jillian? They don't have enough money. Oh, I can't, they don't have enough.


Have you seen Mike Shellenberger talk about this? Yes. She's great. That will make your blood boiled. Yeah. Shellenberger is great. I love him. He's like, we knew about this for seven days with the winds and we could have, you know, we could have borrowed firefighters from all different states and this and that and had them preposition Care best went to Ghana for a birthday Party. Knowing, knowing between Mike Shellenberger and Corolla whipping me into a frenzy about this. I I literally think I've like popped 10 blood vessels because so much of this could have been mitigated and wasn't. And in fact, Gavin Newsom my favorite politician. He's my favorite podcaster. I wish we would get back to it.


Oh, he stopped. I don't know why he stopped. Oh, Did he stop? I didn't know that. Yeah, that fucking Show was horrible. Oh God. I'm busying Everybody was mocking him. It was so bad for him. He kept, he had this idea of reaching across the aisle, so he reached across the aisle And it gets guys like Charlie Kirk and Steve Bannon on and then they eat his lunch. And so, and people I would think in his party were like, what the fuck are you doing? You're making us look horrible. So he bails on his podcast. What was his last episode? I Didn't realize he bailed one. Not yesterday. Oh, he's back. Yeah. No, we weren't gonna get that lucky this month. I don't think so. Oh, rah Emanuel. Okay. That's, well now he's with his own side, Scott Galloway. Okay. Pretty much his own side. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Anthony Scaramucci. He hates Trump.


That's a good move. Yep. Ezra Klein. Okay, that makes sense. Yeah. So it's not that it's gone away, it's just that it's so horrible. Nobody's watching it and no one is even talking about it anymore. Yeah. That might Be it. This is Gavin Newsom. Oh My god. Brutal. But it was so funny cause it wasn brutal. That was the response after the election. They said, well, podcasts influenced the election, so we'll start our own podcast. Your podcast is gonna make people even more inclined to not vote for you. My favorite was we need our own version of Joe Rogan. And I love when you, I I, I remember when you, you loved Bernie. You were like, I like the guy I, you had Joe Rogan.


Joe was on your side. And the I, that's the one thing with the left is they purge people from the party these Days. Well 'cause it's a cult. It really is like leftism not being an actual progressive, like an actual progressive is a person who's kind, who wants people to just exist and be yourself and live amongst us. And we should all have social safety net and laws that like are, are kind and compassionate. We should look at the fact that we are an incredible first world nation and we should like roll out the red carpet to all the, all the people that live here and try to make it a better place for everybody. That's real progressivism. And then it morphed into this like, let perverts get into the women's room.


Let men compete in women's sports. Like all like, and ignore the fact that some people are fucking psychotic and give them a blank check as long as they just say they're a woman. Like, oh, you're a woman. Go ahead. Carte blanche. Get in. And not only that, but treat them better than you treat women themselves. 'cause they're, they're actually more oppressed than women. Isn't that so It's the oppression hierarchy, right? So they get the gold medal in the oppression Olympics. It's like, it's it's bananas. It is bananas. It really is. I can't, that's the stuff where you look and you say, I was never for any of this. Yeah. If, if you, I'm libertarian, I'm for personal freedoms. Of course. If you wanna change your gender as an adult, that's absolutely up for, up to you.


And I, I would fight for your right to do that and live with dignity. But when your personal choices impact the rights and the freedoms of others, this is a far more nuanced conversation. Far more. And it, it's like, whoa, whoa. Especially when you're dealing with kids and Oh, that's a whole Different place. This is where it gets really crazy. No, that's evil. I there's this hilarious conversation between this woman who's like, she looks like she's probably in her seventies and this person's asking her, if you had a granddaughter, would you support them taking puberty blocker? She's like, absolutely. Absolutely. I think it's insane to try to force a girl to go through puberty if she's really a boy and this and that.


Would you, would you allow them to get a tattoo? Oh, I think that's permanent. No irony. Seconds later. No, no recognition of what she's saying. No. Like tattoos can be removed lady. I know. Yeah. They can. They they don't laser those off. Have you noticed though? They really don't understand it. No, and I, I got in a conversation with Jessica Tarloff about this and she's like, oh, but you know, they, they, the kids go through extensive therapy. I'm like, that's not true, Jessica. Or, or the concept that it's reversible. People believe that's not true. This exactly. Not only is it not true, but puberty blockers are the exact same thing they give to sex criminals. When when you have a, a sexual molester that is forced to be on sterilization drugs.


That's exactly what they give to young boys. It sterilizes kids. Yeah. It's the same thing. Takes away sexual function. They can, if you interrupt puberty in the stage 10 or two. And the reason, the reason I bring this up is because they'll tell you it's reversible. No. And, but here's the thing. Someone, I actually went through this exercise with somebody and I was like, show that to me. And they went on shot GPT and it's like, yes, this is reversible. And the argument is that should you have a child that starts puberty at seven and you use puberty blockers, it, it's very rare it can happen. And they do it strategically to slow that down for a child and help them develop at a normal pace. They, it doesn't sterilize them or make them incapable of having an orgasm.


So the distinction that's key is when you block puberty at the stage of 10 or two, which is arguably the appropriate age that puberty is meant to begin, then you've got sterilization, you've got an inability to ever have an orgasm. It affects bone development, it affects brain development. It gives 'em strokes. It's terrible for them. Yeah. Their freaking children, their body is not developed properly. Nobody understands that. They don't, when they make that argument, they're told the parting line of if you make them go through this, they'll kill themselves. And it turns out that the data doesn't bear out to prove that either.


But they haven't, Not only that it goes the other way. It, the data goes the other way. It goes the other way. They're 25% more likely to commit suicide, suicidal ideation, depression, anxiety, all those things ramp up once they've transitioned. 'cause they realize like they're, they've made a horrible mistake and they've been influenced by these crazy people that want to use them as like virtue flags. They wanna use children as virtue flags. It's fucking insane. They also shouldn't be allowed to call them a different thing than when they call them, they call them chemical castration drugs for sex offenders. But yet they call them puberty Blockers and gender affirming care, gender Affirming care. Isn't that lovely? Yeah. It's, it's fucking barbaric.


It and bananas. And we're gonna look back at it the same way we looked at lobotomies. You know, we performed lobotomies for I think roughly around 50 or 60 years for, I think they stopped it in 1967. I think that's when they stopped the last lobotomies. And then they realize like, oh my god, this is a terrible thing to do. But they did it for so fucking long. It's awful. And this is the same thing that's gonna happen with this, this whole gender affirming care thing for, for minors. It's crazy. Kids don't know what's going on. You have children, you know, it's like, oh yeah. They go through phases and cycles. They become tomboy and boys play with dolls. Like who cares a lot, by the way, a lot of those boys that wanna transition, it turns out they're just gay.


And if you just leave 'em and let 'em be gay. And a lot of my gay friends fucking hate it because they're like, you're trying to erase gay people and you're trying to say that all these gay people that's interesting are really in the wrong gender. That's, Gosh, I've never thought of it from that angle. I have seen the financial component though. Oh, that's a big problem. It's a multi-billion dollar business. That's where It's evil. And when you look at who's funding this stuff, you, I remember, my God, I used to go to the frigging human rights campaign dinners and donate, you know, when you're fighting for game or marriage and good, good liberal. And now when you go to their page, if they've got a score, and forgive me, I can't remember the frigging name of it, but there's a score where they rate different medical institutions on how they provide gender affirming care.


And if they get a bad score, it impacts I think, how many, how much grant money they can get. There's a page for this, I believe it's through the HRC on their website. And when you look at who funds it, like Pfizer, like, oh, that's not at all surprising. I one drug, I think Lupron is almost a billion dollar a year business boy off label. I I, i, forgive me, it's been a minute since I've looked into this, but I'm I'm in the zone for sure. Yeah. Terrifying stuff. Well, It's just the money thing is so scary. 'cause when money gets attached to anything, all ethics and morals go out the window and they just try to make as much money from these things as is human humanly possible.


And they've always done that. Yeah. They've always done that across the board with virtually everything. And we're surprised when it happens with children.


This episode is brought to you by Squarespace. Thinking about starting a website to sell online. While Squarespace is the way to go, they make it easy for customers to find you. Thanks to integrated SEO tools that optimize your online presence to be indexed with meta descriptions and an autogenerated site map, plus Squarespace Payments will make it super simple to start selling your products or services with options like Apple Pay Klarna and more. Try it free at Squarespace dot com and use Squarespace dot com slash rogan to save 10% on your first website or domain.


This episode is brought to you by Montana Knife Company makers of the best, most sought after knives out there. The company was founded by my friend Josh Smith. He's been making knives since he was 11 years old and became a master bladesmith at just 19, which is wild 'cause there's only about 140 to 150 master bladesmiths in the world. Plus these knives are made right here in the USA, right in Montana and they're design tested and built by hunters. For hunters. I've been loving the Magna Cut Blackfoot 2.0 when Master Bladesmith, my friend Josh Smith, launched Montana Knife Company, he set out to create the ultimate do it all knife, small and light enough to pack on a goat hunt, durable enough to completely field dress a moose, and shape a gut cape, skin and de-bone with ease. He called this flagship knife the Blackfoot, And it remains his go-to blade. And I love it as well. It's truly the only hunting knife you'll ever need. Although MKC is still a young company, the demand is already crazy. Literally, every time they drop a batch, they sell out in minutes. So if you want to be the first to know, sign up for SMS alerts for exclusive knife drops and their email newsletter to get notified about restocks or go to Montana knife company.com and see what's available.


Now, I don't know, you and I are surprised, but I think most people are not awake at all about it. No, they're not. No. Most people aren't awake at all. And if it doesn't affect them personally, they feel like it's important to espouse these beliefs because these beliefs, beliefs show that you're a good progressive. Yes, a hundred percent. Yeah. It's like people's minds have been co-opted by, you know, I don't necessarily believe in demons and angels. I don't believe that. But if you were the devil, like wouldn't money be your most valuable tool to get people to do absolutely atrocious evil things that are gonna ruin their lives? Money is like the devil's playground.


It's like where the devil can convince good people to do things, and then you use words like gender affirming care. And you know, you, you can, you can kind of like change the narrative, but the end result is really just you're profiting off of people's confusion and you're doing so in a way where you're sacrificing, it's literal child sacrifice. Those children that wind up committing suicide because they went through this gender affirming care and are horribly depressed, and they, they, they don't have breasts anymore, and they're so confused and they can't have children and they just wind up killing themselves. And this is sacrifice. This is like a form of child sacrifice for financial gain. I mean, you're not sacrificing them to the gods or to demons.


You're doing it to money. And it's really wild that we can't see that. We can't like look at all the data and see the, and understand like the, the complex interaction of human beings and people that are around them that influence them. And you know that they get encouragement and then they get positive feedback, and then they show up at school wearing lipstick and everyone's like, you're amazing. You're amazing. Now Bobby, now that you're Roberta, like now you're amazing. You used to be some guy that got stuffed into a locker and now your girl is incredible and you're, you're giving them this positive feedback. You don't, and it's money and it's there. People are profiting off of it.


It's fucking insane. And it's so wild to watch it all play out and realize like, we are so vulnerable to influence. Human beings are so v I mean, this is why cults exist. This is why people are willing to be religious martyrs and blow themselves up. And which by the way, like why do they do that? Why do they get kids to wear suicide vests? Because you can't convince a 55-year-old guy to do it. 55 guy with a job and a family, and a lot of, you know, interest and good friends, tough to get him to wear that suicide vest. Right. You know, he is like, what, what am I doing? I'm gonna a mall. What the fuck am So it's not funny. No. Why am I doing that? I'm going to heaven. Yeah. And I'm gonna get 72 virgins.


Can You, can you show me these virgins? Right? Like, is there a fucking, what, what happened to them? How do these poor virgins wind up in heaven just getting raped by this 55-year-old guy who blew himself up? Like this is fucking insane. Insane. I know. Well, you can't get adults to believe that, but you can get children to believe that. So what we don't want to like take that same ability to influence and then just transfer it over to children. And, and I'm not quite sure why the human mind is so fragile. I've, I've asked myself that so many times and, and this is, this is gonna sound totally off piece here, but you, you brought up demons and what have you, and I just watched that. I didn't read the book, so forgive me, but I watched the documentary on the book Chaos on Netflix.


Oh Yeah. I read the book. It Okay. Are you not completely, I I cannot wrap my head around how Manson got seemingly normal people to commit this kind of murder. And when you listen to these women talk about it, they're like, and then I stabbed her 15 times and I felt the knife go into her hip bone. And she looked at me and said, I'm dead. And like, no emotion. What did you do to this woman's mind? And you can't say she's an outlier. Right? Because he was able to convince the group of people, I, I cannot understand this kind of Well, that's complex For Julie.


What is that? Well, that's MK, but It's, is it not? Is it that, do you Oh, you think it's that? It's no, a hundred percent. That's jolly West. Jolly West was the CIA operative who visited Manson in jail. He's also the guy that visited Jack Ruby after he shot Kennedy. And then Jack Ruby starts saying, I'm seeing demons and the Jews are on fire. And you know, Jack Ruby didn't have a history of mental illness like that. Like, like complete psychotic breakdowns. But he did after Jolly West visited him in jail. Did not notice. Yeah. There was like, there's like real documentation about those experiments. One of 'em is Operation Midnight Climax. So the CIA was operating brothels and they were operating brothels where they would have two way mirrors and they would be behind the mirrors.


And these prostitutes who were working for the c I would give the Johns LSD and then they would observe them. This is all document. This is Do you know, I I I knew a little bit about MK Ultra obviously, and that they are using psychic to influence people and try to gain line L LTE in particular. Yeah. Okay. So here's my question though. This is what I find so fascinating. Do you think that the LSD simply accelerated that mental vulnerability or the ability to warp someone's mind? Because when you tell people now you're going to perform a sex change on a child, they think that's a good idea. And I'll, I'll tie it back to one thing that also is seemingly unrelated, but everyone's outraged about RFK.


It's not a doctor. Oh my God. He's, he's trying to get to the root of autism and he's misguided about it. Where was your outrage when Xavier Ra, who's not a doctor, wanted to remove all age limits for sex changes on kids, whether surgery or not? The medicalization component that we talked about, like that to me is all group psychosis. Yeah. I wonder like to get an adult to, I'm like, where's your outrage and your concern about this? 'cause this is batshit crazy, right? And nobody said a word, nobody carried. It went completely under the radar. And you, I'm just wondering if the ability to capture someone's mind in the way that they did through these CIA studies, did LSD simply accelerate a vulnerability that's already pre-existing and you're watching the brainwashing of people go on over the course of decades.


'cause if you said this to a person, arguably when in Obama's first term, when he ran on gay marriage, that you were gonna run sex changes on children in the year 2024, people would've lost their frigging mind. Right? Yeah. So it's just a complete It is. It's they they must have been brainwashed though. Yeah. It is brainwashing and cults. We all know that cults are real, right? Yes. We all know about the Manson family. We all know about Jim Jones. We all know about cults, and we know that human beings are very vulnerable to group influence. Now, when you have someone that's actually being trained by people that are psychologists and understand influence and then also trained in using the implementation of LSD on these people, one of the things that Manson would do is he would pretend to take LSD and then he would give it to them and then influence them while they were under the influence.


And he was sober. And this is, you know, he was sober. This was all learned through the Harvard LSD studies, which by the way, created the unabomber. Ted Kozinski was a part of the Harvard LSD studies. Oh My God. How do I not know this? Yeah. Well, most people I know he was A genius. Yeah. It's, you know, which, well, He had, there was a bunch of things wrong with him. First of all, when he was a baby, he was severely ill. And they put him in some sort of an infirmary and he didn't have any human touch for months. Wow. For months. They just, they, like, when he cried and he's in his crib, they left him there. His brother talked about it. There's a documentary on Netflix about him and his brother talked about, like even before the Harvard LSD studies.


He, they would, you know, he was like really fucked up. Really fucked up. Complete lack of empathy. Like, and just sociopath. Yeah. Complete sociopath as a young man. And it would express itself when he would experience rejection from women, he would have like violent reactions to that rejection and write them horrific letters and, and torture them and yell at them. And Jesus, it's so scary. And then, then he goes through the Harvard LSD studies, which a part of his particular studies was humiliation. So he would be under the influence and they would humiliate him and they would abuse him and try to get him to a certain state of mind. So then this guy goes off to Berkeley, becomes a, a, becomes a professor.


And his whole idea is to just make enough money so that he can implement this pro. Here's what's crazy about his ideas. He's kind of Right. Okay. So he's kind of right. And he thinks that technology's going to replace human beings. Like he sees this through all of his acid trips, that human beings are going to be rep. And we probably are, yeah. We probably are gonna be replaced by ai. It's happening. We probably are gonna be replaced by synthetic life that we create. And we're facilitating that with our reliance on technology. So he decides he's gonna live off the grid in a cabin and kill all the people that are involved in technology.


A very twisted, distorted reaction to this thing that we're recognizing as being real in 2025 that we are experiencing. We have AI on our phones now. Right. You know, we're, we're constantly being monitored. We're constantly being surveilled. Your your rights are getting very murky because all of your data's being given away. Everybody knows everything about you. It's easy to influence people with algorithms and also with bots. And it's being used for political discourse completely. It's being used for so many different things, essentially. You know, we don't want to think that cults can be half the country, but it for sure, it can be half the country. It could be the whole country. If you live under Sheria law, it's the whole country.


Of course, the whole country believes that women have to cover every part of their body except their eyeballs, you know? Yes. And this is this, this kind of thinking, we're very vulnerable to groupthink and especially groupthink that's being like intentionally manipulated also. And then being done with psychedelic drugs. Now they did it during the Manson era because they were trying to stop the anti-war movement. So they were trying to like the hippies and all these people that were like, Hey, make love not war. Right. They're like, we have to change the association that the general public has with these people. 'cause too many people are joining up with them. And so what they did was they got the Manson family, and they got him to commit these horrific crimes.


And every time Charles Manson would get arrested, he would get let outta jail. I mean, he was violating parole left and right. And the cops that arrested him were all being told when, when they were interviewed, they, they would say, this is above my pay grade, they're telling me that I have to let him go. So they would be contacted by someone from the State Department or wherever and saying, let him go. I Saw that somewhat alluded to in the documentary of like, well, you know, know when the one guy, I'm gonna botch this, nevermind. Bottom line is they, they generally alluded to that. Yeah. But because I didn't read the book, there wasn't that kind of in depth takeaway at All. Yeah. Unfortunately, the documentaries only like, what, like 90 minutes? Yeah. It's very short. Yeah. The book is, And It draws a connection, but it doesn't prove out its points.


Yeah. And I couldn't quite understand like, well, where's the proof of it? Until, until you just explained it to me. Tom O'Neill, the guy who wrote that book is, he's been on the podcast before. He was my friend Greg Fitzsimmons neighbor in New York, and he was writing this 20 plus years. So Greg was his friend when it was happening. Like when, when he start. So what he was doing is he was writing an article, I think it was for Vanity Fair or Variety, I forget. But the article was on the anniversary of the Manson killings. And so it was supposed to be just like, Hey, this is the anniversary, just write an article about the facts.


So he starts going into the facts of the case, and he's like, what? Wait a minute. And so he starts investigating and he can't investigate enough, and then he gets in trouble because like the deadline's passed. Ah. And then he gets a book deal and he, the deadline passes on that. He is just completely obsessed with getting to the bottom of this and absorbing more and more information and documenting it all. He's got enough for many books. And he, I think, I believe he's writing another book right now that is Absolutely insane. Yeah. You know, that the huge irony is that these drugs can, as we both know, these drugs can save lives. Yeah. And you know, I was just talking to Callie and Brigham And you know, who, who are involved in the Texas Ibogaine initiative.


And what's so fascinating is Very different drug. Okay. But what about psilocybin? Like when I talk to Also very different drug. Is it really Very, very different drug? Yeah. LSD is very different than All those. So didn't use psilocybin or iboga or any of that stuff. I thought They did. No, not with that. But perhaps you could, if you did it correctly, if you knew how to manipulate people like Jolly West was well versed in Oh, I didn't realize that difference. Manipulation. I mean, this was the whole part of the CIA's program. And the, by the way, it's not just the CIA, it's other intelligence agencies. M IFI was doing it. The, the, the, the UK studies on psychedelics. You could see the videos of British troops on acid.


They, they, they dosed up these British troops from nine, I wanna say it's the 1950s. Do you know that video, Jamie? You know the video. We've played it before. But these guys are, you know, in with full fatigue, just laughing, leaning up against trees, laughing. They gave him LSD To what end? Both of wanna find out what it does. They thought it was a true serum. Turns out it's not like, well, what can it do? And then so they're, they used people to try to figure out what can be done with it. So this is 25 minutes. Let's put your headphones on real quick. Okay. The first effects of the drug became apparent. 25 minutes later, The drug became apparent. The men began to relax and to giggle. But this man was more seriously affected and had to be removed from the exercise.


After 35 minutes, one of the radio operators had become incapable of using his set. And the efficiency of the rocket launcher team was also very impaired. 10 minutes later, the attacking section had lost all sense of urgency. Notice the bunching and indecision as they enter a wood occupied by the enemy. Almost immediately, the section commander tried to use a map to find the location of troop headquarters. And a prisoner's escort had to have the way pointed out to him, although it was in plain sight, 700 yards away over open country. 50 minutes after taking the drug. Radio communication had become difficult, if not impossible, but the men are still capable of sustained physical effort.


This man nearly succeeded in filling this tree using only a spade. However, constructive action was still attempted by those retaining a sense of responsibility in spite of physical symptoms. But one hour and 10 minutes after taking the drug with one man climbing a tree to feed the birds, good commander gave up admitting that he could no longer control himself. No, definitely me Right there himself or his men. Yeah. So this is one of the first experiments they did with LSD and, and soldiers. Would You be trying to spray the air over the, the opposition? I mean, otherwise what, what's the fri what?


Well, you can, you could, What is that? You could infect their food supply. You can infect their water supply. So Using it against Yeah. Your enemy, So to speak. Yeah, you could do that. Yeah. It's Okay. That's, I mean, I mean, there was also some experiments that they ran, I think it was in St. Louis, where they were using a fan and they were spraying things, air aerosol spraying to see what kind of effect things would have on people like our government if you give them the license. Right. I don't wanna say all our government. Let's just stop saying that. Let's just say human beings with unchecked power. Yeah. Human beings with unchecked power that are, they have an imperative.


Like what are they trying to do? Well, they're trying to figure out what this stuff does and what's the best way to do it. You tried it out on soldiers, like they've always done that with vaccines and a bunch of different experimental androgens. They've dosed them up with steroids and, and all sorts of different things to increase aggression. Methamphetamine was used during the war I to get kamikazes to fly their planes into boats. Nazis, Who Hitler Nazis did. It was leaked out of his skull. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I've seen that footage of him. I think it was at the Olympics. Yes. 1936 Olympics out of just fuck rocking. Just rocking. Yes. I've heard that. If they did not have that, they propped him up on that to the degree that he was able to subsequently convince Mussolini to jump into the mix.


Yeah. Yeah. Jesus. Have you ever read Blitzed? No. It's, do we have it here still, Jamie? It's out there. Norman Oler. Norman Oler wrote this insane book on the ubiquitous use of drugs during the Third Reich and how it caused them to go through Poland in three days, because they stayed up for three fucking days on meth, and they gave the most meth to the people that were driving the tanks. 'cause they were at the front. So it was like, they gave different doses depending on what your job was. And they just methed up, ran through Poland, and they, they caught these people just like in France, the, like, their soldiers were given wine.


So these people were like drunk. And then the Nazis came through meth up and just fucking killed everybody. You know, I've heard that, I don't know if this is true or not, so I I heard that similar things were given, forgive me for throwing this out there. It could be total bullshit, but to Hamas on the October 7th attack in order to be able to commit those kinds of atrocities. Yeah, I don't know. I Don't know either. I've heard, I've heard it through friends who are Israeli. It could be bullshit, but I, I would wonder if you have to commit those kinds of violent acts against another human being, I would, I would imagine you'd have to be altered in some capacity.


I, I can't even fathom being able to, I I don't know. I I can't, I can't wrap my head around It. Well, I think human beings are capable of great atrocities without any kind of Drugs. One on one like that though. Yeah. Really? Yeah, they do it. I mean, look at Vietnam. Look at the things that people did during Vietnam. I guess I don't, i I don't think they doses them in Vietnam. I guess you're Right. No, I guess you're Right. And you know, in Vietnam, people were taking heroin and smoking weed and they were still doing that. It's, people have an evil capacity to other, other people and decide. I mean, you see it politically, you know, in this country, like, people on the left, oh will Oh yeah. Demonize people on the right. People on the right will demonize people on the left. It's just like, it's a tribal thing that it's, it's a, an echo of our past because essentially when we were small tribes of 150 people and then you got invaded by a, a neighboring tribe, you had to be able to commit extreme violence against the other.


And you had to be able to think of them as not you. That's not a person that's, that's, that's them. And you have to be able to go after


Boxing's biggest weekend is here and Draftking Sports book is bringing the heat. It all kicks off Friday in Times Square as Ryan Garcia, Devin Haney, and Tia FMO Lopez Light up New York City. Then on Saturday, the king returns Canelo Alvarez is back on his own pay-per-view. And on Sunday, it's a can't miss moment. Naa, in a way, makes his electrifying US debut in Las Vegas. This is a fight weekend for the History books and Draftking Sports book is your front row seat to all the action. New to DraftKings. You're gonna love this. New customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. That's right. Five bucks gets you 200 to play with cash in on Boxing's biggest weekend ever with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan to unlock $200 in bonus bets. When you place a $5 bet only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, call the Virginia Problem Gambling helpline at 8 8 8 5 3 2 3521 and over Virginia only eligibility restrictions apply. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by fast growing trees. If you wanna know what you're putting into your body, growing your own food is a great place to start. But listen, you don't have to start your garden alone. Did you know Fast Growing Trees is the biggest online nursery in the US with thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers. They have all the plants your dream yard needs, fruit trees, privacy trees, flowering trees, shrubs and so much more. Whatever plants you are interested in, fast growing trees has you covered, find the perfect fit for your climate and space. Plus, get support from trained plant experts on call to help you plan your landscape. Choose the right plants, and learn how to care for them. Great. If you don't have the greenest of thumbs and their Alive and Thrive guarantee ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy this spring, they have the best deals for your yard up to half off on select plants and other deals and listeners of our show get 15% off their first purchase when using the code JRE at checkout. That's an additional 15% off at fast-growing trees.com. Using the code jr e at checkout fast growing trees.com/jre. Now's the perfect time to plant use JE to save today. Offer is valid for a limited time terms and conditions may apply


them. I I can understand that it's encouraged broadly it Encouraged by the group and Okay. Right. Fair. Yeah. But the, Some of it No, I get it. Of Just so visceral and hideous, and I don't, don't mean to bring the vibe down, but it's, it's some, it's one thing to, to kill another human being that I have to, this is how we survive or what whatever it is, we're fighting Nazis and you don't have a choice. Okay. Fair. But to beheads just, just the Oh, yeah. You know, the, that kind of stuff. I just think torture. Yeah. What, Yeah, there's no, I, I often ask, this is, this is going to a, a very unplanned place, but I ask myself what I'm capable of. If somebody hurt my kids or hurt my wife or hurt my mom, like, what would I be capable of doing?


I bet you'd be capable of extreme violence. I think, oh, you're a human being without question. But I would be capable of it, but I don't like blood. I can't stand blood, I don't like guts. It would, it would make me sick. It would horrify me. So I'm like, how would I, this, this is the shit that tortures me in the middle of the night when I can't sleep. Like how far removed am I from this mentality? Like, am I just a few catastrophes away from losing my mind and becoming a lunatic? Well, that's the appeal of the Walking Dead. Right? The walking Dead. Yes, you're right. The zombies become inconsequential. Right. The real problem is people. Yes. That's so true. And I, I could do a hell of a lot of horrendous things, but I couldn't, like some of the torture methods.


I just, I don't think, how do you have the stomach for it? Well, Like, look at what they did during the Inquisition. You can't say that that was drugs. The, these were people that just decided they were gonna torture people and they, they had, you know, they decided they othered people. And this is, this is a, an a really evil aspect of human nature. How do You defend against it? Do you think, seriously? Like if we all have it in us, what is the antidote to that? Do you think? You have to have a strong army. You have to have people that can defend you against people that want to do that to people here. You know, and that's, and and then they have to have a strong ethical and moral foundation where they would never Be compromised.


Yeah. They have to be the good guys. They have to think that they're the good guys and have a, a very strong ethical and moral foundation that doesn't allow them to compromise that. It's tough though, because when people fight dirty, it's such a massive disadvantage. Right. That then you think, well, I'm gonna lose if I don't make this sacrifice in how I'm behaving or how I'm tackling this. Well, we like to think that we're the good guys, but the, the biggest thing that's ever been done to human beings that's horrific is the nuclear bomb. Like indiscriminate killing of civilians. Hundreds of thousands, boom. In one shot. Okay. The argument being that you drop it and then the war ends. Yeah. So it's sure it's the, the, the lesser of evils.


You know, you, you, you've sacrificed, I don't how many hundreds of thousands of people in that moment, but did you save millions down the road? And can you justify the behavior utilizing that logic? Yeah. Have all, you know, I committed this atrocity, but I saved more lives. Like that's the slippery slope that I I think about often is you were just talking about this the other day when, you know, be careful you don't become a monster Yeah. When you're fighting monsters. Yeah. And sometimes it's that, it's that, you know, fire fighting, fire conversation. You wanna use water, but what if it doesn't work? Yeah. Sometimes you have to become a monster. Sometimes You, honestly, Joe, I hate to say it, but sometimes you Have to. Yeah, you do. Yeah. If you want to defeat evil, you have to become a monster because if you don't, you won't beat it.


You, you have to do horrific things to beat horrific people. You have to kill them. Right? Like if someone's invading and they're shooting guns at people and they're, they show up at the beach and they pull up in boats and they start gunning people down. Yeah. You have to do the same to stop that this, there's, you can't like bring out daisies and go, Hey guys, like I bake you these pot brownies. Just like, let's just chill. I try, Let's Just rethink this man. I, Sebastian Younger said this to me once. He's like, listen, if you aren't willing to talk to the worst enemy, you have to fight them. But it's when the talking doesn't work. And you see that all the time. Yep. You see, I, I see it in my own personal life when all of my best intentions and my, my calmest demeanor and my most empathetic approach to something fails because you're just not dealing with somebody who is rational or well-intentioned.


And if you broaden that out, Well then a language barrier, we have no idea what they're saying. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, cool. And then a cultural barrier where their, their culture believes that if they die, that they're going to go to heaven and that there'll be a martyr. And so they're, they're willing to do that. They're, they're excited to, to to die and to kill you with them because they believe that the real, the real prize is not in this life that is insane. It's in the next life. Insane. That we could, but this, we're very vulnerable. We're very vulnerable to this kind of thinking. And I don't know why we're designed this way. I don't either. It's a distortion probably of tribal survival, primate instincts.


You know, you see it with, have you ever watched Chimp Nation? No. I was actually going to say animals don't have it. But then there, here we Are. Oh, they do. Really? Oh, for sure. I mean, I know lions will kill And it, they're territorial. But the capacity for torture, I've never seen that in the animal kingdom that kind of, Have you ever see a cat with a mouse? Okay. Yeah. I guess I have. Yeah. They torture my, they hold onto him and then they let him go. And the mouse like, oh Jesus, he's gonna let me go. Like, not today, motherfucker. Yeah. And then they torture him and want to keep playing with him. Yeah. They have zero empathy. Cats are the worst. Yeah. That's, they, They have zero empathy, especially house cats. 'cause they're well fed. Right. So they're not doing it for food.


They're just doing it because they have instincts to kill. Like they're, these instincts are being, they're they're being distorted. Right. Because like the real instinct that they have to kill so that they could survive. But when they're fully fed, they don't turn those instincts off. You know? Now they just have this kill drive that's never satiated. And you know, cats are the perfect killer. They move so fast, they're so stealthy. They have it from the time they're kittens. You see 'em crawl up to each other like very slowly, very jump on each other. I'm Thinking about our cat actually, as you're talking. Yeah. And when we lived in Miami, he would use the dog door and he would bring in iguanas.


Whoa. Yeah. This big. Yeah. Isn't it crazy? I, I and I, my wife would be like, honey, you know, And it would chasing this fucking iguana around the house And it was, it was ridic. Yeah. And he wouldn't, he wouldn't kill it With it. No. They're not trying to it kill it. They're having fun. He was having fun. Now that I, I mean you Right. You Have a little murderer that you live with. Yeah. Yeah. Little bastard. But Yes, that's what cats are. Yeah. You know, and that's a part of their essence. I mean, they are the cleanup crew. They're, they're there to make sure the populations don't get outta control. God, you bring up such a great point. I've you Ever seen the numbers on cats? Like domestic cats? What? They kill every year. The Birds. I know. They kill a crazy amount of billions. Billions, Billions.


Billions of birds. Billion. Billion. He's in cat now. Don already know this. Let's look at the numbers. Jesus real. 'cause people, I, we brought it up before, but it, it's, it's worth repeating 'cause it's, it's kind of crazy. So it sort of illustrates this point. So this is like Billions. Yes. B with B like multiple. I didn't know that. What that mean, house cats. Oh, it does. They don't have to be. They they kill hundred hundreds. Each cat feral. Cats are ruthless house cats. Feral cats. Wild cats. Any cat that's outside. Yeah. They, they instantly kill. Okay. Here it is. Domestic cats, the leading cause of bird death in the United States. Estimated kill 1.3 and 4 billion birds annually.


This includes both pet cats and cats at Rome outdoors and feral cats. Jesus American Bird Conservancy estimates that free ranging cats kill approximately 2.4 million. It's hard to know what the real numbers are, of Course. Right? Yeah. But it, But they know it's in the billions. It's it is in the billions. That's, But imagine how many birds there. It'd be if cats didn't do that, like who's gonna kill 'em? Like they fucking, the sky would be filled with birds. You'd go outside, just get shit on everywhere. That was like Alfred Cock movie. It's kind of crazy. I mean, when you, when you do look back at the plague and they started killing all the cats 'cause they were associated with witches. And that's when the plague was able to kind of run more rampant. Right. 'cause the cats were keeping that rat population down. Yes. And like, the fleas on the rats caused.


Well, that's the coyote problem in California, right? Like, people are like, oh, I hate coyotes. Right. But do you hate coyotes more than you hate rats? Because coyotes are the reason why rats aren't everywhere. You know, like where I used to live, like I, there was a lot of coyotes, but I don't see very many rats. And that's the reason why Yeah. Like the wolves, the little wolves, which is what a coyote is. Right. A small wolf. They're rat killers and rabbit killers and everything else they get ahold of. They DI I mean it's, it's obvious that they're playing a role Yeah. In, you know, this control. Yeah. The, the, exactly. But I, because everyone in California just thinks they ate my Pomeranian and they don't see beyond me.


Oh, they probably did. Yeah. Yeah. And they probably did. I mean, as a child, I, oh They ate my daughter's puppy. Yeah. They, but a mountain lion ate one of my dogs when I lived in Colorado. Ugh. That's hard. Yeah. It's likes, like these cats are motherfuckers, you know? Yeah. And predators, like, at least predators are doing it for food. Well, I was gonna say, you don't hold it against, as a child, I lost a dog to a coyote. To this day, I don't, I don't have like, I don't hate coyotes. It's like, well the dog was in the yard and we didn't coyote proof the yard enough. Let's fucking coyote proof the yard. Now You can't really coyote proof your yard either. I had a coyote kill a chicken in my yard. We had a six foot tall, six foot tall wrought iron fence with The rollers on it. Did you have those? No, we didn't have the rollers. Okay.


But the coyote with the chicken in its mouth leaped to the top like a ballerina. Like, it was so elegant the way I was really impressed with its athleticism. And as a person who like admires physical FETs, I was like, well that's very impressive because with that chicken in its mouth leaped up to the top of the fence, got its paws on, it went over just so gracefully and so adept. It was really impressive. Okay. Fair. This is like, I, I guess animals do have a propensity for cats in particular. I, I did not think of it that way. That makes me feel a little better because I, the sad thing is fucked up. 'cause they're not even doing it for food. It's, but it's like that thing inside of them has been, it's there.


You can't satisfy it with just food. I mean, they literally are the cre the cleanup crew for nature. Right. That's what they are in Africa. When you see them, they're looking for the wounded antelopes. They're looking for anybody who's old. They're looking for anybody who just can't run fast enough. And that's what they do. And that's how they keep the populations down. You know, this is the reason why they've reintroduced wolves into Colorado. And that's the reason why they re reintroduced wolves in Montana. And the elk populations decreased significantly because the elk populations were outta control. Right, Right, Right, right. So they brought in wolves and the wolves like radically drop the population down. And they even do surplus killing where they'll kill a bunch of things where they can't eat. They, but just that they can't help themselves.


They have the opportunity to kill. And so they do. So what is the, what is the antidote to this within the human population? Because I see the necessity for survival, but it, it can make you quite depressed if you let it, it can make you a bit nihilistic. Yeah. And and fighting for the hope and the good is, so my, see my mom says that to me all the time. 'cause when I try to show her some of the things you and I talked about in the beginning, and I'm like, don't you see, and this is rigged and who's really pulling the strings? And these are bad guy. And she's like, honey, I'm 76. Like, leave me alone.


And that's fine. I want, I want to, There's nothing wrong with that, does It? You know, she's like, I want to see the good in people. Try to see Mr. Rogers. Yeah, look for the helpers. But you can fall into really becoming an nihilistic about humanity when you, when you witness these things and have these conversations. And I, I try so hard to not go there in my head, but it's hard not to, Well we are primitive Come That way. We're a primitive evolving species and we're, we're still trapped with these primate bodies. We're territorial primates with weapons, you know, and we're still trapped with the same, same instincts that got us to the dance.


The same instincts that caused us to create walled cities, which, you know, allowed us to survive. And then agriculture, which allowed us to develop surpluses. And then people wanted those surpluses nomads and they came in the, the roving barbarians, the Mongolian hoards. You know, this is, this is like all part of our history. And this is ba the battle of good versus evil and the battle of good versus evil. I think this duality has to exist. I think you have to have good to combat evil. And you have to have evil to keep good in check. Like to enhance good and to force people to really to to, to rise and to innovate and to figure out how to defeat evil without evil.


And without the idea of these hordes, we never would've developed cities if we never developed cities. We never would've gone through the industrial revolution. We're not, we wouldn't develop cities if we were just like roving, peaceful, nomadic, hunter gatherers. It just, we would be the same. It serves its purpose. I've read all, I've read all my Khalil bra and it's like, oh, you know, the, the, the deeper your pain, like the more ability you have for empathy and I get all of it, but it's, it's seemingly imbalanced now. And I guess that's what I mean. It's always like that. But that's, that is what causes people to strive to do better. I hope you're Right, Joe. I think it is. I mean you, I mean you de you're definitely one of those guys, which is, which is why bringing it back to the very beginning, I think that you're number one.


But I also think, you know, you're one out of quite a few. Well, I hope you're right. You know, you have to have principles that you live your life by. Right. And be aware of evil, but do your best to be good. Yeah. And you know, and you see the fight, I mean, without, Without evil. Like you have no desire to be like why? Why be so, why be wonderful? Why be kind and why There's no contrast. There's no, there's nothing you're fighting against. Like, this is unfortunately what motivates Entry. What makes you choose though? Okay. So another thing that I've thought about often is like, evil never stops going.


Have you ever heard that Good has to decide when it gets outta bed in the morning, like you're on the freeway and someone's gotta, is broken down on the side of the freeway and it's like, do you, are you late for something? Are you worried? There are a million things that will influence whether or not I stop that day. But a bad guy will always see an opportunity to go after that person. Evil works tirelessly and good requires a sacrifice. You sacrifice yourself. Play less Evil than there is. Good. Your mic just cut off. Mine did, yeah. Did you disconnect the mic cable? Me? No, I think it's disconnected. Mike, where the Mic too dark of a conversation.


It's like, that's it. No more of this dark shit. Is it back now? Oh, yep. That's weird. I didn't even touch it. It's happened before. I Don't know. Okay. Back. This Is, yeah, this is a cyber, it's Evil evil's trying to stop me from saying the moment I'm saying there's more good than there is evil. The mic disconnects. Yeah. Yeah. I think unfortunately evil can co-opt people and because good people can become evil when they experience so much evil that they have to become, you know, become a monster. Yeah. Fight against monsters. I I'm seeing it even in, in the health space as sometimes I'll, you know, Brigham is dealing with the FDA stuff right now and I was talking to him this morning and he's like, Jillian, and he's talking about trying to compound peptides and there's a war on peptides and there's a war on stem cells.


And of course it's like the cutting edge of medicine, but he's like describing what they're going up against in dealing with this. And it's, it's evil. Like why would you want to prevent these lifesaving treatments? Well that's a Perfect example. Yeah. That's money. And if money is the devil, that, that's a perfect example because the pharmac, how much do you need Though, Joe? Yeah, that's my question. It's not you though. The problem is corporations, you, I'm sure you've seen this before, corporations behave like a psychopath, right? Because corporations don't have humanity. And when you have a corporation, which I don't know how we get away from not having corporations. So what's the solution there? But corporations have an obligation to their shareholders.


Yeah. And sometimes you have to do fucked up things in order to make more money. And that's when you're in the business of drugs. Like that's, look, if you're in the business of making movies, I mean, what fucked up things can you do to make more movies and make mo movies that more people are gonna see really nothing. It's like you just have to make them resonate with people. Yeah. But if you're selling drugs, well boy, You can influence people. You can lie about studies, you can have your scientists perform studies and then throw out all the studies that don't jive with whatever you're trying to sell Compounding. And then You can, if pharmacies kicking them out, then compromise. Yeah. Yeah. You compromise all these politicians and get them to repeat your narratives.


That should be illegal though. Oh Yeah. That should be illegal. That should be illegal. You should be able to get rid of, but the Citizens united is not. So how do you get it out? You, you gotta reform campaign finance. Do you remember many moons ago, I believe it was John Edwards who was running on that many moons ago. But as a kid I didn't fully understand what that meant as an adult. No one's ever brought that. I mean, kind of money. Here's step one. You gotta say they can't advertise. That's number one. They can't do it because not only is it not adv advertising is not really the problem, it's part of the problem. But the real problem is when they advertise and Callie means talked about this extensively. Now the media will not criticize them them 'cause they're responsible for an enormous percentage of their Income.


70 plus percent. But the issue, I've had this conversation recently, and the issue's gonna be freedom of speech here. It's gonna be a First Amendment fight. But that's not a First Amendment thing. They're Gonna argue it is Joe. 'cause you could still do it on social media. You could still like make your own podcast if you're Pfizer. That's the angle. Still speak. That's the angle they're gonna take. I am sure of it. Right. But you can't advertise for cigarettes on television. Why? Because we've decided the Cigarettes kids, I think, I think it's kids. I've heard this conversation and I'm trying to remember who one of the researchers was, but Callie was there. Mark Hyman was there and they were having this exact conversation and one of the people on the other side was suggesting that they've already gamed this out and that's the way that they're gonna go to this Become.


Yeah. Well ironically, this is self-sabotage for the media itself because no one takes 'em seriously anymore because they don't do that because they don't criticize the pharmaceutical drug companies. They don't talk about vaccine side effects. They don't talk about pharmaceutical drug side effects. They don't, They make you look like you're insane when you do. Yeah. You're a crazy person. I was on CNN talking about ozempic one time, then they essentially called me anti-science because I suggested that a lot of the drugs. Yeah. I was like, whoa. They're like, well, we give people statins and we give people blood me blood pressure medication And we, oh, look at the fucking data on statins. By The way, I I was initiating that conversation. Yeah. And I was called anti-science and well that's Not even anti-science.


They don't understand the data. They won't Even allow you to express that on the show anywhere then never again invited of course on CNN because They're compromised. It, it's not really news. It's only the news that they feel compelled to talk about due to their financial issues. Yeah. They buy the narrative across. But, but the problem with that, like, look at the ratings on CNN, they're fucking collapsing and they're in a a spiral. Why? Because no one trusts them anymore. So the public trust has been eroded because of their own desire to make more money.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. Summer is around the corner. And I don't know about you all, but I have lots of plans. Camping, beach excursions, cross country road trips. It's always nice to get outta the house and enjoy the sun and open air. What's not so fun is leaving your home unprotected for days on end. You've got valuable stuff there. Personal documents, family heirlooms, all your tech, protect whatever you need while you're away with simply safe. And I'm not saying that SimpliSafe has been named the best home security system by US News and World Report five years in a row. It's also been ranked number one in customer service among home security providers by Newsweek and USA today. Probably because SimpliSafe will go above and beyond to keep you and your family safe. They have professional monitoring agents that can help watch over your home when you can't. Plus their technology is state of the art, helping to capture anything suspicious on or around your property. Check them out. SimpliSafe has plans that start at around a dollar a day and right now get 50% off your new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and your first month free. Just go to simplisafe.com/rogan. That's simplisafe.com/rogan for 50% off and your first month free. There's no safe flex. Simply safe.


This episode is brought to you by ShipStation. Managing an e-commerce business is challenging enough without the added chaos of shipping and order fulfillment. It can feel like trying to herd cats on roller skates. That's where ShipStation comes in with its simple dashboard. ShipStation lets you handle all your shipping needs in one place, automating tasks, securing the best shipping rates, and even printing labels with a single click. Whether you're shipping a few packages a day or thousands, it grows alongside your business. Plus it integrates seamlessly with all the services and selling channels you already use. So you can keep your existing workflow intact while making it even more efficient. Ready to bring calm to the chaos. Go to shipstation.com and use the code JRE to sign up for your free trial.


There's an opportunity where a network wanted me to compete against these GLP one drugs. And everyone loves the idea, but the top concern is, oh, what if Jillian wins and then it'll be a catastrophe. So the ad sales department is like, I don't, I don't know that we can do this. We can't call it Jillian verses, we can't call it that. What are we gonna call it? I don't know how we're gonna position this. And I I I was like, we don't need to, we don't even need to bash it. Lemme just do my job. Let's see what happens. But they're even afraid, like, God forbid I won. Yeah. And was able to do it naturally. Do you think there's an argument for GLP one drugs though for people who are morbidly obese?


Because I kind of do. Okay, So here's where I've gotten to on all, all medications. Largely it's a cost benefit analysis. So if you brought an individual who was morbidly obese and already had athero cirrhosis and type two diabetes and chronic kidney disease and you said, we've tried everything, they're a death store and this is arguably the last step. Well in that case, the downsides of the medications are far less than not trying it. So in that instance, you, you could twist my arm for sure, but if you gave me my way, I would prefer to look at what the medications like ibogaine or psilocybin could do for the psychological component.


The addictive component. Yes. One treatment. Yeah. Doesn't go on forever. And then 'cause diet and exercise do work. What's stopping them from engaging in those habits consistently is all the stuff we talked about in the beginning. The psychological component, the physical addiction. So, you know, no one's ever tried it though. So there there's no way to actually know and you can't, it's almost impossible to do the research on it. Which is again, why the text side began initiative is so important. Yeah. Because you can begin this kind of research, although it is in veterans and addiction and so on, but would that be the first step? And when I've asked the people in the space, like Matt Shepherd for example, who is at Shepherd Pratt and one of the guys that's like the foremost experts on psilocybin and treating addiction, he's like, yeah, theoretically you would work great.


Theoretically. So for me, I'm like, if you, if we got all the way to this place and I had no choice, that's like saying, Jill, if someone had stage four cancer, would you do chemo? I mean, I guess so, but I, I'd like to, if there was an alternative way forward or if we could prevent it to begin with, that would be ideal. So you could twist my arm to that point. I think there's something to be said for, again, what Brigham is doing weighs too well, which is why being able to compound the GLP one drugs allows you to titrate the dose. So when people argue with me on this matter, they'll suggest that a titrated dose, a lesser amount of these drugs can be effective with significantly less side effects. But who, you know when they're trying to block that and you can't even explore it.


Yeah. It's all weird because I think the problem also is competition, right? If Ibogaine becomes ubiquitous and the, these clinics become everywhere, the real issue becomes how much does that compete with the pharmaceutical drug markets value? How much does that decrease their, their ability to profit? And it's probably significantly, I mean, if it impacts antidepressants alone, that that's significant. Yeah. If it, if it's if one treatment, treatment could have the impact on obesity that it does on opioid addiction. I mean, GLP ones are the most profitable drug of all.


But here's the thing, if, if they do allow the use of ibogaine and then also they allow the use of psilocybin. If more people start taking it, more people are not gonna buy whatever the pharmaceutical drug companies are selling and they'll just naturally sort of deteriorate. You're always gonna have fools. You're always gonna have people that just wanna, what do I take? I'll take it. There's always gonna be people like that. You know, you and I know those people are there to give you a lesson without you having to fall prey to the, the, the folly that they have fallen prey to. I think that's the same with a lot of addictions, particularly gambling addiction. You know, I'm in Vegas all the time and I don't gamble because I've played play blackjack for fun, but like 20 bucks here, a hundred.


Right. I don't, I don't get it, but I see it. I see it. I see that crazed look in the, I think gambling addiction is one of the weirder ones. I've been around it a good portion of my life and it's the sweaty fucking faces. This, this, this need to, to gamble is really nuts. And that's another part of the human reward system that's been Hijacked, intermittent rewarding. Yeah. Is the most powerful. It's crazy. It's the study I've ever seen it with. Like the rats where they push the button, no food comes out, push the button, food comes out. So the ones that get the intermittent food reward will sit there and push that damn button until they collapse of exhaustion. Yep.


The ones that push for a little while get nothing, give up The ones that push until they're get food every time. Get full give up. Sloping logic. It's the same thing. Yep. It's That intermittent reinforcement. Yeah. We're It is exceptionally powerful. We're easy to manipulate. We're weird creatures. I know. I Know. And it's, again, it's all our survival instincts get hijacked. But if you gave them an alternative path when they are ready for help, right. When the horse is ready to drink and you had an alternative method that we are seeing work. Yes. Well that's the thing. You have to have freedom of the use of these alternative methods. And I think naturally those would overcome, they would succeed. Wow. I think you'd still probably have gambling addicts.


Sure. You still, still probably would have people that want to take all the pharmaceutical drugs, like whatever the doctor wants to prescribe to 'em. But it would be less and less. I think it would. And they don't want that. Which is why you're seeing the pushback from the FDA with peptides and all these different things is 'cause they're concerned that if you give people a bunch of things that are gonna make 'em healthy, they're not gonna take as many pharmaceutical drugs. Oh. Without, I mean, which is why there's no model for prevention. And in healthcare it's right. It's not profitable at all, but it's ridiculous. There's a peptide called cerebral izing that they give to stroke patients in other parts of the developed world that can have a massive impact as well on cognitive function and can be neuroprotective.


You can't even buy it here. Literally. I, I had to find it in Austria, ship it into the country. And Brigham and Dr. Rexford. I was like, now what do I do with this? He's like, Brigham had to walk me through how to use it on freaking FaceTime. He's like, it's snap. It's ridiculous. Yeah, it is insane. It's pretty crazy. And I, Like, I, I, By the way, there's a new stroke drug that I actually just sent my friend Rich, because our friend Keith Robinson, I don't have his number, but he suffered from a stroke. And there's some new drug that, I'll send this to you, Jamie. These UCLA scientists have developed. Oh, you got it already.


They developed first drug rehabilitation to repair brain damage. A drug replicated the recovery of movement control produced by rehab and mice. Oh, that's Cool. Yeah. So this is new. This is March 18th. New study by UCL Health is discovered what researchers say is the first drug to fully reproduce a si the reproduce the effects of physical stroke rehabilitation in modernized following from human studies. Yeah. So, which is wonderful. It's amazing. I mean, so this is the benefit you're right, of psych, of of pharmaceutical drugs. Yes. Like there are some pharmaceutical drugs that are wonderful. So the goal is to have medicine and stroke patients can take that produces the effects of rehabilitation.


Dr. S Thomas Carmichael, the studies lead author and professor and chair of UCLA neurology rehabilitation after stroke is limited in its actual effects because most patients cannot sustain the rehab intensity needed for stroke recovery. Further stroke recovery is not like most other fields of medicine where drugs are available to treat the disease such as cardiology, infectious disease, or cancer. Carmichael said rehabilitation is a physical medicine approach that has been around for decades. We need to move rehabilitation into an era of molecular medicine. So this is why, you know, you don't wanna throw the baby out with the bath Water. Yeah, you're totally right. It's, it's always like that though. Everything is a U-shaped curve. Yeah. There's drugs that the pharmaceutical drug companies make that help people and heal them and fix them and he, and save their lives.


And, you know, I Couldn't agree with you mores. It's great. It's, it's like, but it is that, but you have to contain that. But that goaly locks Just like you have to, you know, keep your kids from eating all the sugar completely. Yeah. I, I mean, I just got whooping cough and Joe, I literally thought I was going to die. I ended up at week seven, I called my internist and I was like, I think you need to check me in the fucking hospital. This is insane. I think I'm going to die. And they hit me with the horns. And the long story short is I am vaccinated for it. But I guess my vac or my, my vaccination or my booster is old. I don't even remember the last time I got it. My wife is vaccinated. My kids are vaccinated for it. My mom is vaccinated for it. Everybody in my, my circle is vaccinated.


No one got it. I strongly recommend getting your DT a vaccine because whooping cough, it was a hundred days of it. So for ex, my point being like, I don't want the covid va, Jillian, I don't want the Covid vaccine and I don't need it. But I, in any universe, for me personally, I would, if I would've known I was behind on that booster. It, it's like everything has a cost benefit analysis. Everything. It's like the dose is what makes the poison. Everything is that U-shaped curve. Yeah. And approaching it with nuance is really the only intelligent way forward to make the best decisions for yourself, but you need the right information to Do that. Right.


And we need to have actual access to data. And this is a, a real problem that we've had in the last few decades because there's been this revolving door between the FDA and pharmaceutical drug companies. So people there, the head, I think it's like seven outta eight heads of the FDA went on to work for pharmaceutical drug companies revolving Door a hundred percent. Which, so you've developed these relationships with these pharmaceutical drug companies where you're like, they're funding the studies, they're funding all, and then you leave and then you go to work for them and you get a nice cushy job. So you kind of like, Look, I can make, you Can look sideways. You can make it Way, make it worse. I was, when I was at the senate testimony, I can't remember how many months ago that was, but Cali means had us meeting with different senators and their aides.


And a kid came up to me and I of course brought that up and he's like, it's so much worse than that. And I was like, elaborate, what do you mean it's so much worse than that? And he said, essentially they developed the drug, have stock in the company, go to work at the FDA, approve the drug and go back to the drug company. Yeah. I was like, oh, there's, there's another step. Okay. Got it. So crazy. Should be completely Illegal. Illegal. Yeah. I mean, want to talk about a conflict of interest. That's the biggest conflict ever. And you're dealing with billions of dollars. Yep. In profit. I was working on a book or have been working on a book where it looks at each and every law that was put into place with good intentions in the road, the hell is paved with good intentions and how each and every one was co-opted by big food or big AG or big pharma to wreck complete havoc and destruction.


Yeah. And that's what you see all The time. That's what you say. And you're gonna keep seeing that if nothing gets changed. And that's what's encouraging about this administration. So the thing, the thing that I was most excited about was Bobby Kennedy. When Bobby Kennedy United with Trump, I was like, okay, I'm in. He goes, like, if he can get in there, you can see real change that's gonna affect the way our lives are forever. That's gonna change things. It's gonna give people a real understanding of what's going on behind the scenes, why you've been lied to, why all these drugs are ever, why you're seeing poor health outcomes, why we're the richest nation in the world, but also the sickest, you know, why?


And, and across the board with education, we're the richest nation in the world. We have the, we have terrible education scores. Like why, why since we developed a department of education, have our scores plummeted? Like what is that? And again, road to hell, good Intentions. Yes, a hundred percent. I I was speaking with Kelly and he's like, you know, don't pull punches 'cause you, you wanna be diplomatic, but I'm finding myself defending Kennedy, who by the way, I've met twice. I have no, I don't work for this administration. I have no personal affiliation. It's just right and wrong. There is a huge problem that needs to be addressed.


And this administration wants to address it. And yet you are seeing the resistance. You are seeing the opposition flood the zone with hysteria. Yeah. 24 fucking seven. And it's crazy. It's constantly taking people off pieced like, oh, I actually did an interview the other day on News Nation where the host is like, well, you know, he promised results on autism by September and that's unrealistic. And I was like, who gives a fuck if it's unrealistic? Aren't you glad we're looking at it? Yeah. It's genetic. I'm like, do you really believe that? Why would anybody say that without doing decades of research themselves? I I cannot. I I I, do you really think, Do you know California's, it's now some Yes.


Insane number. Like one in 12 boys. It's, it's higher in California obviously, than anywhere else in the country. And boys in particular over girls. Yeah. But the reality is that we don't know. Well, they also think that one of the reasons why it's boys over girls is like, in girls it's like less obvious. It's less diagnosing diagnosed. That's interesting. That's interesting. Yeah, I've seen that. I'm not sure if that's true either. Because that's the argument also. It's like, oh, autism has always been here. It's just, it just hasn't been diagnosed correctly. What That was debunked though by the, the Mind institute at uc, Davis was like, no, the bullshit, it, it was one in 150, 20 years ago. But People don't want to admit they did that to their kids.


And so they will defend it to the death. Just like people who've turned their kids. Trans don't want to admit that these are chemical castration drugs. They don't want to admit it. They don't want to admit that they possibly have contributed to mental disease, their mental health disease to, to anxiety and depression and suicide. No, no, no. Would you rather have a live boy or a dead girl? Like what Exactly, what are You call From saying? But it's a closed system. And what I mean by that is, even if I did the gimme, oh, you're right. Autism is genetic. Well, what about the rise in early onset cancer diagnosis, the rise in obesity, the steady increase of infertility year after year after year.


We went from adult onset diabetes to type two diabetes because children have type two diabetes now. Like it's come on. Yeah. How far you wanna push it. People are not stupid. They're not, you can capture them to a point. But when the evidence is overwhelming, we are sicker than ever. And the resistance is mind blowing to this guy every day. Oh, well now you know, he fired the guy that's tracking gonorrhea. I'm like, You know what I mean? Wear a fucking condom for god's sake. Like he was that worried. Hopefully that guy will get his job back, but at the end of the day, he's also tackling the grass rule and trying to get to the bottom of autism and getting poison out of baby formula and removing soda from snaps.


It's just like, where is the perspective for the general public to read through the media bullshit. Well, The problem is, it's gone tribal. Right. And when you have an us versus them thing going on, which is what we do here in this country, you know, like I keep seeing like people on online saying in these dark times Yes. Are these times so dark? Like what is happening that, you know, you know what's dark? Yeah. If you're living in Gaza, it's pretty fucking dark If you're living in Ukraine pretty dark. But like here is, have things gone dark? Like, is this totalitarian regime? I know, right? Like, okay, what's totalitarian that they're cutting fraud and waste. Like, have you paid attention to the fraud and waste? You paid attention to the fact they spent $250 million on transgender animal studies.


Right? Like, where's your fucking money going? You're not concerned with this unchecked spending that this government has been able to do for a decade upon decade. And these millions of NGOs. Do you know there's an NGO o in India for every 600 people? I just not, I I have heard it's a CIA slash I've watched that episode with my friends there, at least 10 Of them. There's 3 million NGOs in India. There's an NGO in India for every 600 people. And this is why we're $36 trillion in debt. Lemme lemme That, that, those numbers are nuts. Can I, can I read the, the, the, the opposition on this? Sure, please do. Yeah. There's children that are starving.


Joe, you've taken their food away. Well, we definitely shouldn't do that. You know what, you know, if you can prove that this Right, this is also the problem with charities is the dark truth of charities is that most charities, the money goes to bureaucracy. A huge percentage of it goes to overhead. And in fact, most charities, the vast majority of the money never gets to the charity. Homelessness in California. Yeah. 24 billion gone. Where is it? It was, yeah. Where's the money spent on? And the problem's worse. Free needles or something. Yeah, exactly. That's exactly what it was spent on. It wasn't Even, it's probably fraud and waste. It's both. And there's also, it's both in the ho Well, my friend ion noir, he brought this up and I, I was never aware of it until he said it.


He went to San Francisco and he saw the rampant, and he's a lawyer. So he went to San Francisco and he saw all this homelessness. And he's like, what is the problem? There's not enough funding. And a guy over there going, no, no, no, no, no. You don't understand. It's the opposite. There's a business now. Yeah. So these people that are working in the homeless, you know, whatever the organization, they're making quarter million dollars a year, Half a million some cases. Yeah. Yeah. I I don't know if you've seen Anna Casper talk about this, but she can elaborate on this subject matter to the point that you literally want to forcibly remove Gavin Newsom from office. It, it is staggering. And some of them half a million bucks.


Yeah. And nothing. They're doing a great job. Just imagine if they weren't there, how much homeless we'd have. We'd All be homeless. I know this is, you've seen him talk about Everyone would be homeless. So just relax. Well, you know, it, it's, it's, I just had this conversation, actually. I was talking to Corolla and he was telling me that Gavin Newsom had told him back in the day that the phase of homelessness was not addiction and mental illness. It was women and and children. And there's a loophole, a friend of mine who's a reporter with the New York Times looked into it. 'cause she's like, why didn't you push back on that? I'm like, because he's right. She goes, no, no, no, no. I looked into it and it's women and children. And then she ended up getting to the bottom of the loophole.


And the way that he was able to put forward that narrative is that homeless is a person with that, a stable address. And that's predominantly women and children. But unsheltered is what we consider homeless. The people in the streets and the tent camps. And arguably that is largely So what is, I don't understand. What's the definition? Okay, So, so Newsome was saying to Corolla, like, you're so insensitive and the, the face of Homeless did, children don't own homes. He was saying that women, like the mom that owns two jobs, that's who I'm trying to save. Like we don't need to tackle addiction and we don't need to tackle mental illness because this is a, this is about the underprivileged individual, the female, a single mom with two kids who, you know, this is the face of homelessness.


And Corolla was like, you're a sociopath. It's addicts and people with mental illness. And I ended up then in a debate with, with this journalist who's, who's lovely, named Molly. And she's like, well, the statistics say that homelessness is in fact women and children. But when I challenged her in center, San Francisco, whatever, we go back and forth and she ended up coming back to me after doing the homework. And there is a distinction between homeless and unsheltered. So homeless are people with unstable addresses, and that is women and children. So I'm like, How do why In, in a, a temporary, I I I couldn't quite extrapolate What, so is it like divorce?


I I guess it's like in temporary housing or you know, in an apartment somewhere, but unsheltered the people on the street. Oh, that you and I would go homeless. Okay. In the tent camp outside on the sidewalk. So they're playing semantics, Uns. That's what he's doing. Oh God. That's I'm trying to get at how gross. Yes. I'm sorry. Cannot stand the guy. Well, if you see these 10, I can't stand them Communities. You, you see clearly that you're dealing with drug addiction and mental illness, But don't believe what you see with your own eyes. Right. That's the game across the board. Right. Don't believe your common sense.


Don't you know, common sense. We dictate all the things we talked about. Autism is increasing. Right. And we shouldn't give sex change. We shouldn't sterilize 12 year olds. They all but don't believe any of that. Don't believe that. You know, people who are homeless need help psychologically. You need some way to treat the addiction. Obviously there are more intelligent people like Shellenberger that have a plan for this, despite the fact that he didn't get into the governor's office, which is a shame. 'cause he would've done far better than what California's dealing with now. But it's this, it's this constant game. Yeah. And a manipulation of the facts all the time. And this is where if, if I could do one thing in my job, like it's, it's teaching people how to defer back to their common sense.


It's the crazy Yeah. Common sense is not that common. Right? No, It's also people are tired because they have a poor diet and they're not eating well. And so they don't have the time to be thinking about this stuff. And they don't have the mental energy to like research these things. And they're overwhelmed with bills and debt And, you know, and, and, and maybe like relationship problems. And, you know, there's so many problems that people have already to get them to look at external issues that maybe don't affect them personally on a day-to-day basis. That's, it's very difficult to get people to focus on that. So then they vote with what they think is like their virtue. Yeah. You know, blue, no matter who vote Democrat. Right. No matter what.


Like, okay, that's not helping you. And then when you abandon it and leave, you're called a traitor. You know, you're a traitor to the party. Yeah. You, you must get that a lot. Right? Oh my God. Well, I went through all of it, but then when you finally decided it doesn't matter anymore, you become immune. So I was, I was, it's interesting, back in the day when I, you know, my friend used to refer to me in this capacity and she'd say, you know, you're like the fat person's. Jesus. This is the early two thousands. You know, you, oh, Jillian Michaels is, you know, doesn't judge. But then she's open arms and she's trying to help people. And then the very same person with the very same belief system and the very same strategies in dealing with the problem became the ultimate enemy.


Yeah. The ultimate fat shamer. The ultimate science denier. Yeah. And it just goes to show you how the narrative shift. It's tough to call me a trans phobe because I fall under that acronym umbrella. Right. Despite the fact that gay is different, very different than trans. I've never really understood the acronym either. It's a trap. It completely Yeah, but you can't say like, go ahead, I'm a homophobic. Come at me, bro. Like, you're Literally gay. Step on, you Know, married to a woman. Yeah. It's tough to, like, you can try. I haven't been hit with a racist card, although I'm waiting for it. I don't know. Maybe because my kid is Haitian. I, and she gives me a pass. I I have no idea.


But you know, you, you get certain protections simply because you're a card carrying member Yeah. Of the club. But I got hit with everything outside of that. You know, trans phobe, not ish, ish fat shamer and anti-science and ableist and privileged and all of that stuff. Yeah. But all that stuff is losing its meaning. You know, the problem is you, you keep calling people. Ra you call everyone a racist. Like it doesn't mean anymore. You're crying wolf so many times that people don't listen anymore. Like a real racist is horrific. You, you see a, you run into a real racist, like, oh my god, that's horrific. But it, you know, if you just call everyone a racist, if you go math is racist. Like, okay, math's racist, I've peanut butter and jelly sandwiches are racist.


I've seen that. Okay. Oh, I haven't seen that one. Yeah. Exercise is racist. I did see that. AltRight. Yes. Wonderful. AltRight, msn, bbc. Wonderful. AltRight. I liked that. I I like that one a lot. Yeah. I will tell you though, I don't think that it, it is losing as much power as I had hoped. And, and I reference Elon Musk and here's why it's seemingly working. I know a lot of people that think he's an antisemite. I'm like, you sure about that? But well, they think he's a Nazi. Right. More than just an antisemite. Right. Like an actual Nazi. And these are reasonable people. Yeah. And here's the irony. He's on the spectrum.


So this thing, he didn't even realize what he was doing. What he going Heart Gesture. My heart goes out to you. But Joe, what about the video, the montage of all the liberals, including a ooc doing it, engaging in the same sig Hale. Yes. Tim. Tim. That On the Tim Walsh. I love you all. Love you all. Yes. This is like a, it's like a thing that peoples have to stop doing. But That's, that's, You gotta do it like this. You gotta have two hands touch your heart and then open. I'm not doing it. I'm not, you know, when I was getting in trouble with CN during the vaccine days, the covid days, they would use a photograph of me from the UFC weigh-ins. 'cause when I go to the UFC weigh-ins, I say, welcome to the weigh-ins, everybody.


So they had this photo of me from the side with my, that's the one they used all the time. No. Okay. People Yeah. Buy that shit. And they are still buying it. And that scares me. And in a argument on Pi Morgan, this is my voice a little bit. I, I was like, well, I don't know. I don't think he's an anti-Semite. Number one, he's friends with Jews. Number two, he hires Jews. And number three, he hasn't killed any Jews. And they were like, He has a necklace around his neck that he was given to one of the mothers of the hostages. It says, bring them home. Look You, I remember him going after October 7th. Yeah. And talking about the videos that he'd seen. But the guy was like, oh, that's your benchmark. He doesn't kill Jews. And I was like, no, that's yours.


You are the one comparing him to Hitler who killed 6 million Jews. So if you're going to draw that comparison, zero 6 million. So shut the fuck up. Like, I, It's all dumb, but it's all a, it's all a trick because what they're really doing is going after him because he's trying to go after usaid. And So I, I I see that That's their slush fund. But can I tell you how many reasonable people and I, I cannot. Oh, I have friends that I have to argue about it with. Exact same. Yeah. That's when I tell you that I, I don't know that it's actually losing its power. It Is. You think it's just not losing its power with really fucking dumb people. And you're gonna have a certain percentage of really fucking dumb people and they, they're either gonna have to catch up or we're gonna have to overwhelm them with a lot of logic.


That, and that takes time. And it takes a lot of these kind of conversations. And they get out there and they get clipped. And maybe you and I said something here that will be taken outta context and used against you, which is always really fun. That's my favorite. I just take like a snippet of it. See, told you she's a this. Yes, she's a that I know. And it iss this reductionist thing where they try to define you by a, a string of words and forget about your whole life. They did that to Candace Owens. Yes. Because oh, she's this disgusting anti-Semite. So I listened to her, I listened to her answer all that stuff on her show. And then I, I listened to her debated with Rabbi Schmoley. And I thought, okay, let's see what a bitch she is.


And I listened to everything she said, and I checked it all and watched it in context. And then I actually sat with her and I, I was like, all right, I'm gonna open the door. I like Candace a lot, but Candace says a lot of wild shit. She does. It's not, not accurate. Like, do you hate, she think hates dinosaurs are fake. Do You think she I I I hear you. I get it. But I, IIII get It. That is like self-inflicted. I understand that's understands a self-inflicted wound. But do you think that I'm like, you know, are you a Holocaust ner? No, I'm not a Holocaust denier. And then still to this day, she's a Holocaust denier. Well, that's my friend Darrel Cooper who was on my podcast, you know, 'cause he said hyperbolically that Winston Churchill was one of the main villains of World War ii because he started blockades and forced Hitler into action.


And the starved, the, the German people, like, it's like what he said was really unfortunate, the way he said it, the way he said it. But he was trying to say that Winston Churchill did some things that if he hadn't done them, maybe World War II wouldn't have gone the way it went. But the problem is, when you say that, And it gets taken outta context, people say, oh, he's a holocaust denni. Yeah. And a Nazi sympathizer. Right. But then you listen to his podcast, he's got this like, I think it's like 30 hours called Fear and Loathing in New Jerusalem. And it's the most gut-wrenching tale of the per persecution of Jews in Eastern Europe. Just the beginning of it. I tell everybody, just listen to the first like 40 minutes of it.


It's so heartbreaking. Like, this is not the words of a homophobe, or excuse me, of antisemite that would would say those things. I, I haven't the Reductionist things that people love to do. But, but even still, he, he would be my argument to that. Let's say he was, if you are inclined to believe that, let's say that was his argument and that Hitler wasn't bad And it was Churchill, then you're an asshole and an idiot. Yeah. I then there's no hope for you. This this gatekeeping of information. He's neither an asshole or an idiot. And he's being called an asshole and an idiot by people who don't consume his work. Of course. I'm saying. Which is really crazy. Worst, worst case scenario.


'cause I, I see this a lot with the gatekeeping of information. And God forbid you don't fact check everybody on everything. Which has been something that, that I've gotten a bit of and like, well, you nodded your head and you said, I see your point. I'm like, well, sometimes I see their point, right? And sometimes I don't know. And I can't fact check everything and I'll, I'll talk to somebody else who has a different opinion, but people can think for themselves as well. Yeah. Like, you gotta, Well there's just a lot of bad faith actors out there and there's a lot of people that do that. This taking people outta context and trying to use this reductionist perspective and label people with these pejoratives that are inescapable. Like it's in the, the racist, homophobe, antisemite, all those, those are inescapable.


And once you get hit with those, that's your, that's your, your fucking sticker on your forehead Scarlet letter for the rest of your life. And that's what they're trying to do to you because they're trying to silence you and because they wanna win. And this is a real problem with human beings when it comes to ideas. Is that like, if I believe something and you believe something differently, I don't wanna listen to you. I want to beat you. Right. I wanna overwhelm you with talk. I wanna pierce more in you into submission. I want to yell at you. Not peers, the human, but the show. I know what you're talking about. Yeah. You want to yell at them and, and, and you wanna win, you wanna dunk on them. And this is why I don't engage with people on social media. I just think it's the worst way to communicate. And when I see people doing it, I genuinely feel bad for them.


'cause I think they're mentally ill. When people are dunking on people constantly on social media, I'm like, well that's a sign of mental illness. Like, you're, there's something wrong with it. You have a, you don't realize that yet. Like this, this shit's been around for 20 years now and you're still engaging in that kind of behavior on social media. It's stupid. It's, it gets Clicks. That's what I think think it is. I I, that's Also part of the problem is problem. I get enough attention, the Yeah, you, I get enough attention. So I don't need to like reach out and try to get more. Which is like, but by the way, that's what you're supposed to do when you get a lot of attention. You're supposed to rise above, you know, with great power, great responsibility. Responsibility. You're supposed to try to be nicer. Which is, I try, that's like one of my core tenets in life.


Be as nice as possible. And here's a shocker, I find people are nice to me, almost entirely. Like very rarely are people not nice to me. 'cause I'm nice to everybody. So if you're nice to everybody, guess what? People are nice to you. And even people I disagree with, like disagree with fundamentally. But You're listening to them though. That's exactly what you're trying to say. Like, yeah. I, one of the conversations that I've, I've referred to a couple times is the one I had with Matt Walsh. I don't know, I don't, there's no universe I'm gonna change Matt Walsh's mind about gay marriage, but at least I, I want to understand him. And I also am hoping that some people who are in the middle of this argument and could be influenced might go my way.


And there was a, I cannot remember if this was a TED talk or where this information or the story was put out in the world, but it was the story of a black man who ended up befriending a grand wizard of the clan and ended it Darryll Davis. Is that the, he's a friend of ours. He's been on the podcast a couple times. Oh my God. The story, like I I would, it, it Darryl's a musician. Oh My God. And he met And it became the guy's like God godfather, the guy's kids, Not just one. No. He's got more than a hundred of these KKK guys to give him their robes. Yeah. And, and convert and change them over by. That's what I want. Just by love. Just with love. That's what I'm hoping. Yeah. In those conversations, that's power.


Yeah. Well that's, Darryl's a really sh amazing person, a shining example of what's possible when you just show people, like, he's like, man, you're different than all the others. He's like, actually, I'm just a human. I just have more melanin in my skin. You know? And you are, unfortunately, you have been trapped by an ideology. You have othered people simply by their looks. You know? And you haven't learned this, this lesson that we were supposed to be taught by Dr. King in the 1960s, you know, judge a man by the content of the character. It must have been your show actually, where I heard it, but it meant, yeah. I, it it changed Darryl's amazing. Changed Yeah. The way that I approach 99% of my conversations, right. 'cause I thought, okay, if I listen with an intent to hear and an intent to understand, and I can expose people to the things they're uncomfortable with in a way where we find common ground.


I may not change their mind, but at least you're, in some cases you hopefully can. Yeah. And at least you're modeling. But it takes so much time. You know, it's like Indiana Jones when the guy starts throwing the, the whipper and he just pulls the gun out and just shoots him. Like, that's like, I just wanted to shut the fuck up. You know? And that's, that's what a lot of people like, especially today in this, like, everybody wants to take ozempic. You want a quick fix. You don't wanna work out for fucking six years to lose 50 pounds. No. I want to just lose 50 pounds in a month. You know, and this is the the quick fix thing of today's society. And when you're offered this pill that makes you smarter, instead of reading books like, yeah, I'll take that pill.


You know, like, this is the argument that I, I've said to people when they always talk about, you know, I, I don't have time for exercise. Like, I'm not interested in my body. Like I'm, this is stupid. It's vein, it's this and that. And I'll be like, listen. Huh? If I gave you a pill Yeah. Just give you a pill. And that pill made you fit and healthy and muscular, you wouldn't take that pill improved yourself confident. Why would you not want a body that works way better Improved your mood? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Of course you would. Your sex life would get better. Of course. All of those things, of course you take it, you just, that's a defense mechanism though. You, you know that. Right? It's a fear that they would be incapable of following through on what's required so they defend against it. It's the same shit you see with the people that are overweight and like, I don't care.


Or they make fun of their weight and like they become the funny fat guy. It's, it's a defense mechanism. Oh, I have a lot of friends like that. A lot of comedians. It's like their entire act like being fat. I know. It's A big part of it. Yeah. There was a guy, I, I went to kill Tony last night and there was a comedian that was up first and he was 412 pounds. And they, the guys were doing what they obviously do, but there was a part of my heart that was splitting of course, because I was like, deep down, this is, he's hurting deep down this fucking guy's hurting and deep down's. So funny. I know, right? That's the problem. I'm Dying. I was dying inside for him. And also, if you're 420 pounds or whatever, he is like, boy, the road to becoming healthy is hundreds of pounds away.


And that is so daunting. Especially when you, you, you have the pull of addiction. Yes. And then That's the big problem. Yeah. And then you get eat intuitively. Intuitively. Oh my God. Which is impossible by the way. Right. 'cause the food is designed to override. If I ate, Here's eat only pizza. Oh God, A french fries in there. Diet, surpris diet. It's hundred percent. Yeah. Pizza fries, fuck. And ice cream. Jesus and Coca-Cola would be my whole diet. But the Whole, the entire food system, all the ultra processed foods is designed to override your body's signaling of satiety.


It's fucking impossible. Yeah. And then you couple that with the psychological vulnerabilities. And it's a powder keg. You sound like an Afro ozempic. I, I am. That's exactly what I'm, oh my God. I'm gonna, I'm gonna get that tattoo man. Afro ozempic dragon believer. Oh, I got the sticker by the way. Semi suitcase. Fuck. Yeah. I like that. Afro sepic. It's, it's really kooky. It's, it's, it's weird. But the only way out is through conversations. The only way out is to educate people or enlighten people or expose people to other ideas. Like you're not really gonna educate them, but you'll expose them to other ideas. And I think over time the good ideas will win.


It's just, it's been so many years of bad ideas and it's so indoctrinating and it's so difficult. And then also it's your identity. Your identity is this, you know, whatever it is, whether you're Matt Walsh or whether you're a 420 pound trans person, like your identity is like embedded in whatever you think of yourself as being. And it's very difficult to take wisdom from someone that you think of as the enemy. That's So true. Hard and hard breaking that identity in particular when it works against someone. So one of the things that people can't believe in a reality they haven't experienced. That's true. And so one of the ways that I used to utilize fitness was to give them an experience that they didn't think they were capable of.


So all of a sudden you've got the funny fat guy who just ran that mile without stopping. Right. Or who just did the pushup on the hands and the feet who just did 10 pull ups in a row, even two. You know? But, but, but once they look at their achievement, it's like, holy shit. Yeah. I, I didn't know I was capable of this. And then you shatter that prison of limiting beliefs and you open up an infinity of possibility. You also have to find a tribe. You have to surround yourself with other people that are trying to prove themselves. So if other people around you're trying to improve themselves, then it will encourage you to be a part of that group. And you all do it together completely. And then help each other if you fall off the wagon and pick each other up and like reinforce positive behavior.


You see all of that with, you know, back in the day, I, I used to get so caught up in the fights about diets and fat diets and fat workouts. And as I've matured or like to think that I have matured, I don't even engage in that shit anymore. It really doesn't matter what workout you're doing, if you're doing it with a qualified professional or if, if it's pro, if people are showing up for CrossFit because they love CrossFit and they love the community, great. If they're showing up for Pilates because they love the community and they're showing up for it, great. As long as they're showing up for something Right. And the person teaching them like a great CrossFit coach matters, you know, that that's a big difference between you herniating three discs and getting into the best shape of your life.


So I would simply say, right, look for qualified experts. Yeah, That's a good point. You know, I'm, I'm, I'm beyond the, what's the best diet and what's the best, who gives a fuck? As long as you're, as you're, if you're in a positive environment that's getting you to show up for it day after day after day. Right. Something's better than nothing. Doesn't Matter. And you're focusing on improving. Yes. Yeah. And that, that comes with community for sure. You're Absolutely right. That's what people love about CrossFit is the whole community of people. Absolutely. You go there, you're all working out together. Absolutely. I used to love that about yoga class. Yes. You go to a bunch of people, I knew them all. Like, Hey, what's up? You know, you know, but you don't talk until after it's over. It's like one of those things, like you, they really discouraged talking before, but like, you're all sweating together.


Like you're going through it together. You, there's no other way. You know? And then you get out the other end, you're like, wow, I wouldn't have done that by myself. I would've quit at like 40 minutes, but I did the whole 90 minutes and now I feel better. And then the rest of the day is easy. That's Why I think community is such an integral part of treating addiction because you, you have that supportive group to keep you accountable, to show up, to feel like you're a part of something. And it, we've seen it work for you and work against you. Yeah. I, it's like, again, it That it's also an integral part for an evil army, unfortunately. I know. You have to believe that you have toes. Ask killes, heretics beginning, You know, how do we, how do we tip things over to the right side of, you have to Make your side be more attractive.


You have to make your side kinder and, and, and more empathetic and also more admirable, You know? Yes, you're right. That's, the rewards have to be there. And admirable is one. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You have to like, wish you had those characteristics and go, why don't I, well maybe I can, you know, and just also realize you, you're not who you used to be. Okay. If you were a a, a fat alcoholic, gambling addict, you don't have to stay that way forever. You just, you don't have to. You're not that you're a human being. You are trapped with behavior and ideas that were not self-serving. They're not good for people around you. You probably stole things to feed your addictions. Yeah.


And you feel you have terrible self-worth and terrible self-image. But that's not you. That's who you have been. You are who you are right now. So if you choose right now to be positive from here on out and you're gonna have some mistakes and fuck up along the way, but find a group. This is why Alcoholics Anonymous is so important. Yeah. You get around these people and you all agree. They're all like, and you, you have sponsors and you help each other. Like, this is the whole idea of community. We are not solitary individuals. We're just not. We, we are a, a collective organism experiencing itself in individual ways. I agree with you.


I I do. I just, I want, I sometimes see evil winning out more often than not. Well because that's what's in the news and that's also what's in your algorithm, you know? And that's why you have to stay off social media. You're, Yeah. I feel so much better. I've been off social media like almost entirely for like a, a few Wow. Like really weaned off about two weeks ago. I really followed my wife's footsteps. 'cause like she just got off and she's like, I feel so much better. I'm like, damn, that's crazy. And so I'm like, lemme try it. And so I tried it for a day. I was like, why did I feel so much better after this day? And then I tried a couple days and then I'm like, oh, it's real.


Like there's, you know, sugar Sean O'Malley, UFC Champion, he said, he goes, I get a low level anxiety when I'm scrolling through social media. I'm like, right, what is that? Like, what is that? But that shit's real. It's also you realize like you're just distracting yourself with this stupidity that's for, but when you don't freaking sure. But when you don't do that, yes. Your mind feels better. It really does feel better. So I will occasionally, like if I'm on the toilet, I'll like scroll through Twitter, find out what is everybody mad at, and then I'll put it away, you know, and then sometimes I'll go days without looking at it at all. And then sometimes like, hey, like I got a, a text the other day. Like, Hey man, are you okay? I'm like, well what?


And they're like, oh, people are mad at you on Twitter. I'm like, okay, that's not the real world bro. I don't even know what they're mad at. Like, no, no, don't reach, like a friend of mine sent me something that people are, I go, don't send me that shit. I'm not looking at it. I don't care. Aren't you immune to that by now though? Like, you have been forged in fire for fuck's sake. What are they gonna say to you at this point that you're even gonna care about? Well, the thing is, it's not me, it's them. They think that I'm upset at this thing. Oh. 'cause they would be upset at this thing. Oh. 'cause they don't get attacked. Right. Okay. So like, my sister used to send me things like that. I'm like, don't send me that shit. You know, like, I don't care. Like, you know, I know my wife used to do that for a little while. 'cause she would worry and want me to kind of like temper my behavior.


Right. My business partner would do the same thing. Like, oh, I really, you know? Yeah. 'cause you just stay in the, could you stay in the pocket here on the fitness stuff. But I found that the more I would lean into that, it didn't matter how many attacks would come my way because you would resonate with the people that got it. And that ended up working better for me personally and professionally. But you're right, it is, it is their concern of how they would feel. Yeah. If people called them those things or came for them with the pitchforks and the torches. And by the way, the worst thing you can do is fight back. Which is really crazy. The worst thing you can do is like, interact with people that are attacked Of course. Which is really kind of, but that's everyone's instinct.


Everyone's instinct is to go, well, I'll tell you what I think now. You get caught up in it. Yeah. You get Caught up in it. It's ridiculous. The only time I find myself doing that these days, and I'm going to stop it, is when my son will challenge me on something. And then my mother was like, we're debating something. She's like, honey, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're li you're litigating this with a 13-year-old. And I was like, yeah, okay. And I, And you know why? Because I still care what my kids think about me. Sure. And instead of, you know, but the rest of the world, I don't give a fuck. Yeah. Don't give a fuck. Well, you do, but also you can't control what people think. Right. Exactly. The only thing You can do is be undeniable.


That's so well said. Yeah. That is so well said. That's all you have. And so what happens with haters is they challenge you to become more undeniable. And so that's good. That's what their job is. They, they make you steal manual arguments. All the losers of the world, they challenge you to become a bigger winner. They really do. Yeah. I have learned how, especially in the health space, when I would be active in a conversation about fitness or nutrition or what have you, you learn how to bulletproof yourself in that conversation. Right. Because people, you leave an opening Fight so hard Oh man. To keep their bad habits. God, It it is insane. Yeah. And there's also so much infighting in every industry, which, which bombs me out.


And that's when I, I just was like, What am I doing? That's an attention thing. Right. It, they're upset that you're getting the attention that think they deserve. Like, she doesn't even know what the fuck she's talking about. Like, But you know what's, you See a lot of that in the health space. You do. And I hate it. And it's, it's super disappointing because we can share ideas and we can as, as you said, admit when we're wrong and, and learn and grow and, and what have you. But the real enemy is not another frigging doctor or another PhD with a different opinion. Right. You know, we've seen who the real enemy is. Yeah. And it's, it's big pharma. When it's got bad intentions or big food with bad intentions or big AG, it's not gonna be like the guy who has a different opinion on cholesterol for fuck Sake.


Well it's, it's not even the, it's just that that guy with a different opinion on cholesterol is getting a lot of attention. Yeah. And then these people are comparing them. They're comparing themself to that person. Why don't I get the certain attention completely? And the way to get the attention is to dunk on that person to say awful things. Yeah. But then people dunk on you and then now your now your life is conflict. Okay. Good job. When they, when they do, I, I like to sit down and see if there's truth there, like you said. Yeah. You know, I, I've, I've not been immune to some of Lane Norton's assaults and You know what I, we sat down and, and I was like, listen, lane, the things you're going after me on are not from me. It's from this PhD that PhD, this PhD in the American Medical Association and had him on my podcast.


And by the time we were done, he won me over. I I was like, I I, I believe you, I think you're right. I'm changing my position on this, you know, but sometimes you're right. It's, it's because someone is getting attention or there's envy there. And I would simply say you can intuit when a criticism might be legitimate. And when you're seeing it over and over and over again and it's a similar thing, there's something to look at there. But outside of that, when you know it's bullshit. Well, there's also the problem with bots. Oh yeah. So, oh my God, the vast majority of Twitter might be bots. Yeah. You know, an FBI analyst that used to, he, he used to analyze big data sets.


He said he looked at Twitter and he said it, it might be about 80% bots. Kara Swisher said that to me. Yeah. I was blown away. You know, crazy. That is, she was, she was, I mean, and she would know and she was showing me stuff these bought farms and shit all along the wall. It's, yeah. And then you're just engaging with, And they, they shape narratives and It's crazy Rogue states and different people use it. And I'm I'm sure like there's publicity firms that use it. I'm sure. I mean, I don't know. I don't either, but without Question. But you could use it with ai, you know, you could, you could easily have one computer that would run many, many accounts And you could program it to have variations on a theme.


But you see it sometimes when like there's a lot of social media influencers that get co-opted and one of the things that you see is a very similar message. You know, and they use very similar phrasing, you know, sharp as Attack was one of 'em. And you, you saw that over and over again with Biden. Like Sharp as attack, sharp as Attack. Oh yeah. Oh my gosh. So they were getting influenced. Yes. And they were getting paid. Yes. You know, who, did you ever see that? I'm sure of course you would have. But I remember when I was talking to Senator Johnson and he was exposing me to the Trusted News initiative. And this is the whole, the news gathers that have the exact same script and say the exact same thing. So Well, And it, it it, but in freaking in broad daylight.


Yep. There's guys, like, we have clips of all of you. Same exact same thing, Same exact, same thing. It's so clear. It's a narrative. And when he told me he was, God, this was, this blew my mind. He went pre Covid to, he was talking about this event at the Milken Institute where Fauci and I, oh my God, I'm gonna screw this up. But I think it's the sky. Rick Bright, forgive me 'cause this may be wrong, but the, this group of people definitely Fauci, we're talking about what it would take to get a global vaccine program. FCI says, probably gonna take a pandemic and this is like five months before. Yeah. Covid, not that, you know, just to put my tin hat on and roll myself in tinfoil and jump all the way down the rabbit hole.


But then Veil Haynes said, well, what are we gonna do about misinformation at this event that she'd put on shortly after that? And he said, that's where they came up with the trusted news initiative. Right. In time. Well, not only that For Covid, they came up with a new term and that term is malformation. Ah, do You know what mal information is? I malformation is true information. Oh, that might do harm. Did Not Know this. So there's stop misinformation. Okay. Disinformation. Got it. And malformation, I Have not heard that. Yeah. Mal information was something they we're trying to promote during the Biden administration is being dangerous. And it's essentially the truth. I knew the, we've got to reconsider the First Amendment.


Yeah. I've seen all those clips of that is some scary shit. It's like Senator Carey, bill Gates, Hillary Clinton, and do we criminalize people who are promoting this misinformation? But I did not hear mal Information. Did you ever see the CEO of NPR doing a Ted talk saying that sometimes the truth gets in the way of getting things done? Oh God no. But I heard, I've heard them all say that. I said it on, oh my God. It's, it's an infantilization infantilization of the public because they're too stupid to handle the truth. They're dumber than you. You, you're the purveyor of information. Right. And you need to give them the information that gets things done.


And sometimes you have to lie to them like vaccines are safe and effective. You, oh my God. What did you post? I think it was the cover of the New Yorker that said something about doing away with the First Amendment. Yeah. And I Wonderful idea. I Like, wait, what the fuck are you talking about? Well, the real number 14 by the way, or number five, he like number one. Yeah. The first amendment it that it's In the way, it's in the way That to me, when you are having this debate about Kamala versus Trump, I'm like, how do you guys have this selective outrage about what's flipping your shit?


Like I wanna due process for Kilmore Braco Garcia, who's, you know, probably beats his wife and is a suspect. I get it. I I wanted to, Seems like he's got MS 13 tattooed on his knuckles. Yeah. I mean, come on. And there was a deportation order. Just say it like, so you can, can't He got photographs that his wife puts out where she covers his knuckles in every picture. Yes. Yeah. Yes. Hilarious. I mean, So I was saying, oh my God, they deported a Marilyn man and a father. 'cause that's what I was reading in the news. Same. And then you get into it and you're like, oh wait a minute. Oh, hold on. And then you, they, they released the dash cam footage, the, the, the police footage of when they arrested him. Not dash cam, you know, whatever the cops Were I know what you're talking about.


Yeah. I thought the exact same thing. Okay. It's crazy, but it's just like, you can't, you can't just go on narratives. 'cause these narratives are just designed to make the Trump administration look like monsters. I li I was giving an interview to this woman from the New York Times and she's like, but don't you see this? And I was like, I do see it and I don't understand it and I wish it would be different, but you know, but then you get into the lesser evils. I wrote her back and I was like, I don't agree with my previous position based on the current information available to me now. Yeah. It seems like he was a gang member. He, but then there was that gay hairdresser that like, seems like he just got roped up. That ones tough. I know. And, and what I have learned so far, 'cause I've really been trying to get to the bottom of that one.


'cause I don't understand why the left isn't leaning on that one. Right. The other guy, like beats his wife suspected trafficker, like, you wanna be outraged. Like this guy is a gay hairdresser. I guess he committed, I was listening to Tim Poole talk about this immigration fraud. So listen that, Okay. But that doesn't, he doesn't belong in an El Salvador prison. I agree with you completely. Also, He's not from El Salvador, which is really crazy Now. Okay, hold on. Here would be the argument there, I I think if I'm understanding it correctly, is that if somebody can be deported, but there are withheld because of asylum, correct me if I'm wrong here, because they worry going back to their home country is dangerous or deadly.


Like Right. Kilah Abrego Garcia. Right. Because he's not a gang member but he's afraid of being killed by other gangs that aren't MS 13, you caught that one. Right? Oh boy. So it's like, I can't go home because the other gangs will kill me, but I'm not a gang member. Nevertheless, you, there's a deportation order on him. So I believe that they can just send him to a third country. And that's not illegal. That's something I heard. Okay. But so I just violating The kid shouldn't go to it. You're right. Should not A fraud. When you're a gay hairdresser, you don't throw him in a fucking concentration. Again, You could not be more right about that. But tell me then why is the left not hanging there? Fri I know. Why, why is he not the poster child? That guy? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. That's his knuckles.


Yeah. Yeah. Look, people don't agree that that's what that means. Oh, dude. I've talked to the two courts. The guy who's a gang expert, Two separate courts agreed. I talked to a guy, that's what that means. I talked guy, a gang expert who explain it to me. He's like, yeah, this is how it works. There's also an informant who confirms That you, well, there's different versions of MS 13, but that's what it means. Like marijuana, smiley face. Yeah. Jesus. And, and then the skull that I don't, I just, I've just think what I'm looked online. See, people don't, this the poster Child. Okay. You can look online. That's, but I mean, I, I talked to a gang expert that told me that it was explaining to me, oh, wow. And there's a bunch of different versions of gang tattoos. There's Two court that determined he was an MS 13 gang member.


The cops had an informant that, that was an extremely reliable source that said he is MS 13. The guy, the wife was like, he beats me and then withdrew, I guess, but had filed a report And it had a protection order in 2021. Yes. The, the cops, the cops pulled the guy over with eight guys in the car going like from Texas to Maryland, I think, or Fromt Maryland to Texas. No luggage, no tools, and suspected him of trafficking. I mean, and again, I will simply say, if you didn't apply for a assault, why Are they hanging their hat on this one and not the gay hairdresser? I'm asking you that. Would That be what is the latest of the gay, Your sacrificial lamb? Yeah. Because I heard Glenn Greenwald talk about the gay hairdresser, and that one seems the most compelling.


I agree completely, But there's no logic in this world anymore. I It's All kooky. Like whatever to gets traction, you know? But maybe it's 'cause he is got kids. Oh, it's a father, Marilyn father. You know, like, that's what it is. Like I keep saying wrongly deported Marilyn father. Like, what, what? Wrongly, why? Tell me why. What's wrong about it? He had a deportation order. Right? A hundred percent. And then said, I am worried that the other gangs will kill me. And so that's when they withheld the deportation order. Oh, yeah. But he can be deported to another country. Yeah. Legally. That's the part that if he's not a gang member, why is he worried about being killed by other gangs?


I mean, just, yeah. Like go, this is the common sense Pete piece that we just, the whole thing. I, I would hang my hat on the, on the gay hairdresser guy. Yeah. It's kooky. I agree with you. I I don't Know. It, it's also like imagine, you know, inheriting this problem, like you've had open borders for four years. Yeah. And they've let thousands and thousands of potential criminals in here, if not millions, they've let, millions of people who knows how many of these people are suspected terrorists. It's not just one, it's not zero. Okay. So what's the number? I don't know how many of 'em are gang members. Is it zero? No, it's not zero. So there's, they let in gang members. Okay. How many of 'em are in the cartel?


It's not zero. Okay. Well, what the fuck do you do? What do you do if you want to clean up this mess that has been en mass for four years Exactly. Flooded open borders. Not just open borders, but like busing them in. I know. Flying them in, giving them debit cards, giving them phones. Oh my god. Interest free loans in California. Yeah. Loopholes that Gavin Newsom has creed free give, give them healthcare. Billions of dollars in healthcare. My frigging 30 5-year-old brother can't get a home loan and can't get healthcare. But his tax dollar, like this Is, he needs to change his name in Mexico and walk across the border Guy. I, I told him a couple of times, I was like, Greg, you know, burn the passport, babe.


This'll work. You know, it's nuts. He's half lain. He's my half brother. He could get away with it. He looks the part. It is, it is bananas. And I can, But it's all a political ploy. And the idea they're not doing it to get votes is crazy. 'cause that's what they're doing there. There's a reason why the, a vast majority of them get moved to swing states. Like they're doing it on purpose. I, Okay. And Elon has been talking about this, And it is one of the o other reasons why they call him a Nazi. I've, I've had this conversation with intelligent people and they're like, well, there's no evidence that they're voting. Okay. But, but here, if we were to game this all the way out in, in, in, yeah. The, if I was to hit Elon's points that I believe I understand. First of all, I think they can vote in some states and local elections.


Yes. And Karen Bass in New York, Karen Bass becomes Gavin Newsom becomes, God forbid, the president of the United States. So there's a reason we've got this whole grassroots thing going on. I would imagine. And then I'm told that when they sign up for benefits, they potentially can sign them up to reach out to them to vogue. That could be conspiracy theory though. Very much so. I'm talking outta my ass. I don't know. Right. But it's not a conspiracy that they're giving them social security numbers. Exactly. Oh, did not Know that. Yeah. Because if you, I know that there's a woman who was explaining when she was working for the social security office, what they would, would have her do so with, they would have them get permanent disability.


And the way they get permanent disability is just to have to say you have a back problem. So if you have a back problem, then you have permanent disability. And if you get permanent disability, then they start labeling them as a client. Oh. If you label them as a client, then they get money forever. Oh. And so if then you have people like Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi and all these people saying, we need to give these people a road to citizenship. Okay, well then you potentially have millions and millions of people. Now if the Democrats are in charge, they can change the rules and make it so that these people have a road to citizenship. Then they can vote on elections. So now you've imported millions of people that are gonna vote for sure. For the people who gave him the money, not for the people who hired Tom Holman to kick everybody out.


Right. Here's another question. Why are you not requiring identification to Vote? Because it's racist. Oh, can you Question? Well, not only are you not requiring it in California, you're not allowed to show it. It is illegal to show your identification when you vote. That's Just, there's only one reason why you would do that is because you want fraud. It What, what, what would be exactly. When I ask people who are on the other side, I'm like, it gain the sound for me. Steal man this argument. What is the logic? You see Kathy Ho's logic about that? No. A lot of these black kids, they don't even know what a computer is. Oh, I have seen the, oh my God. And I saw the black guy making fun of her. Yes. There's like running around the computer like, what is this? My God. Which is the most racist Thing that you could, most racist thing Possibly say.


By the way, every fucking kid has a computer. They all have phones. Did you see that Video? I think it came out pr you, where they were saying like, well, you know black people, don't they? I it was the, like, they don't have access to ID and they can't figure out Same thing. Yeah. Figure out. It's the most so racist, disgustingly racist Thing. Racist, crazy. You tell me that. You can say, what about poor white people that live in West Virginia? It's so gross. Dirt poor, You know, Staggeringly gross. It's Crazy. It's, I, okay, how about this one? I've also been told that the more people you have in a census, it doesn't matter if they're legal citizens to get more representation. Yeah. You get more seeds. Well then effectively you can make a president and a lame duck if you've got Right. Exactly. And that's why California's losing seats because people are escaping.


Escaping is a, that is what it's perfect word. It's escaping. I go on record as saying I am prole immigration. Well, I'm the grandchild of immigrants course. My whole family came from Italy and Ireland. Unless you're a Native American and you, when, when you appreciate the ways in which legal immigration enriches a community, stimulates the economy, and you can control the flow. And as gad sad likes to explain, you know, they support their host community Yes. When they're brought in legally. Yeah. But when it's illegal, it overwhelms the infrastructure. You bring in criminals, you don't know who's here. Suicidal empathy. Brilliant.


Yeah. What it's, he's such Such a genius. What's He's an ap Thanks to you. I, I know of him. Dad's the best for many years now. And I, I mean, he's an absolute genius. Yeah. He articulates it like no one else. And he's, you know, seeing the rise of antisemitism in, in Montreal right now in at a staggering rate. I, I have to admit that I, he Was a guy. I esca escaped Ladon for the same reasons, you Know, when he was a child. I do tend to lean d Dave Smith. I, after, after the show you did the other day, I, I reached out to him and I was like, all right, I gotta tell you, I've always leaned more pro-Israel. And you, I was, you, you opened my mind to a few things, and I Don't become a monster to fight Monsters. Oh, whoa. That's What it's I'll be.


But that's the thing. It's like the what, what the, the horrors the you're you're seeing in Gaza, it's like, okay, you're, you're fighting Hamas. Hamas are monstrous. That's right. Yeah. But Like, you didn't let aid into the country. Yeah. Even worse. Didn't, I didn't even even know that to Killed aid workers. Yeah. See, Yeah. It gets scary. That's when I, it Gets really scary when, you know, you believe that someone's helping the enemy so they become the enemy. And, And it's not that you don't like Jews that like, you know, I'll, I'll preface by saying my grandmother ran from the frigging Nazis, and according to my 23 and me 30 something percent Jewish, however, it, it, it's, it, I don't necessarily like Netanyahu and I don't agree with a lot of the ways he's handled it, but it doesn't mean I don't understand what happened.


I'm not appalled. I'm not disgusted. I, I, I, I'm, I personally think that kid Mahmud, Khalil should get the fuck out of here. Personally. I'm sorry. Like I, I, the kid, I, I could get into that one too. Like, I, I see all of that and I, I lean more towards the Israel. Well, I completely understand how they could look at things the way they are. They're surrounded. Yes. They're surrounded by Arab states. Yeah. And you know, I mean, if you have been attacked relentlessly since the beginning of, you know, whatever, 1948 or if It's in the charter, you know, kill all Jews. I mean, that's, you know, that's not good. That's not good. I know. You know, So then you see like trans people from Palestine, like, hey, like, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.


Do you fucking know what they would do to you? Like, oh my God. Yeah. Oh, I Haven't been there by idea. Geez. It's, it's complicated. Right? The world is a very complicated thing, and it's A nuanced conversation as well. I gotta tell you, I was riveted by that debate, and both of them made excellent points. I learned a ton. And it changed my mind on some things. Like, I, I frigging loved it. I thought they both, I'm sorry. At the end of the day, I thought they both made great points. I really did. Yeah, For sure. I just wish that Douglas didn't misrepresent certain people. I understand that. Like Darryl, Like the Darrel gentleman, I Know. Well, darl thinks Crazy. I didn't, I actually never saw that show with him.


So I wasn't able to fully comprehend the accusations and simply thought like, you can't gatekeep information. And people are, if somebody's going to believe that, if this was in fact the truth, right? And he was this guy that was saying Hitler was innocent and, or not innocent, but the lesser evil with regard to Churchill versus Hitler. He definitely wasn't saying that. But what he was really saying, that apparently historians also agree with it, that Hitler kind of hid his antisemitism early on, and that early on during his rise, he would keep it confined. Like the really rampant antisemitism. You keep it confined to these like smaller meetings. I didn't know that. Yeah. It's like, he's Like, he's Jewish, isn't he?


He's trying, he was a Jew, wasn't he? Think he, I think Hitler was a Jew. What? Jamie, will you check that Hitler was a Jew? Hold on. I think so. I think he had some Jewish blood. Check it real quick. Will you? I remember hearing some, that sounds crazy. I remember hearing some, it Was also he believe in the alien, alien race with blond hair, blue eye. Hey bro, that's not you. That's Not it. Hold on. I feel like there was some, hold on. Oh, is it bullshit? No, he was not Jewish. Oh, okay. While rumors and conspiracy theories have circulated suggesting a Jewish grandfather, Jewish ancestry, these claims are not supported by any historical evidence. True. And are widely dismissed by Historic. Oh, Jesus. All right. I should The bet on that one. I shit the bet on that one. It's really fascinating because he is the, one of the worst figures in history.


Like the, everybody other than really complete psychopaths agree with that. Right? That's what I'm one of the worst, worst figures in human history. If you can't disseminate that bit of information, because Pat, let's say again, hypothetically this gentleman Darrell was trying to make that point, then you're an idiot. I know. Like, if you can't determine are, you know, there are skinheads and KKK that are gonna tell you the same thing. If you can't determine that that person's fucked up, you're an idiot. Yeah. I, that's that's not really the argument though. It's like no one's really saying that. No, I know. Than I'm trying to complete psychopaths. I'm suggesting that if the worst case scenario was that.


But I, I appreciate what you're saying. That wasn't his point. And you know, I haven't done any, I have not done any homework on it. He tries to look at things from everybody's view. He tries like, imagine you are this person. Imagine you are a, a German citizen and you've just gotten through World War I and the whole world hates you. Like imagine this. And then the drug thing is a big part of World War ii. It's a giant part of it. Like the fucking whole army was on meth. That is so crazy. It is so fucking crazy. Really? You should read Blist. It's really fascinating because they had like a prescrip, like a over the counter meth that you could buy.


What was it called? Prite? Yes. Oh, the candy thing. What is it called? Pervitin. Pervitin. Pervitin. Yes. I remember seeing that on your show was everywhere. Show Everywhere. It was nuts. And it was like a little candy tin. Yeah. They were all eating meth. That's super productive. That's right. That's why they have such great engineers. They're like, ah, they're fucking dialed in. You know, This is true. I I know this is, you make, yeah. Okay. It's, oh god damn, I, oh, that's bright. I took I a lot of dark spots here. I, I apologize. There's a lot of darkness in human history. A lot of it, a lot of evil, a lot of horrible consequences and a lot of lessons that we really learned, but then unlearn.


And that's what people are terrified of with this like Hitler apologist perspective. Like, don't unlearn this one huge fucking lesson that, you know, look, a, a guy like Hitler can exist. They can rise to power and become monsters and destroy countless lives. Like it, it's impossible to really quantify the amount of damage that guy did. Don't unlearn that. And I get that. I get that. But don't also label someone as someone who didn't learn that when they did. They're, they're talking about it openly discussing. I mean, Darrell talks about what a fucking psychotic drug, adult monster Hitler was all the time.


Like it's a part of his stuff, but you would have to actually consume his work. And Douglas admittedly never listened to him. That's interest. He was just taking this narrative, this this like very reductionist narrative that's very incorrect. And just saying it over and over again and saying it on Bill Maher to applause breaks. I know, but it's not what he's saying. I saw that it's stupid. I did see that. I was kind of disappointed By It's okay, you know, but, but you'll, I was Like, was like, oh no, It's, it's not, you know, not correct. It's disappointing. I I, I hear you. Do you find that you fall victim to that sometimes I see myself do it on occasion where you hear a narrative. Oh yeah. And I don't dig deeper on it. And it, I've been guilty of it a couple of times.


I Apologized to Bobby Kennedy when he came here because I said I believed everything about you. Yeah. Before I read your book, I thought you were this kook who doesn't believe in vaccines. And he's a anti-science guy and a conspiracy theorist. And then I read the Real Anthony Fauci. I was like, oh, that's Bananas. That book's fucking nuts. It is. And by the way, again, said it before, say it again. He would be sued if it wasn't true. And it is true. Yep. And what he did during the, just what he did during the AIDS crisis, and I know that they, they gave him a blanket pardon? From everything from 2014. Weird. Where did they choose that date? Where did they choose that date? When O Obama had decided to get rid of gain of function research and this motherfucker was like outsourcing it.


Yep. He was. Yeah. I, you know what's crazy? We're still not having that conversation. No. Not in any meaningful way. Well, at least it's in the White House now. That, and that page is very comprehensive, but it's all Go to that page again. 'cause it's kind of hilarious. Is it really? Because it trump's in the middle of it, like walking, like he's getting shit done. Oh, you seen it, seen you. I've not seen it. It's like that might be how they tricked him into putting this page out there. Well, He lifted a moratorium on it. That's the irony. I think, didn't he, Obama put a moratorium on it and I think Trump lifted the frigging moratorium. I think it happened. Oh My gosh. Yeah. Look at this is the game Stop. This is awesome. He's, I'm here to take care of business. I got a serious look on my face and I Why are they like the true origins of COVID-19? Like Covid signed it.


Oh, like, what is that? God, why is it a signature? You know what, Callie posted this and he's like, can any scientist tell me what on this page isn't true? And I kind of thought this was a joke. I thought it was, it was like, No, scroll, scroll. Like the whole thing. Oh my God. It is, it is explaining the whole thing. The virus possesses scroll up virus possesses biological characteristics that is not found in nature in, you know, wow. Italics data shows that all COVID-19 cases stem from a single in italics single introduction into humans. This runs contrary to previous pandemics. Yes. Where there were multiple spillover events. Wuhan is home to China's foremost SARS research lab, which has a history of conducting gain of function research gene altering and organism supercharging at inadequate biosafety levels.


And this is where fart Fauci, you know, they could get him on perjury because he was, you know, when he was being questioned, he, when he said famously to Rand Paul Yes. You do not know what you are talking about. Talking About. Yep. Look, it's a photo of him with his hand. Look at his fucking You for the email. Where he, his team obviously is like, yo, listen, this is, this is highly Suspect. Nearly gain a function of research. Yeah. And then after he communicated with them, they all changed their opinion. Yeah. For the sake of science and global harmony, let's not, you know, pursue this path. And then the nature study came out and that's, Yeah. So you can download the, the House of Oversight. It's crazy. That looks like a report my daughter would put together, by the way, for high school.


Yeah. It's so crazy. But what's, what's even more amazing is that each and every one of those points is exactly what Brett Weinstein laid out on your show in March of 2020. Yep. Yeah. And I remember, And he was labeled a grandma killer. I Pulled the fricking car over and started Googling shit on the side of Pacific Coast Highway. Yeah. And that was my neo moment in the Matrix. I, I, that was it. Yeah. I, I, that was, I was forever gone. Took the red pill. Well, I'm glad you took it And it was over, man. I'm glad you're on the right side. Thank you, sir. Thank you sir. Appreciate it. Thanks for being here. I really enjoyed talking to you too. It was a lot of fun. Thank you for having me. Keep fighting the good fight. I will. You too. Thank you. Alright, bye everybody.