
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. What's going on? Not much. Hello, Joe Rogan. Hello, Cameron. Deans, welcome To the podcast. Thank You. This is my first time trying one of these new energy drinks that black rifle came out. Have you tried 'em? They're good. I have. They're legit really good. Everything they do is legit. Yeah. Really good. Legit Mango. What do you think? So this is the part of the podcast where I try to talk you out of running a 250 mile race with a broken foot. You fucking maniac. We're talking about my book. This is the whole point of this was Undeniable about Well, you'll definitely be Undeniable.


You're on 250 miles with a broken foot. Yeah. It's, Why are you doing that? That seems like a, not a good idea. But what am I a doctor? Okay, so, so real talk. Let's just, we'll break it down. So if I was a professional athlete in my prime, right? Right. It would obviously make sense to say, and I need to get surgery. My foot's broke. I can't perform, whatever. But since I'm, we know how old I am, almost 60, it's just like there's no guarantees. I'm like, if I can fight this off and still whatever, still perform, then I'm gonna do that. Wow.


I don't, I can't afford to play the long game. Can I Fix your foot? It's like, I don't understand. Like, this is what I've always said with people with jujitsu injuries. 'cause I've had a bunch of surgeries. Yeah. Just fix it. Just do it. Be because a day will be, a week will be a month. It'll happen so quick before you know, it'll be six months you're back in the gym. Just do it. That's what I always tell everybody. Just fix it. Yeah. I just bite the bullet. Get the cer Like, there's certain things, like certain things I don't think you should get surgery for. 'cause there's things that you can rehabilitate. There's, and there's sort of an, there's some doctors I do, I wanna be real careful about this. 'cause a lot of doctors are very cautious about whether or not to do surgery, but there's some doctors that are just a little too excited to cut people open and stitch 'em back together again.


Well, that's how they make their money. That's How they make their money. And you know, famously I've talked about it too many times, but for people who haven't heard the story, my doctor told me, for sure you're gonna need shoulder surgery. You're gonna have to get shoulder surgery. It's just a matter of when. And if you put it off, it'll probably get worse. I have zero problem with that shoulder. Now I got stem cells in it from Roddy McGee in Vegas. You went with me to that place. Yeah. Went back in six months. He's like, the tear is completely gone. Mm. So I could have gone under the knife and maybe he would've done a great job and fix it. Apparently he did the Lakers and a bunch of pro athletes and everything like that. But they don't entertain the possibility that there's other ways to fix things.


Right. But when it comes to broken bones and torn ligaments, like if your ligaments, like I have a bunch of friends who have ACL tears complete ACL, tears no ACL and they still juujitsu. I'm like, dude, you're just grinding up your meniscus the shit that you're gonna need for the rest of your life. Yeah. And take it from me. A 57-year-old man who loves juujitsu, you can't do that. You need that stuff. Like, that stuff's gonna go away. And then it'll be bone on bone. And then you're gonna be like in agony all the time. Yeah, yeah. Theoretically. Theoretically. Just get it fixed. I always say just get it fixed. Get it fixed. You know, before you know it would be fixed. Yeah. But I keep thinking about, so if I would've done it, so I, I broke it last June, but all the things I did from last June to now I've got accomplished.


Still, still got it done. Made it happen. Yeah. It hasn't been That fun. Okay. Don't fix it ever. Just live with a broken foot forever. That's retarded. It doesn't make any Sense To make zero Sense. This is reverse psychology, isn't it? Good? Yeah. No, don't do it. Good job. Break the other one too. So it balances out. That's the problem, is that you only have one broken foot. If you just take a hammer to your, to your right foot or your left foot, then you'll have no problems. Well, we'll, we'll know. Well, you're, I'm sure you're gonna get through it. I'm positive you're gonna get through it, but it's just like, why are you doing that to yourself? Next Monday at 5:00 AM 250 miles. Which one is that? What's the race called? And your mark is set. Go. Coca Donut two 50. Where is it? Is it Elevation?


It's Arizona. So it goes from, I think Black Canyon City to Flagstaff. Is it flat the whole way or is it No, 40,000 I think. Oh, 40,000 feet. Oh, nothing. Or Maybe 30,000. I don't know. Lot of, lot of, lot of climbing. Just a Tiny amount. Oh look, fucking mountains. No, there's lots of mountains. Is that the co Yeah, it's right there. Coca Donut two 50, bro. That's so ridiculous. Yeah, It looks beautiful Though. That's so ridiculous. You gotta do that with a broken foot. Yeah. Yeah. So after you do that, here's the next logic. Well, if I could do 250 miles, I can make it through elk season and then Yeah, you're not gonna get It fixed. I just, I just did it with a broken foot and oak season. I know, that's what I'm saying. You're not gonna fix it. Good to go.


You're not gonna fix it. Ah, well, well, if I get back into corner and I can't walk, Oh boy. But then the problem is, what if you've done permanent damage? Like, didn't you say your hamstring's bothering you now because you comp Yeah. See This, this whole lake. But yeah. And you're gonna run 250 miles with a fucked up hamstring. Great idea. That's not gonna fuck it up Worse. What this we're, this is supposed to, it'll fix it. This is supposed to be a feel good discussion. I thought Friends BSing. Right. Everybody has a good time here. The most influential man in the world Time magazine should have been. No, Meghan Markle beat me. I think, God, How, how, if it's, if it's beat me most influential there, there should be no, there's no debate.


Nobody's even in the same category as you. I Don't know. I don't think about it. Try not to. It's a little complicated. I'm thinking about it Though. I really shouldn't be influential. I'm, I, I don't think hard enough about the consequences of it. Oh, you say that all the time, but man, you, you have so many good conversations and it's like, it's definitely changed. Here's what's crazy is, you know, mainstream media with all the money that the advertisers had to pay or whatever. It's like, that was, that was our thing. Now that it feels like that money's coming to the podcast realm because of you. I mean, you've shown the power of podcast, and I think all the podcast hosts are benefiting from that. What do you think? Well, I think we are all benefiting from all of our work.


I mean, I don't think it's me. I'm, you know, I just have been doing it longer than most, you know, but there's guys like Corolla and a few other guys that have been doing it longer than me. You know, it's just, podcasting is just better because there's less people involved. It's really that simple. The problem with stuff like Fox News and CNN is, there's too many people involved and too many interests. Right. You have the interest of the network, you have the interest of the sensors. You have a bunch of people that you know don't want you talking about certain things or want you talking about certain other things. Like they want you to push certain narratives. There's too many people. And so it feels curated. And so when you're listening, it doesn't resonate.


But when you're listening to two people just shoot the shit. You're like, oh, I know what that's like. Like that makes, that's like if someone came over to your house and started talking like a CNN anchor, you'd be like, what the fuck is this guy doing in my house? Get him outta here. Yeah. I can't relax. You trying to have a how he a glass Of want. How would he talk? One, we, what we've learned today is that climate change is the most important. You'd be like, oh God, get this guy outta the fucking house. Like, what are you saying? Why Douglas Murray's gonna come over to my house? It sounds like, have You ever been? Yeah. I mean, it's just, there's people that are professional talking heads. You know, like there's, there's people that are professional sportscasters, you know, they talk like a sportscaster voice. Right. Like Howard Cosell, you Know, radio, radio Dkng Voice.


Yeah. Radio dkng voice, right? Yeah, exactly. Top 40 Dkng voice is like, they're all the same coming up next. All right. You know, like that kind of weird thing that they do where you're used to it, it sounds professional, but it doesn't resonate with you. So it doesn't seem normal. When you hear people, whether it's you or me or Theo Vaughn or Andrew Schultz or whoever it is that's doing a podcast, they're just people talking normal. People talking to people. And that's what people want. And if a normal person can talk to scientists And you know, and say, what, what? How does that work? Why is it, what causes this? Like what can I do to make this happen? What's, what, what's the best way to start your day? That kind of shit.


Like, then it makes sense to the people if you're, if you hear some fucking weirdo that's talking in a way that doesn't make any sense And you know, won't bring up certain subjects and has guardrails and won't use certain language, it doesn't make sense to you. So you're not, it doesn't work as well. And also like, they don't trust those people. Like if I tell you, oh, this black rifle coffee drink is good. I'm not lying. I wouldn't lie if I was like, Evan, what the fuck is this? If I drank it? I was like, bro, we would call Evan up right now. We'd call him up on speakerphone too. Just mango tastes like ass. Yeah. You know what I mean? Probably not, but, but I'd tell him private lately.


But it's, but it wouldn't, You know what I'm saying? Right. Like, I know all their shit is great. Their coffee's great, everything's great. It's like everything, all the ads we have. Like, I had a call yesterday, one of these conference calls that I have where I gotta go. No, no, not that one. No, we can't do that. It was like different ads. Like, what is it? No, no. Like I just, something that sounds like wrong to me. Right. I'm not a bit interested. I'm not, I might be a scam. This might be horse shit. What's the studies on this? Is it real? Like what do we, nah, no, no, no. Like oh or yes. Oh yeah. I use that all the time. Let's do that. That's good. Yeah. That's solid company.


That's this. This is great.


This episode is brought to you by Squarespace. Joe Rogan dot com runs on Squarespace and if we trust it, you can be sure that it'll help you create whatever great looking website you have in mind. And it'll be quick to create too. Thanks to Squarespace AI powered design tools plus Squarespace's selling tools help you offer services, take payments and streamline bookings all in one place. Start your free trial today at Squarespace dot com. And when you're ready, go to Squarespace dot com slash rogan to save 10% on your first website or domain.


This episode is brought to you by blinds.com. Here's the deal before blinds.com. Getting custom window treatments used to mean booking an appointment, waiting around for a quote and crossing your fingers that it wouldn't cost a fortune. blinds.com absolutely disrupted the industry. These guys came in and flipped the whole custom window treatment game on its head. Wanna do it yourself? Cool. Want that full white glove treatment? They've got you. Maybe you're somewhere in the middle. Yep. Still got you covered. Shop completely online. Talk to one of their design pros for a virtual consultation. Or just get free samples and handle it your way. No matter how many window treatments you get, installation is one low cost with no hidden fees. blinds.com is covered over 25 million windows so they know what they're doing. Plus every order's backed by their 100% satisfaction guarantee. Right now, my listeners can get an exclusive 40% off your entire order. Just go to blinds.com and use the promo code Rogan 40 at checkout. Limited time offer rules and restrictions apply.


Yeah. I wonder if, I don't even know how to word it, but people are so used to like the fake stuff. Like even, even if somebody says, if you talk about being transgender and say, oh, well, you know, this boy felt like a girl. Whatever. It's like you're almost programmed to be like, oh, oh. Hmm. Okay. Yeah. You're programmed to not have an opinion about It. Yeah. And so, and that, and 'cause normally as guys work, you talk, we talk about radio dkng voice or the fake or whatever. Like that's not how people talk. But guys can be around a certain group of people and there'll be like one guy, you'd be like, that guy seemed off. Yes. What the fuck's wrong with that guy?


Right. And some guy will Infiltrate your group. That's like a subtle little thing that's not like the things we're talking about. Like the big things. Right. That's like these guys have these, this radar and you're just like, who the fuck is this guy? Right. Right, Right, right. But, and then you go to the complete other realm where it's so preposterous and we're supposed to be like, oh, okay. Yeah. Hmm. That makes sense. I Actually heard a psychologist discussing this and he said that there's an issue with talking about things publicly, especially with social media because there's so much backlash on social media whenever you hit any hot button topic. Immigration, politics, anything. That's like a real highly hotly, contended topic.


People will say things just so they don't get attacked and they, they distort their opinions based on how much they think they're going to get attacked. So all that social media stuff is super effective. People attacking people is super effective for people to, like, this is how transgender people in sports got through. The only way it got through is 'cause people were calling people bigots. Yeah. Every parent, every fucking parent who's not a complete psychopath. Yeah. Doesn't want their daughter wrestling with some boy who thinks he's a girl. Right. That's crazy. Playing rugby with some boy who thinks he's a girl That's crazy.


Have a six foot, six 50-year-old man who identifies as being 17-year-old girl. That's fucking crazy. Yeah. But you can't say that's crazy. Or your feed will be bombarded with a bunch of sociopaths attacking you. Yeah. For being transphobic. Or it'll be suppressed. Yes. Or Instagram will be like, yes. Okay. You guess what? We don't like that opinion. Nobody's gonna see it. I Think Instagram is doing less of that now. Allegedly. Supposedly. Yeah. I know X is not interested in that at all. They're not suppressing that shit at all. Yeah. You can talk all the shit you want about trans people in sports now because the reality is the general population, look, I don't care what you want to do.


If you wanna wear a dress, you wanna be called Rhonda. Go for it. Have fun. I'm, I'm a freedom person. Right. And I believe America's the land of the free and that that includes doing dumb shit that includes things that I don't agree with, but don't hurt me or anybody else. Go have fun. Right. But as soon as you start doing things like entering into women's bathrooms, entering into women's locker rooms, and all you have to do is just say, you're a guy now. We're in crazy town. Yeah. What's going on? And if I can't say we're in crazy town, the you, that's how all that stuff got through Right. Is 'cause Twitter was complete nonsense.


It was just a psyop. The whole thing was just a psyop. We all owe Elon Musk a huge debt when he bought Twitter. He changed the conversations in the country. Yeah. 'cause all of a sudden people were free Could say what you want. You were free to say whatever you wanted. Yeah. Before you couldn't say anything bad about Biden or the liberals or Covid vaccines or anything. Yeah. You would be banned. You'd be banned. Yeah. That's, you know, that Elon coming, doing what he's done has cha has definitely changed the world. Right. Without A doubt. I mean, has and how much credit does he deserve? Because he did not de have to do that.


I mean, he had more money than anybody. Why would he do, why would he put himself out there like that other than to make a positive change for humanity, essentially? Well, in talking with him, both publicly and privately, he was genuinely concerned that we were losing free speech. He was genuinely concerned that it was being hijacked. It was being hijacked under the guise of safety. Safety. Like we have to, we have to protect people. We have to protect marginalized people like marginalized male perverts who wanna wear dresses and pretend they're a girl and go into bed. Literally. Right. Literally. Right. You know, and that's, that's dangerous with that. But it's also dangerous with everything else.


It's also dangerous. Like if you're a person who's a progressive person who believes in gay rights or you know, any, anything welfare, universal basic, whatever it is. Imagine living in a world where there's no free speech, but the Republicans are in control. Or like super religious, conservative people are in control, or Muslims are in control. Let's imagine like the, the Muslim population in this country is expanding all the time. They've got Muslim run cities now. They have call to prayer in certain cities in this country. Imagine that goes everywhere. They're in control of social media and they institute Sharia law on social media and they wanna throw gay people off the roof.


Yeah. This is where it goes. Right. Like, you gotta leave people the fuck alone. You gotta let 'em say whatever they wanna say. And if you don't agree with 'em, don't follow them. Or make an argument against it. Right. It's really that simple. Yeah. Yeah. That's what America's supposed to be. And it wasn't that way for four fucking years. I know. During the Biden administration, the FBI was involved in Twitter, the, the government intelligence agencies were involved in Twitter. They were telling people to take down true information and they were getting them to do it. And they were doing it. How crazy is that? Crazy. Yeah. People should be up in arms that that took place. Like the Hunter Biden laptop thing. You should be, you should be freaking out.


How'd they get 51 former intelligent agencies to sign off agents to sign off on something they knew was a lie. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah. And he just did it right in front of our face. And no repercussions. Nothing. It's nothing. How does that, first, how does that happen? But then also how is there no repercussions? Well, What's really hilarious now is now they're all getting grilled by even like liberal media is grilling these politicians. Like, did you know Biden was out of his mind? Right? Like how did you know? Yeah. Like Elizabeth Warren was like, he was sharp as attack. Oh. He was getting up for meetings. Never seen him better. I heard that too. It was like what Joe Scarborough. Yeah. He was like, this is the best version of Biden I've ever seen.


Yes. Oh. Like You should Be Literally in jail. God, You're such a liar. Yeah. You almost like shifted the whole, imagine if Biden stayed in, they lied about that. And he is literally like a zombie for four more years. Oh. And whoever the hell was running the country for the last four years just continues to run it. And then they just tighten up even further. Could you imagine cut Down on Mark Andreessen was telling me about de Banking, which I didn't even know existed, where people that had certain political donations and political persuasions, they would take their banking away. They did no crime. They just say, you can't bank here anymore. You gotta go find another bank. And there's only like a few banks.


Yeah. They're all owned by giant mega corporations. Like, what the fuck are you doing? Well, it's no d That kind of reminds me of what happened in Canada with the truckers. Yes. I mean, they froze their Exactly. They froze their bank accounts. Yeah. Or people who donated to them. Yeah. People who donated to them got their bank account's frozen. How insane. Insane. Insane. And then the, that, that same party just won again. Good job Canada. Oh My God. If they didn't have good bear hunting, I would never be, I would never go There. I do have to say, I offered to have that Pierre guy come on the podcast. Really? He didn't do it. Wouldn't do it. Thought it was too problematic. Mm. Or whatever. Jordan told me, I forget what he said, but they, they were telling him not to do it.


Like his advisors were telling him not to do it. What? Like, Hey, hey, hey dumb Ass. If they can't talk to you and have a conversation, hold up. It's not, you're not grilling people. You're not attacking people. Of course not. This Is like a safe, you know, the friend zone type thing. It's like, no. And I heard you talk about Kamala saying, just want to get to know her. Just wanna talk to her 100%. I said, if there's certain things they didn't wanna talk about, I don't need to talk about them. Yeah. I don't care. I'm like, I could talk to you about fucking ai. You've never been the gotcha guy.


This Episode is brought to you by better Help. It's important that you take care of yourself physically and mentally. Because if you refuse to get help, you are not just hurting yourself, you're hurting the people around you. It can impact your family, friends, even your colleagues. And you know, mental health has come a long way. Despite all our progress though, there's still a stigma In a recent survey, 26% say they avoided seeking mental health support due to fear of judgment. This mental health awareness month, let's change that. I'm encouraging everyone to take care of their wellbeing. And you should too. Therapy is an excellent tool that everyone can benefit from. It teaches valuable skills from how to be more self-aware to healthier ways. You can express emotions and more if you want to be a better version of yourself. Therapy is where it starts. And better Help is a great way to get the therapy that you need. They have over 10 years of experience matching people with the right therapists. Everything is also entirely online. So it's more affordable and convenient. And if that's still not enough to convince you, maybe this will over 5 million people worldwide, use better help. So you're not alone when it comes to seeking support. We're all better with help. Visit Better help.com/jr e to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Help HE lp.com/jr.


I don't, I'm not interested in that. No. I don't wanna hurt anybody's feelings if like, if someone, if I disagree with someone, I just say I disagree with them. I'm not, I don't attack people. As I've gotten older and wiser in life, I want less conflict. I mean, sometimes you have to be able to disagree in a way that's forceful. But I don't want, I'm never insulting or attack people. Right. And especially this Pierre PVE guy. 'cause I know how to say his name. How do you say it? I have no idea. It's a weird way of saying it. Pve. I would just ask him questions like, what's wrong? What's wrong with Canada? Like, how did this happen? Why did it go this way? What can be done to reverse some of these things that have been put into place?


Like how did you feel about this? What did, what would you have done differently? Yeah. Real simple stuff. Yeah. Real simple. I don't know anything about Canada's politics. Right. You know, It'd be interesting. Yeah, I'd love to hear it. It would've been fun. Yeah. But what, but you know, people are just, and this is also why the attacking of people on social media is effective. Like the same thing that keeps people from saying things. 'cause they're worried that they're gonna be attacked. Also keeps people from talking to certain people. 'cause they're worried about being, they're being attacked. You know, they'll try to, like, this is one of the things that I felt like Douglas Murray was doing when he was on the podcast was like trying to gatekeep who I have on. Like, why would you have this person on?


Why would you like, he never even listened to that guy Darryl Cooper's podcast. Like I would tell everybody, forget about the politics stuff. Listen to his stuff on Guyana, listen to his stuff on Jim Jones. The Jim Jones series. And this isn't Hours. Fucking incredible. Doesn't he do like hours long discussions? Yeah. Fear and loathing in new Jerusalem is something like 30 hours long, insane stuff. But he's a really thoughtful person and he delves into all the areas. Let's you know, look at this from the, the perspective of the people who were in the cult. Look at it from Jim Jones's perspective. Look at it from the Nation of Guyana where he moves there with his fucking fucking cult.


And it kills everybody with Kool-Aid. I, I think it was Kool-Aid. I think it was like a bargain name. It was like some fake Kool-Aid. Yeah. We Don't have Kool-Aid to sue Us. People always say drink the Kool-Aid. But I do Google that. 'cause I'm pretty sure it wasn't really Kool-Aid. It was something else. Some cheap, too expensive to kill everybody with top shelf Kool-Aid. Yeah. It's a lot of sugar. You gotta put in Kool-Aid. By the way, remember when you used to make Kool-Aid And it was like, what was it? Like a cup of sugar? Oh Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. And then you throw those stuff in there. Burt Kreer drinks that all day long. It was like a 64 ounce jug of Kool-Aid. He was shredded. Oh he wasn't? He was more shredded than he is now. Yes. Yeah. But he's, he's real big right now.


I was just talking to him the other day. I was like, dude, you gotta do something. Maybe Flavor eight. Flavor eight. Similar. But it might've been from cheaper. Yeah. So that was from Costco. Yeah. They got in bulk Flavor eight. There it Is. Kirkland. Yeah. What does it say? Ho your aid, what does it say? Fla? What Is it? Fla. FLA. Oh, for aid. Fla. Vaid. Oh, that's an F. Make it larger. I can't, oh, it's blurry, probably. Oh, there it Go. Oh, there it goes. Yeah. Flavor aid. Okay. Fla. Vaid Aid. They killed everybody with flavor aid. Jesus. They're Mixing it up. Poison has gotta be the fucking worst way to go.


Feeling your body just getting destroyed from the inside out. Terrible for some jackass who's on meth. Oh, it's a crazy podcast. But this is my point, like what they're trying to do is keep people, keep these heterodox opinions. Keep people that are like outside of this circle of expertise from talking about things. Even if they've read, like Darryl Cooper's read like hundreds of books. The guy's like a fucking consummate reader. And you might disagree with him about something. That's fine. You, you should, that should be okay. Right. Should be okay to disagree with people about stuff. Yeah. And also what is learning? I mean, what is learning? Yeah. So you said he, he read, he did all this research.


Yeah. Douglas Murray has a problem with, I don't know who, but what is, how is that different than going to school essentially? Right. I mean, It's no different. It's no different. I mean, there are experts that stop learning the moment they get their degree. And that's real. Yeah. And it's a real problem. It's a real problem in medicine. You know, I had an argument with Brian Cowen years ago. 'cause his doctor was telling him, you don't need supplements. You just, you just need a balanced diet. That's what his doctor was saying. I go, your doctor looks like shit. Like, what are you talking your doctor's fat? He's got a big pot belly. Yeah. He's got a big dhy face. He probably can't run around the block. Shut the fuck up. Don't listen to that guy. Right. There's plenty of peer reviewed papers that talk about the efficacy of vitamins. They're super beneficial for you.


This is crazy talk. Yeah. This appeal to experts. Just 'cause you have a degree. You're not always right. No, you're wrong all the time. Yeah. That was, that was pretty disappointing because I, I thought Douglas Murray, I liked listening to him. I thought he was super smart. Obviously very, but he Articulate sound So good with that accent. Yeah. And that, but then on that one, I think I told you, I was like, or I texted you or something about, man, he seemed pompous. It's like, that seemed like that took a big for me. It was a loss for him big time. Well, he used tactics rather than facts. Mm. So the tactic was an appeal to experts like that. And it was also saying that the coverage was imbalanced.


'cause I didn't have enough people that were pro-Israel. But then I thought about it afterwards, I'm like, I know quite a few. There was Jordan Bench Pirro, there was Coleman Hughes. There's, there's been quite a few people that are pro-Israel. And not even that people are anti-Israel. They just don't want to watch people get blown apart all the time. Right. That seems pretty reasonable. But instead of debating how this is done and what is being done militarily, it all became about like, who are the experts and what are the, what are the things that should be discussed and should it be balanced? And do you have an obligation? Like, that's not what we're here for. What we're here for is to get down to business. So what he's doing is like putting you on the defensive right away.


Right outta the gate. Outta The Gate. Yeah. Which is like, I recognized it. I'm like, okay, No, you are perfect. You are perfect. The perfect purpose is to handle that. 'cause most people, when they start getting attacked, you get defensive, you attack back. Right. Yeah. It just, it just changes the whole dynamic of the conversation. But you stayed pretty neutral on that. And you know, It's a trap. Yeah. It's a trap. It's like, you know, when someone gets in your face and you start yelling in your face, like, what, okay, what are we doing? Are we fighting? Or, you know, I could like start yelling too. Yeah. And then maybe I won't, won't Be. That's usually what happens. Yeah. And then maybe I won't be paying attention to your hands. Right. You know, or your shoulder movement distracted whether or not you're gonna hit me. Yeah. It's, see, that's a tactic. That's a fighting tactic. Yeah. 100%. He had the same tactic, but not for fighting, but for conversation.


Yeah. It's, It's a tactic. You know, and then the thing of asking Dave, you've never been like to, to dismiss the, and instead of having a debate on the issues, like, and this idea of an expert like Douglas Murray. I love him dearly. I think he's a brilliant man. He's got a degree in history. Or excuse me, he's got a degree in English. Bachelor's degree. Okay. He's not an expert either. Unless we're talking about Shakespeare. Shut the fuck up. Because like, you're not an expert either. You know what I mean? Right. I don't have a degree in anything. I don't have, I have zero degrees in anything, but there's certain things that I'm an expert in. You wanna talk about martial arts? I'm a martial arts expert. Like if you disagree with, you have to be like, in order for me to have a conversation with someone where they disagree with me about Marsh, they have to be so much better.


It has to be like Gordon Ryan. Right. You know, like, but I don't disagree with Gordon on anything for him. Like's a real expert. Again, no degrees. That's a real expert. I would just ask questions like, what do you do in this situation? What's, what's the benefit of this versus that? And so you talk about it with these political issues. They're so, such a third rail. It's such a fucking dangerous subject that people have, like a group that they belong with. And then that group will support them if they go out and say these ideas. And then the other people have another group and then this person's a representative of one group and they want to duke it out with the rep. Any reasonable person would look at Gaza and go, this seems kind of excessive.


This seems kind of fucking crazy. Right. It seems kind of crazy that 70,000 people or whatever it is, are dead. Yeah. Including women and children. Like this is the only way to do it. Really. Yeah. Any reasonable person that doesn't make you antisemitic. It doesn't make you anti-Zionist, doesn't make you anything. It just like doesn't make you pro Hamas. Like no, it's, It could be pro-human. Yeah. Human beings. Yeah. I don't think humans should be murdered. Yeah. There's like, that sounds so reasonable. But the thing is like, we never got into that. Yeah. 'cause the conversation, tactically, he entered into the conversation as a, you know, 'cause he doesn't have really a defensible position. It's very hard to say this is the only way to do it. Yeah.


So what do you say? You say you need better experts. You shouldn't be talking to this person. You should be doing this, you should be doing that. It's so weird. Like, why don't you have this? You've never been there. You should go there. Like, bitch, I am not going there. What the fuck are you talking about? You're not even going to Brazil for another UFC fight. Yeah, exactly. I don't go to Canada. Like Not traveling outta the country. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, you know, it's not, not what I'm interested in doing. I don't have to Well, what's crazy is, so he had that take. But you, unless you're an expert or educated, you shouldn't have be able to share this opinion. Yeah. But he'd had the opposite take before. Oh yeah. Which is hilarious. 'cause somebody put up a video up of him arguing with him.


Completely opposite. Yeah. So that, and I'm must I, I don't, I asked you about this, not with him, but I asked you, do you think there's like government plants? 'cause it's like, if somebody, I'm not saying him, I'm just saying just in general, if somebody changes their position. So I don't know. I know it's hard to Know what it, how, who got to 'em and why did this happen? 'cause then I, I look around, we talk about the power podcast and I see these podcasts and it's just like, how did this podcast get every guest you could ever want and rise to the top in a heartbeat when we know how it normally works. It works like you decades.


Right. To get to the top. Then some people. So I'm thinking like, how did this happen? Well, some people are really good, you know, and they could be really good right outta the bat. Right off the bat. They could be, you know, better at it. And then they get a good following. And then once it gets into the top 20 or whatever, then they can get good guests. You know, because when it comes to, But That usually takes time sometimes. I mean, I don't know. I mean, I wonder what would happen if I started the podcast today. If there was all the podcasts that were out right now and I had never done a podcast and I started today and I did it exactly how I'm doing it. How long would it take before it catches on? I don't know. I don't either. I would suck though.


That would be a problem. I would suck and everybody be watching because I sucked when nobody was watching. And I got better at it. I figured out how to do it. But as far as like Douglas, I don't know if anybody got to him or whether or not the group that he associates with thinks this way. I don't necessarily put everything inside of a grand conspiracy. It might be that he has financial ties towards certain things. You know, like cer he, you know, he speaks at certain places. He sells certain books. He knows how he's selling 'em. I mean, or it might be just, that's how he thinks about things too. There's some, sometimes people always think like, oh, somebody got to him. Like maybe that's just how he thinks.


Yeah. Somebody has to think that way. Otherwise that wouldn't be an opinion that's out there in the zeitgeist. Normally people don't switch 180 degrees on things though. Especially Like that. Yeah. I mean that's true. That's True. Because, because if he's educated on things, if he's been around, if he's, you know, the smart wise person, you, you form this opinion based on that. You don't go 180 degrees the other way and change complete the complete opposite take. Right. Unless you've been influenced. It wasn't like you were just a kid and you didn't know, and now all of a sudden you're an adult. It's like, I can't believe I used to say that he was an adult the whole time. Right, Right, right, Right.


So how, I don't know. You know, it's, you definitely could get suspicious for sure. But you know, I hear I'm very suspicious, but I hear people say that about me too, which is hilarious. But I said, But that I have like CIA handlers. I know, but I've heard all that. I'm like, Decades, dude, you've been doing this. Yeah. You're the og. That's How it works. A more og. Yeah. I think for sure people do get influenced, but I think people also allow themselves to get in influenced because they have a financial interest in keeping a certain opinion. 'cause they know that the group that they belong to has that certain opinion. There's that. But the real problem with doing what he did was that it diminishes you publicly.


Like if you really want to do that kind of a debate, if you really want to use those kind of tactics rather than a discussion of the issue, like you've never been, like, that kind of stuff diminishes you publicly because everybody knows what you're doing. Yeah. Instead of just having a conversation. Does everybody though with about does every, yeah. Okay. Anybody with a, anybody with an opinion I value knows what you're doing. Right. Because if you understand conversations, you understand that's, this is not a, you're not really engaging with the ideas. You're deciding whether or not a person should have these ideas or be able to, you've never been there. Like you can't, how can you have an opinion? You know? At least you should do the courtesy. Like now, now I am virtuous.


I have been right. I put I'm elevated. I'm better than you. You are diminished. You haven't even been there. Yeah. Your opinion is basically meaningless. Yeah. You know, and then it gets to this weird place where it's like, who's allowed to talk about what you know? Yeah. That's, that's what it just, the change was so abrupt and so opposite. I was just like, 'cause you could think if somebody was, I don't. Okay, here's an example. I had somebody offer me today, not today, yesterday, if I would wear their hat, $5,000. So with The hat and a bunch of dicks on it. No, it was just a brand. But so point is there's value into doing this.


So if somebody says, well, your, your voice is this powerful or you can reach as many people or this many people listen to you. So if it's a political party or a movement and they have this guy, we'll we'll pay you this much to push this point. Mm.


UF C3 15 is almost here. We've got two title fights with Mohamed versus Della Madelena and Valentina Shevchenko and Manan Fre. And I've got just one question for you. Are your bets in, if not, look no further than Draftking Sportsbook official sports betting partner of the UFC. If you're brand new to DraftKings, here's something big new customers can bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app now and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to score $200 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks only on Draftking. Sportsbook the crown is yours. GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino in Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void and Ontario. New customers only bonus, spec expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkng dot co slash audio.


It's possible. It's also possible that he views a guy like Dave Smith as sort of a dangerous upstart. Dave Smith has incredible recall and he's very well read. I mean, he's a consummate consumer of information and he's always reading books on different wars and foreign policy. Like he's really into it. The way he explains it to me is like, because I'm always like, your recall's insane. He is like, yeah, but I could talk to you about a fight that happened 10 years ago and you'll tell me exactly how it went down. Like that's all it is. Just this is what I'm into. Right. 'cause it just like, it's not, I'm not not studying it for any other reason other than I'm fascinated by human conflicts, like global conflicts.


And so when, when a guy like that is rising, you want to try to diminish his impact if he disagrees with your perspective. Like if you see someone, but Not everybody would want to diminish that impact. Not everybody that's a certain type of person. Yeah. But he's also a certain type of person that kind of existed in both traditional media and alternative media. I mean, he always did my podcast And you know, he's written some great books. Like The Strange Death of Europe is very good and proving to be very accurate. You know, if you look at like what's happening with mass migration into Europe. Like, he was calling this a long time ago.


He was saying, look, this is, and he was being called terrible names, racist, Islamophobic, all these different things. And it turns out he was right. I mean, what there, what Conor McGregor's talking about in Ireland now, and a lot of other Irish people are talking about what people are talking about in the uk. He was right. Like you're, you're changing your culture and you're doing it. You're not get, you're, you're not having people move there that are assimilating and becoming British. You're having people that are coming there and trying to change what being British means. Right. This is all he was saying. And so I agree with him on a lot of things, but I think that's how life is. You agree with people on some things. You disagree with them on other things. Definitely. And this is supposed to be how most people view basically everything in life.


There's gonna be things that you agree with that there's a lot, I have a lot of friends that disagree with me on certain things, But that should be fine. Yeah. That should be normal. But for some people it's not. For some people it's not allowed. 'cause they, they live in this sort of debate culture And you know, and some people they do debates. One of the first things they do is they insult the people they're debating with. They're just like Yeah. Ad hominem attacks and, and again, trying to get you on the defensive. That's, it's like a tactic of when we talk about mainstream media, like those interview type shows where you only have a certain amount of time. Right. So they have to get right to it. Yeah. Whereas that's not the case with the, with the podcast Also, I value perspective, I value someone who could look at things and go, yeah.


Like clearly the devastation is horrible. Clearly. Clearly it's horrible. Clearly there's innocent people. I've seen people say, I don't wanna say who, I've seen people say there are no innocent Palestinians in Gaza. I've seen people say that. Like, that's a crazy thing to say. That's a crazy thing to say. Especially in a place that's controlled by essentially a terrorist group. Like, like that's a crazy thing to say. Like, what, what do you, what do you think Chicago would look like? How do you think people would behave if they were, if Chicago was controlled by a terrorist group, do you think people would be free to speak out against them? That's, is that the problem? Then they're not speaking out against them, so they're, they should get bombed.


That's crazy. If you have a wife and a child and you barely getting by, you barely have enough money for food. Are you really gonna be out in the streets protesting against this fucking terrorist group with machine guns and and billions of dollars they've gotten from usaid? Yeah. No you Wouldn't. Honestly not. You Wouldn't, you wouldn't be. You're not expressing yourself freely. So how do we even know what their opinions are? Yeah, no, it's, it's true. Yeah. It's just, I mean all of it just the changing landscape of media has just, you know, it just gets you thinking about like these voices And you know, and Douglas brought it up with, in that discussion was, was interesting. But all that I remember from it is like how, how much he changed his perspective, but, well, so anyway, I Think he's still a brilliant guy.


Yeah. And I would still talk to him and listen to him about a lot of things. But I think having conversations like that, communicating with people like that diminishes your appeal or diminishes whether or not it diminishes the overall impact of your mind on other people. Because I know you think goofy this way. I know you, you communicate goofy this way. And as soon as I know that I'm like, yeah, now I have to put this through this filter. Now when you say things I have to go. Yeah. But he believes a bunch of goofy shit about that. Right. Which is fine. Which is fine. I'm sure people do that with me too. It's normal.


But I think for someone who is a public intellectual, that becomes a problem. Right. When everyone who's really paying attention knows you're using tactics rather than actually just debating the issues at hand. Just talking it through. Yeah. Yeah. But it's like, the thing is like, who's talking like come on, everybody's talking bitch. The whole world's talking like let people talk. Yeah. It's crazy time for sure. But yeah. You know what else? You know what I was thinking also, I don't what you thinking I don't have, did you know I don't have a bow hunting degree? Oh, that's crazy. You should get a degree. So who's giving out degrees? I shouldn't be able to bow hunt really. Should I? A degree. Yeah. You're Allowed to bow hunt. I can without a degree. Yeah.


Because it's a caveman fucking practice. How awesome is bow honey Though? It's the best. Yeah. Best way to get food. Yeah. I love it. There's no better way to get food. Have have you been shooting much? Yeah. Shot this morning. Did you went to waste boat? Yeah. Are we gonna shoot? I don't know if I have time today. Unfortunately. 'cause we spent so much time at waste to, well, and I gotta, I gotta head home after this getting Healthy. Yeah. We were getting stem cells today and the what's the mask? The infusion, the lung stuff. Yeah, that was, well it's stem cell nebulizer basically. Yeah. So you breathe it in. So you breathe it in like vape. Yeah. You're vaping stem cells. It's Gotta be, Hey all I know and, and I said this when I was there, but I did that last time and then I ran a five mile race.


It was eight K, but my fastest five miles I've ever run at 50. Really? With a broken foot. Yeah. At 57. So it's like, I don't know what it, if it didn't hurt. Yeah, it didn't hurt me, obviously. Well they've d done so many amazing things with me then I'm, you know, when they say something is really great, you should try it. I'm like, okay. So I put the mask on and I'm sitting there with you and we're talking about Rocky Marciano. Oh Man. We were, I got into these old videos on YouTube of fighters training and I got into this one video that I sent you about Rocky Marciano and how insane his training was. And it was seven days a week.


He would spar sometimes 30, 40 rounds in a day. He would run 10 miles in the morning and then five more miles at night. And then he would swim two miles in the lake. He would swim across the lake and then back. And then he would get up in the morning and do it all over again. And he never took days off. No. And another thing he was like focused on recovery and sleep. Yep. Like he would be in bed like at nine I think I said every night. Yep. And get his sleep in. But work so hard. And why do we love stories like that? Because you know how hard it's to do. Yeah. Yeah. But it's, It's impossible. I mean it's possible, but it's impossible for most, it's like, it, it requires a mind that is just fortified through will and discipline to this strange hardness that's just different than everybody else's.


Well, But, but why would, okay, so he retired at 49 or Oh yeah. Heavyweight obvi. Everybody knows him in fighting. Maybe not everybody in the world. Obviously he died a while ago. But By the way, small heavyweight, we're talking about that too. I think in his prime he was 190 pounds or 189 pounds. Something like, something crazy. Like what did Rocky Marciano weigh while he was fighting? I think he was five 10 and he weighed like 189 pounds. Which is insane. Yeah. Like 180 8. Eight eight. That's so crazy, dude. So he weighed 12 pounds less than me. Think about that. Five, 10 and a quarter. He weighs 12, he's two inches taller than me and a little more. And then he weighs 12 pounds less.


Did he Fight, did he fight Joe Lewis and Sonny Luton? Yeah. He fought. No, no, no, no. He fought Joe Lewis when Joe Lewis was way past his prime. Okay. And, and flatlined him. It was pretty brutal. It was a scary fight. What he was That's so crazy that he was only 188 pounds and he was the heavyweight chamber. Granted this is a different world. Yeah. Different era for sure. Different era. There was no Tyson Fury and There's no Mike Tyson either. Right. Like everybody talks about but still Rocky Marciano. Rocky Marciano's. Great. Mike Tyson would've went through him like a fucking train through a flock of sheep. Yeah. It's a different world. Rocky Mar at his heaviest, he weighed 1 92. Okay. He fought seven boxers who weighed more than 200 pounds.


But people weren't that big back then. Right. Sonny Liston was Sonny Liston was big. Yeah. So he would've been 20 pounds bigger. Bigger than Rocky Marciano. Sonny Liston. Yes. But Mike Tyson wasn't that big when he was in his prime. When his prime, he was like 2 15, 2 20, you know, and five 10 or five 11 as well. He wasn't very big. And he, he was Did his, he was born in 69. Did I see that right? No, no, no. I think that's when he died. He died. Oh, he died. Okay. I was, I was gonna say, he can't be younger than us. What's going on? No, no. He was the heavyweight champion in the 1950s. Alright, nevermind. So if You can, I do feel old. It's not that old. Find Rocky Marciano KO's, Joe Lewis.


It was brutal. 'cause you know, back then when you were 38 or whatever Joe Lewis was, when they fought, you were really 38 no nutrition. Yeah. You know, also, lifetime of fighting probably needed the money, which is why he took the fight. Yeah. It's not like the Joe Lewis that knocked out Max Schmeling in the height of the war. And it was like America's hero. This is, this is Joe Lewis. When he's on this balding, he's got a big bald spot in the back of it. He's like, it's sad. Yeah. And Rocky Marciano just malls him. Just, that's what's crazy about, how did George Foreman reinvent himself when he was old? The thing is, like, one, one thing that you did see in this fight was the technical brilliance of Joe Lewis.


Especially early in the fight. Like if they had fought in their prime, I think Lewis would've fucked him up. That's my belief. He's a lot bigger. I mean, he was, he was taller and, but he also had incredible power. How old was? Well, we'll ask after watch this video. But he was doing really well for a while. But the thing about Marciano was he was not the most talented, but he did not get fucking tired. And he hit like a truck. He hit like a truck and he was just a fucking animal. He just plowed forward. He never ran outta gas. No. Like, this is not like a technically skilled no boxing match. He would just mall guys. He would just bob and weave. And this is the end of it.


At the end. Joe Lewis goes through the ropes. Yeah. It's sad man. It's sad. Yeah, It's sad. That's, that's How old was Joe Lewis when he fought Rocky Marciano? That's A sad scene. He looked pretty good though. Yeah. Up until like Rocky started catching him. Couple Left, landed hard. This Is how a lot of Rocky's fights would go. Even his last fight, which was it against, was it against Archie Moore? I think he, he got dropped in that fight and just got up and just eventually pounded him and, and beat him down and Kay. Him. Yeah. But he was just so fucking tough. Like what he would do to himself was nothing compared to whatever was gonna happen inside that ring.


Right. So that was, that was gonna be my point. So he had all the success. Retired, undefeated pretty Young too. People Knew He was 30. Was 37. 37. Okay. That's how old Peloton is right now. Yeah. Okay. That's how old Alex Pereira is right now. Right. That's crazy. So 37 back then was like, it was over. Oh yeah. So much older. But yeah. So when you look at Rocky's success, why weren't p Why even seeing that and there's fighters out there, why wouldn't they emulate his style, his training? His why? Why if you, if that's what you do and you want the same type of success, why are you letting somebody outwork you?


Yeah. It's not that simple. It's like, first of all, you're not as exposed to people like that unless you, they didn't know you train with them, they didn Yeah. Didn't know he was doing that. No YouTube videos. There's no, you might hear things. Mm. You know, but if you hear things like, I heard Rocky's trained in seven days a week, 24 hours a day. He don't sleep. He only eats raw meat. You hear stories like that and you're like, Fuck that guy. That was Mickey. That was Rocky's Train. Yeah. Well that, you know, but look, that you would hear exaggerations. Yeah. You always hear exaggerations that come outta fight gyms. But I would, I would wanna believe those if I was a fighter and be like, 'cause didn't, didn't Tyson used to say that? That's why he got up at five in the morning or four in the morning. Yes. Yes. Well, Tyson did train like that.


Yeah. You know who else trained like that forever? Marvin Haggler. Oh, I was, I thought you were gonna say Floyd, Marvin Haggler trained like a fucking warrior. Right? He used to run in, he was to train on the sand dunes in the Cape of Cape Cod in the middle of the winter. And he would just be running screaming war. Love that war. Just throwing punches. He would run in combat boots. Dude, he was an animal. I love that. He was an animal. Just Spartan. He would go to this province, town Inn, no fucking phones. He would tell his wife and family, I'm gone. I don't exist, I'm gone for two months. It would just vanish. And every day would be the same thing.


And he would spar. He would spar a lot. Haggler was sparring a hundred rounds a week. So he was sparring 20 rounds a day for five days in a row. So, And he would bring in fresh sparring partners too. Right? It's not like one guy, he's beaten up for 20 rounds. So no, he'd bring in, he would rotate five different sparring partners. So they would all come in and, and do four rounds. Didn't could be do that too, kind of Perhaps. I don't know. I mean, I don't know exact. I mean, Khabib all had unbelievably grueling training sessions And you know, that was one of the things that was so apparent, like with his, his endurance and his, his, their discipline was like second to none.


They were like, no girlfriends, no phones, no bullshit, no video games. Fuck you. We train. Yeah. And, you know, recover, train, eat, recover, train. And yeah, you want to, you want to really be a champion. This is how you have to work. And this is how Islam ache is so good. That's why Khabib is so good. Those guys are disciplined.


So this episode is brought to you by Uber Eats Summer is almost here. And You can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but You can get chicken Parmesan delivered Catamaran. That's a no lemon meringue. That's a yes. A day in the sun. No. A bottle of rum. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely help you out with that. Get almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You must be legal drinking age. Please enjoy responsibly Product availability varies by Region C App for details.


This episode is brought to you by Paleo Valley. Alright, let's talk about snacks for a second. You know how hard it is to find something that's actually good for you but doesn't taste like cardboard. That's why I'm stoked about Paleo Valley's 100% grass fed beef sticks. They're the perfect on-the-go snack. Whether you're traveling, hiking, or just slammed at work, just toss 'em in your bag and you're set. But here's the thing, not all beef sticks are created equal. A lot of big brands use nasty stuff like citric acid, lactic acid as preservatives, paleo Valley. They use old world fermentation. No chemicals, no junk. Plus it's good for your gut. They've sold over 55 million sticks. And if you don't love them, there's a 60 day money back guarantee. And right now get 20% off at paleo valley.com/rogan with the code Rogan. These are next level Paleo valley.com/rogan.


If I think about it, you know, we love stories like that. We love all the sparring, but it can't, it's not gonna lead to a long life. No, I mean, no, no, no, no, no. But is that the price to be a Rocky Marciano or a Khabib who has to retire at whatever he was, 32 or whatever. It's like, is that what it takes? It probably does to be ICO to be legends. Yeah. You give up something to get something like, I don't think give Up. You give Up. Yeah. I don't think You can be completely balanced to be and be the best ever. But you know, it depends on how you're doing it. You know, like the thing that's so brilliant about Floyd Mayweather is that if you look at his career, he might've been really hit hard four or five times.


Yeah. And his whole career, which is insanity. I mean, he really is only Right. That's Haggler. Yeah. In the Snow screaming war Dude. I, why? Why he was the best. Yeah. But so why do we love stories like this? Well, for me, when I was a kid, Haggler was the man. Yeah. You know, when I was in high school. But We still, we still love them now. Yeah. I love like that clip you sent me yesterday. Oh yeah. Or this, I love this. This clip is the same. Same web YouTube website. It's boxing Live. Is that the YouTube channel? So really good channel. But with Hagglers discipline was just, it was so admirable. Like he didn't have to go fucking Cape Cod in the middle of the winter.


Right. He did it because he wanted to be separated. He wanted to live a Spartan life. Look, he would run backwards. Yeah. Throwing punches. Yeah. And that's, I think that's either Goody or Pat. The, the Petronelli brothers were the guys who trained him. But like this is his workout. Six Mile runs Steve Hills running backwards. Breakfast, rest, watch tv, film, late lunch, boxing training, strength and conditioning dinner, watch film and sleep. Repeat, rinse. That's it. Do it again. Day after day after day. That's it. Yeah. He was, he, I Don't see too much chill out in there. And my favorite fight with him was against John the Beast. Mugabi. 'cause everybody points to the Hearns fight where he beat the shit outta Hearns and Kdo. Incredible, incredible, incredible Knockout for sure.


One of the best boxing matches. One of the best, most entertainment entertaining world championship fights of all time. But for me it was Mugabi. 'cause Mugabi was uniquely talented. You Mugabi had insane power. I remember I was at a boxing gym in Massachusetts at the time. Mugabi was about to fight Haggler when Mugabi was coming up. And they were telling me stories about Mugabi fighting guys and they never fought again. They had brain damage. Mm. You know, I don't know how, again, boxing gym talk, it's hard to know. Yeah. But I remember being a kid listening to this going, what the fuck? Like he hit that hard Mugabi was, was flat flattening people.


See if You can find John Mugabi. Who, did he K out? Did he K out? Terry Norris? No, that was later. Who did John Mugabi fight that he knocked out Best KS of John Mu, let's see, let pull up John Mugabe's record. So John Mugabi was like almost kind of, okay here. Top John Mugabi greatest knockouts. He was almost like a Francis Ano guy where it's like his power was just so crazy. You would watch him hit people and you'd go, what the fuck man? Oh, this is Julian Jackson, right? Is that who it is? No, it said Something else. Pretty sure he KO Julian Jackson. Or maybe that was Terry nor No Julian Jackson. KO Terry Norris. But you know, he just had just extraordinary power.


Are they showing the Kos here? This is just a lot of boxing. Here it is. Here he goes. Oh. Oh God. Yeah bro. Good night. 10 seconds. He just had this one punch. Never knockout power. And when he fought Hagger, man, he caught Haggler with some big shots. Yeah. And one of the more impressive things about Marvin was not just that he was such a big puncher and a great boxer, but also how durable he was because he was in such incredible shape. You know, he never went down his entire career. He has one knockdown And it was 100% bullshit. He fought this guy named Juan Rollan. And when Haggler was bending over, Juan Rodan kind of cuffed him in the back of the neck and he fell forward.


And they called it a knockdown. It was not a knockdown. And most boxing experts, I would, I would actually argue all boxing experts agree that that was not a real knockdown. So you're talking about a guy who fought? Oh, Tommy Hearns. He fought, Did you say that last one? Yeah. It was a little illegal. A little on the, yeah, on the knee. One knee down. He KS him. Yeah. But the point is Mugabi was terrifying. Yeah. And he was fucking everybody up. And Haggler broke him. But in the beginning it was rough. In the beginning it was rough. Mugabi was landing some big shots. See if you can find Mugga. Well I know it's available. Mugabi versus Haggler. It was mean too, man. Like hitting guys where they were down Down. Yeah. Dangerous, dangerous guy.


And I don't know if he fought again after Haggler Kay owed him. But he was never really, never in the conversation again. Haggler broke him. Haggler told him he was gonna retire him. He's like, I'm gonna retire him. He's never gonna box again. And he just beat him down. And I think it was the 11th round when he finally stopped him. Five eight and five nine. Yeah. One 60. You know, that's about right. You know, generally speaking for, you know, heavily muscled guys, especially back then, those guys were not cutting a lot of weight like they are today. Right. Like some of these guys today are, are cutting big weight. Oh God. Haggle looks good, doesn't it? Yeah. By the time the eighth round started happening, Hagger, one of the things about Hagger that was so good was Haggler could switch. So he could fight you South Paw and then in the middle of nowhere he would switch up and start fighting you Orthodox and was just as good.


Wow. Just as good. The only guy who's like that is Terence Crawford who's champion now. He's the only guy that I've ever seen that fights just as good from South Paw as from Orthodox. But Haggler was a rarity back then. A guy that could switch it up like that. Like nobody had ever seen that before. Yeah. But that's also why it was very difficult for him to get fights early on because nobody really wanted to fight a south paw. Like South Paws were there, were too awkward. Everything's backwards. Yeah. And if you're not used to fighting South Paws, they have an advantage. 'cause they're always fighting Orthodox people. Right. That makes sense. Yeah. And so they're accustomed to that one Look now this fight had gone back and forth and back and forth. This is the end.


This is when Haggler finally gets 'em. Boom. And that was it. And I think that was the 11th or the 12th round. I think it was the 11th round of a 12 round fight. So Haggler fought in the era where they used to have 15 round fights and they turned them into 12 rounders after Duck. K. Kim died when Ray, manini. K, duck K Kim. Yeah. It's a lot of damage. 15 rounds of head shots. Yeah, man. Well, I mean, I think that's why Rocky Marciano retired when he was 32 And you know, 49 and Oh yeah. And 32 years old. He could have kept fighting, could have kept making money. 32 is your athletic prime. That's what I'm thinking. Like, And you know, Khabib did the same thing. And when I I I just love seeing those training camp videos carrying the rocks and running the mounds.


Oh yeah. And it's just like, but you know, back to my point, why do we love that? Just because it's so primal. Yeah. Or and it's just, just men just giving everything they have. Yeah. It's, it's like it's, and it's one reason why Goggins is such a draw. Yeah. You know, for sure. You know, he's, he's sort of like that. Oh he is very much like that. But the craziest thing about Goggins is he's not even training for anything. I asked him about it. He goes, I'm downloading, downloading information. I'm like, you're downloading. What you downloading? This is so crazy. We were talking about the video that he, that style bender just put out, shout out to style bender for putting this out too. I know. Respect. We were also giving him credit Respect because, respect. Respect. Because David broke him.


The higher we go, because if They're hurting is comment, You're hurting. You are willing to go to another level. Higher. That's when you break, come off here. See it's all your word ends mind begins where Your world ends. Mind begins. And this is one of Goggins multiple workouts of the day that he took style bender through. There's Stu Bender off the Yeah. And he's, They're helping him back up. By the way, this is after they already ran. This is like the second, this is the third thing they did. They ran, then they did the Airdyne bike. And then they're doing this. So they already did sprints on the Airdyne bike.


They ran for distance. I don't know how many miles they ran, but he was exhausted after the run, then exhausted after the Airdyne. And then he does this and then they do it all over again. Yeah. They start again with the fucking Airdyne machine. They go back and forth and then it goes to sit-ups and then it goes to just like, it never ends. And this is one. And then people go, he's not doing that every day. Well fucking clearly he is every Day. Clearly he is. 'cause look at him, he's not even breathing. Heavy style Bender is dying. And David Goggins is talking to him with normal breath. At the same time, a world champion, one of the greatest middleweights of all time, can't even keep this food down. And remember this is style bender.


Who against Kevin Lum was saying, I'm prepared to die. Yeah. Going into the fifth round. Yeah. Looks across the ring cage says I'm prepared to die. Same guy. Same guy. Yeah. There's levels when it comes to endurance. Yeah. You know, now I was telling you about when we were getting our infusions, when we were vaping stem cells today, I was telling you about BJ Penn when he was in his prime. When BJ Penn was in his prime, he was training with Marv Marinovich. And Marv Marinovich had very unorthodox training methods where it was all plyometrics, explosive drills, sprints, box jumps, all this crazy stuff. And he believed, and I'm, I'm hope I'm not quoting him incorrectly, but he believed that fight training was of secondary importance when you're in camp.


And really what was important is to just have a fucking insane gas tank. Like BJ Penn knows how to fight. He's a world champion. Right. He's not gonna forget how to fight, but you could get him training this way where you have this gas tank that's just insane. And when BJ Penn was training with him, he was unstoppable, man. He was like, I always say this, like people talk about Khabib being the greatest lightweight of all time. And maybe he is, it's very possible he is. But I would put the BJ Penn that fought Joe Daddy Stevenson, the BJ Penn that fought Sean Shirk, the BJ Penn. That was like in that peak when he was training with the, I would put him against anybody.


Against anybody against Diego. When he fought Diego Sanchez, he couldn't be stopped. And if you got him to the ground, his fucking submission game was insane. It was insane off of his back. He would take your back, you're dead. He would knock you out. Standing up. His kickboxing was at elite. And He, how do you think Khabib would fight him? Take him down. For sure. He'd probably fight him the same way George St. Pierre did. You know. Yeah. But the difference in size between BJ Penn and George St. Pierre is pretty significant. Right. BJ Penn was really 155 pound guy who actually later in his career fought 1 45 when he later, you know, which was, you know, when he was kind of at the end of his career. But the, but you know, George is way bigger.


Like George was a big one. 70. Yeah. Big muscular. One 70 with great wrestling, White shoulders, Nasty ground and pound. And a black belt in jujitsu himself. And also a really good striker and just, you know, in his prime when he was so well-rounded. Yeah. And there was also accusations of greasing, you know, because, you know, George was very slippery Yeah. In that fight, which is if you are a grappler and the other person, you can't get ahold of him. Especially if you're a guy like BJ who fights so well off of his back. Yeah. BJ's legs were like arms where he could be sitting there without using his hands. He could put his feet in the lotus position. So like completely crossed and lock his legs in the lotus position without using his hands at all.


Whoa. Yeah. Crazy flexibility and dexterity. Yeah. So if you were trapped in his guard, you were fucked. Yeah. You see those guys who, they're on their, they're on their back and they get their leg up around the guy with the top position's head. Yeah. Somehow it's, you know, it's just, When you're in like Eddie bra controls of that guard, it's terrifying. Eddie Bravo has the craziest guard I've ever been in. It's so nuts. And there's a bunch of Eddie students like Jeremiah Vance who also have these like insane guards like that. There's certain guys where like if you're, if they're on their back, it's no picnic. Like Fabricio Verdu, he tapped Fedor Ilian ankle from his back. He got him in an arm bar triangle from his back. Yeah. Like, well you could tell, like if we talk about a recent fight, Chandler versus Patty Ble, Chandler didn't really wanna be on the ground with Patty.


No, no. And Chandler's a wrestler. Like he loves being on top ground, but still he had top position and was still nervous about doing stuff it seemed like, I don't know. Yes. Well Pat, It Seems like it Patty's a big lightweight. He really is. I mean, I know he gets real fat in between bites. He Did Big outta it. But he's big. Yeah. Yeah. He's, he's big, you know, he's a lot bigger than people think. I always say that. He tricks people by dancing and having silly hair. And you go, oh, that's a killer. He's like tricking you. He's like, you know, he's like one of them, them bugs that pretends its a stick when you get close And it jacks you. Yeah. Yeah. He looked, he looked one of those man mantis so good. He's really good man. Which I, you know, I am, you know Chandler, I love Chandler.


Love Chandler. That was a tough one to watch. I, I love Chandler as well, But that, that's the fight. Yeah. I love Patty as well. Patty is very impressive. Oh yeah. No, you know, there's a Good argument. I Respect all of them. That the last three guys, he fought Bobby Green Chandler and Tony Ferguson. Like he's fighting guys with losing records. Which is true. You know, that is true. But it, it's still very impressive what he did to Chandler in comparison to like what RA did. Like RA was in real trouble in the third round of their last fight. Real trouble and real trouble in the first round of their first fight. Yeah. And Patty was never in trouble. Chandler was this close to having that belt. Yes. In that first fight. This close in the first round.


This close. Yeah. And you want maybe just got coffee? Yeah, sure. Thank you. Maybe just got a little over zealous in that fight. Yeah. He was excited. I mean obviously In the second round who wouldn't be. Yeah. But also Oliver is a master. Oh yeah. It was so good. Well that his fight against the, I think Armand right. Was so, so good. Yeah. I was watching those guys fight and I'm just like, I've never seen two guys this crisp, good technical, just never out of position hardly. And Charles almost caught him twice and two very close submission attempts. Looked Like he was out at at one time. He wasn't moving. Well he got it. He was pretty locked in but he wasn't out. But it was very close.


Yeah. I mean it was very close. I think he should have won that fight, in my opinion. Those positions where Charles had where you were that close to finishing a fight count for a lot. Yeah. And I think that's part of the problem with scoring system. It's one thing if you like go for a guillotine, the guy gets out of it immediately. You're on your back and getting beat up. That submission attempt that's not that much. When a guy has a fully locked in DARS choke and you're almost out and you get saved by the bell. That should count for a lot. What's the best position for a dars? 'cause they were both kind of flat on the ground. Yeah, there's a bunch of different ways you can catch it Darce. Okay. But the way a darce works is like, say if you have an under hook, which means your left arm is wrapped around my waist.


What I want to do is shove my arm under your armpit so it pops out the side of your neck. Then I wanna wrap my bicep around like this. So I lock my arm around one side of your neck and this and then I'm squeezing. Yeah. So that's Tony Ferguson. He had a nasty, nasty Darce dar. Yeah. His Tony's Darce was elite. 'cause Tony has long, you see him catching it standing up there. Yeah. Tony has long arms and he's strong as fuck and he's got like a, a great grappling base. 'cause he started off as a wrestler. Oh, there. Yeah. See there's Charles. Is That Charles is up on top right there. Yeah. Yeah. Because that, that's what I was saying. They're kind of laying both flat.


I just didn't know what was best. Well that's not ideal. Ideal is when you get the guy on his back and then you could lock like the Dustin Poer one where Islam has him. See how dust in the, the lower right hand corner. Yeah, that's it right there. So that's him against go a little higher there. That's, that's Anto Muno. But one of the things that you see about Islam, he's a very unique way of doing the DARS is Islam grabs his own wrist like this to finish it. Yeah. Whereas other guys go all the way down to the bicep. To the bicep. And the thing about grabbing the wrist like that that's really good is you can make it a little bit tighter in a situation where you can't, like some guys they have too much bulk and maybe your arms are too short.


Yeah. You can't get the, well like having long arms is really important for a darce. Like John Jones must have a wicked darce. 'cause You can get the arms all the way through if they're long. Yeah. Then You can cinch it up. But Islam cinch it up actually by grabbing a hold of his wrist. And so it gives you extra space. And the grip that he uses is incredibly tight. He's also insanely strong. Who? Who is Islam? Islam is insanely strong. Right? Like he's got that sort of elite grappling strength that comes from decades of throwing human bodies around. Yeah. There's a thing about that. Like here his Demetrius Johnson says, I felt it.


I know. Fucking Max Holloway just texted me. How strong is that Darce? That that's a sick darce. Islam is elite. Yeah. He's elite when it comes to like strangling people. So is IA por, he's got a nasty darce too. Is he fighting? I don't know. Oh, that never got signed.


This episode is brought to you by Montana Knife Company makers of the best, most sought after knives out there. The company is founded by my friend Josh Smith. He's been making knives since he was 11 years old and became a master bladesmith at just 19, which is wild 'cause there's only about 140 to 150 master bladesmiths in the world. Plus these knives are made right here in the USA, right in Montana. And they're designed, tested, and built by hunters. Four hunters. I've been loving the Magna Cut Blackfoot 2.0 when Master Bladesmith, my friend Josh Smith, launched Montana Knife Company. He set out to create the ultimate do it all knife, small and light enough to pack on a goat hunt, durable enough to completely field dress a moose and shape to gut cape skin and de-bone with ease. He called this flagship knife the Blackfoot, And it remains his go-to blade. And I love it as well. It's truly the only hunting knife you'll ever need. Although MKC is still a young company, the demand is already crazy. Literally every time they drop a batch, they sell out in minutes. So if you want to be the first to know, sign up for SMS alerts for exclusive knife drops and their email newsletter to get notified about restocks. Or go to Montana knife company.com and see what's available. Now.


UFC three 15 is almost here. We've got two title fights with Muhammad versus Della Madelena and Valentina Chef Chenko and Manan Fre. And I've got just one question for you. Are your bets in, if not, look no further than Draftking Sportsbook official sports betting partner of the UFC? If you're brand new to DraftKings, here's something big new customers can bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app now and use the Code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to score $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on Draftking Sportsbook. The crown is yours. If you or someone you know has a GAMBLING PROBLEM, call the Virginia problem gambling helpline at 8 8 8 5 3 2 3521 and over Virginia only Eligibility restrictions apply. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkng dot co slash audio.


It's the word is. And this is only from the internet. This is not from Dana. And if he told me, he'd probably tell me not to tell anybody. So I won't tell you. But the word on the internet is that IA plans to fight in the June card, the big international fight we card at the end of June. Whether or not it's for the title, he said he is only fighting for the title. That's what he said. Unless he said Conor McGregor, he said I'd fight Conor McGregor or the title. I think he'd just fight Conor McGregor. 'cause he knows the, the numbers would be fucking insane. It would be, yeah. Millions of dollars. How? How. But it doesn't mean he's fighting is Islam. 'cause Islam might decide I'm gonna go up to one 70. Right? Yeah. Like here's what could happen.


'cause Islam's been talking about fighting one 70. If Bilal Muhammad, who's the current welterweight champion, who's gonna fight Jack Della Madelena, which is o only in like a couple of weeks, right? When is that? When is that one? Yeah, That's coming up. They Might hold that announcement until that fight. Mm. So Islam and Bal were training partners and apparently Khabib does not want Islam to fight Bilal. But if Bal loses to Jack Della Madelena, then it's a no-brainer. Why? Why do you, why doesn't he not want him to fight him next Saturday? Next Saturday? Not this, but next May 10th. Yeah. So it's real soon. So all they would have to do is hold off their announcement until May.


I see. So if Bilal wins then there's an issue. Because Khabib does not want Islam apparent. Allegedly. Apparently doesn't want 'em fighting. 'cause they're brothers, you know, they train together, they whole deal. Oh okay. Oh I see. But Islam's big, I mean he easily could be fighting at one 70. It's probably torture for him to get down to 1 55. Yeah. Whenever I interview him, I'm like, how are you 1 55? This is so crazy That that would show rough weight cuts for him. It seems like It's rough. Yeah, he's big. He's probably one 90 plus. Look at that boom. Oh yeah. Islam says, I'm gonna submit you with that. 'cause that's your, that's your thing. Islam says, or excuse me, IA says that he's gonna submit Islam. Well whatever his favorite move is.


He's like, tell me your favorite choke, tell me your favorite submission. That's what I'm gonna gonna submit you with. Yeah. You know, it's easy to say, you know, that's a, that's an elite level and a lot bigger. Yeah, I was gonna, I was gonna ask like, you know, how hard is it or who is the next star? Because you know, we kind of saw this with Rhonda when she was coming out of the women's division. It's like, who is the next star gonna be? Connor? Still people are trying to call Connor out because they know of that money that's involved with it. Who? How do we get that next superstar? Well they have to win. You know, it was shook. Hashan.


O'Malley could've had it if he beat Meab, you know, But that was a nightmare matchup. And he had a fucked up hip going into that fight, which is, it's one of those things UFC was putting on this big show at the sphere, which was insane. By the way, Nick, if they ever do one again, you gotta go. Yeah. I love To The fucking fear's crazy. Yeah, I remember watching it. It, it's so crazy. It's like a total experience in and unto itself. I need to go to a concert there. It's the most amazing venue I've ever seen in my life. And it's, there's not even a close second, like nothing's close. There's a really cool one in LA that just opened up that we did a LA card there a few months back. That was really good too. Mm.


But it's like one 10th of the sphere. The sphere's nuts. Yeah. Looks, it's so nuts. It looked insane on on TV. And the Sound. The sound. You feel it through your fucking bones. So it's Wild. That was like last May 5th, wasn't it? I believe so. Yeah. Cinco de Mayo. So for him to take that fight with a bad hip is crazy. And I know he did it because he thought he could win anyway because he's a champion. And that's how champions think. But Yeah, you have to. But with a bad hip when you're fighting a wrestler and you weren't wrestling at all in training because your hip's bad. That's crazy. That's like you got, you gotta get it fixed. Just get it fixed. Tell, tell, tell 'em it blew out and you can't walk.


Get it fixed. Yeah. You gotta think about the legacy in the future and taking a fight against a guy who's an elite grappler while you have a blown hip is kind of insane if you can't grapple. Yeah. Like it seems insane. Yeah. I mean I, but he could have won. You know, I think it's that mindset. You just have to have it kind of can get you in trouble too. And you look at how good his take down defense was against Aljamain Sterling. So Aljamain Sterling in the first round tried to take Sean down. He could not take him down. And that was a big factor. Like algae was in trouble. 'cause if you can't take him down and Sean is a fucking sniper. Yeah, he's a sniper. Yeah. He's, and he knows how to find that chin man. And he's, he's got a pull right hand that's like from the textbooks and the one he would hit algae with.


That's on, that's gonna be in that UFC when they play the Who. Yeah. You know when they play Bob O'Reilly, that'll be on that forever. Man, that is such a clean right hand. Yeah. It's such a pullback. Boom. And you and Al Al Jermaine sock coming. Oh, you can see his face. Oh yeah. He's like, oh no, what have I done? I Know. And I bet he thought he could do that to Meab too. And he might have been able to, but Moab is a different, oh, moabs a different species' of human. That's So again, same kind of guy. I know. Same kind of guy. So listen, I've had to, we've been kind of dealing with this with, with my kids and Truett and all this stuff he's been doing. But I think those, those fighters we're talking about it, it just made me think of my kids.


But when you start them at as kids, like, like the guys like Khabib, Destani guys, Rab, those guys have been training forever. Yep. Right? Yep. For sure. Forever. Yeah, for sure. That has to give you, yeah, you have to have other abilities and talents and skills and this mindset. But when you start that early, By the way, Rocky Marciano didn't start boxing until he was 23. Okay. Well there he goes. My theory And you know, he had one of his amateur fights. He was exhausted. Oh. And so he vowed to never be exhausted. To never be tired again. Yeah. He gassed out in a fight and he's like, never again.


So he just decided he was good. But it's also like he was Italian from immigrant parents who barely could speak English. Yeah. And those people who came over on the boat, they were a different species. Right. They're a different species of hard workers. Those people were tough and they demanded so much. Joey Diaz, immigrant mentality. Immigrant mentality, cocksucker. Yeah. I mean that's real Immigrant mentality is a real thing When you've come here from another country and you, you see how hard your family works and there's just like, there's no if ands or buts. I always tell this story about this guy that I used to train with that always to make me feel lazy. My friend ick, he was in his residency in medical school while he was on the US national team.


So he was a national TaeKwonDo champion while he was going through medical school. Mm. So he was going to school 12 hours a day and still training and he would put his books in his backpack and run stairs in between studying. That's how you get in shape sometimes. Yeah. And then he would come to the gym exhausted and fuck everybody up. He was amazing. And I was, I remember thinking like, I'm so lazy. Yeah. Like I thought, and I wasn't lazy, but like compared to that dude, I was lazy. Yeah. How I just, that's what fascinates me. 'cause you know, I've talked to Huberman about Courtney in regard in this regard too. It's like willpower. Yeah. Like Will, how, what gives somebody more willpower than another person?


It's hard to say because according to Goggins, he forged that. And he has more will than any human being that's ever walked the face of the planet. And he used to be a lazy fuck. He'll tell you, he'll tell you I was lazy, I was fat, I was 300 pounds. I drank milkshakes all day. Like he'll tell you. Yeah. Like, and then he decided that that's not him anymore. And then he decided it better than anybody who ever has. So it's not like he had some genetic gift of will. Yeah. That's not the case. Right. He forged It. And this, you know, Huberman talks about this, whatever that part, that Part of your brain Yeah. That you can grow. So is it that, that anybody can develop this willpower? Well I think Goggins proves that. 'cause he's, again, he's, he's the goat.


He's the goat when it comes to like Will and people don't know what Goggins was doing with Izzy. Goggins has two destroyed knees. Okay. I had dinner with him in Vegas a few weeks back and he showed me like some recent x-rays of his knees. 'cause he got some fucking new thing in his knee to like, to keep his bones from fucking smashing into each other. Some post that they put at the top of one of his knees. 'cause his cartilage is missing and his fucking meniscus is blown out. And they saw the top of his bone and shifted it down and screwed it in place. 'cause his knee was all out of alignment because he had been running bone on bone so long that his, his bones were starting to just, it's like called wolf something syndrome.


And his doctor said, I've never seen it in a human being before. Like, this is fucking insane. Like how did, how are you walking on these knees? Knees forget about running thousands of miles. Yeah. But he does it. He just does it. Right. And if that guy will tell you that he didn't have any willpower and that he was fat and lazy and then decided that he is not gonna be that anymore and then put himself through grueling strength conditioning, became a Navy seal. Yeah. And then call the police, Call The, Hey look at it. He's laughing. I love bringing man, come on in. Let's see how much of a joke this is. And guess what? I threw this alone alone. I ain't got nobody.


That's where the shit comes from. I ain't got nobody to push to this level. That's my darkness. That's why I laugh at these motherfuckers think they fucking know me. You think you know me coming to my dungeon. It is a lonely dungeon. 'cause you don't going do this shit alone every day. Train this hard by yourself. Come on man. And this is, you see me breathing heavy, but imagine the level I go to Someone called the police. Good Joke, Jamie. I mean psycho. How do you not admire that look? Oh, he is psycho. I love it. He is psycho. I love it. Yeah. I He is psycho. I said we, we joke around about, you know, 'cause he says it's so easy to be great nowadays 'cause everybody else is weak.


That's what Alkin says. Right. Interesting. And it's like when you talk about, we talk about generations and you've mentioned it a million times, good times. Create soft, all that whole thing. Yeah. But I said, well we got one, we got Truett. So we got the, we got one kid who's, who's still getting it done. So. Well your son learned from you. I mean that's a great example of, you know, he's grew up in an environment where his father was regularly running these a hundred mile races and regularly running 13 miles in the morning before work. Yeah. Like you were doing all that stuff and you were setting an example. I was gonna show you something Too. And then he sees how far it takes you in life. Yeah. You know, he, you've gotten here by just force of will.


Yeah. And when, when I, truist sent me this today, so this is this first half marathon. Can you see that? Oh wow. He's a little kid. Wow. But he still ran eight minute miles in that. That's incredible. As a little Kid. But, but anyway, that's like, that's what I was saying about when you start that early with stuff like that, you get Used to it. Yeah. Yeah. But then again, Goggins, you know Yeah. Will tell you different or Rocky Marciano will tell you different. Yeah. Like he didn't, I don't think there's a hard, fast rule. Look at that. Yeah. Look at you guys. Aw That was his first marathon there. That's So cute. Yeah. But you, there's no hard fast rules. Like Yes.


It's definitely beneficial. Well, as far as skilled development, this is what I've always said about striking in particular. There's something about learning striking while your body is maturing and you're young is way better than learning striking once you're an adult. Because You said that with your, with your kick. Yeah. Because your body was changing as you developed that kick and masturbate. Exactly. Exactly. I was kicking in all kicks. You know, it's not like that's the only one that I I'm really elite at. I I'm, you know, I learned how to kick when I was like a little gangly little kid and I learned like, and that my body grew strong. My tendons grew thro strong from hitting this 150 pound heavy bag every day.


Like as a little kid. Yeah. Just wha whap whap. And I basically lived in the gym so I was kicking that bag hours every day. Yeah. I was just constantly setting it up and training. I was constantly setting up moves until I got 'em. Like where it's like instinctive. Like I didn't even know it was happening before it happened. Like when I was in a fight, it would just come out. Like when you see the opening, you're not even seeing it. You're just moving. Yeah. It's like it all goes into this. It's instinct and the only way that happens is just insane hours, insane hours. Constant dedication. But as, but as your body was growing Yes. And you're putting that, the stressors on it and those exactly. Those movements on it, your body adapted essentially.


So it's like, if you're already mature, your body wouldn't have adapted the same as it did because you're doing it at, at the perfect age. You Can get really good if you are really good athlete and you pick up striking later in life. But you're not gonna get Floyd Mayweather could. I don't think. I've never seen it. Rocky Marciano even wasn't Floyd Mayweather level. He was just a mouler. He would just, and he would never stop, Couldn't hurt him. He couldn't hurt him. His endurance was insane. The volume was insane. You know, he would just make guys rethink their whole lives. 'cause he'd be like, what the fuck man? Like fuck that guy. That guy's out there. I don't want that. You know, like he just Never stopped.


But he wasn't like Floyd was an a master. He was a master in there. He would stand right in front of you and you couldn't hit him. Stand stood right in front of Canelo Alvarez and Canelo couldn't do shit with him. And Canelo Alvarez a world champion, one of the best ever. He couldn't do shit with Floyd. Yeah. I mean, do you think that would be less intimidating fighting somebody like that because he didn't have that power? Yes. Like the knockout power. And he also had brittle hands. Like Floyd's broken his hands multiple times. You knew you weren't gonna just gonna get Mauled Mauled. You wouldn't get mugabi. Right. Right. You're gonna, it's, you're not gonna be able to hit him. Right. And it's gonna suck and be frustrating. But, But he doesn't hit like haggler.


You're not gonna be at a pool of blood. Right, right, right. He's not gonna beat you down and stop you. Like the thing about Haggler was like Haggler didn't mind getting hit 'cause his chin was iron. He didn't mind. And he wanted to smile at you when you hit him. And one of the things he said about Mugabi after the fight, they said, it seemed like Mugabe caught you with a big shot. He goes, oh yeah, I like when that stuff happens. I like a good fight. This is what he said after he knocked him out and like when, when the ring announcer was saying the winner and still the undisputed mid-weight champion of the world, hagglers like saying it out loud to himself, the undisputed mid-weight champion of the world. I mean, that's a guy that just went through hell for months in the snow at the Cape Cod.


And then he just beats the scariest fucking guy in the division. And at that point in time, this was before the Leonard fight, he was talking about retiring And you'd have to know if you were a fighter in his division or potentially gonna fight him. And you saw that after a war. And then you see him acting like that, you're probably just like, Bro, when he knocked on Mugabi, it was an outdoor fight and Steam was coming off of his head. Head. Oh. I Just like, like we at the end of the fight, see if you can go to the, the end of the fight when Mugabi drops and they raise his hand and he's celebrating. As he's celebrating and walking around, steam is coming off of his head. Yeah. He was a monster. Those, those, I don't know.


I'm addicted to these fucking video viral clips. 'cause so now I got two of 'em. You just reminded me of there's one, have you ever heard of Bad Water? It's, it's called Badwater 1 35 I think. But it's a race in Death Valley. Yes. Okay. Yes. So, so Goggins did that And it gets like 130 degrees where you have to, 'cause it's on the highway through Death, death Valley. So you have to run like on the white line so your, your shoes don't melt. Oh my God. And you wear kind of all white because it's so hot. But he gets 130 degrees. So Goggins his first time doing that. And he's got, you know, his physical issues like always, but he finishes, he gets third place, I believe. They come up to him and they're like, so how was, what was it like out there?


How was the heat? And he just is like sitting there, just in the, in his chair like this. And he looks at the camera and he's just like, didn't notice. Didn't notice it was 130 degrees. That one is just, I love that one. But That's, that's real. What do you got there? What was that? Jamie Goggins is described as one of The toughest men on the planet. He's the only man in To complete elite training. Why? Why? Why is this That's stopping so fast? I thought, why do they have music so much louder than when someone's Talking? I hate that. I hate that. So there's, there's, I didn't even notice it.


Yeah, there's that one. Yeah. Steam Is the, here's the Haggler one. Okay. Look at the steam. See a steam coming off his head. Look at that. That's so insane. God fucking steam. What is it about just people being shredded and just weapons? Well it's just inspirational man. It makes you wanna go to the gym. I mean, when I see Goggins making Izzy puke and break, yeah. It makes me wanna work out. I mean, when I talk to you makes me wanna work out when I know that you're out there running 13 miles when you were, when you had your full-time job. Boy, I tried to talk you outta that for so long. You Did. You did. It's it's crazy. I tried to talk you outta that job for years. I know. I was like, dude, you're wasting money being there.


I know you think it's a good job, but you're wasting money. But the point is like, yeah, you were working out so much while you had a full-time job. I mean, most people just don't have that kind of willpower. And when someone does, it's like super inspirational to everybody else. We feed off each other, humans feed off of each other. When I see a guy like Goggins or I watch a Haggler video of him training, it's just fuel man. Just, it just, to me it just pumps my blood up. I I just wanna go hit the bag, man. I wanna go work out like right now. Like I see that and, but that's, I've always used that as fuel, As a positive.


Always read autobiographies of about fighters and watch videos and, and watch them talk. And just, to me it's always like been, it's like wood just throw it on the fire. It's more fuel. It's like, woo. Without, I mean, but this is the craziest thing about Goggins. Like he ain't got nobody doing that for him. No. It's all in his own fucked up head. Yeah. There, there's another clip where this guy, they're doing, you know, they do these big events, speaking events. And so he was sitting there and the guy, the guy's like interviewing him, he's like, so you, you run for hours and hours don't you? And he just looked, he again looks at him just like he's got masters this delivery.


But he just looks at him and he's just like out, you know, something like hours, days. He runs for days and days. So not hours. What are you talking about? Fucking hours. Days. Yeah. What did he do? Like 99, 100 mile. Like how many 100 milers has he done in his life? Oh, he had the world record. He did eight 100 mile races or like eight consecutive weekends. So it was something like that. Which normally, you know, you do a hundred miles, you're banged up for a while. I would imagine a hundred miles is a lot. So he's doing them. I think it was eight consecutive weekends. Yeah. Most People can't even do eight marathons.


Oh god dude. Yeah. Eight marathons. Yeah. Did you ever See Eddie ift? No. Or Excuse me, Eddie Izard. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Shout, shout out to Eddie f Eddie Izard, the comedian from the UK who likes to wear women's clothes. He did this thing in sometime in the two thousands where he ran a marathon every day and he had no training. He wasn't in shape at all. He just did it through sheer will. Yeah. And he, I think he did it like 29 days in a row. Yeah. Like something insane like that. He did it twice. He did it twice. Okay. He's completed 43 marathons in 51 days. That's in 2009.


And then, Oh it says she see this thing about calling him. She is, he doesn't call himself. She ah, he still refers to himself as Ed. As as Eddie. Yeah. And he says I'm a he and I like ladies. Yeah. I don't know why they're saying she, unless he's changed things since or she's changed. Well, whatever. Either way. Respect super cool person too. Yeah. Done two podcasts with him, her, the them, whatever the fuck it is. I love him to death. But one of 'em while he was on a treadmill, like Really? You did a podcast? Yeah. He was a he at the time. So I was allowed to say he at the time. I'm glad we're getting this all worked out because when I wanted to tell these stories, I gotta figure out,


This episode is brought to you by degree, original, cool rush deodorant. You gotta love when a brand can own its mistakes. So last year people got really mad when Degree changed their cool Rush formula. Well guess what Degree? Listened, admitted they messed up and are bringing the original Cool Rush Scent back. Grab some from Walmart, target, or other stores now for under $4. And remember why it's the number one men's anti perman for the last decade. The original degree. Cool. Rush is back And it smells like victory for all of us.


This episode is brought to you by Farmer's Dog. It doesn't matter how old your dog is, it's always a great time to start investing in their health and happiness. And thankfully the farmer's dog makes it easier than ever to feed your dog a healthy diet of real meat and veggies. Dogs prefer their food. Even picky dogs and owners prefer their service. If you have a question about your dog, your plan, your delivery or anything else, they have 24 7 customer service that connects you to real humans who are genuinely interested in providing the best experience possible for you and your dog. They give you detailed instructions on how to transition your dog to fresh food and even proportionate for your dog's specific needs. Feeding your dog healthy. Human grade food shouldn't be complicated. And with the farmer's dog it isn't. The entire experience from box to bowl is a breeze. So try the farmer's dog today and give healthy, freshly made food a try. You can get 50% off your first box of food plus free shipping. Just go to The Farmer dog.com/rogan. Tap the banner or visit this episode's page to learn more offer available for new customers. Only


when He is he and she and I think I did his podcast and he was doing podcasts while he was on a treadmill And it was running like hundreds of miles. He's like, you know, but just through force of will completed, oh, it's her latest endurance. Look at that. Eddie Izard completes her late. Like what are we doing this time? 32 marathons in 31 days. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. It's It's so kooky. It is. Oh well But I mean that's really impressive too. 'cause this is a person that's not in shape. Yeah. Like when they started doing it, when he started doing the first marathon, when he ran all around the UK and ran like a marathon a day.


There's a documentary about it and the documentary's pretty incredible because he's not in shape at all and he's just breaking himself down and his feet are falling apart. I bet. Like it's all like, the bottom of his feet are just raw. It's just blood and tissues and they've got gauze wrapped in between the toes. It's oozing. I mean they're just destroyed. I bet that's Well one day you gotta take a day off 'cause it was that bad. You Think, you think about it. 'cause that was one of the questions I did this podcast about this Coco Donut race coming up and they said, you know, how many steps do you think it'll take to finish the race? So, and that, that just reminds me of, so if it's 250 miles, it's gen. My guess was it's generally about 2000 steps a mile.


So 500,000 steps. But point is, is 500,000 steps on your feet that's gonna cost some damage. Oh yeah. You know what I mean? So part of this training for big multi-day ultras is time on feet. Mm. Like I, because I was injured, I, I couldn't train like I normally train so I'm like okay, I'm just gonna go out and spend time on my feet. And so I did last week 150 miles, which was 22 miles a day, but I couldn't run because I've been injured. So it was like I was power hiking and kind of a slow run. So it took fucking forever, but I'm just like time on my feet. So I was out there to do that.


I was 37 hours of training last week. So your foot must be getting worse if that's the case. If you couldn't run It does my hamstring. Oh Yeah. So my, 'cause I was in like the best shape I've ever been in was supposed to, I was gonna go to Boston to get my best marathon time. Everything was tracking good me and True were training running hard. He was just like, I'm on one of his videos, he's like, my goal is to get in the two thirties for the marathon for him. And he's like, but actually I think that should be your goal 'cause I can't keep up with you. I was running so good and then tweaked the hamstring. So now if I try to open up and run like a six minute mile, it kind of re re aggravates it. So I've been trying to be patient, not push it, but I needed time on my feet was my point.


Mm. Because just as Eddie illustrated in that, if your, if your feet aren't toughened up, that's, that's your contact point. And that's why you run with no socks on too, right? Yeah, Right. You want 'em to get kind of like Abrasive, but still it's still, it's like that so many steps on your body. So there's, there's joints. Like there's this great documentary that just came out out on last year's Coco Donut two 50 and it's called the Chase. 'cause they, they went with four, like four guys. Is it right here at the Chase? Yeah. Yeah. And it's really good. But the four guys, they follow here, Brother looks like hell. Yeah. All those people in hell together.


Yeah. So that's, that's Yeah. Photographer there. That's Mike McKnight right there. All these legends of two hundreds. I saw Someone climbing a mountain here. That's not part of it, is it? What is that? Is that part of it? Shut the fuck up. Is that part of it? That's in the same country, but that's just one of the key runners. That's what he does during his runs. What? Yeah. During His runs. Detour. Yeah. Take a little break. He climb, climb out. He climb all the way. He climbs in the vi in the film. He climbs this whole fucking thing to the top. Oh my God. And so There's people that are different. Yeah. They, but the point is, is like that's the guy who is climbing right there.


What an animal. Yeah. These guys are just studs. But the, but here's the thing. So they had these guys, Jeff Browning right there, legend. He's won like 3,000 mile races. That's Joe string Bean McConaughey. What's the guy's name that climbs? That's Michael Ver ver stage is his name. I think it'll probably show there's, there's McKnight. So it'll show him coming up right There. There he is. That guy. Oh, he looks like a psycho. No, he's just, he just, that's, that's, He looks, he's got dead eyes. To Me, that's ultra running like the dirt bag. Ultra runner. That's what I love about it. Right. I love guys like that. This guy is like, I know if he's Amish or whatever, he is from Ohio.


Doesn't he live around mountains? Just a freak. So you get these, these people out there to race this 250 miles. You don't know what the hell's gonna happen. Every person they just showed there did not win. Wow. A guy who they didn't show won because so much crazy things can happen to your body. Mm. And and you, you don't, you cannot predict who's gonna, 17-year-old just finished 12th. That's crazy. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah. I didn't, I didn't know that. That's in That's impressive. That's impressive. That kinda will for a 17-year-old. For sure. Oh my god. That kid's gonna be unstoppable.


Yeah. See, that goes to show you like there are hard people out there still, even in these soft ass times. Yeah. There's hard people out there. Yeah, there is. Yeah. Like that. I think they showed, they'd done the, through hike, hike on the Arizona Trail as a family. That kid who, who'd done it, and that was 800 miles is the Arizona Trail. So a through hike is basically, you're just on the trail just as long as it takes. Oh. But that makes you tough. Oh yeah. Every day on your feet. That, that's the thing. Like in that movie, these guys are just battling back and forth, passing each other, keeping track. 'cause you have the GPS tracker. You remember when me and Courtney did Moab? So people get addicted to this tracking. Right, right.


And you know, my, I I know my brother just did, so like a month ago, or maybe three weeks ago, it was called the Arizona Monster 300, a 300 mile race. My brother just got second. Wow. I was just tracking nonstop. That's incredible. It's so fun to watch 300 mile race. And he got second. How much did the guy who won beat him by two Hours? Jesus Christ. So he guy who won got 86 hours. Taylor got 88. Oh, That's so nuts. 88 hours is so crazy. Slept for four. That is so crazy. How long did it take him to recover? Three And a half days.


I mean, oh, it's probably, I'm sure he is not recovered ever. It's been a few weeks. I mean, so nuts. What I've said before is like those races, I mean, exercising is good. That's good for you. Those not good. You, you, those aren't making you live longer. No. Pushing your body that hard. No, It can't. I mean, it is. It's like you're on death's door. Yeah. I mean, you can only run for so long before eventually everything just breaks. The, the cool part is Courtney's doing this one. Oh, nice. She's back to the 200. She's A fucking animal dude. Yeah. Chin, you'd never guess. Eats candy. All silly. Easy to talk to. Real fun. But somewhere in that brain, there's some darkness.


I don't know. I've been, that she can call upon. I've been trying to find it. You know, she came out. We, we did. I just released it on my YouTube. But we did three hours, or no three days. We did a hundred miles. Look at Her. She's eating McDonald's French fries. Yeah. So this is a, I know I had trays bring us McDonald's because we, we stayed at Pisco for 12 hours and did 15 summits, 50 miles just up and down. Look at her just chilling, eating fries. She looks like an Instagram influencer. Yeah. You know, she doesn't look like some psychopath that can run that far. No. So yeah, we did this three days, a hundred miles. And we did, this Is a McDonald's commercial. Basically Your fries stuffed in your pockets.


Like I know the perfect fuels seed oils for runners. We need cal you need calories and salt. There's my brother right there, Taylor. That's who got third. Incredible. So This is his race. But yeah, the point is, is like, we went so three days and I am, you know, this 41 miles down this day. You get to the last day and I'm fucking beat up, dude. She never, never got tired. And I'm like, she can do her run her little run at this like a nine minute mile pace forever. That's so crazy. And I just don't, that's where I'm like, this willpower.


How does it work? Well, She famously went blind. Yeah. And kept running and fell and cracked her fucking head and got up and kept running and won and won. Yeah. She's a maniac. Yeah. But it's like, it's not like this angry Goggins, like who's gonna carry the boats? Like a different kind of mental strength. She's got her own thing. I don't know her own formula. Yeah. I don't know if I told you this, but so I was talking to her about when you get in these alter races, I mean, it's, it's pain is what mostly stops you. Right. It just hurts so bad to run. So I said, she talks about the pain cave. Like she, so she goes into the pain cave and that's, you know, she welcomes it.


She's not shying away from the pain. And I said, I go, okay, so, And it what, what do you mean the, you're just like embracing the pain? She's like, no, I'm, I'm working in there. And so she's explaining, she's got this chisel and she's hitting the chisel with a hammer. And I said, I said, oh, so you're not thinking about running? She's like, no. She says, I'm thinking about hitting the chisel. And she goes, rocks falling down and piling up. And I said, so that you're thinking about that not running? She's not not running at all. She's thinking about working. So she, she makes her brain think about making this cave bigger. And I'm like, Whoa. So I said, is there like furniture and shit in the cave?


She's like, no. I said, Plato's cave. I said, but is it, I said, is it the same cave every time, every race? She says, yeah. And I go, but I said, do you have like an extra, like a, a wing for one specific race? Is is you work on this wing of the cave? She's like, yeah, sometimes. So she's in this cave thinking about chiseling rock, Making the cave larger. Making the cave larger. And it, and just, and just expanding the pain cave. And I was just like, I was blown awake. And she goes, I feel like I need to stop talking about this. 'cause the more I talk, the crazier I seem.


Well I I kind of think you have to be crazy to be great. Yeah. I just, I don't think it comes to a normal person. I don't, I think there's gotta be something going on. I mean, me, for her, it's the pain cave, you know? Yeah. For Goggins, it's, who's gonna carry the boats? You don't know me son. Like whatever it is. Like, you gotta be crazy. And you have to decide, like if you wanna beat Courtney in a 200 mile race, you gotta decide for years. For years. You have to chase echo. You're not gonna do it tomorrow. Yeah. It's like, it's not gonna happen. Like you're gonna have to build up for years. Right. To be able to do that. Yeah. And she's gonna be building up along the way too. And so you probably never catch her. I don't know. She looks, you know, she's 40 now, looks like better than she's ever looked as far as like performance.


You know, she's, I think she's done one race this year. Won it, broke the course record, and now she's got this one coming up. So I don't know. It's When she won the moop, she won the Moop two 40, right? Two 40. Yeah. How far away was she from the second place person? It was like eight or 10 hours. And I asked her about that too because, 'cause even that, so if, if you said, oh, you got, you're up by hours. Right? You just kind of slow Down. Yeah. She pushed the whole time. So that's what I, that's what I, I am fascinated and I just want to know why. Right. How, What did she say? She just wants to do the best she can.


She just wants to see what she said. She's never racing anybody else. It's always just how hard could she push herself? That's interesting because that kind of eliminates the ego. Yeah. Because instead of battling with your ego, you're just trying to do your best all the time. Your best. You're not racing against anybody else. You're just trying to do your best. A lot of people say that. Right? A lot of people say that. I think she truly believes it. Right. I believe that she believes it too. And if you can just compete against yourself, like again, back to Goggins, he's not doing it for anything. Right. There's not a thing that he's got going on. No race coming up. Uhuh. No. A lot of people have to have a goal to work towards.


He told me he's downloading information. I, yeah. What is that? I don't know what that means. That's his own pain cave. Yeah. Like he's downloading knowledge. So he's still trying to get better is what it sounds like to me. How He's trying to figure out, like he's developing his mind to be this unstoppable force, which it clearly is. It's as close to an unstoppable force as I've ever seen. Especially when you consider the, the damage. If you go back to that Izzy video, let's look at his stride. 'cause here's the thing about Gawkins. One of the things you see in his stride is if you look at his knees, he's got giant scars up both of his knees. His knees are way more fucked up than mine.


And I don't run 'cause my knees are fucked up. You did a five KI did once trading at all. But the, the scars are extraordinary and we see him in real life. It's even scarier. And his form is weird. But if you go to the YouTube video free, I I think it on freestyle bender, right? YouTube? Yeah. One second. Okay. Izzy's got it. Izzy put the whole thing up. And when you see him running, I mean, his pace is great, but it, it's weird like the way he is running because his knees are destroyed. Yeah. And I think that that just kind of evolved or devolved, however you wanna say it.


Over time, he's just doing what he has to do. You know what I mean? Yeah. If you scooch your head a little bit, this is in the be. Yeah. So here it is him running, there's A profile that That shows up. Yeah. There's a sideways profile. But even then it looks kind of odd. Like Izzy looks sort of loose and relaxed. His legs straighten out. David's legs never straighten out. They always have a bend to them at every step. You know, like, like when you see him sideways, you really get a chance to see it. Yeah. There's one part where you see him run. There it is. There it is. Right there. Right there. Yeah. So look, see how he's kind of, that's odd, right? Like you're a runner. You tell me. That's kind of odd, right? Well, I just don't know. He might be just trying to stay with Izzy.


'cause Izzy's going to a slower pace. Which maybe if he was like, maybe if David was opened up, it'd be more extended. I'm not sure. It's hard to say Because Izzy's obviously struggling there. So, and Also they are going uphill when this is happening. Yeah. So I think David, it, it could be tweaking his form a little bit, But I mean, he must be in agony. There's no way he's not in agony if you know the extent of the damage that he has on his knees. And if you've seen the x-rays we've showed him on the podcast before with all the fucking screws and shit, they saw the top of his Yeah. Femur off or his tibia off and shifted it to make it flat again. Like What? Yeah. He, he showed me some crazy photos too of like, his body reacting just insanely to some of what he's been put in it through.


Yeah, Of course. Yeah. Well, he has to stretch. He told me he stretches for two and a half hours every night. Yeah. Just stretches. And that's changed a lot for him too. When You look at him and is he running, I mean, David's 50, they don't look that much different. No. As far as like, Physically looks insane. Yeah. And again, he is not breathing heavy at all. Yeah. And that was one of multiple workouts he does in a day. Yeah. But that would break most human beings. I think Izzy posted that, that was David does three, three of those workouts a day. That's so crazy. Yeah. And He keeps going. Yeah. By himself. That's why I love him All alone. Yeah. I mean there's, there's real boogieman out there, right?


Yeah. And with David, this is all for his own personal growth or what he likes to call downloading knowledge. Whatever he is doing, it's, that's for him. It's his own battle that he does. But just to know that there's a guy like that out there, it pushes everybody else too. Like he, David existing in this soft ass world that we live in today, raises the bar for literally everyone on earth. That's, everyone who hears about him knows that there's a standard above in which they have ever pushed themselves right. Above and beyond. And that's Marvin Haggler and that's Rocky Marciano. There's this, these people, like, that's Khabib.


There's champions. And what people do is they cultivate their own little world without those people. Oh Yeah. They're like, yeah. I, I don't know if I've heard you. I think you, like, you don't like knowing about c certain men don't like knowing that there's people like that out there. Yeah. They don't like it. 'cause then it's just like, fuck, They don't like, they don't like being held to a standard that they can't match. Like they, they don't like being confronted by, oh, he's cheating. Oh, he's doing this. He's probably on peptides. There's some fucking excuse. God. There's not a peptide in the world that makes you work out six hours a day. Fuck no. It doesn't exist. No, it's A, it doesn't exist. Yeah. I, I think that, I mean, You have to be a crazy person and you have to be willing to get yourself into that place, that crazy place.


What was super cool was when True was going after the pull-ups, Goggins was checking in and he was just like, all in like, you gotta, okay. Tell him to do this. Tell him to do this. He's like, okay, write this down. Call me back. I mean, he was so into it. Yeah. He's a man. He's the man. Love him. I love him to death. And I think he does a, a great service to the world. Even though he's doing it all in silence. He's doing it all alone. You get glimpses of it, You get enough to know. And especially that video where you see him with Izzy, like, oh, this is real. This isn't a mythical person. You know, this isn't the gray man. Yeah. This is a real human being. Like, holy shit, man. Like, there's people out there that are just working harder than everybody else and they'll, they're gonna keep doing it.


Yeah. And that's their grind. You know? And those people are super valuable. Those people are so valuable. The Marvin Hagglers of the world, the Rocky Mar Marcianos of the world. Like those are very, very valuable people. Yeah. Because they change everybody's perspective of like, what, what's possible, what to strive for and what it takes. Like, do you really want to be a champion? Why? Because you just wanna be cool. You wanna be the coolest guy on the block. Like the, you're not gonna win. You gotta find some fucking psychopath who just lives it and it's, it's their whole life. And if it's not your whole life, get out. Get out. Yeah. It's, there's another quote that I love. Something like, there's somebody out there training every day and when you meet, they will win.


Yeah. I mean, that's just a fact. Yeah. Most people don't want to think about those type of people. They like, think that they're, they're like, oh yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm working my ass off. I'm doing more than anybody. They're ignoring a few people. Yeah. You don't work more than anybody. Yeah. That's not real. Yeah. There's no way you do. There's one guy, he lives in Vegas. He's my friend. I know. I'm gonna tell you. I'll introduce you to him. And you just get nervous just being around him. Yeah. He's, He's on a different level. He's the man. And that level that he's on, like this thing that he's doing, it's good for all of us. It just, people don't like it because they feel weak. Like I, I've compare myself to him, like Jesus Christ, I don't have that kinda will.


But if I was the type of person that all I was was my hard work and my will, I would look at him and I would feel inferior. And people do not like that. And there's a lot of bitch ass men out there that don't like it when guys are working harder than them. And they try to bring those people down. And David takes all those fucking people and then he writes all the shit that they said down and then he records it and listens while he's running. Yeah. Like He's, he's one of one, Well, you better shut the fuck up. You're just gonna make him meaner. Yeah. You're just gonna make him Crazier. I love that. What's that? The challenge nowadays is who's real and who isn't.


Right. Because there's people that say things just like David says, But they're not really doing it that well. They're not doing it that well. They're not him. No, they're not him. They're not Him. It's, it's an act. It's an act. It gives them this social currency in today's world. So that's the hard part is like who's, who's real, who isn't. And they Might be working harder than most people. Not everybody Though. Even Not everybody. No. There's people out there that are just, and you can't, you know, you can't, 'cause there's not only so many hours in a day and there's only so much time you can do. Yeah. You know, I've never done anything like that before. But what I did do when we had that sober October challenge with Tom and Bur and Ari is I went kind of crazy.


Yeah. And lost my mind. My mind. I was doing seven hours of cardio a day. 'cause I wanted Bert Ser to die. 'cause Burt really thought he was gonna win. So I watched John Wick like 50 times in a row. Did you Do seven a day? Oh Yeah. I was doing seven hours a day. Whew. Yeah. I was, I was trying to kill him. Yeah. I was literally trying to kill him. I was running hills. What If he would've died, Then he dies. I was like, he's talking shit. He was talking shit. He was Like, that's what you Get. That's Bert. Like Bert will tell you he can do the splits. I'm like, okay, do the splits. Yeah. He can't do the splits. Like he'll tell you he could beat you in pushups. Okay. He can't beat you in pushups. But he'll always say it. Which is fine. Yeah. But there was something about that competition where we, we were all kind of going crazy. We all decided to never do that again.


Because at the end of the month we're like unhealthy. It was bad for your family, bad for your kids. Never saw me. I was, yeah. Like daddy's fucking screaming in the gym all day. I set off the fire alarm 'cause I sweat so much in the gym that the fire alarm went off. That's pushing it Puddles around me. Puddles. Yeah. That's pushing it just puddles. I was just drinking water and soda. I was drinking like, like, like cream sodas. 'cause I want, I needed sugar. Sugar. Yeah, definitely. I just felt that's what I wanted. I wanted soda. Yeah. So I was drinking like sugary sodas and just running like a fucking maniac. And at the end of it I was like, I can't, I can't do, that's a part of my brain. I don't like, that part was like the part that made me very good at fighting.


And it like, it ignited again. And I was like, woo. It's still in there. Like Jesus, It's been a while and it's still there. It's been a while. It kind of got stronger. It was like more you like, like wanted to stay back. You know? It's like you want, you wanna start doing other things. You wanna start running and doing races and start like, Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. You are busy. Yeah. Let's not get crazy. Do you think it's, do you think it's the measurables that have changed things like, because Sure. Because our watches tell us everything. Right. So you get those numbers. You want those numbers to go up. Yeah. They say that that's a thing like with like those Fitbits and all these different wearables, like people say that they, they're people are getting addicted to those the same way they're getting addicted to social media.


So we were doing everything through the My Zones chest strap. It's a heart rate monitor And it was basically giving you a certain amount of points for having your heart rate above like one 40. And then even more points if it gets above like 180, like when you're in the red. And so you would just try to clock as many points as you could for a day. And it had to, so you had to push hard to get those points. Exactly. You're saying? Yeah. You have to be, you know, you're in the yellow, like the one forties for hours and hours. Yeah. Here's what my heart rate is so low. If me and Tru going on a run, we did a 20 mile run here a few months ago.


His was in the 20 mile run. We ran like six eighteens. His was 1 57 and mine was 1 39 or one 40. Wow. So I have a hard time getting my heart high. That's crazy. Well that's insane fitness. I would like to see what David's is. Yeah. Like, but he ain't wearing no fucking heart rate monitor. Nah, that's not his style. But yeah. So when you talked about that it had, your heart rate had to be high to get these points, I'd be like, I'd be fucked. Well Brigham says that he competes with Tim Kennedy and he's like, Tim Kennedy doesn't even know I'm competing with him. Yeah. Because he could find, 'cause Tim Kennedy's wearable numbers are posted on the My Zones thing. Like, that's the thing about my zones that was interesting is like you could compete with a, and even when we were doing sober October and we were like torturing ourselves, we still weren't in the top 10 in the country.


Yeah. There were still people out there for no fucking reason other than being a psycho people you've never heard of in Nebraska somewhere or wherever that are working harder than us. Yeah. And they're not even competing for anything. This is just what they do. Isn't that crazy? And they're putting in crazier numbers than we were. And they probably do it every month. Yeah. That's Nuts. That is nuts. Yeah. So Tim Kennedy's one of those. He's like, he's always like posting these crazy numbers and Brigham tries to compete with him. And like when he finds Tim's numbers, like that's why he spends like two hours a day doing Muay Ize. He's competing with these numbers. Oh, I see. Yeah. See Strava's sort of like that runners use Strava. I'm not on it.


But that, that gets posted publicly so everybody can see. Yeah. The pace, the climb, the hours. Well if you're competitive it's great for everybody. Yeah. Because it just raises that bar. Imagine if you could see Rocky Marciano's Strava numbers in 1951. People would be like, what the fuck? I know. I would love that. Everybody else would be like, well that was the thing with the Haggler and Mugabi fight. Like Marvin broke him. He couldn't keep up with Marvin. Marvin kept hitting him, ripping to the body slowly but surely breaking him down. But his endurance was just so strong at the end. Mugabi was just like a sh he was wobbly. Like you see when guys like, when you see it in a fight in MMA, you see it a lot.


Their technique doesn't look crisp anymore. Their head's moving too much. Their, their core's not stable. They're constantly re correcting. They're not like rock when the beginning of the fight, everybody is rock solid. Yeah. Everybody's move in the end. There's like a laxity to the movement. You see the fatigue set in. There's like these telltale things. And Marvin didn't have that. There was no, there's no laxity. It's like the storms coming. Like, you Know, being across from somebody like that, terrifying. Must just be the worst. The worst. They never get tired. Yeah. There's a famous moment in when Khabib fought Edson Barboza, where Edson has this thousand yard stare because Khabib took him down again and he's beating him up and you realize like Edson iss like, this is never gonna end.


I cannot get outta this. I'm never gonna, I'm never gonna get this guy off me. Yeah. I can't stop him from taking me down. And he's just maing me every time he takes me down. He's just punching my fucking face in. And that's how Connor felt when he was fighting Khabib too. At the end. He's just, just like tapped like, fuck it, it's over. Yeah. I mean it is got that fatigue makes cowards of us all true. It's gotta be the most accurate quote of all time. And the only way to develop that kind of endurance is through insane work. Insane work. Just insane volume. And then constant consistency.


Constant volume. Discipline intensity. Never ending. Go, go, go, go. Where your body just has to keep up. Yeah. You know, or it doesn't And it breaks. And then eventually you get like Kane Velazquez, towards the end of his career, his shoulders were getting fucked up. His knee was fucked up, his back was fucked up. After a while, he was too mentally tough for his own physical form. His body just couldn't tolerate it anymore. Yeah. I wonder what the limit is nowadays. 'cause we talk about back then, and we talk about how it's changed because you said something talking about, I think Sonny Liston talking about when he was 38, that was a different 38 than now.


Joe. Joe Lewis. Yeah. He was three was three seven. Oh, Okay. So nowadays, what, what is, what are people capable of? Because when you talk about the nutrition, the science, the, you know, it's, who knows because you said, you said something like, your body will break if you push this a certain amount or Yeah. I Think there's, what is the Limit Now there's a difference between endurance activities and combat sports. And there's something about combat sports that it's fractions of a second you miss. So there's only been a very few fighters that fight at an elite level deep into their forties.


The best example is Bernard Hopkins. Bernard Hopkins fought at a world championship level when he was 48, 49 years old. He was different. 'cause he was, first of all in very intelligent, never got outta shape, never cheated on his diet, never partied, never drank, never smoked, never got fat, always trained, always, always in shape. And also very intelligent with his boxing. He was super defensively responsible. Never, he didn't fight like Haggler, he just weighed himself into the fire, try to break guys. Bernard was using like clever boxing and really good defense. Defense was number one. You didn't have to like his fights, you know, like some of them, the beginning people thought it was boring because he would hold on to guys and he wouldn't let the guys hit 'em.


And then he, but, but he won fights and he didn't take a lot of damage. And so he was able to do it deep in their forties. But most people, by the time you're 37, that's usually when the wheels start to fall off. If you're natural. If you're natural. The thing about today is with boxing, especially in the off season, no one can stop you from doing peptides and growth hormone and testosterone replacement. No one can stop you as long as you're not getting Vata tested. And that usually, generally they do that during camp. And as long as you're not getting randomly tested, like you saw they used to do with the UFC where they just show up at your door if you just get weighed in and then the, the state athletic commission drug test you like in Nevada, that's a intelligence test.


Yeah. Right. You know, that's, that's, that's how certain guys were able to like maintain their power going up in weight class, multiple divisions, like for sure there's some Mexican supplements involved in that for sure. Yeah. And then that's different. So if you're doing peptides and hormone replacement and all that, then you're extending your athletic career deep, deep, deep into your thirties and maybe even into your forties. Mm. But combat sports are just a different animal. Yeah. It's different than just running like you're getting hit and like your ability to hit back is based on your ability to absorb punishment. And You can only, you only have so many times that ticket can get punched before your chin goes before, you know, you can't take it anymore.


Yeah. So it's like, for fighters, it's very rare that a guy can perform at the highest level. Like in the late thirties. And Randy Couture, he, he did it. He didn't even start his career until I think he was 34, 3 5. Right. Yeah. He's an MMA fighter. Yeah. No. And he went late beat Tim Sylvia. Yeah. In his forties. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So what's your, what's your training like nowadays? Because you're shredded? I'm doing a lot of, a lot of kettlebells still always, you know, I'm doing that regularly. I'm doing a lot of rucking too. Getting ready for elk season. I've been doing a lot of, i I walk hills. There's a, a big hill in my yard that I, I like to walk to with farmer's Carries and shit.


Yeah. Like down, There's that Tom Haviland guy that I've been following a lot Yeah. From Australia. And I'm like, one of the things that he does, like he carries stuff and so I'll carry heavy shit and walk around the gym with it. There you go. I think there's something to that man really, like for overall strength. Yeah. But I've been doing, you know, staying with a lot of the body weight stuff that I do. I do a lot of that stuff with a weighted vest too. A lot of chin up and dips and pull-ups and LLL pull-ups, you know, where you do like, you hold the tight legs out and then lift legs out. Yeah. I'm doing a lot of those leg lifts too, where you're hanging and just with a straight body and then lift your legs, you know, hinge at the hips, lift your toes all the way up to the top of the bar and then slowly drop 'em down and up in that.


Doing a lot of that too. And just mixing that up with bag work and all the different, different things that I always like to do. But I've been super consistent. I've been real consistent. Gonna be ready for elk season. Oh fuck Yeah. I'm excited. I'm already excited. How many elk hunts? I have two. One with you and one with Evan. You know, that's generally what I do. But I, I have a lot of opportunities around Texas for pig hunts. Yeah. Which is nice because people are begging you to hunt pigs. Yeah. Because they're tearing up the land here. They just get, you know, like I got a text from a friend of mine the other day who's a movie producer and he is like, please come to my ranch and kill some of these pigs.


They're just everywhere. Ah, that sounds fun. Yeah, Because they're, they have to kill them. I mean there's Yeah, there's millions of them in Texas. Oh. And I'm not exaggerating. Oh, and they're, yeah. And they just reproduce so quickly. Yeah. So the good thing about that is it really gets you tightened up for elk season. Yeah. You know, really get a lot of targets in, You know, bow shooting. Good. It gets some good sausage. Yeah. Bow shooting. Great man. Yeah. Bow is shooting great. Archery country. Archery country, Man. What's going on there? You and me are part of the owners now. Oh yeah. That's that. Is that public now? I know it is now. Yeah. That's exciting, isn't it? It is. We're business partners buddy. I know, that's fun. Yeah. And Evan and, and then Tyler's the man.


So Yeah, it's cool. Everybody together. Pretty exciting. Really Fun. Yeah. Yeah. We got big plans to do something really cool with a place here in Austin. That's exciting. Yeah. Yeah. A lot going on. It's A lot happening. Archery's. So much fun. Oh, The best dude. I just, I just got this set up. I just love shooting bows. You get Another one? Yeah. This is, why'd you get a different one? Well, I had to give it in the Sitka. Oh, that's nice. Yeah. Ooh, that does look good. So we had the origin on that. Is this 80? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's a good looking bow. Yeah. But yeah, so some changes had to get in Sitka and we're Yeah, we're rocking.


Oh yeah, I got a So you said true it ran in Origin jeans, which No, he didn't. Not true. I thought he did. Yeah, he's running in What, what's the company that he uses? He's called Perfect Gene. Oh, I saw Jesse Michaels was repping those too in one of his YouTube videos. Yeah. Anyway, so Origin liked you call your call out though, so That's good. Oh, there it Is. Yeah. There's a, there's a perfect gene. Yeah. Well there's a lot of people that make these great stretchy jeans. Yeah. Now Rev Town makes a great pair. A barbell makes a great pair. Yeah. But that he's so jacked for a guy who runs like that kind of time sub three hour marathon. Yeah. Nobody looks like him. That's running those. Look how jacked he is.


Yeah. He's down to a, he just did Eugene, so he set, he got his fastest time ever in Boston on Monday. Look At that. No one's jacked like that, doing fucking marathons. And then also gets the world record in pull-ups. Yeah. And then he just beat that time six days later in Eugene. That's nuts. So he didn't, so you normally under three hours as fast he did Eugene in 2 34. Yeah. He came in seventh place in the Austin Marathon and doesn't look anything like anybody else that's running. They all, everybody else looks like Popsicle sticks. Yeah. I mean part part of it is like, I told him when he was like that little guy, I said, Hey, running's your thing, just so you know running is gonna take you.


And he hated, I used to, 'cause I'd made the kids run. So you make a kid do something, they're gonna hate it. Right. So he kind of half-assed effort all through high school did pretty good. Was like all conferences a freshman. But that was as hard as he ever kind of worked. He just wanted to lift and he hated running. So I told him, I said, if you, if you work hard, you could run in college. I mean, for sure. And he's like, I don't wanna run for four more years. He's like, so, so done with running. So finally now, now he has this goal of running under a a two 30 marathon. So that's in the two twenties, which is fucking fast. And what's Like a world record?


Oh, down two hours. Two hours. Right. Right. Over like, When did that become the world record? Like what did it used to be like? What was like the world record in like 1990? He did it again. Truitt Hayes. Yeah. That Boston Marathon 2 38. So he Right. He just beat that on Sun Sunday in, in Eugene Nuts. Yeah. But yeah, so his, his, So his lowest time is what now? 2 34. But he'll get and there's, there's Tanner right there. So Tanner did the Eugene Marathon in the middle at the bottom. That's my oldest son. Wow. With 35 pounds. What? Yeah. So he, and, and in combat boots, Oh my god. Him and His buddy Jake. That's so crazy. They both wore these big packs and still ran it in, in the fours.


Wow. Yeah. So that's Tanner With combat boots. That's fucking nuts. And so these guys truist wearing jeans in a, in a wife beater. Tru Tanner's in a pack and hunting and combat boots. Hilarious. I wonder how like the Normies view that, I wonder if that bothers them. They, they all those Dorks? No, the elite runners hate people like Truett, like the, they call them like run influencers because part of it is the elites work so hard, they're so good. And the follow, it's hard to get a following when you're just a runner. Oh. So they see this guy and they're like, they can beat him and 'cause they're world class gonna, the Olympics.


So Truitt isn't there yet, but they're like, this fucking Jack dork is running and getting all this, there's articles on him everywhere. And so that's why it's, it's kind of the gatekeeping thing. Well That's funny. 'cause then the haters work for him because it's unbelievably impressive. It's impressive. Yeah. I don't give a fuck what you say. Oh, we don't like these people. They're the run flus. Come on man. The guy has the world chin up record. Yeah. He's obviously a freak. Yeah. He's obviously doing something that's very, very extraordinary. Yeah. And if you don't want that Cause it wasn for us. It's only for us. We Yeah. We, We Yeah.


You supposed to be Skinny. We fuck off. Yeah. They, they don't. So Truett in Eugene, you got 25th place. I mean Eugene is like the running capital of the world, but the times Have changed over the last hundred years. Interesting. Yeah. So in 1908, it was two hours and 55 minutes. So in 1908, Truett would have the world record. Yep. In 1956 down to two hours and 17 minutes. So 50 years later, 2003, two hours and four minutes. And then 2018, two hours and one minute. So yeah, between three and 18 and 15 years, they only lost three minutes. Yep. Isn't that wild? Yeah. I mean, you get to the, you're just not gonna get those big gains after.


Right. I mean, someone would have to be a fucking freak to drop under two hours. Right. So they, they did this with, I think he got under two hours here. Wow. And he had all these pacers and people breaking the wind for him. See? Oh, is that different? I think it's Ki Kipchoge. Yeah. He's like in white. So that Doesn't count as much. Well, if someone's breaking the wind for you. Right. You can't have official Pacers just if you're not racing them. Oh, there are pacers for him. I just, for him this is, this was a challenge. Yeah. Just to do that. This is the Ineos Pace challenge. So Ineos is that company that makes that Grenadier. Have you seen that truck? No. It's kind of a funny story. Ineos is like a chemical company and the guy loved Range Rover Land Cruiser defenders.


Okay. And wanted to remake them. When they stopped making them, they said no, he's like tried to buy their factory. Like, no. So he was like, okay, I'll make my own. So he basically made a better defender. Mm. So this is, these are new trucks that are Oh, I got that way more durable, way better quality than those. Like if you get one of those classic defenders Yeah. They look cool, but it's when you shut the door on them, it feels like you're closing a garbage can. Oh, I see. They're, they feel like junk and neither they feel like these things are tanks. These are built, huh? They're, well, they're built specifically for Offroading. Oh, I see. But it's a brand new truck. Mm. Instead I never even, I haven't heard of 'em.


Right. I know it looks like a classic defender. Yeah. But it's actually way better. Way better. Like I, I've saw one in the flesh. I was like, oh, this thing is super legit. Like heavier gauge steel, like really tight tolerances. And I've watched a bunch of videos on them. They're all outfitted. Like you could take one of those hunting for sure. They're outfitted with electricity like in the back. They're all set up where you could put like coolers back there. Like a, like a little refrigerator and they're sick. Yeah. And they're all, they're literally from the factory set up for outdoors. Like you don't have to do nothing to them. You could take them, do Moab with them, take them out into the fucking the woods and go, We can still have Hennessy like sweet 'em up a little bit Then.


Yeah. It doesn't have nearly the kind of horsepower that Yeah. You know, like a raptor has or anything like that. It's like Right. I think they only have Like three hundred horsepower 208, which is not a lot. But that it's the durability of the things like the purpose built this guy just so that's the same company, iNOS. Oh, okay. That's the, who's that Pace Challenge sponsor that race? Yeah. That's, that's what that company is. Yeah. So that, that the goal was to try to break two hours in that race. So he Did, he got down to 1 59. I think he did. But with Pacers. Yeah. So it's possible for someone to do that without a pacer. That's what it kind of showed. It Seems Like it. Yeah. Yeah. That's so crazy. It's, it's, yeah, it's super fast. That's So crazy. Super fast. Yeah.


It's like what, what one Eugene was two 17. So still like what was the world record back in, what was that? The fifties? Yeah. That's what won Eugene still. So that, that'll still win most marathons. Yeah. But fuck Yeah, it's flying. And the amount of work you have to do to get to that fast. That's what I do. I do sympathize with the pro runners. 'cause the, the work you have to put in to be elite, Whatever you get what you deserve. This is what you get in life, what you deserve. Yeah. Hey, throw some jeans on if you don't Like it. Yeah. Yeah. You don't like the fact that he is getting attention 'cause he is a handsome guy who's jacked.


He's wearing jeans. Fuck off. Do you think Courtney cares about that? No. Yeah. No. Right. Do you think she would be focusing on other people? That's people that want more than they're getting. What about me? I ain't winning. No one cares me. Yeah. Well we, we have gatekeepers in hunting too. I don't know if you knew that. Yeah. Allegedly. There's gatekeepers in everything. There's well there's always people that compare themselves to other people and then they don't like what they find. So they try to find flaws in that other person. Yeah. That's what it's, you know, there's, there's just, but there's that with literature filmmaking. Music comedy.


Yeah. Fill in the blanks. There's always bitches. There's always bitches out there. And what a bitches do they bitch they bitch about everything. Yeah. That's sub two 30 marathon at 2025 or die. Yeah. So that he's gonna get it. I mean there's no, I'll get it. There's no doubt he's gonna get it. He, He broke the world Pullup record. He did 10,000 pullups in two, four hours. That's nuts. And so people are saying like, oh, peds or EP It's like we were, we ordered breakfast after the marathon. I'm like, I don't even know what the fuck EPO stands for. Do you? I don't know, but I know what it does. Well it's supposed to make more red blood cells, right?


Yeah. That's what, you know, a lot of the Tort de France people were doing. Yeah. Doing epo. That's as much as I know about it. Yeah. So I'm like, I, we were at breakfast and I'm like, do you think somebody in fucking Springfield, Oregon has EPO? What are you guys talking about? You could Get it, but I don't think he's on it. But the, the thing is like fighters have been popped for it. EPO is real. Yeah. I think that's actually what never actually heard his TJ LeShaw got popped for. Oh is that? Yes. Okay. When TJ LeShaw fought Henry Saluto, when he got all the way down to fly weight. The thing about that though is I understand why TJ did that. 'cause TJ was literally starving himself. Death. Oh, he's trying to get to 1, 1 25 death.


Yes. Yeah. Starving himself to death. 'cause he would have to cut a lot of weight to make 1 35. So he had this idea that he was gonna become a two division champion. Yeah. Remember that. And drop down at 25. And he was just a dead man. He had nothing left. And it probably shortened his career. It really probably did because he looked like hell and then Henry Soto took him out in the first round. You know, when you put, so this, I'm not trying to compare me at all, but I was losing weight trying intentionally trying to get lighter for these races coming up. So I was my, my same theory of burning 4,000, eating 3000.


So a thousand calorie deficit a day. Which is fine for regular life, but when you're put, I was also running a hundred miles a week. That's what my hand, my body just wasn't getting what it needed. But I was still trying to push hard. Right. That's why I got injured. What did, what did you want your goal weight to be? 55. So at 1 55 then you feel like it's easier to run. What's the most you've ever weighed and run? Like a hundred miler. Oh, probably like 81. 81 80? Yeah. What was that like? It was hard. Yeah. Because I think about that a lot of times when I'm wearing my weight vest because my, I have one of those outdoors man's packs. Yeah. So it's got the post on the back and I just put the plate on.


I put a 45 pound plate on it. And so the, the, the pack probably weighs like five pounds and then the plates, so it's 50 pounds. Mm. That's like a normal thing that people have to lose. Yeah. It's a normal thing. Yeah. And I'm walking up hills with this thing and I'm like, this sucks. This sucks. And this isn't even that heavy. Yeah. And, And some people they have to lose a hundred pounds. Like what is, what are your joints feel like man? Because it hurts my feet. Yeah. I mean you saw jelly rolls lost like 200 now. I know, I know. 200 pounds. He threw his phone away. He threw his phone away. Think he got it back. Did He get it back? I think he got it back. Oh no. I've been seeing some social media posts. Well I think he's got a guy who does that. Oh yeah. Because that might be, I reached out to him And it, it came up green.


I was like, Hmm. That's weird. Yeah, I did too. And so then I reached out to him on Instagram. Oh. And his social media guy says, I'll get this message to Jelly Roll. But he got rid of his phone. Oh good. Because he had the same phone forever And you know, years of drinking in bars and giving out his number. 'cause he is so nice. He gave out his number to everybody. And apparently everybody is just blowing his phone up all day long. And he's a superstar now. And it's just like, yeah. Overwhelming. And I think like a lot of people he was dealing with social media addiction I'm sure. Yeah. You know, and then he is on this path to lose weight and get healthy. And so Yeah. He just decided Chuck that phone away. Fuck these phones. No phone. It's A good move. I mean he looks so good right now.


He looks great. He looks, he's the opposite of Bert. He's the nicest fucking guy ever. He is not the opposite of Bert. Bert took his way probably they're gonna meet in the middle. He's still Got some ways To gobert. Bert will get, he'll be back on. I and I do have to give bur props. He is strong. Oh, He is strong. Yeah. He's strong. Yeah. So he, he benched a lot. He beat me in benching. Did he really? Yeah. What did he bench? He did like 2 25, like 13 times, 10 times, something like that. Damn. Yeah. That's impressive. 'cause back the sober October days when we were talking about when you had that challenge. Yeah. He couldn't do it once. Really? Yeah. He couldn't do 2 25 once. 'cause we all had like this little contest like who can do 2 25 and he couldn't do it at all.


He's He's on pd. Yeah, He is for sure. He's definitely on testosterone. No, he's strong and, but he is, He works hard And he, I I think He just drinks hard Too. I think I, I heard him say on here that he did pull back my, my 80 pound bow. Did he? Yeah. That's impressive. I know. I'm telling you. Impressive. He's pretty Strong. That's impress because you know who couldn't pull back my bow? Alexander Gustafson. Really? He fought in the UFC at 2 0 5. Yeah. He's huge. Yeah. He couldn't pull a bow back, Pull A bow. He's like, is there a trick to this? I go, no. Here's the trick. Just pull that fucker back. Yeah. Pull that fucker back. Yeah. Yeah. He just, I do it a hundred times a day. It's, yeah. I mean if people haven't done it, it's tough. I started incorporating, and this is probably a good thing for anybody who shoots archery a lot to do, I started incorporating what you told me, which was cable rows standing up while holding a 10 pound weight.


Yeah. And it ma it's making a world of difference. 'cause I was developing a pretty severe imbalance. And then by being a meathead, I was pushing through this tendon pain that I was developing on my right lower side from just stabilizing and holding this 85 pound bow, all these reps only one way. And it's like, that's not smart. Right. So I started switching it over however many times I pull the bow back with my right arm. I'll do that same amount with cable rows while holding this 10 pound weight down. It's made all the difference in the world. 'cause now I have tendon problems on my left side too. So it balances it out Perfect.


Not really, it's not. But I do feel like a lot of soreness on that side when I do these long sessions. Yeah. So you're hitting I'm hitting it. You're hitting it at least. Yeah. And then I'm doing a lot of back extensions and here's the big one that reverse hyper, you know, I've talked about that machine before. That machine is a goddamn life changer. But dude, you have everything here. It's Nice. Yeah, it's Nice. You have, I have to go to like four different places to get everything you have here. Yeah. The gym is pretty sweet. It's, it's set up real nice. That reverse hyper is so big though because it pulls the back. It like, it's decompressing on the downswing And you know, when you stack the weight on there, I like to get about, so I have two 40 fives on each side and lately I've been sticking an additional 25 on each side.


So a lot of weight. Yeah. So you're doing this swing up. So it strengthens the hamstrings and the lower back muscles. And then on a swing down it's like pulling it, like stretching it out. And then I like to do that dex machine where you hang from your, your hips, you swing down and you're just decompressing the back. Yep. And I've been doing deep stretches in the sauna every day. Every day. Instead of just sitting in the sauna for 25 minutes now I'm doing like heavy stretches. It's fucking so hard to do when it's 1 95 in there And you know, Do you do the water? No. What? I need that fucking water. You gotta do the steam.


Dude. It's so hot in there, Dude. I, I do it. Same thing, but you gotta do the water. Are you Stretching? No. Push You, you don't even stretch it. That's pushups. You blew out your ttr Did you do pushups in there Sometimes. Ugh. But that, I wanna get an exercise bike in there. Ooh, I know people, there's A one, mine is too narrow. One that's a, a sauna that's set up that way. Like it's called a fit sauna or something like that. Laird Hamilton has a, a airdyne bike in his and he's got oven mitts, he puts oven mitts on and the air dye with Oven. Mit See I'd be sick dude. I would be sick. Yeah. Yeah. I love doing the sauna then right into the cold plunge. Yeah, it's nice. It's Nice. That's my, that's my, I do, I'm almost always doing the cold punch first.


That's, that's the beginning of the workout is cold plunge. And then this whole body weight thing that I do just to warm back up a hundred pushups, a hundred situps. Okay. And now I added a hundred kettlebell swings. Okay. So I do three sets of 23 sets of 23 sets. Or five sets of 25 sets of 25 sets. 20. But I do 'em like 1, 2, 3. So I do like first pushups, then body weight's got, and then I do five, five cycles. So it's a hundred of everything. Yeah. And then by that time I'm warmed up, it's like 15, 20 Minutes later. So 500 reps or, or What How many movements? Three Movements. A hundred each. 300 reps. So 300. So 303, you know, a hundred swings, a hundred pushups, a hundred body weight squats. And then did I hear no drinking anymore?


No drinking for like two plus months. No. Yeah. I'm never going back. I mean I will, maybe I'll have a glass of wine somewhere if I feel Like it. Like I'm not an alcoholic but I feel stupid for waiting this long. Yeah. 'cause like I would have these days, like, 'cause you know I have a nightclub, I have a bar. We go to the club, we do some shows have a couple of cocktails with the boys, have a bunch of laughs, do a podcast, have some whiskey, have some laughs, and then the next day, like, ugh. Yeah. And I'd be going through my workouts going, oh you fucking moron. What have you done? Yeah. And you know, and I'd, you know, do the hyperbaric and drink a lot of electro try flush it out, electro lights and try to flush it out.


But if you're concentrating on improving your health and your fitness, why are you poisoning yourself? Yeah. Sabotaging yourself. But You'll also start thinking, well, that's the only way to have fun. You have to have fun too. But no, it's not changing my fun. Go Goggins doesn't have fun. Well, he's different. He's not having fun. He's not trying to have fun. I'm trying to have fun. Like part of my job is fun. Like, I want, like fun is a prerequisite, like as a comedian, like you have to be having fun. Yeah. As part of the fun of comedy is like enjoying it. You enjoy it. They enjoy it. Everybody enjoy it. It's fun. And so I thought like, maybe it would be less fun if I was, so it's not, it's not any less fun sober.


It's just as fun. And it's just, I feel better. And this is one of the things that I've always tried to, to tell all these comedians And you know, I, I bring a bunch of 'em in here and work out with 'em. And we, we have these comedian workout sessions that we we're doing. And you know, Shane comes in here all the time and works out on his own and so does Derrick and, and Asan and all these guys from the club. But if you have more energy, you will have more energy on stage. If you have more energy, You can do more shows. You can do multiple shows a night and you don't get fatigued. Like it, it carries over into comedy. Yeah. Like your body and your brain are inexorably connected. If your body functions better, your brain will function.


But it's like, it's not rocket science. It's real simple. It's just nobody wants to do it. Because everybody you can, like, you can be the best comedian ever and never lift a weight and never work out. But if the best comedian ever did that too, I bet they would be better. Better. Yeah. I bet they'd be better at everything in life, I would think. Yeah. It doesn't mean that like the best person has to do that. Otherwise you won't be the best person. No. There could be someone who's just so funny. It doesn't matter. They could be fat that's fuck and be hilarious and barely walk, you know? And just be so funny. Just 'cause they're just gifted and they put a lot of time into comedy. But if they were healthier, they'd feel better. They'd enjoy life more and they'd probably be better at everything they do.


Not just comedy. Yeah. Everything. Yeah. I just, I, I mean, on a different level, it's like when I was trying to lose that weight to get lighter, I came here the last time I saw you, we saw you at Weighs Too. Well, but I tried to do everything perfect, but just being on the road, traveling to Texas and going back, I could not get my body weight back down for like four days. Wow. From, And it's not like I was drinking or eating donuts. Just food. Just, yeah. Just, you know, you go to that, that steak place at the hotel I'm staying at. Really good. Remember those big steaks we had? Yeah. And I'm like eating this meat going, how much fucking sugar is on this thing?


I mean, there's, they put brown sugar on. It's, I tastes so good. Which, which place is that you Ate there? Which place is that Though? Me, you, Evan and Tyler. Right. It's at Omni Barton Creek. Omni, Right. Oh, Bob's. Bob's. No, this, they don't put sugar on their steaks. Something is on there. Well, you're eating that carrot. That carrot seems to be glazed. I don't ate that fucking carrot. That carrot's awesome. That carrot's the size of a football. Like where, what fucking lab in China? Are they growing them carrots? I know. Okay. But the meat has something Su has to have sugar on it. It's too good. No. Yes. I don't think so. Okay. Well then why could I not get my body weights that I think you're eating mashed potatoes and stuff too.


You're eating a bunch of other stuff as well. I don't think their steaks have sugar on Them. I think they do. RFK thinks they do too. Bob is great. He's banning them. He's banning bob's. There's so many good restaurants out here. Yeah. There is. This fucking town has so many good places to eat. Yeah. But my point was, if you deviate a little bit from a disciplined, perfect diet Yeah. It takes a while. So your body is point is to all that. Your body's so fucking sensitive. When you get so dialed in on everything, man, you really, you really realize how little it takes to throw you off. Yeah. So imagine drinking fucking Poison. Well, that's the thing too.


Poison every Yeah. Everybody I know that has an aura ring or wears a whoop strap. Like if you wear a whoop strap, you know, it'll show you how much you recovered through the night. Right? Yeah. And if you drink, you will notice a big dip. If you have one cocktail, one cocktail will be a big dip in the amount of recovery you have. Right. And you won't even notice it. You'll be like, ah, I wasn't even drunk. I Want drink. Well, if you're not trying to perform and do something Right, you won't notice it. Like a, a regular person at a regular job. It might, maybe you'll feel like a little sluggish, but it's when you start to like work out and perform and run and you're like looking at these times or you're on the scale and you're like, what the fuck is going on?


Yeah. Yeah. Crazy. Well, most people are just used to feeling like garbage. Well think about most people's diet and if they just cleaned up their diet and then just cut out all the nonsense, cut out all the processed food, cut out all the sugar, cut out all the sugary drinks, and just drink water and eat healthy, pure whole foods, you would feel so much better. But most people aren't doing that. So there are accustomed, they think this is what you're supposed to feel like. Right. This is life. Yeah. It's like having water in your ear and then you forget and then you, it pops. You're like, Oh fuck, I can hear now. Right. Like, they're walking through life with water in their ear. Yeah. And they think this is what it sounds like, but it's just you're poisoning yourself.


Yeah. If you're eating the standard American diet, if you're eating fucking burgers and fries, drinking soda and eating candy, you are poisoning yourself. I went, I, I was coming back from a run and I don't, I think I was dying of thirst. So I usually take like a, a visa in my short so I can buy something. But anyway, I went into Fred Meyer back there at home and I never go shopping. I've, I don't even remember the last time I was in a grocery store. I don't, but I was walking down the aisles of a regular grocery store and I was like, holy shit, I want to eat all this stuff. It looks, it's fucking terrible, but looks, it's bright colors. Holy colored. Yeah. And it was just like every aisle, I don't know what I was looking for.


Supposedly something to drink, but I don't know what. But I just kept walking down the aisles going, I haven't eaten any of this shit in so long, but it looks so good. And then I was thinking, that's what most people are buying and eating. Yeah. The shit. Yeah. No wonder you feel terrible. Yeah. Most of what you're eating in the supermarket, most of what you can buy in the supermarket is terrible for you. Yeah. The whole center area. Right. Nuts is all bullshit. Yeah. You know, unless it's like tomato sauce or whatever. And even that, a lot of that is got seed oils in it. If you buy it from a shitty company Yeah. It's a lot of garbage. Yeah. People are eating a lot of garbage. And that's the average person. And, and then you have a doctor, like you don't need vitamins.


Oh, you don't just have a balanced diet. Oh fuck. Shut up. You fucking slob. You doy sack of shit with old information. Well, so here's the point that I just remembered my point. So I was trying to buy donuts 'cause I was doing an ultra marathon the next day. So you saw like me and Courtney running normally it doesn't matter what type of calories when you're working that hard. Right. You just need calories and salt and sugar. So I'm like, I'm gonna get some old fashioned donuts 'cause I was gonna do this 50 k. I'm like, that'll be perfect calories. So you know where I found the donuts and the fucking produce over there with the vegetables. So they're like hiding little treasures. You're trying to be healthy. Like, oh, get it fucking apple.


Then you're like, look at a old fashioned donut right there. You're like, fuck this apple. I'm gonna get these donuts. So yeah, they still sabotage you. They're probably Be clever. Yeah. I wonder if there's like a marketing strategy involved in that. I wonder if they had like a meeting like, look, people are trying to eat well, but we can fuck them. The algorithm. Yeah. Yeah. It's like the algorithm. I know. It really is kind of like that. They're predicting everything. That's the other thing I've been doing. I'm basically off of social media. All I'm doing is I will, I still allow myself to look at it. If I'm taking a shit, okay, I'll look. But I try not to like linger. So now every time you send me something, I know you're shitting Most likely. Or someone send me something that's gonna t it or someone said, well, I didn't send you, I sent you YouTube videos.


That's different. Okay. I watched, I was watching that actually at home on tv. Okay. I was watching that on the big screen. Yeah. 'cause I, you know, I was interested like last night in watch, like some, you know, every night is a different, if I get like some downtime and I can relax a little bit and watch something on tv. Sometimes I like watching a show, you know, a, a fiction show like Mob Land or something like that. But sometimes I get on these kicks where I'm, I wanna watch certain things. Yeah. And last night it was like old school fighters training, you know, and I just got, I went down this rabbit hole. I watched old school Sugar Ray Robinson too. That was amazing. Mm. He was another one. Super dedicated to his craft.


Again, trained harder than anybody, but also trained smarter. And he would move different than people. 'cause he was a dancer. He actually retired from fighting for a brief period of time just to be a dancer and performed like in like dance shows. Wow. And then went back to fighting. But, so he could move man and footwork Must Be Yeah. But it was like, it was intentional. It wasn't, it was all like, there were certain moves that he would, he had programmed into his footwork and movement and his balance, his ability to get outta the way and fight. And, you know, he was fighting in a time where these guys are fighting like every couple of weeks, you know. Yeah. They fought a lot. Crazy. What's, what's your, so you said fighting sometimes, but what, what is, is your go-to on YouTube do you think you watch most?


If I want to just zone out it's professional pool. Okay. I like watch a professional pool. Yeah. Because I, I still, that's my number one addiction is playing pool. So that comes up on your recommended list on YouTube? Yeah. Yeah. Mostly pool and then ancient civilizations. Okay. Ancient civilizations is number two. I love watching videos on these mysteries where they're just uncovering, like, I was watching this whole thing in Malta about Malta the other day, where they found these elongated skulls in Malta that are missing the characteristics of a Norman normal human skull. Hmm. So a normal human skull has, I think it's called a sagittal crest. There's a line that goes down the, the middle.


Like this is like a, you know, like as you're, you're growing as a baby. You have like these plates in your head that move around and they expand as your head grows. And there's like lines. Yeah. So there's a line that goes straight and there's a line that goes like this across. These heads don't have that, they don't have the line that goes straight. Mm. But they're elongated human skulls. And they have a line that goes in the back, but they don't have the line that goes down the center. Mm. And they're trying to like, make sense of this. Like, that's weird. What is this? Yeah. What is this? And Malta is a giant mystery. Like Malta is this island that used to be at one point in time before the flood, it was connected to Sicily.


And they know Neanderthals lived there like thousands of years before, you know, recorded civilization. But they didn't think peep homo sapiens did. But they found these elongated skulls that are different than any human skull. Then they found these incredible stone constructions, these, these stone buildings and immense stones that have crazy erosion on them. Hmm. That they think is more than 6,000 years of erosion. So they're trying to figure out like, what happened? Like what is this? How old is this? Is this from before the flood? Wow. Is this when before the ice age? Like what, what the fuck is this stuff? Yeah. And why are these elongated skulls there?


Yeah. That's nuts. Bizarre stuff. Yeah. Bizarre stuff. 'cause it's like, there's so many mysteries in terms of like the human race and, and how long people have been building things. And every now and then they'll uncover something that pushes everything back. Like they used to think the first people in North America were like 13,000 years ago was Clovis first. Then they found these footprints in New Mexico that are 22,000 years old. So like, well, okay, scratch that. Well that's not number one. That's not like the first person to come here. There's like probably people even before that. Yeah. But there's very little information. And then there's this like crazy stone wall that they found in Montana.


Mm. And it was on private property and no one even knew it was there. Mm. And these people, they just were clearing some land and they found this fucking wall, this thing, it's, I think it's called the sage wall. Mm. In Montana. But these immense stones that looks like they were placed there. Who knows how long. And there's people arguing, oh, this is like natural this, this is it. Whoa. What the fuck is that dude? So that was all covered with treat by the way. It goes deep into the ground too. It goes like 10 feet deep into the ground. Wow. So they're like, okay, is this a natural formation? Yeah. It doesn't look natural. It looks like human beings placed those stones.


Yeah. It looks like it was placed there. Yeah. It's really weird, man. And look like there's like weird stuff about it. That's definitely something like someone made that, that has a circle that's carved into it. And then there's like the, the p the the, that sort of structure that looks like it's the outline of it. Yeah. Right. So there's a lot of arguments. Like that one photograph right there, that photograph's fucking crazy. So Looks fake. Yeah. Is that fake? It looks fake. That one's fake. Are you sure? I The rest of 'em melt? Well, let's see which one is fake and which one isn't. 'cause some of 'em, that one in the upper left hand is definitely real. And these, like I said, these go down deep. You know, they've done like, they've used like machinery or sensors to find out how deep that goes.


And it goes like 10 feet down deep into the ground. Like whoa. We Get that one with the rock on top of it. Yeah. That flat rock up there. Like what is that in the bottom right? Yeah. There's a lot of weird, weird stuff when it comes to, so if this is manmade, how fucking old is that? Yeah. Like how old is that? There's nothing else there. Just that wall. Yeah. Like, or maybe is there other, 'cause they didn't even know this exists. And I think it was till the nineties. Wow. It's a 96. 96. Yeah. So what other stuff is out there that people haven't uncovered that is covered with ground? It's another thing they're finding out about the rainforest. They used to think the Amazon rainforest was like these little patching tribes of people.


Well there's a guy that visited in the 15 hundreds and he said that there was like these crazy temples and these huge structures and cities with millions of people. And then new explorers went a hundred years later and they found none of these things. Mm. Because that fucking first guy probably gave everybody diseases and killed the entire continent. Which is nuts. Like probably killed everybody that lived in the Amazon. Like the Amazon at one. I was watching another documentary on this the other night. They found they use lidar, so there's lidar, they fly over it and they use these sensors to detect these structures that are deep in the rainforest that are covered with trees.


And they're finding all of these corridors and squares and things that seemed to indicate irrigation and structures and like, this is nuts. Wow. So there was like millions of people living in the Amazon and some dirty Europeans came over in the 1500 and gave them their cooties and they all died out. Yeah. Just Like what happened with most of the native Americans. Like most people think, like most people don't know, but the Native Americans, like 90% of the Native Americans were killed by disease. That 90% of the population died off by disease. Which is crazy. Yeah. Millions of people living this nomadic life in North America while the Renaissance is going on over in Europe.


Right. And these people are using flint arrowheads and Yeah. Nuts. They didn't even have horses. They didn't even have horses until the Europeans came over and brought 'em. The whole thing's crazy. Yeah, It is. That reminds and that's, so that's what I'm watching a lot of. That's that's your go-to. Yeah. I'm, I'm just absolutely fascinated by ancient civilizations. And then these mysteries like the, the, the pyramids and this, these structures they found under the pyramid. Have you seen that? Yeah. That's crazy. Like What is that? I've heard, I've, I've heard talk about it basically. I don't know if it's right. I don't know if it's wrong. I mean, I know some people think it's nonsense, but the, the, the researchers seem to think that they've, they've done multiple scans and gotten the same results over and over again and they're like, whatever these things are, there's pillars and there's spirals around the pillars And it goes deep into the ground and the whole structure's two kilometers deep.


Yeah. I heard, I think I heard you talking about then I heard that I thought it was fake. Some People think that it can't be real because there's a water table underneath the, the great pyramid. That's, that's what it was. But the question is, is it real? And there's a water table. Is this shit in the water? Yeah. Like is it, so are was, were these people so advanced, they built these insane structures two kilometers deep through the water. That'd be nuts. Because look, if they look it's nuts that they could make the pyramid. Yeah, I know pyramid. That still doesn't make sense. Itself is nuts. All the structures, the, the temple of Luxor, all that stuff is crazy. So if they could make that, why are we assuming that that's the pinnacle of crazy? Like the there might be crazier below the surface.


Yeah. That is like We haven't found yet. Right. Imagine if everybody thought that the most advanced buildings that were ever created were like buildings they built in Chicago in the 18 hundreds. You know? Wow. Look at this. This is a what craftsmanship boy. People had reached an incredible level of ability. And then someone stumbles upon the period and they're like the pyramid. They go, okay, wait. Yeah. What, what the fuck is this? Yeah, there's 2,300,000 stones in this. And they weigh between two and 80 tons and they're cut from a quarry hundreds of miles away. Some of them Yeah. Move through the mountains. Like, how? So That's crazy. And imagine we think, well this is the height of crazy.


Well, you go under the surface of it, below the ground and you go, what, what is this two kilometer deep structure? Yeah. That's even crazy. That makes that look simple. Right? It's, well then these people are just moving stones. How the fuck did they get it through the water? What I think of when I hear that is, could you imagine the hunting back then? Oh my God. Be fucking epic. Probably. But you have shitty bows. You didn't have a nice bow. Yeah. You didn't have a, a bow. Could you imagine? Yeah. If you had a sick bow. Oh My God. If you had a modern bow back then Yeah. There's two things that I thought of. But do you know when when bears get old, they get a crease in their, in their skull? Yeah. So it was like, when you're talking about that skull, I was wondering if it was age related.


I don't, I don't see how the lines would disappear, but I know. No, the lines wouldn't disappear. I know it. That's, that was the argument of this video that I was watching. Okay. See if you can find any of those elongated skulls of Malta. There was, this is a Whole bunch of stuff. Is there apparent, like an I'm seeing urban legend. They, it's been talked about 10 years ago. They were on display. They weren't on display. Yeah. But they're definitely not an urban legend. 'cause this was, I was watching an actual archeologist discussing these things and then there was a, an alternative guy that was discussing it, saying that the issue is with these lines in the skull don't exist in these skulls. But they were all admit that these skull, well there's different ones. This is ancient aliens. I'll get That. I'm just, I just Googled multi skulls. It's, That's all I just go with.


They're all, that's what I'm saying is there's different stuff that comes up all the way from Malta websites to talk about it. 'cause this is something that people would want to go see. Right. Let's click on that one. See if you, if they have any images on display, because like, this is accepted by actual archeologists that there's, 'cause human beings have been doing weird stuff with. So that's it right there. So you see how that skull has that line through the top? Most skulls have a line straight down the middle too. Yeah. That's how human skulls are. Mm. So this is weird. Yeah. These are now also, here's the thing. Could totally be a human that has genetic anomalies. Right? Like, there's these people in Africa that have, they call them ostrich feet people.


Yeah. They, there's this weird genetic anomaly that this whole village has where their feet, instead of having five, like a, a big toe and four little toes, they have like branched off like a, like an ostrich. Mm. Like, like it looks really strange. And that's real. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's totally real. And it's real today. It's, but it's a genetic anomaly. Mm. And it's been passed on through, you know, these people in this one tribe, in this one area. So it's like someone had it. They ga So it could be that. Right. It could be that, that skull looks weird. Yeah. 'cause these people were just born weird. Right? Yeah. You know, people, some people are born with giant noses.


Yeah. Some people have huge heads. Yeah. Some people are like seven feet tall for no reason. Big dicks. Yeah. Giant hogs. You know, it's like we've been, we vary afflicted with that. Yeah. Humans vary quite a bit. So it could be that that's why that skull looks that way. But it is absolutely fascinating. And one of the things that they keep finding is new versions of human beings, which is really weird. Mm. Like they found the Dennis Oovs, I think they found those in like 2010. And then there was, what is the recent ones, Jamie, that we were talking about that have the big heads? They're these bigheaded like not homo sapien, but like cousins of homo sapiens that they just found these like really recently, within the last few years.


They're like, okay, this is, we thought these were Dennis os This is a totally different branch. And so there's multiple branches of human beings that coexisted along with homo sapiens and Neanderthals for a long ass time. Yeah. Scientists may have discovered a new form of ancient humans known as large head people. So this is in December of 2024. Wow. The jut large brains ju wr large headed people. So they, they, they took like these skulls and tried to make like a, like a recreation of what they look like. And they look like these jacked looking, hairy cave people.


They look pretty badass. That's not her. She looks hot. She don't look anything like that. You wouldn't survive back then if you looked like that. No, I agree. See you can find like an image of what they recreated because the image looks pretty cool. I was So where does hunting videos fit in your YouTube algorithm? Oh, I watch those two. Oh, that's, I watch, you know, I watch all yours. Of course I watch a lot of different, I was watching Remy's, some of Remy's videos last night. That one in the, the one right there. Yeah. They, there's a video of one standing up. See if you can find images. There's one that we looked at before where the, the dudes are standing up and he looks super. Yeah. That's it. So this super jacked God, I would hate To See That guy out there.


Thick ass bones. Yeah. Like Neanderthals, like they were way different than us. They were way more jacked than us. He Looks like a beast, doesn't he? You had to be to survive. And he made an arrowhead. It looked like he had in his hand or something. Yeah. Something. You know, I mean, Neanderthals, they did art. You know, they made cave art. Some of the cave art they know for sure was Neanderthals and some of it's pretty different rendering. Whoa. That's what they looked like. Fred Flintstone kind of, bro. Those things would've fucked us up. Imagine that guy in the UFC. He'd be like, oh Jesus, imagine the guy on the right has to fight the guy on the left. Are you fucking kidding me? Not good. So this is like this big dense, it's kind of weird that we survived.


Especially if you look at some of those marathon runners. Like imagine those people survive while that thing's around those things. Probably eight people, like look at that's what they think they looked like. God fuck. Yeah. That's just, that'd be rough. Super dense, giant jacked human beings. Oh, that one in the corner. He was walking to the right far right. Keep, yeah. Look at that. Like, that's what they think they look like. Yeah. Fuck that. Imagine you walk through the woods, you see that dude there. That's, that's where fuck, what what is fascinating though is like, that's what I do like about the endurance stuff that we're doing, is those people do, imagine how far they can get in a day. Oh Yeah. Probably hundreds Of miles.


And so nowadays we're so far the other way. Yeah. Where if you, if you walk a mile, you've done something. Well you're eating everything in the middle of the supermarket and you're watching video games, playing video games all day. Some kids aren't even playing video games. They're watching other people play video Games. Right. That's what's like, it's pretty cool to think about. We're still making our bodies go say this 250 mile race. I mean, that's kind of cool. Yeah, It is cool. But back then they probably did that shit all the time. All the time. So we're we're built for that. Yeah. You know what I mean? They Probably had to Oh, of course they had to. I mean, but like human as humans as a species are built for endurance.


Yeah. So it's, that's what I like about those events. Right. It's like, this is what we're supposed to be doing. Well, persistence hunting. Yeah. You know, that's pretty crazy. Yeah. That would where you just chase an animal down. 'cause animals don't sweat and people don't. Right. So you can't outrun them in a sprint. No. But if you just keep chasing them, stay on, eventually they die. Yeah. Stay on 'em. And then you just stab 'em when they're out of breath and you eat 'em. You gotta be either an open country where you can keep eyes on 'em or be able to track 'em really well. Isn't that crazy that that was a strategy that humans employ just chase 'em until they run out of they can't run it. I think they Still do It. Yeah. I Think they still do it. I I bet that's where some of the best marathon runners come out of too.


Yeah. For sure. You know? Yeah. It's a, those, they're so good at tracking in Africa because of that. It's just like, they can stay on those tracks with no blood or anything because you know, that's, that's the name of the game. Keep your eyes on 'em. Yeah. Wear 'em out. That's what's always fascinating to me, how guys can just look at the ground and see footprints where I don't see shit. Yeah. And some guys that are just really good at it, man. Yeah. I mean, they can, they can follow tracks like a cross just solid rock. What? And it's just looking at little scuffs. They can see little scuffs from the hooves. That's crazy. Yeah, because I've, I've, I've been over there, you know, hunting quite a bit and I would sit just as you just said, like, what are you seeing?


And so I would ask them, it's, it's hard because they speak Swahili, so you gotta, it's hard figuring it out. But I was there for three weeks one time, so I kind of got dialed in. But, so I would ask, what are, what are we looking at here? What, what, what are you seeing? Or it's just how grass, grass will go a certain way. And then if it's not that certain way, it's because something made it, something pushed it out of the way. Even if it's just a little bit of grass. Yeah. Yeah. You just like look for these moments. The small little tells. Wow. Yeah. So it's like being, so that's another reason why I love the mounds. Love being out. It's just you have to be So if you're gonna be good at it, in tune with everything.


Yeah. You have to, you have to be sensitive to almost everything. That's how you can get within bow range of an animal and get it killed or find it after you've put an arrow in it. It's like you're just deciphering all this information. Yeah. Some people are good, some people are. But mostly it's experience related. Those people have learned in Africa have learned from the best trackers. There are. We haven't had to be that good here, but I've, I've wanted to, to develop that skill and just get better. But it's like, it's noticing the little, the minute details. Someone had a really good argument. Do you remember who it was, Jamie? Where they were talking about the invention of the bow and arrow. And they were saying the odds of this happening simultaneously all over the world are very unlikely.


And that what's much more likely is that someone developed that technology and was traveling. And that, when you go back to the earliest use of the bow, which I don't know when that was. Do you know when that was? Let's guess what, what would you guess? Oh, how many thousands of years ago did they figure out the bow and arrow? Oh, my 3000 I would say, I mean, it has To be before pyramids. Yeah. The pyramids are 5,000 or 4,500. That's the would be conventional. I mean, so many pe so many people think it's older than that. Let's say 10,000. 10,000 years for the bow and arrow. So that means that someone had to be traveling.


'cause like the Native Americans had it. The Polynesians had it. Like everybody had it. Right. The Africans had it. Like everyone had the bow and arrow. Europeans had it. When Was Mongolians? Oh, that was the 12 hundreds. The, the rise of Genis Khan was like the 12 hundreds. 12 hundreds to the 13 hundreds. Mm. Yeah. They had Crazy boats. Yeah, they did. They had 160 pounds Pole. They had legit bows. Yeah. They were fucking people up with those bows. Yeah. Those guys, they say that their skeletons were distorted. You know, like I'm talking about like, I'm, I'm trying to balance out my body because I'm pulling too much. Was The forearm would get. Yeah. Everything was jacked. Their shoulders, their back, everything was like toward torqued and twisted.


What was the, so let's guess, what did we say? I I Said 10, 10,000 years You said? I would say five. Okay. I believe what I just stumbled across is, the earliest people known to have used bows and arrows were the ancient Egyptians who adopted archery in approximately 2,800 bc. Okay. So roughly 4,800 plus years ago. Roughly guessing. So how does it get to North America? How do those people get it? So if the Native Americans, if we have evidence of human beings living in New Mexico 22,000 years ago, when did they pick up the bow? Who got it to them? Because by the time Columbus came in the 14 hundreds, they already had it.


So where'd they get it? Who taught 'em that? Yeah. Where'd they get it? Did they figure it out independently to put feathers as fletching and to put a Yeah. Look at that cool picture from Egypt. Wow. This Badass. That's crazy. Yeah. Right. So were the Egyptians traveling all the way to, to North America? Like, who? I don't know who Figured it out first. They had some sick stuff, but the, Do you remember who it was, Jamie? I Was looking, I was, I changed the question. I, so I went down the Other rabbit. It was a fascinating conversation. 'cause I never considered it until they brought it up. They said, I don't think the bow and arrow just, he goes, I think that's technology that was shared.


Which is a great argument for world travelers. Yeah. I was, I was way before Travelers. I was thinking, was our land bridges that we don't know about? I don't know. Well, there definitely was. If you go back 11,000 years ago, I mean, that's when people were walking across the bearing land bridge and Yeah. Michael Waddell. Oh, Michael Waddell. Was it him that was saying that? I believe so. Look, I'm wearing the same shirt. What is the odds? Well, you guys, I know you guys are talking about, you know, Pope and Young went over on the boats and took, remember they took tubs of arrows? Yeah. 'cause they're just slinging 'em And they're gonna be gone for like, what, seven months? Yeah. Yeah. And then Waddell had some great stories about talking to his wife about, Hey, I'm gonna go hunting and be back next year.


You know, because it's like so long of a boat ride. Oh yeah, man. Yeah. Yeah. Just the people getting in boats back then, it was so nuts. I, I just know that, you know, Fred Bear has that quote, the history of, of archery is a, his history of mankind. I always think of that. So as long as man's been around, we've had to kill the archery equipment is, Well it must have just completely opened up the door for having more kids, for being able to survive and feed your family. 'cause if you're just stabbing things, you gotta get so close and then you get an ada. Okay, how far can you throw that? Yeah. But then if you got a bow. Yeah. Like now all of a sudden all those fuckers over there are in trouble.


Yeah. You know, and they don't even know yet. They don't even know what they'll look out for. And it things whistling through the air. Contradictory information. Oh, what is this? The four waves of bow and arrow use in Northern America. North America. This occurred at 12,000. Whoa. 12,000, 12,000 years ago. Yeah. That's why I started going down this hole. And So it's pre, Is that 12,000 BC then? I don't know what Evidence. No. 12,000 years ago is 10,000 bc. Okay. I think they found Bose in different places. Whoa. But I don't, that's nuts. I don't know for sure. 12,000 years ago. Yeah. See the Alaska Peninsula. Right. So Again, so 12,000 years ago now it makes sense that people are walking.


So people from Asia could walk over. I mean, maybe it was made in Asia. Yeah. But 30,000. 30,000. I don't know what the evidence of that is. Subar Subar people first brought archery bow with them to North America from Asia 30,000 years ago. Wow. Okay. Just be the range of sub People, I guess. So 30,000 years ago, people were supposedly dumb as shit. And you know, like, how are they figuring out how to make a stick fly through the air with a string And kill thanks with it. And Kill things with it. Yeah. And hunt mongolian people with the first to adapt, adopt the bow in the southwestern region of what is now called the United States.


Whoa. Mon. Oh, Molan. Not Mongolian. Molan. I don't even know who they are. 2000 years ago. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Just after Jesus 30,000 years ago is nuts. That is. But it's like, how does that get all around the world? I know. It's really interesting because it's not like there's a bunch of different versions of it. Yeah. 'cause he, it said the physical characteristics of this bow are striking me in several respects. So it's like, yeah, There's no, it doesn't say what that is. That's a recurve. No, I just mean like when they found her. Oh, right, right, right, right. Yeah. I thought, I thought that. They were saying that no matter where they found these bows, they were all very similar.


Right. They had the fletching It, it goes to your point of how did that information get around the world. Right. How did they figure that out? Yeah. First recorded use of archery. Broder cooked quite early in human history. Images from the Paleolithic and Mesolithic cave paintings. 10,000 BC in Spain and France to pick groups of simple silhouette figures using the bow as both the weapon of combat and the hunt. See if you can find some of those images. Yeah. The meth Methyl Mesolithic. Yep. Cave. That's that one documentary. The Cave of Dreams. It's a Werner Herzog film. I think that's what it's called. Is that you down there?


It looked like it. Whoa. Isn't that sweet? That's crazy. Look at that one. Look at that one go at that, that one. That one right there. Whoa. That's crazy. 7,000 year old bow and arrow painting. God. Wow. That's what, you know, anytime I get those people in there for lift, run, shoot. And Wayne starts talking to him at the bow rack. He's just like showing him how to shoot a bow. And people are like, they get it and he's like, feels familiar. Right. He goes, because that's, that's what man's always done. Whoa. That's why it feels familiar. So it's like people who have never done it all of a sudden are like, Yeah. They're like, oh, this, this stirs something up in 'em.


It does resonate. Right? Yeah. It does resonate with your DNA in some Way. It just me. It's just, you can tell, You know what I tell people? It's like, it's like, you know when you catch a fish, like even when kids catch a fish. Yeah. I remember when my daughter caught her first fish. The excitement is genetic. Oh, oh, oh, you got one. Yeah. You got one. Because How, how do you know you're supposed to be excited? Right. Why are they exciting? Yeah. Why? Why is it exciting to catch a fish? Right. But 'cause it's programmed into your DNA from the time we were figuring out how to catch fish, that if you caught a fish, you get to live, you get to eat it. So you get a reward. Right. Your body gets excited about catching that. That's that same feeling. That's why people like when they can shoot something And it hits the spot.


Yeah. It's not like throwing a basketball through a hoop. That's kind of fun. But it doesn't have the same feeling. No. There's a feeling of archery when you hit something. It's like, oh Yes. Yeah. You see an animal, you're like, I wonder if I could hit that with my arrow. Yeah. You just wanna shoot at stuff. Yeah. Well I was at the zoo the other day. I was sending you pictures. I know. Yeah. I zoom on an animal's with a little Red Knot. I mean, I'm driving and I see horses, cows, whatever. And I'm like, I see cows legs forward. I'm like, oh god, I could get an arrow right now. Right along there. Perfect. It's just, that's just what you, you kind of program your brain to, to see. Right. But it's also like the same drive that leads you to run all these miles to be at your best.


And that also makes you concentrate on being accurate at archery all the, and thinking about archery all the time. If you don't, you won't be as good as you can be. If you want to be as good as you possibly can be. You have to kind of think about it that Way. Oh, all encompassing. Yeah. It has to all encompassing. Take over your fucking brain. Yeah. Yeah. Imagine if you can get those people from back then. You're like, let me show you some shit. I Would love It. This is called a hog father. I've Like, I've wanted to go over like there's, there's these people that have God, what tribe is that? That have an Instagram page? I think I've have, they were the red stuff I think in Africa. I think I've sent you that.


Yes. Yes, yes, yes, yes. I wanna go and hunt with them. So fucking mess Bad. Yes. Messai. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I want to go over there so bad and just hang out. They would probably freak out and they saw your boat. Like what are you Doing? I know when I went to Tanzania, they, I would just shoot at like, they'd put up like a A buffalo quarter. The Za Also do have the za too. Yeah. There you go. Yeah. That's the people that David Cho went over and hung out with. Right. That's, I thought, 2.3 million followers. Whoa. Yeah. That's not the one I was thinking. Interesting. Influencing. Yeah. There's an influencer. What's that lady doing there? The upper left lady. What's she doing with the hanza? Well, yeah, let's wrap this up. Cam. Yeah. Your book. Perfect title.


Undeniable. It is the perfect title. Really is. I mean, that's one of the things that we always talk about. Like you gotta be Undeniable. Yeah. It's a perfect, perfect name. I just think it, it, it captures what we're trying to, to do in life. Yeah. Yeah. What everybody's trying to do in life. If you're really trying to do something well, you know you're gonna have some haters. What's the best way to silence? Haters Win. Be Undeniable. Be Undeniable. So if you're talking shit, you just look like an idiot. You just look like a fool. Here's what I've learned. This is gonna be, this is probably gonna hit pretty hard. I know if you've ever heard this before, but it pays to be a winner. No, I Undeniable.


To me it's like the people I've had on, I've learned so much from, you're featured in the book, but it's like what makes people Undeniable? What allows people, regardless of what they do to rise to the top and it's, there's certain characteristics of each person and what it is. It's like they have this overwhelming passion for whatever they're doing. It's like that's all they care about. It's all they think about. Rocky, Marciano, Goggins, whoever. Whoever you know of. If you think of like a person's name doing something, they're under, they've Yeah. They're obsessed with whatever they're doing. Speaking of obsessed, I'm obsessed with getting something right. I don't think, I think the sagittal crest is actually the, the peak of the skull that gorillas have.


Hmm. I think I fucked that up. I think there's a different word. I was looking for a different word for those cracks in the, the skull. It's not sagittal crust. I think the sagittal crest is that thing that separates like what a gorilla skull looks like versus a chimpanzee skull. There it is. Yeah. That's the sagittal crest. Okay. That's that ridge bone. Yeah. So what is the, what are those lines called? Oh, it's a suture. That's right. That's right. That's what they call it. So there's a coronal suture and then there's the other one. Isn't that fucking heads are weird. Imagine that's a person I know how fucking weird that is. Good. See? See that weird. So that's what a normal person looks, I think. Got that weird line.


Oh, that's what, so it's peral foremen. So that's the sagittal suture. And then, then there's this other suture lambdoid. What's that other suture called? See that lambdoid on the left There? Yeah. Lambdoid suture. And the sagittal suture. Yeah. So that's what the sagittal is the line that they're missing. The one that goes up. The men that's look at that gorilla head and the lower right hand corner. Oh fucking cool. Gorillas almost have like a mohawk in their skull. 'cause they have these giant muscles for chomping on fucking roots and shit. And you would never, if you hit that fucker in the head, it wouldn't do anything. Oh, laugh at you. Have you ever seen they, there's a 3D image we could end with this because people always say, how many fucking people do you think it would take to beat a gorilla?


To beat a gorilla? Yeah. Well guess what? It don't, it literally doesn't matter. So somebody made like a a, you know how they do like recreations? Yeah. Like let's find out. And so they showed what would happen. I just sent it to you Jamie. They showed what would happen if a hundred dudes tried to fight a gorilla. Spoiler alert. A hundred dudes get fucked up. Look at this. This is what it would look like. Oh my God. Like the gorillas try to run. It just turns around and just starts fucking people up. Holy shit. Yeah. You got no chance. Could you imagine taking a big right from that thing, I would watch the first couple dudes take a right and I would take a left.


I would be like, see ya. I'm gonna outta, I don't think gorillas are gonna chase me. Som you Just gotta get his back. Nope. Can you, if he did grab, get on his back, he would just grab you with one arm and throw you fucking 50 yards. He would grab you and his grip would break your fucking rib cage. It would just, he would, his fingers would probably penetrate your skin and go right through to your organs. Hey, he's just fucking all these people up. Boom, Boom. That guy took a couple in a row. The rush has probably tried this already. Prob They probably already had. Look at this. All these other guys are like, oh, I'm gonna give it a shot. I'm gonna give it my best. It's all a pay-per-view. Yeah. Why are these guys still there? I don't know.


Because They're being forced. Look, he's running trying to little bitch ass hammer fist to hit that gorilla. It's, it's not. If you get your kind of bell rung a little bit and you're kind of dazed and then you're just standing there. Look how Far everybody flies too when he hits him. Boom. What? That would be a good one to end. End on. But here's what we really need to end on. Okay. Because last time Endure was like the number one seller and they put it number seven or something on New York Times. So we need, why was it we need, number one, we, we deserve number one. We should be number one this time. But you didn't get number one because of some weird shit. It's not because New York, the New York Times bestseller West, it Curated is an editorial.


Yeah. That's what's weird. If it, if it just goes based on sales, endure would've been up there. But they gave me number seven. So isn't that crazy that they, I just, just gimme what I deserve this tie. Why lie? Why you lying? I don't know if you're gonna have a top 10, why lie? You're a lying. You can't decide that this one's a top 10. 'cause it's made by a transgender person of color Is better. Is it? I don't know if it helps me to call 'em out or No, they're gonna fuck you no matter what. But America will know. But on Amazon, that's not curated, right? No. No. So that'll be legit. That Sales. That'll be sales That'll be legit. So that's the one that should count. But yeah, I mean the the whole point also, I wanted to also end on, I wouldn't have had the success with those books.


If not for you, if you wrote the Forward to Endure, it made the New York Times bestseller list, you know, as well as anybody. The next book, if you can say from the New York Times bestselling author of Endure that just makes the Next one definitely Helps. Next one go crazy. So without you, this wouldn't have happened. Well without you, you thank you. I would've never been bow hunting. So, And we wouldn't own Ry country. Yeah, we wouldn't known Archie country. Alright, let's bring it home. Endure. It's out now. It's out. May 6th. May 6th. No, no. Endure is out. Oh, excuse me. Undeniable. Undeniable. Undeniable is out May 6th. Today is April 29th. So wait a week on Tuesday. Did you do the audio version of it? I did.


Yes I did. Yes. It was tough. But people love it. Yeah, they do. They want it in your voice. It has to be. Yeah. It has to be in your Voice. Well, Joe, thank you. My pleasure Brother. I love you to death. You the best. Alright, goodbye everybody.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Whether you're building the perfect vegetable garden or booking your dream summer vacation, you share your information with all different kinds of people and places. But not everybody who handles your personal information is going to be as careful as you. And it only takes one mistake to expose it to hackers and identity theft. Maybe that's why there's a new victim of identity theft every five seconds in the United States. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a LifeLock US-based restoration specialist will help you solve identity theft issues on your behalf, guaranteed or your money back. Plus, all LifeLock plans are backed by their million dollar protection package, meaning LifeLock will reimburse you up to the limits of your plan. If you lose money due to identity theft, you can't control how diligent others are with your personal information. But with LifeLock, you can protect it. Act now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use the promo code JRE or go to lifelock.com/jr e for 40%. Off terms apply.