
Joe Rogan podcast, Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience Train by Day, Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. What's wrong with you? How, first of all, how did Netflix let you make this show? Well, they wouldn't have let me make it if I just pitched it to 'em. What did you Do? I made a few. I made a few and showed it to them. Oh my God. Because I, I knew, I knew that, that if we, you Can't give anybody like the script. No, no. The script won't work. The script won't work. I mean, that's just, that's the thing is like, it's Very funny.


It's Very funny. Thanks, man. It's so ridiculous. It's pretty ridiculous. You know, it was a few years ago that I made the, like the initial one. It was, I was on that crazy tour, that real crazy tour where it was like, you know, fucking 10 shows a week and I had a break coming up. And so I've always liked movies like features. Right. But it's, it's a lot, it's a huge undertaking to get a feature made. But I like short films. 'cause it feels like you're making a movie, you know, like a mini movie. Right, right. And it feels much more accessible to do so, I had written all these like, short stories, short films, and I called my friend Rami Osh, and I was like, Hey, I have a break coming up on tour.


Let's shoot a short film. 'cause we'd done other things before. And when I sent him, I sent him like 10 different scripts. He was like, what if we did three of these? I was like, how can we do three of them? He's like, we'll shoot like 11 days in a row and we can do three of these stories. And even then, I wasn't thinking of like having a television series. I was just like, oh, it'll be fun to make these, these stories. You know? And so after we shot those three, it was clear that we had like, like the, you know, the bones of a show. Like what if we, what if we did a, a show that was based on short stories, you know, like short films basically.


And I don't know, I, I, there's, there was another, there's another few that were in the original, and when I sent them in to Netflix, they were like, this is fucking insane, but like, we'll make six episodes of this. And yeah, they were just like, this is crazy. But it's, it's been the most fun I've ever had, dude. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Because You know what I was thinking about it, like, on my way in here today, I was like, sometimes you have to remind yourself, like of what your orig like your dream, like your original dream, you know? Yeah. And my dream when I moved to LA had nothing to do with standup. I never thought of standup. Not to say that I don't love doing standup today.


I, I, like, I, I'm in love with standup, but I moved to LA because I was like, oh, I wanna do movies. Like, that was my whole thing. I wanna, I wanna do comedy movies. And I had like my own blueprint for how I would do it. I was like, I'll go to the Groundlings. SNL will definitely hire me from there. Like, this is like my 21-year-old brain. And then I'll do that for a couple years and then I'll do movies. Like, I, I thought that was a logical game plan to, to, to end up in movies. And it just, you know, I did do the Groundlings for a while, the school, but when I was supposed to do writing lab, which was like one of their levels, I had started standup and I was just like, oh, this path is just better for me.


Like, I, I was getting traction. Not like my career wasn't moving, but I'm saying like, I could feel how much I loved it. And I was starting to get like 50 bucks here and there. And I was like, oh, it's not doing the writing lab thing. It's staying in the standup path. You know, like, that's kind of like interesting. But the dream of like, of doing something like movies, which is like, this feels like to me, like, they sent me to film school and they were like, make your fucked up movies. That's what it felt like. That's been like, I was, you know, I was working like 16 hour days doing this thing and I would come home and Christina would be like, I have never seen you so energized after working all goddamn day. She's like, you come home in the best mood.


Wow. I was like, yeah, 'cause I'm having fun. Like, I'm having so much fun doing this. You know, all That shows you're doing the right Thing. I think so. I mean, it was like, That is so uniquely you, it is. Right. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's our fucking text thread. Pretty Much. Is, there are some in here that I can't wait for you to see. Like, there are some in here that I literally cannot wait for you to see. She this morning, she goes, why is it called Bad Thoughts? It should be called Cock Thoughts. She's like, she's like, I swear there's dicks in like every other one. I'm like, yeah. She's like, dicks in violence. That's your, your wheelhouse. We need more of this in the world. Yeah. We really do the, you know, that, that show the, the religious show on Max.


Why, why am I not remembering it? Righteous, righteous gemstones. Oh yeah. Fucking A Yeah, man. Dude. Danny McBride. Yeah. He's fucking fantastic. Yeah, he's fantastic. The but the whole cast Is fantastic. The whole cast. Yeah. Yeah. The fucking show is so good. It's so funny. Goggins, Adam, divine, John Goodman. Oh yeah. Everyone's Amazing. They're all fantastic, But it's also so ridiculous. Yeah. It's like, thank god's, it seems like for a while people were getting scared of making anything offensive. I know. And it also feels like so many studios, networks, platforms, whatever you wanna call it, are like so distanced from comedy. Yeah. Like, it's like, comedy is like, it's Too dangerous.


It's Very like, well, It's weird as You can get away with so much and a drama. And a drama. You could have violence and theft and car accidents. Yeah. You can fucking kill people and rape people and steal all their money and, and that's okay. Yeah. For some reason. But like, there's something about doing comedy that's offensive or even potentially offensive. Yeah. The other thing is that there's the offensive angle. I also think that they really shit the bed on literally backing truly funny material like the com, so many studio comedies that, that are released.


The, the critic people are like, why didn't this work? Because it's not good. It wasn't funny. Right. It's not a funny comedy. But Don't you think part of that is because they can't take any real chances? Yeah. There, I think a studio is always, you know, the, like, if you strip everything down, it's somebody that has to have some risk in their job. They're playing with millions of dollars and saying like, this, this will make us money. Right. And so yeah. They, they start to get more apprehensive about it. The other thing is that the cost of some of these comedies, when comedies were really thriving last, which was I think like more than 20 years ago, some of these comedies started to cost like 30 million plus to do a comedy.


Really? Yeah. Because sometimes you had like huge stars and huge set pieces and you'd have these tropic pic thunder budgets. Yeah. Like real. And now some of them, like Tropic Thunder, I think did probably pretty well the box office, right? Oh yeah, sure. But a lot of them would not. And so it started to be like, Hey, You know what? We can make this, this starts. That's why you see the explosion of certain genres, right? Like horror really has had a huge uptick the last decade plus because people can produce 'em for 5 million, but they don't realize that you can produce great comedies for 5 million. Also you can, but you have to like, prioritize the material first. It's gotta be a great script and they gotta be willing to back it, you know?


And I feel like they just haven't taken those, those shots yet. Well, It's kind of a tremendous opportunity, right? Because of the fact that these big studios and these big stars are not doing those kind of films. Exactly. Like the door is wide open. It's open. 'cause the demand has never gone away. No. People want it. They wanna laugh always. I'm doing one this summer. Yeah. I'm doing a movie this summer. Yeah. What are you doing? It's a crazy fucking comedy. It's insane. It hasn't been announced yet, so you know how they are about that. But it's a, it's a wild r-rated comedy. Well, tell me about it afterwards then. Okay. Yeah. Haha. Everybody else. Yeah. No, I can't. I would love to talk about it, but, but I think we're, we're doing kind like what you're saying, which is like, we're, we're gonna go all in on trying to make this really funny movie.


And I, I mean, I couldn't be more excited about it. And I think it's, it's like it takes, you realize when you're, you know, you read it and you go, this is it. We kind of do, you know, some punch up on the, the script and then you just try to surround yourself with amazing comedic talent, you know, like great actors And just have fun. Yeah. I think that's like,


This episode is brought to you by blinds.com. Here's the deal before blinds.com. Getting custom window treatments used to mean booking an appointment, waiting around for a quote and crossing your fingers that it wouldn't cost a fortune. blinds.com absolutely disrupted the industry. These guys came in and flipped the whole custom window treatment game on its head. Wanna do it yourself? Cool. Want that full white glove treatment? They've got you. Maybe you're somewhere in the middle. Yep. Still got you covered. Shop completely online. Talk to one of their design pros for a virtual consultation. Or just get free samples and handle it your way. No matter how many window treatments you get, installation is one low cost with no hidden fees. blinds.com is covered over 25 million windows so they know what they're doing. Plus every order's backed by their 100% satisfaction guarantee. Memorial Day deals are happening now@blinds.com and JR. E listeners, get an exclusive 40% off your entire order. Just go to blinds.com and use the code Rogan 40 at checkout Limited time offer rules and restrictions apply.


This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. Speed Dating is an interesting concept, isn't it? Setting an allotted amount of time to get to know as many people as you can. It increases your chances of finding a good match. And there's not a whole lot of room for bullshit. You have to cut to the chase to find what you're looking for. Wouldn't it be nice if you had something like that when it comes to hiring for your business? Well, good news, their ZipRecruiter. ZipRecruiter has a new zip intro feature that helps speed up the hiring process, connecting you with qualified candidates faster. You can try it for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. As soon as you post your job zip intro will get to work. You could even be talking to candidates in back to back calls the very next day. All you have to do is pick a time and it'll start scheduling top talent for you to meet. Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with the new zip intro feature only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro post jobs today. Talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


That's Awesome. Something that's missing. That's so Cool. I didn't even know that that was your original dream and I've fucking known You forever. I know. Yeah. It was. I guess I was probably like, I kind of was resigned to That's not gonna happen too. Oh, interesting. You know, not like, I mean the other thing is like, dude, every time I'm out on the road, you know, I would get a call, Hey, they wanna see you for this part, or you got an offer to shoot this show or this. Like, here's the offer. And I'm like, yeah, I'm, I'm on tour. Like I can't move the fucking United Center. You know? Like they don't care. They don't care. And I'm like, They just want that piece. And I'm like, dude, I Can't because they don't get a piece of that United Center. I know. I'm like, I can't move all that shit.


But that's also, I realized that after years of that, it's like, well if I'm always touring, I'm just never gonna be able to do else Other people's Stuff. Yeah. And so it also kind of, I got excited about, you know, having the summer off and I could do something. And then my tour, the current tour I'm on will end in December and I'm leaving 26 wide open. Really? Yeah. I mean, just Gonna film stuff. I'm gonna Yeah. Film some stuff and then I'll still do like what I do, which is like go into your club or book some club weekends, which are kind of like low, you know, stress kind of things where you go like, Hey, I'm just gonna go work out. Yeah. So I'll, I'll try to keep the muscle fresh, but I won't book like a tour, you know?


Yeah. Yeah. It's good to take breaks. It is. Right. I'll tell You that. I took a big sort of a break. I've just been doing the club. How's a, Since I did my live special. Yeah. It's very nice. It's not, it's great having no pressure. So like I just talk about what I want to talk about and I write about what I want to write about. Yeah. Instead of going, I gotta put an hour together. Yeah. Because I have a tour in three months. Right. Like, I have to make sure this hour's tight. I have To, you just kind of take your time with it. And I think there's, there's something to be said for taking breaks with standup in particular because like, you don't want to just have tools that you use to do a job.


Right. You, you want to actually like, you have to kind of figure out what am I investing all my time in these subject matters? Yeah. What am I, what am I, what, what is like, what's interesting to me? And how much time is that gonna take to figure out what the perspective is where I could just say it on stage. Yeah. Because I feel like with a lot of comics, there's a thing happens where you get kind of like locked into a set and then you abandon that set and there's this mad scramble to come up with a new set. Yes. And a lot of times when you're doing that new set, it's not, you're not invested in it. It just, you know, You can make it effective.


Right. You know what I Mean? This kind of feels like filler. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know exactly what you mean. And the, the audience feels that too. I think they definitely do. Oh they do. They do. They do. 'cause I feel it as an audience member. Yeah. I know when someone's doing that and I go, oh, this is not, I'm not connecting with this at all. Right. But if it's something that You can tell the person wants to talk about. Exactly. It resonates. It hits different. Where's Actually interesting. That's the thing. It's like, you know, as I've gotten older, I've thought thoughts much more about standup. And I, there's a lot of, standup is kind of like unspoken. I think a lot of it is hypnosis. Really? Yeah. There's a weird thing going on and I, I get, I get it from like great comedians.


Like when I was a kid there was this guy named Frank Santos, the R-rated hypnotist. And he would go on stage and make people do stuff and like, you know, you're having sex with Madonna. It was really weird. Yeah. But there was a, a flow to the way his confidence or something about him. And he was also an actual hypno like, you know, hypnotize people to quit smoking and shit like that. Yeah. And there was something that he was doing where I was like, what is he doing? Like how is he, like what is this connection where it's just so funny. Like how is he getting into these people's heads? Like what is hypnosis? And then I see like a guy like AEL on stage when he's killing and I recognize something in, I'm like, he's hypnotizing us.


There's something that he's doing this effort. Oh, that's interesting. Effortless, effortless confidence and connection to what he's talking about. And great material also. So you give him the reins, you're like, oh, this material's so good. I'll give you the reins. Take my brain. Take My brain. Take my brain. Take my brain. And the rhythm of the cadence too. Yeah. Because he has a very particular cadence and you, you know, if you hang out with him or work with him like I did a few times, you start doing the cadence. A lot of people do start doing the cadence. Yeah. And I did that. I did that in like oh 5, 0 6 when I was like, he was on his show and his out, his first like killer album came out sks for the memories.


Yeah. I mean, I feel like I would be talking like to you like this and I'd get on stage, I be like, how's everybody doing? Like I would just start doing, 'cause it's such like a hypnotic type of cadence. Yeah. But theres always says that about like having babies. Like that's his babies. Yeah. Like David tell has a bunch of babies. Yeah. It's like a bunch of people that gave, he gave birth to their 100%. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's super normal. A lot of people have that, but it's in, it's interesting how that stuff works. That, that that, that there's a thing that's going on, which is why live stand up is so much better. Yes. Than standup on television. Dude, I also had this thing recently 'cause I'm on tour right now. I realized that like, man, it's funny how I could be, I could be like tired and being tired take, I go on stage in a different mindset and all of a sudden I'm like, wow, that was a way better set.


Like, I had the right amount of tired, not tired where I can't think, But more relaxed More. Yeah. And then, and then I get off and like my whole tour crew was like, that was fucking an amazing show. And I'm like, yeah. I feel like I was too tired to be like self-conscious or something. You know what I mean? Right, right. Like, like some, some, some of my self awareness went away, but like the right degree of it went away. Yeah. And then the show just Felt better and, and then you locked in with them. Yeah. I also like to tell myself sometimes if I remember that I'm best on stage, if I'm going on stage in a silly mindset, if I'm goofing off backstage. Yes. Fucking around.


You know? Yes. Making fun of somebody that's like in my crew or something, I don't know. You know, like, oh for sure. Dancing in the green room. Like just silly that that mindset walking up on stage is like the best one to go on stage with. That's why I used to love working with Joey so much. Yeah. Because all two things. One, Joey would make me laugh. Like while he was on stage, I'd be waiting to go on stage instead of thinking about my material and going over everything with a fine tooth comb. I'd just be laughing and then I'd go on stage Laughing. And that's, that, that's the thing is that's an unspoken thing that the audience goes like, there's joy coming from this person. Yes. Legit. You know, they feel the joy Legit. Yeah. Legit. They really do. Legit because like, there's nothing grosser than fake laughs.


Yeah. When a comedian does the fake laugh thing. Oh yeah. It's fucking gross. Yeah. It just like when, you know, they've said that's fucking same joke the same way. Yeah. Every night with the same laugh. Yeah. Like, You're tricking me. You're tricking me. Yeah. You're Tricking me. You're a Hooker's. So manufactured, you know, you know, it's so calculated, Which is fine. I mean, do whatever, do whatever you want. But it's like there's, there's a thing that comes with that that's like, okay, I'm never gonna be fully locked in, but maybe I can just appreciate this for, you know. True. Like I'm watching a sitcom. Yeah. You know what I Mean? And then there's also nothing as fun as genuine laughter on like if Oh yeah.


If something really makes you laugh while you're doing a set that's the most fun. Oh, for sure. And that becomes contagious. Yeah. It's like, that's why the bits work so good when you first start doing them. Yeah. And then sometimes they die off. Yeah. 'cause you're getting tired of it and you're not laughing anymore. Yeah. Whereas like, there's certain things like at a subject when you first start talking about it, where you're, you're like, what the fuck is going on? How is this a real thing? It's so funny. 'cause we were just talking about how there's certain bits where you, it kills like it kills. Right. And then over the next few months it dies. It dies slowly. Yeah. And you're trying to do the math.


You're like, what am I saying it different? Am I like, am is you just go listen. Right. Did I miss a beat or something? Did I miss some connective tissue? Right. What's going on? And it just like, by the end you're like, no, it's fully dead. It has died. I don't know what happens. You just gotta be able to accept that they're dead. Yeah. That's such a funny thing though. That happens. I have a bunch of bits I call orphans or I have a file of orphans. Oh. Like They Just, they're all bits that just never made it onto a special. Yeah. Like someone comes up to me like every now and then, one of my friends would come up to me like, do you do that fucking, is that on anything? I was like, that one's just an orphan. It's an orphan. Yeah. It's just floating around. It doesn't fit with anything and it's all so fucked up. And sometimes you like, you ever try to bring those back? I brought some back. Yeah.


That didn't make it. And sometimes they get new life. Yeah. And then sometimes you're like, oh, there's a reason why I didn't carry This one out. You know, when they pop up is bottom of the barrel. Oh yeah. From show bottom of the, it's the best show the bottom of the barrel. Every now and then I'll pull something out and I'll go, actually Yeah. I have a Fucking ancient bit on this. Yeah. That I can, if I can kind of remember it. That's the other thing is your memory starts to, on the old stuff you go, My memory's gone on my last special. It's gone. That's the, that's the best thing that can happen. Yeah. Yeah. Oh Yeah. It's gone. I get called out to, you know, do this bit and I go, I, I honestly don't remember how it goes. Yeah. Like I'll start it and then I'll forget. Right. You wanna do it. Yeah. And then some they'll know it, they'll know it better than you and you're like, oh yeah, I Don't remember.


Yeah. Sometimes that's good. That would be funny if they did it, they acted it out. It's pretty fun. Yeah. Because there's certain bits, like they just leave your mind. It's like, I'm done with this. But Did you, did you like any of the acting stuff? Because I know you don't have any interest in doing it anymore, but did you enjoy it? Yeah. Yeah. News radio was really fun. That was fun. A fun Job. Yeah. It was fun. I, I didn't mind doing it. It's just I didn't like it as much and I didn't like the time commitment that these, these, I mean, I don't sound, sound like I'm complaining. Oh, he is acting so hard. But it's like you're working these long ass days. Yeah. And as a person who likes to do a lot of different things Yeah. That becomes a problem. And you were on a multicam. Exactly. Imagine if you were on a single cam Way harder.


That would've been, single cams are crazy. I had friends that are on single cams, so I was like, oh my God, how are you doing this? They were working six days a week and they would work at like 12, 15 hours a day. Yeah. Like, this is so crazy. Like, I like to do a bunch of stuff, man. I like to do JI Jujitsu. I know. I like to play pool. Are you rolling again? No, no. I'm still injured. Yeah. I'm still dealing with some small, it's a lot better now. Lower back issue and a little bit of a knee issue. But that's Pretty good too. Did I tell you how pretty close my little guy quit Juujitsu. Why? Why'd he quit? It's the funniest thing. They both go, both my boys go and we, we take them in and my youngest is like, this is my last one. He's six.


And I goes, you're last one. He goes, dude, my schedule is crazy. I go, I go, what? He's sick copying his dad. Yeah. He's talking like me and he goes, I have a full plate. And I go, you have a full plate. He goes, I go kindergarten, I got Spanish, I do drums, I don't have time for this. That's Hilarious. And then he told the instructor, he told the, the guy in charge. I was like, tell him. He goes, I won't be coming back. I have a very full schedule. And so that guy kind of like smiled and he goes, well what do you have? He goes, I told you kindergarten drums, Spanish. I don't have time to do everything. He's Six six. And I go, yeah. Is this the one who calls you Tom?


Well, they both did for a while, but yeah. So he goes, but the, but the instructor was great. He goes, okay, okay. He goes, well in life you have to be strong. Right. And Micah goes, yeah. He goes, it's not an option. And he goes, yeah. He goes, so if you have to be strong, then you have to do this. And my kid's like, yeah. He goes, the instructor goes, so I'll see you Thursday. And he sticks out his fist and my, my kid goes, I told you I'm too busy. I love this Year. And so he hasn't gone. But this is the thing about kids is like, he hasn't gone now in like a month.


And then now he's like, Hey, I wanna go back to Jiujitsu. I'm like, of course. So of course. And also his older brother is doing very well. Ah, that's a problem. He's this Motherfucker and he got, he got a new belt, you know, and, and he's my older brother's, like fucking him up and talking mad shit all day. Takes his shirt off every day. And he goes, I'm gonna be so fucking jacked. So he's like, oh shit, I gotta get back in there. That's hilarious. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta hedge your time. Like you have to figure out like, what do, what do you want to do? You Are the mo you are the most insane in my book. For a person who does the most different things.


'cause you are, you're highly proficient at archery, juujitsu, shooting, pool, fitness, this shit stand. Like that's a lot of different things to be like very good at. Do I have to pick my spots? Yeah. You know, because I'm a obsessive person. Right. So like, I have to like, that's why I don't fuck with golf. That's why I don't fucking with Video games. Fucking golf will get you dude. Video games will get me. I stayed away from video games for 20 years. About about 20 years. And we got a console. Oh, well here's the thing. I actually found that I am busy enough where I, in my brain, I can go. Yeah. I can't, I can't, I can, I can do 20 minutes on certain days and get like a little dopamine kick from it.


Like have fun. But most of the time I walk by it and I go, I wanna, I got out, have time to play. I just, my problem is if I put that 20 minutes in turns into I'll be up till five in the morning. Yeah. I'll go, I don't need sleep. I just won't work out tomorrow. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. It just, I'll just show up half in the bag. I'll eat a lot of creatine and I'll be okay. So my brain works. Yeah. Do you know to do that? Yeah. I started doing it every day. Yeah. Yeah. But that's a really big one for sleep deprivation. Really? Yeah. There was some sort of study where they showed that it completely diminishes the effects of sleep deprivation. If you take, I think it's 20 grams, I think 20 grams of creatine. Something crazy like That. I've been doing that. I have a whole new sleep protocol I'm doing. Oh, A sleep Protocol with like I'm saying a bunch of peptides and shit.


Yeah. Oh, I just ordered an ora ring to track my sleep. That's good. Do you have the try that pineal peptide? No, I haven't. I heard about it. You were telling me it really ramped up your REM sleep. Fucking awesome. Yeah. Yeah. Nice. Yeah. Anything for more sleep? I'm into, man, I tell you what really affected quality sleep. No drinking. That really affected my sleep a lot. Really? Oh yeah. Yeah. Were you don't drinking a lot? Not a lot. Not like Burt levels, but like last time I was sober I was with him. We were all, it was like, it was a great table. It was like Taylor Sheridan. Oh yeah. And his wife. My wife was there, Bert and his wife David Goggins and his wife. Oh wow. And then a bunch of my professional pool player friends.


All that's a fun table. Oh, it was fucking phenomenal. Yeah. We had so much fun. We all had dinner together after the UFC fight and Bur is just throwing back martinis. Yeah. And I was like, oh, I definitely made the right choice. Yeah. I definitely made the right choice. He did. Like, I'm watching him, he's slowly turning into a human grape in front of my eyes. He's fucking red in face. He was hilarious. He was, he was. I'll tell you that at the table, we were having a lot of laughs. Yeah. But I was like, this, He can knock him down, dude. He can really knock him down, bro. He found out we were leaving. So he ordered two more to down on the way out the door. He just downed two martines hold up more like just down these martinis on the way out the door.


I'm like, this is fucking preposterous. It's preposterous. And then I talked to him and he goes, I got all my blood work done. Perfect. Everything's perfect. I know. I was like, how's that possible? He always says that. And I saw Somebody comment the other day On our podcast. They go, the documentary About Burt's doctor Who says blood work is perfect, is gonna be unbelievable. It's a complete charla. It's gotta be dude. It's gotta be Dirty lab coat with a fucking mouse in his pocket. Like Some crazy guy. It's be complete lunatic. He was like, you're great. Oh my God. That's funny. So Funny. That's so funny. Yeah. He last, we had dinner and he was like, wine.


Wine. He went wine. And I was like, I'm good. And he's like, we'll do a bottle of wine for the, and nobody had wine so he just Dumps the and his glass. And you can drink it in Like five minutes. It's crazy. It's, it's Bizarre. It's, well, it's obvious. Like it's gotta be an adaptive thing, right? Like running is Yeah. If you run, never, You can't run a marathon. Right. But if you run a lot, You can run a marathon. Sure. You get used to it. Your body gets accustomed to putting in the miles five before work every day. You know, we always talk about that freak show shit he has in him. Like he's Freaky. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. He's freak. Yeah. We, we did the, the 5K in, in Tampa.


We had like 8,000 people come out this year. It's crazy. That's amazing. And so many people that are like, you know, making Look at that. Yeah. Making leaps. By the Way, how good does jelly roll look? Dude, do You know what in he's Down in 200 pounds. Yeah. And from last year, one 30. That's Amazing. And he's like, I wanna lose another a hundred. That's Insane. So what's he at now? He's at three 40, So he wants to get down to two 40. Wow. He wants to get to two 40. He's a big guy for him. Two 40 is probably right. Yeah, it's probably, and and I, by the way, we were talking before he got there, the 5K had, it was in Raymond James Stadium where the Bucks play. So I was like, well how are we mapping out 3.1?


Well, the only way to do that in a, a venue of this size is you had to like, use every, you know, square inch of the place. So they had us go up the ramp, like if you're gonna go up to the top, you, there's a ramp that goes up, it's nine stories up of Oh. All incline boy. And then you go across, then you go down and you go up again. Oh. A lot of, of Incline. Like half a mile plus of incline. Right. Oh. So before Joey gets here, I'm like, I don't know if he can do this man. You know what I mean? Like, he's a big guy still knees cardio all this shit. Right. Dude, he fucking smashed it. That's incredible. He did, he did great. Did He hire a trainer? Like how was he, what is he Doing?


I think some people, He got rid of his phone. I know he has like a flip phone that like, doesn't even like that You can, I don't know if You can get texts on it. So Yeah. He, He just chucked his phone out. Yeah. Apparently like all the years of drinking, he just gave his phone number out to so many people. He was like, fuck it. And then decided instead of getting a new number Yeah. Which is what you should do. Yeah. He's like, I'm just no phone. Fuck it. That's fucking awesome, by the way. It's crazy. I love, like, I used to panic when I left my phone behind. Now when I forget my phone, I'm like, oh, it's gonna be a great day. Like, I left my phone off. I'll get it later. Like, I'm just, I feel fine. It's a great feeling. Yeah. Yeah. We're all prisoners. We are totally prisoners. We're prisoners. And it's gonna get worse. Oh, this is the thing I wanted to tell you.


So some of the Bucks players came out, the offensive linemen. These are absolute beasts. 6 5, 6 6, 3 30, like just fucking giants. They're gorillas and we're doing all this silly competition stuff. Like, we hit the, the golf simulator, throw a fucking spear into like a bale of hay. And then they're like, oh, we need one more thing. So we have a beer stein holding contest. So it's says, Oh, Burt won that. Yeah. He, He beat fucking all pro. He's been hold that's like, come on man. But look at these fucking, it does not make sense. It does, it Does make sense.


But you still does, like, Those skinny guys can throw a baseball a lot faster than these dudes. It's just crazy to me though. Like I, not to me, the upper Bodies on these dudes, I'm like, nah, they're, they're these guys are, yeah. He's gonna win. He's used to holding beers. Yeah. He's used to holding drinks. I couldn't do it. I tapped out like my arm just gave out. And then look at him. He's still smiling. Oh yeah. He had nothing wrong. That's insane. Yeah. And then, yeah, they, they slowly fell. I bet if he did his left arm it would fall off. I bet he literally wouldn't be able to. He's been holding up drinks so long. Yeah. Also like toasting crowds for so long. Look at this. Yeah. He beat everybody. He should hold out and just humiliate them after he is done.


Just keep going. Oh, he held it up after he was done. That big guy looks like he's ready to, ready to break. He gave up. Yeah. And he just look at, Bert didn't even Look at this. Yeah. Just insane. He's a like, got incredible genetics. Yeah. Like he wanted to be an athlete. He'd be an incredible athlete. Yeah, I think so. If he was like super dedicated to it. Yeah. Yeah. He's just trapped, trapped in booze. But it has also made him very rich. So I was like, I don't know what to say. Yeah. Working out just like I love him. Yeah. You know, I don't want him to change, but I do. I mean, I want him to be healthy, but like, like when we first started doing sober October, it was essentially just 'cause we were worried Bert was gonna die. Yeah. You know?


Yeah. Well he's still here. I mean, the first one was the weight loss thing. You know, blood works Perfect. Yeah. Yeah. It's nuts. What's that? What type of resistance is that? I don't know. I think it's like a hundred And something. A hundred and something. Yeah. Ooh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I've, I'm obsessed with, you know that squeeze machine? Yeah. You know the thing. Oh yeah. That measures your grip. Yeah. I got 161 and I want to get one 90. Oh, so you're training for it. Yeah. You have one here? No, Franklin I think we do. Yeah, we do out there. Yeah. Out in the hallway. But we do at the club. The club. And so when the club, when I first did it, I think I got 1 47. I was like, well this is bullshit. Yeah. And then I got, and then I got up to 1 61 without these things.


I bet. Just from working out a lot. I bet David has a crazy grip strength. Which David Lucas. Oh Yeah. He's Big guy. Big hands. Big hands. Jamar has one. Jamar neighbors. I think he got 1 67. Damn. Damn Jamar Strong. That's Crazy. You See, you've seen him with his shirt off. Jacked. Jacked. But you know, we've had some like big dudes come in there and do it. I don't know who's got like the record on that thing. Record's gotta be The UFC had a bunch of guys do it and I, I forget who had the highest, but I think, I think Alex Pereira was like 180.


He was up in the like He's a big fuck. I didn't realize how big he, I didn't realize because you know, TV's so deceptive. Oh yeah. He's big. And then I saw somebody I know standing next to him and I was like, holy shit Was Oliveira 97. Oh, that's crazy. He didn't even try. Oh, they're also doing their left hand. Michael Chandler one 13. What? He right hand? No, he is doing his right hand. He did. Are you doing your opposite hand? 'cause Paul Craig, I think is a lefty. 1 26. He left hand Bo Niel. He's a lefty too. So they're doing their opposite hand. They're doing opposite hand. What's his 1 53 Wman s Strong as fuck. Lemme see what he's got. 1 53. Steep a's huge.


What's he got? He's in the left hand here too. Yeah. Fireman Strength. He's a big fucking dude though. 1 31. Wow. That's crazy. Other Hand. Other hand. 1 0 4. Oh wow. Oh Jesus Christ. Second attempt 1 55. All right. So higher. Great. I'm stronger than all those bitches. There you go. Fuck. Yeah, but I'm trying to get to 1 91 Ninety's crazy. I think this is like one 15 or something like that. I forgot what It is. Some of those squeeze up bitch and fucking Hold it. Those arm wrestling guys. Oh yeah. They have freaky forearms And grip strength.


Oh yeah. I was watching this one guy who's a climber, who's a professional climber. Oh, when they do this? Yeah. He has this basement gym. I might have saved a video, but I think if you find it on YouTube, it's like, I've never seen strength like this. This guy has calves growing off of his Yeah. Forearm bone. It's like a calf. Yeah. And he's doing one finger chin. I've seen it's, I don't understand it With like a, a centimeter of hold. Like it's the, the the tiniest little lip that his finger's resting on and he's pulling his whole body up the sky. But I mean, he is doing the same thing. Yeah, but look at that. That's crazy. It's not this guy. The other guy is like super jacked.


His, his forearms are at least, he's not like bodybuilder size, but the musculature is crazy. I saw one of those guys who I guess is in the rock climbing, mountain climbing world. He's considered one of the best. Yeah. That's the guy. That's the guy. So this guy does a bunch of freaky shit. What is this dude's name? Magnus. Oh Yeah. Look at, look at the fucking, look at that one arm thing. See that the size of the grip. Yeah. Look how fat that grip is like doing a one arm chin up is crazy. Look at his back, dude. It's crazy. But doing a one arm chip look at the size of his fucking forearms. Yeah. Doing a chip is crazy. But a one arm chin up with a fat grip like that is off the charts.


Nuts. Yeah. Like his strength must be insane. And but you look at him like right there, like his neck and everything. He doesn't look like that strong of a guy. Right. It's very deceptive because with, with climbers you can't have, you don't need traps. You can't have like excess stuff. So everything is very like, look at his forearms, look at his grips. But look, the size of his fucking forearms when he's doing that is crazy. See if You can isolate when they, when he was doing that with his forearms,


the NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And it's time for all the high stakes drama, clutch moments and jaw dropping plays. I can't wait. If you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting, Draftking Sportsbook has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the play-in games all the way through to the finals, now's your time to back your favorite players and teams as they chase glory. All season long DraftKings has been the go-to spot for NBA player props. And that doesn't stop. Now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Ready to place your first bet. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app now lock in your bets and let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's something special for first timers. New DraftKings customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the draftking Sportsbook app and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino in Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkng dot co slash audio.


Is he the one who went with, who did a workout with Larry Wheels? Did you ever see that? No. That's a different guy. That's, but yeah, I've seen that too. You've Seen that? Yeah. I think it might be that guy. Might be. Yeah. I think it's a, yeah, I've seen him on YouTube for a while. Is it? Yeah, But and he's blown away by The, by this guy. This guy. And it is like mountain climbing. If you think about it, just the amount of reps that you're p picking your body weight up and holding like gymnasts. Like who's more jacked than the guys who do the rings? No, they're super jacked. Like look at his forearms. Look at the back up a little second and just freeze it. Look at, freeze it right there. Yeah. Freeze it. Look at that left fucking forearms. Yeah. That's crazy. That's nuts. There's A split in the muscle.


That's a calf. Yeah, it's A calf. That's a calf. That's a like a strong calf. And this is like a big endorsement for calisthenics basically, right? I mean isn't it Calisthenics are huge. Yeah, they're huge. It's a big part of my workout. Really? Oh yeah. I do a lot of calisthenics. I do, you know, I still do the a hundred pushups every day and the a hundred body weight squats. But I do chin up dips and LL pullups, you know, like So you're like with a close grip with the legs extended. Yeah, I do all those Really? They're huge. Yeah, it's, it's, you wanna be able to And you know thing a lot. I do, I do hang from a bar like this where I swing my toes up and I touch the bar. So it's like really works Your core too. The core.


That's like being able to manipulate your own body weight is crucial. Crucial. Yeah. 'cause those gymnasts are like, you're like some of them like I've never touched weights. I'm just doing this shit all, which is nuts. And they have But it's not time efficient. Yeah. 'cause they're doing that hours. Their muscles are like that because they're doing, you know, eight hour sessions. But you can get a lot done with your body with just dips and chin up A lot. Dips are incredible. Yeah. So good. I mean that, that was like, I think when Arnold would talk about chest, he was like, that's, that was like the, the, you know, the cherry on top for the workouts was doing. He's like, we always would do dips for this. And you could, And you could do weighted dips too.


Yeah. Dips are so easy to do with weight or throw a chain over your neck or put a weight vest on or something like that. Yeah. That's another thing I found like just a 25 pound weight vest where it doesn't feel like anything when you're wearing it. But when you do stuff with it on like chin up and pull ups, like holy fuck makes it giant Different. So different. And then when you take that thing off you're like, oh man. Right. So imagine being 25 pounds too heavy. Yeah. And then imagine being jelly roll. So jelly roll is walking around 200 pounds too heavy before. Yeah. At least. At least. So it's actually 300 pounds. Right? Right. 'cause he wants to lose another hundred. Yeah. So imagine just carrying around everywhere you go you got a squat rack. Like a Like a real bar.


Yeah. Stuffed with plates and you're just carrying that through life. Yeah. That's what they're Doing. That's cra That's why those guys fucking lower bodies are always crazy when they lose weight. Oh, Ralphie may used to have the biggest calves in the world. Yeah. His legs were like carrying that Tree trunks. Oh my god. Yeah. Just carrying around that body all day. That's nuts. If they, and if they trim down enough, the quads are still humongous. Yeah. If Burt lost weight, he would get weaker. But you do get weaker when you lose weight. Yeah. I mean that's, that's a fact. Yeah. That's always part of it. Mass moves mass. It's Also like to lose weight, to lose body fat. Your body has to think something's wrong. Like it's very difficult to maintain mass.


Like maintain muscle mass while you're losing fat. It's hard. Yeah. That's hard. You gotta be real careful with everything. Yeah, that's true. And you gotta try not to lose too much weight too quick. 'cause a lot of people with we losing weight, like a lot of people become food addicts and then the addicts act like addicts. And you start thinking, all right, I gotta lose it all to right now. Yeah. And so you starve yourself. That's not the way. And you just work out eight hours a day and well, you're gonna lose all your muscle too. Everything. You're gonna lose everything. And you're probably gonna get injured 'cause your body's gonna like hate fucking idiot. Yeah. And then like get back. Give you that tendonitis. How about a little back bulge? And how about a fucking sore knee? Yeah. How about plantar fasciitis? Slow the fuck down.


Your body tries to figure out a way to slow you down. Yeah. Slow. Slow and steady is the way for sure. Yeah. Yeah. It just sucks. Yeah. You know, you want to get, if you've realized you fucked up, it would be nice if you could just get better quick. Like, oh, I know I Just, I got a month before summer and I'm 50 pounds overweight. Fuck. Fuck. I wanna lose another six pack. 10, 15 right now. What Do you wanna do to do it? Just dial in. You know, it's really about consistency. I feel like with me, right? Like my window for when I go, oh shit is just so much smaller than it used to be. So right now I'm like, oh, I've slid a little bit. I've been on tour, I've been doing all this shit. I just have to tour. It's hard. Right. It's hard because like I'm working, fuck it cheeseburger.


Let's eat Sometimes. See pizza, Let's, It's that. Sometimes it's also just that like, you know, I get into this rhythm of the way I'm eating and training at home, which is pretty good. Yeah. And then you get out there and it's like, fuck, you know, we got on three planes and you're just tired. You just don't do it. Yep. And then, yeah, you just order whatever to eat. So you just feel it like slowly come apart. But I feel like I, I'm also at a place where I know if I, if I dial in my diet and, and make sure I stay on top of like the training, I can shed this 10 pretty Yeah, You've done it before. Yeah. You did it pretty, pretty well. You know, you figured it out. And then you also have muscle memory now.


I think it's hard when you're traveling because you know, you're just, anytime you're traveling your energy level goes down. Yeah. It's like you gotta figure out things to mitigate that energy level going down. And then counterintuitively, the best way to do that is to work out. Yeah, I know. Which Doesn't seem like it makes any sense 'cause you're tired. I don't wanna work Out. A lot of times we do the land and lift. Gotta do that like Right. Land and go. Yep. Land and go land and go. But it is crazy how I do a lot of three day, three, four day weekends, you know, for tour. Man, a lot of times on that third, fourth day you're like, you're in your third or fourth city and you're like, fuck, I am wrecked today. Just like another plane, another time zone.


Taking A lot of vitamins. I think I take a pretty good amount of vitamins. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's important too. Yeah. Take a lot of vitamins and then it's just hard to be strict with your diet when you're on the road. But the big one is alcohol. I'm lucky in that regard. 'cause I'm not a big boozer. Yeah. I don't know how Bert does it. I started eating these David bars. Oh, those Are great. Those are Great. Yeah. I Think Peter t is involved in that. Right? I don't know if he, maybe he is. Yeah. But those are, they're delicious. They're great. Boy, they make you fart. I love farting 28, 28 grams of protein. 150 calories. Yeah. No sugar. They're Great. Yeah, It's great. Yeah. There's a bunch of good options now that You can bring with you on the road.


If you could hungry. Keep you from eating Bullshit. From eating bullshit. That's all. I'm trying. Like sometimes I go like, oh, it was great. Today was a great day. And then it's just dinner, so you're just like, just don't fucking ruin your day. Have you ever had carnivore snacks? Do you know what that is? No. The carnivore snacks Ribeye is my go-to. I bring that on the UFC broadcast. Like I give 'em to Daniel Cormier and me, we eat them. It's like sliced ribeyes that are just dried, but it's got the fat on it. It's good. Yeah. You don't feel guilty at all. Like if you're hungry, need a snack. Open 'em. It's just meat and salts. Perfect. Perfect snack. Not, and the Company's called carnivore. Yeah. Carnivore snacks.


Snacks with an X. But it's not like, it's not jerky. It's like they, they describe it as like meat pastry. Yeah. It's good. Good snack food. I like it. Yeah. Just to keep from going off the rails. That's all you're trying to do. That's like I'm trying to do is just mitigate the damage of the day. Right. Have I have A whole folder on my phone saved up of food that I really can't eat. Really? I just, where look at restaurants like, oh. Oh. What do you miss the most when you are trying to eat healthy? Italian? Italian food. Yeah. Italian food. Pasta, Right? Yeah. Pasta and crazy sandwiches. Oh My God. We went to Carbone. Oh, in New York. Yeah. They got one in Vegas now too. I Know. I think they've actually had the Vegas one for a while.


It's, it's so good, dude. It's so good. So good. That rigatoni with vodka sauce And it has a little kick. They put a little spice in it. Oh, It's good. It's so good. That's, it's Tough to beat Italian food. It really Is. Really Is. It's tough to beat it just for pure, Ugh, that pleasure of Ugh. Just Overt stuffing yourself. We were, we were there for last summer. It was like every day. Yeah. You know, and the thing is, I didn't like blow up. No, no. I thought I would, I mean, I'm sure I gained a few, but I, I thought I was like, oh, this is gonna be fucking terrible. But it was, I think a big thing there versus here is portion sizes.


Mm. You know, like there's no such thing as, they don't go, here's your pasta, here's a fucking bowl like this. Right, right. You know, it's like, It's, well I think in Italy the real thing is the food's different. Yeah. I think our food is poison. It's so bad. Right. I mean, I saw, oh my God, I saw this lady on your show. I saw a clip talking about all these health epidemics, like the full run of stats where she was like one and two for cancer and this and that Was it. Cali means She was a, that I think she was a doctor. Right? Is she a doctor? Yeah. Well, I don't think she finished her doctorate or her medical school training because I think she got to the position where she realized that most metabolic diseases are being caused by food.


But that's the thing is like, yeah. That's the big takeaway I think from that is like, you had this conversation with, you know, I had with people all the time who travel abroad and you're just like everything in Japan was fucking amazing. Yeah. The food. And then you look at their longevity, which is like record breaking. And you know, when you compare it to most of the world, Definitely compare it to ours. Definitely compared it to ours. Like, Yeah, we have the worst health stats in the western world. Well, Why? It's our food. Why? But because it's all like, because Car corporations Yeah. Because corporations profit off keeping you fat and sick. So the best way to make money from food is to get you addicted to food that they can sell you.


So they sell you a tremendous amount of cheap, shitty food that has a bunch of preservatives and garbage in it. Yeah. So it's, you know, potato chips and all sorts of different snacks and all sorts of different things. And then you have your en enriched air quotes, flour, that's got a bunch of shit poured into it, and it's a bunch of complex gluten in the grains. And then you have glyphosate, which other countries have banned, but we use everywhere. And 90 plus percent of people have glyphosate in their blood and they test it, which is Roundup, that chemical pesticide herb. We have herbicides that kill your fucking endocrine system. We have like, we're poisoning ourselves.


It's really sad. We're, you know, we're growing stuff at home now. We have a hydroponic garden. Yeah. I talked to Christina about it. It's Pretty dope. And it's, and that's just delicious. Yeah. That's The way to go. The, the lettuce and the tomatoes And it gets all kinds of like veggies. Tastes like real food. Yeah. You do taste the difference a hundred percent. Yeah. Which reminds me of when you're abroad, right? Yeah. Because like you in Italy or in Japan, you have a tomato, you have a strawberry, and you're like, whoa. Yeah. Real. And you're like, oh, this what's supposed to taste like. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We, we make stuff that can sit on the shelf forever. That's why our tomatoes look like they're all buy no tomatoes. They're look, they look and they're hard. Yeah. But tomatoes are hard. Yeah. Like why is the tomato hard? Like, what is that about? Why does it stay hard for like weeks just sits there and Then we just keep ingesting that.


Yeah. It's terrible. And then you get all this inflammation in your body And you know, we've sort of genetically modified a bunch of things so we could feed a bunch of people so we can have large numbers of people and there's a benefit to that. How much, How much of of this, like do you think is related to the fact that we have so many more people than some of these places? Oh yeah. That's a fact. Yeah. But it's not just that. So I think there's a bunch of factors and everybody wants to be real binary about it. Sedentary lifestyle is a big one. There's a large percentage of our population that doesn't move enough. They don't exercise, they don't do anything physical. So you got that and then you got years and years and years and years of doing that, which eventually catches you.


Yeah. And so that's what the people that start showing up at the hospital, you know, it's metabolic health. Right. So, and then you have lack of understanding of nutrition, which is they think, oh, you're, you, you some fuckhead doctor that tells you just off to eat a balanced diet. You don't need vitamins. Yeah. Well that doctor's fat and stupid and probably has a bunch of diseases and he's on pills himself. Yeah. Like shut up. Probably never even went to through any nutrition training. You know, in, in medical school they get about six hours of nutrition training. I think It's crazy that, you know, especially 'cause we have kids in school, you realize that school still, they don't emphasize nutrition or finance. I feel like that's another crazy thing.


Oh yeah. Is to keep people from understanding how finance works at all. It Is crazy, right? Yeah. Like you, you're teaching kids about how to prepare yourself for the world and you don't teach them about debt and about interest. The First thing that happens when you're a freshman in college is you walk through the student union and they go, you want a credit card? You're fucking 18. Yeah. And they're like, you're like, yeah. They're like, yeah, it's got 29.9% a PR. It's awesome. They're preying upon you. Yeah. They're literally preying upon you. And the school lets it Yeah. The school is like, yeah, go ahead. Sign up. Oh, they, they don't give a fuck about you. You're, that's fucking crazy Grist for the mill. Yeah. You're just literally, you're, you're paying fucking, you're end up paying $300 for a Coke you bought, You know what I mean? Because you just like scanned it.


Like this is insane. Yeah. It's insane. We don't, we don't teach anybody. It's really crazy. Well Also you get it in their head that they're fucked because the debt that they're, they're getting involved in with student loans is the only debt we have that you can't get rid of. Yeah. The only debt. Yeah. You can't forgive that debt. There Are people right now who have social security getting docked. Their social security's getting docked for student Loans for their student loan. So they made it to death and they owe money to the government for loans that did them. No good at all. Because they're living off social security. So the government gets to steal more money from your social security. Nah, we have to pay you. So nuts.


And It meanwhile, like today, the reality is You can get that education online. Yeah. Almost all of the books on any sort of subject are available. Mine is useless. My degree's useless. What's Yours then? Communications. Well, You're a Communicator. Well, yeah. Worked out the degree You, you probably, like they use you to sell more tickets. They probably do. But This guy, but the look he went to our university, you should come. It's it, I mean, learn like, Tom, you, you know, I didn't like you don't, I didn't learn Anything in that. But how much did you have to pay to go to school? Oh man. Back then, how much Between you in debt for How much was the tuition? I think tuition when I was there was something like six or 7,000 a semester.


So like 12, 13 a year, which, you know, whatever. Now fucking tuitions now are like, fuck 50, $80,000 a year. It's great because imagine you take on that loan, you start your workforce, you have $300,000 in loans, And God forbid you go to graduate school, Oh my god. Compounds. And then you're never getting out of the hole. I mean, I think this is why some doctors and lawyers become sociopaths because you are dealing with so much debt and you realize no one gives a fuck about you. So you don't give a fuck about anybody else either. Wow. Yeah. It's great for society. Yeah. It's also like you, you, there's two things that could be true, right?


I do think that you kind of have the kids have to like get to work and get something going and get a path in your life. And when you're going to college, it's like you're outta high school. Okay? You, you're on your own, you're in college, you gotta keep up your GPA, you gotta get your degree. Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go. Yeah. So there is value in that. Yeah. But then also it's too much money And it's way money. Too much money. You're probably not gonna do anything with that, that degree. And if you don't have the degree, people think you're a loser. And it's very, it's very strange. It's very strange what's going on. Because you are allowing these corporations to prey upon children. Yeah. Because like, you're an 18-year-old child, You don't understand anything.


You don't understand anything. And then all of a sudden you're in college and you're saddled down with unstoppable debt and you have this fucking circus of people around you that are also trapped. And you didn't understand what that meant, what you were signing up for, you know? No way. You know, it's the same reason. Like you have a conversation with somebody who's that age and you're like, oh, you realize that our brains are different, right. Like you talk to like a Yeah. They're not developed yet. They're not fully developed yet. They don't understand everything. Especially boys Way, way more clearly. Yeah. Boys don't get developed until they're like, 25 girls are pretty, they could figure out the game earlier. Yeah. They didn They're not as saddled down by testosterone. Yeah. They're they're they're, but it's Their frontal lobe develops Earlier.


Yeah. Ours does really take till about 25. Yeah. Dude's retarded. Yeah. But that's also how you trick 'em into going war. Yeah. You know, it's part of it. Yeah. Like, Hey, we need you, you know, the Gulf of Tonkin, terrible thing those Vietnamese did. Yeah. We're gonna need to send you overseas. Try that shit on a 40-year-old guy. You're like, what? No fucking way. What happened? Let me Google. Hey, I Googled golf ton And it turns out yeah, you, you guys fucking faked it. But what, what else are you faking to get us to go to war? Oh my God. You guys fake things to start war so You can make money. That's cr how can, how are you not in jail? How's no one in jail for faking things to start Wars? Zero. Accountability. It's wild. So then you are like, well, fuck it.


They got me with the student loan. They got me with this, they got me with that. And you just get accustomed to life fucking you. Yeah. You just like, oh, the society just fucks you over. They just take from you take from you. Did I saddle you with debt? Tell you this theory, what you're talking about applies to, I think extends to our appearances. And what I mean is today, a lot of times people talk about how people wear like fucking flip flops and pajamas. You talking About bird again? Yeah. Well, well, he's not here. No. To defend himself. I think this Is true. But like, you get on a plane and you see people in pajamas. Right? Right. And they, in the 50 years ago, they'd be like in a suit.


And I think part of the reason why people, their appearance is this, I think some of it is tied to a lack of hope. Meaning that so many years ago you would embark on your path in life thinking that there's hope. I can have the American dream, I can own the house. I, you know, I can get the things I want to get. And so many people today are like, there is no hope. So fuck it. I'll, I'll just, I'll go out in my fucking sleepwear because I don't, don't have that. I think there's a, there's a connection to that.


Well, There, this episode is brought to you by Uber Eats Summer is almost here. And You can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered Catamaran. That's a no lemon meringue. That's a yes. A day in the sun. No. A bottle of rum. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely help you out with that. Get almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You must be legal drinking age. Please enjoy responsibly product availability varies by Region C app for details.


This episode is brought to you by Squarespace, thinking about starting website to sell online While Squarespace is the way to go, they make it easy for customers to find you. Thanks to integrated SEO tools that optimize your online presence to be indexed with meta descriptions and an autogenerated sitemap plus Squarespace payments will make it super simple to start selling your products or services with options like Apple Pay Klarna and more. Try it free at Squarespace dot com and use Squarespace dot com slash rogan to save 10% on your first website or domain.


It's a lot to that too, that if the government wants, if they want control and power, which is ultimately what every government wants, it's not a conspiracy theory. Like every government wants control and power. Yeah. What's the best way to acquire control and power? Have the people give up. Have 'em give up. Yeah. Yeah. There's just fucking, I give up, I give up. Fuck it. I'm wearing flip flops. Fuck it. I don't care Because that means I'll do what you say. That's, I'll do what you say when you Give up. That's what's really scary to me about AI automation and then ultimately universal basic income. You're gonna get a lot of giving up and then the government's gonna clamp down on you even more.


Yeah. And then it's gonna be haves and have nots at a scale that we've never seen before. When, when you have companies that are in charge of these automated taxi services and that's the only way people get around and the government gives you a certain amount of credits. So you don't have to ever worry about traveling. You have credits As long as you're a good boy, Tom. Yeah. As long as you follow the rules. As long as you don't say anything crazy about Israel, as long as you don't do anything nutty, you know about vaccines. Yeah. As long as you don't step outta line when it comes to the election, then your credits don't say anything crazy about this or about that. Or I mean, take your vaccines. And if that's a real possibility that they're just gonna extract, extract money out of us or attempt to attempt to control, like this is the grand, this is the grand battle of control, the more they have power over narratives.


Like, And it is also like there's things that are going on right now. Like we were just talking about some friends this weekend, we're talking about these bot farms, like this evidence of bot farms that people have used to like go and attack people with with certain things like, like, like bunch of different countries use bot farms. I'm sure a bunch of different corporations use bot farms too, but no one's getting in trouble for it. Like if You can pretend that you're mass groups of people that are getting upset about something Yeah. You can just pretend and there's no, you could pretend. Yeah.


You could just like, You can hire people to go protest Yeah. And fly them in on jets. Like that's happening right now. There's this guy in Maine and he made this video where he was hired to drive these people to the airport and he's trying to figure out like, where are these, where are all these people going? I'm driving this busload two busloads full of people at the airport and they were saying, well we're going to a protest and like, what protest? And then he goes and Googles like, where they, where they're flying to. It's like, oh, this is a paid protest. Paid protest. They're paying people to show up and pretend that it's a protest. So it's like there's puppet masters that are manipulating world event and that's legal.


Yeah. It's you're allowed to pay people to go protest. Yeah. Which seems like that should be illegal. Right? Like you shouldn't be able to pretend that you have an organic up Well, yeah, yeah. Uprising against some Well it's giving people this illusion. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Which is the entire Kamala Harris campaign. Yeah. I mean that's what it was. It was the whole thing was AstroTurf. Did You see that LA Like it was before he left the former FBI director talking about how China just doesn't play ball with any international rules. Oh, I'm sure. And he's like, how They don't respect IP at all. Oh yeah. So he is like, they'll just come in and they'll get a, you know, a spy to give them, let's say the IP of some whatever industry wind energy.


They'll just take it and be like, we have it now. Yep. Start this company. And then like, this company goes bankrupt. Yep. Because they were, and they just Fuck you. They're fuck You. Yeah. They made Shit whole Apple Stores. Yeah. That are fake Apple stores. So insane. Everything's fake. Fake laptops, fake phones. I saw a guy too, because like the, the evolution. 'cause I always Think about what happens if you try to get online with one of those. I'd Have no idea. Can you get an Apple Id? Like, does it work? It, I it can't. I'm imagining that it can't. But like, you know, I always think about the fact with ai, how we're in, we're in like version one Right. And we're all blown away by it already. Right, right, right. And it was a, there was a watch guy online who was like, I have two like daytona's.


Oh yeah. And he was like, dude, he goes, this is the best one I've ever seen. Fakes. Yeah. The fake. He had to perfect, he had to take it apart and to look at parts that were inside. Yeah. Like a spin wheel. He goes, oh, this is missing the logo. So, which begs the question like, what is it? Like what are you buying? Do you want it from this company only or do you want a Rolex Daytona? Like, what do you want? Well, I mean, I think if in in the case of that, you know, that the, the the movements, the the actual inner workings of the real one are far superior. Are they though? I think so. Yeah. Why? Yeah. Well I assume that, what if the other one has a 72 hour battery?


Or I mean power supply too. I what if, what if you 3D print every single aspect of the watch? I bet I Wouldn't know. Same thing Pretty close I guess, but Right. But it can be the same thing. Like, we're not talking like, like my watch, like there's a panorama. Yeah. This could be fake. I I mean I bought it from my friend, so I'm sure it's real. Yeah. But like, it's not a fake Ferrari. Right. You know what I'm saying? Right. Like if you got a fake Ferrari, like, oh my god, these tires are have no traction. This suspension sucks. I hate the idea of fake watch though. Right. But why? Well 'cause it used to be poor. Maybe it's 'cause I used to be poor. Yeah. I also just don't respect the, the copying of it.


Right. It's bullshit. Yeah. Well you, you know, I wouldn't buy one because you're contributing to Yeah, some. But it's kind of funny. It is kind of funny. You can get one for $40. That's insane. That's like a $7,000 watch. It's really crazy's. It's insane. And it's insane. And it's perfect that it's tricking, it's tricking these watch experts, Right? Yeah. But I don't really understand the Yeah. Look at these. So one of those is fake. Yeah. The The right. The one on the right is fake. Yeah. Yeah. I'd buy that looks perfect. I'll take it. How much, what He's pointing out Like, well, can you see the difference? Like who, imagine Who knows this on the spot. Well also you would know this on the spot, right? Yeah. Also, my vision sucks.


Mine does too. So I'd have to like take it out and do this. Like, I don't know, like this one, I can't even, I, I, I guess I can read the time, look at these or could read the date rather. But I mean they're, You know, the little, the tiny ass deep windows. Yeah. That's a, that's a struggle. Like if it's dark in the room, I'm not reading that. My Vision absolutely sucks. That's incredible though. The Replicas are crazy. They're so good. They're so, but again, like try making a replica nine 11 Turbo s good luck. Fuck Face. Good luck. Yeah, I know. Good Luck. Fuck face. But You can make one of those. But wait, how do, because this I, okay, I understand at least what you're doing in the watch thing. Right? Right. Then the person buys the far less expensive one and they get the feeling, I guess that, that people go, oh, you have the real one.


Right, right, right. But if you're getting an Apple product, a fake Apple Product, you don't know you're getting a fake Apple product. So they're going, because you're in China, the whole thing's a scam. The whole Store's fake And everyones in On it. It's an Apple store. Do you think people that are, I think they're in the fucking Logos. Apple fake factory rated in China. This is 10 years ago though. It did. It goes on to say that it tricked the employees. They thought they were working out of real Apple Store. That's part. Thought they were working. Yeah. It's like it's layers of severance shit. It just goes deeper and deeper and deeper. Shit. Yeah. That's really crazy. Do you ever Followed YouTube channels, stance elements? Uhuh, it's a, it's, it's a guy that just works on cars. Dope shit. And one of the things he's doing, he's building his own Ferrari F 40.


That's Cool. So instead of buying one for Like three million dollars. Yeah. Which is, okay, I'm gonna say you something that's gonna piss off these Ferrari people. Yeah. It ain't worth it. Okay. It's not worth $3 million. It's not that good. It's not If, if it was due today, you'd be like, this should be taken off the market. Right. Like, this thing has zero fucking traction control. But because it's a classic, it's worth like a ton of money. So what he's doing is making it better Works stance works. There's stance elements. Yeah. That's the Yeah, that's the, oh, that's the B boys. The B boys. That's the break dancers. Which by the way, stance elements. How, how did I fuck that up? Yeah. Stance Elements by the way, is also amazing. We can talk about that. That, but this guy Stance works.


He, this is his own, that's not a Ferrari. He's building it from Scratch. He bought all parts online. So he bought all the body panels online and then he made his own frame and then he bought a Ferrari engine from like a different model of Ferrari and he's putting that in it. Holy. But this is like a multi-month journey that this dude has been on that I've been watching all the videos. Whenever he has a new video, I watch it. He does a lot of dope shit. But this is a guy that like really loves cars and he's super smart. And when he is talking about cars, it's fascinating. 'cause like he's also a fan of the original M five, which I've thought about getting one of those. Yeah. Not very fast, but apparently like super engaging.


Yeah. Driving experience. The original M five, which I think was like, I want to say it was like 280 horsepower And what year? 80 something. 80 something. Yeah. Which by the way, back, I think it was 88 maybe back then. That was a lot. I have a 89 M three that I bought. Ooh. E 30 M three. Ooh. Yeah. And I have a S 54 engine going into it. Oh, Jesus. So that should be, how Much is horsepowers than that? I don't know. That's more than it came with. I have an E 46 M three. Those are fun. I love It. Yeah. It's so balanced. Yeah. It's like such an engaging driving Experience.


That's what I'm into. I'm into that. I'm not into chasing the, the lower zero to 60 times. Yeah. That's nonsense. Yeah. Like if you ever use that on a public road, you're an asshole, but pretty much engaging cars, you could drive the speed limit and enjoy the shit out of 'em. True. Just fun. Just going around a corner and just accelerating the 60. They're fun. That's fun. You Feel more like, like an old air cooled Porsche. Yeah. Like you, you feel it. You feel it. And it, Did you get that one that you were, you had a one being built? Yeah. It's not done yet. It's real close. Real close. It's exciting. That's the RSR project. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's, Ooh, Very excited about that.


It's Like three hundred 50 horsepower, 2000 pounds. Meanwhile I have some crazy fucking car coming to me too. What do you got this? A set of Furino 2 96 GTB Ferrari. Oh, 700 800 horsepower. Christ. Yeah. I watched a, I've seen your blazer, but I watched a video on it. Yeah. Of those guys. The Velocity Motorsport guys. Awesome. Yeah. Oh my God, dude, they're doing cool shit. Velocity did they Really went out with That one. They, that one's great. They do scouts and Broncos, but they also just started doing Mustangs. Oh, nice. And the must I took the one of the Mustangs out. Oh, very fun. Nice. I think 67 Mustangs. So you get that beautiful.


Is that the one with the flared fender style? Did did you send me that? Did you send it To me? No, the green one. No, that was a dif that's a different one. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. I would just, every time I see something cool, like, check the shit out. I sent you the other one. What did I send you? I sent you that, that, that Julia, that Italian one. That the guy came to my place. Oh yeah. That Was funny as Shit. I drove that. The Alpha Romeo. Yes. Yeah, I've seen that online getting reviewed. It's a rest mod. Alpha Romeo. I'm Blanking On it. I don't trust my people. No, No. I have One of my people's vehicles, but generally I don't trust my people.


Oh my God. I'm, I'm Blanking on it. I just think they're, they're eating pasta and staring at ass and they're not gonna do a good job. I wanted my car made by either Germans who do meth or Totem. That's what I was, yes. Yeah. Oh, wow. Yeah, dude, I, I tow one of these. This guy came. Ooh, Baby, look At that. It's fucking rad. You totem otta Moby. I did like it a lot. I didn't order one. I didn't order it. He didn't come. Wow. He's making a prototype for a whole new model. So I was like, I don't know why. Well, that's So sick. Oh, he's, that looks like a James Bond car. Look at That thing. It does. God damn. And it's, it's a hundred percent custom, you know? Ooh, I bet that thing flies It.


Dude, I was driving down Fairfax in LA in the rain, and he turned off the traction control. Oh no. Yeah. Turned Off. He turned it off. Why'd he turn it off? He was like, let, let run it. Explode emotion. Oh no. And guess what? The emotion almost ended up wrapped around a fucking light pole. Did You spin dude? I was like, I, I corrected it, but I was like, wow. Panic. And I was like, fucking driving this Guy. That's the fear of losing it in a Porsche. That rear engine whip. You know that, that under steer that happens. Yeah. Or over steer. What is it called? Supply throttle Something Throttle over steer. When you, when you lift, throttle. When you lift throttle Over steer. Yeah. Yeah. And then, and then the, the back end goes on. You. Oh yeah.


That's a,


the NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And it's time for all the high stakes drama, clutch moments and jaw dropping plays. I can't wait. If you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting, Draftking Sportsbook has you covered As an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin games all the way through to the finals, now's your time to back your favorite players and teams as they chase glory. All season long DraftKings has been the go-to spot for NBA player props. And that doesn't stop. Now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Ready to place your first bet. Download the Draftking Sports Book app now Lock in your bets and let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's something special for first timers. New DraftKings customer's bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the draftking Sportsbook app and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. If you or someone you know has a GAMBLING PROBLEM, call the Virginia Problem Gambling helpline at 8 8 8 5 3 2 3521 and over Virginia only Eligibility restrictions apply. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkng dot co slash audio.


This episode is brought to you by degree. Original. Cool Rush deodorant. You gotta love when a brand can own its mistakes. So last year people got really mad when Degree changed their cool rush formula. Well, guess what? Degree? Listened, admitted they messed up and are bringing the original Cool Rush Scent back. Grab some from Walmart, target or other stores now for under $4. And remember why? It's the number one men's anti-man for the last decade. The original degree. Cool. Rush is back And it smells like victory for all of us.


Weird design. Well, it's like having the engine out back like that. This thing also happens in everybody's mind. Who hasn't, who's not tr it's, it's literally something you have to be trained, which is that when something, when you're in a car and you're at a certain rate of speed and you're approaching a turn or something, or you feel anything going on, you, you take your foot off the throttle and what you don't realize is that that is gonna, it's gonna make things worse. Yep. Because the momentum and the weight are gonna be carried through. And actually the only thing that'll keep you from usually losing it is to stay on throttle. Not necessarily give it a ton. Right. But you need that momentum to carry you through it.


Right. And so it's just something that you, there's countless videos of somebody Oh yeah. In their new fucking car just going rr. And they just go into a tree. I just watched One on a new GT three R Rs. I've seen That one. Oh, brutal. Horrible. He's like 18. Horrible. And he did exactly that. Yep. He hits the turn off throttle tries to correct. Bye bye Bye. Fucking wreck. Painful to watch. Yeah. Painful. But that is a bad element of that design. The rear weight. Yeah. Yeah. But, and also it's like, is that really the best way to do it? Because you know, everybody always said that the Cayman is the better car. If they just gave it the same sort of love that they give the Porsche. I fucking love that nine car, the Cayman. I love It. Yeah. It's like my, my heart is with that car.


If you go like, what's the one you are in love with the most? It's still that car. But isn't it interesting that like, that car is not as prestigious. It's not as prestigious. Yeah. Like why is that? That seems stupid. It's a whole thing too. PE and if you have like, you'll see people like, ah, you got the ca and you should have gotten the nine 11. I'm like, you should drive this fucking thing. Yeah. Like this. But people that say that are all Retarded, they kind of are. Yeah. Yeah. Anybody that says that is an idiot. I mean, you don't know anything about cars Mid engine because You have a din, right? Is that No, it's not din that's what's the company Dinan did my BMW. Yeah. What is, what's your company For that one? De demon de de. Yeah. Rick Deon did the the upgrade on that. Yeah. Yeah. So what that is is what it should be, right? From Porsche. Yeah.


They should take that big juicy GT three RS engine. Yeah. Or even crazier. Take that GT two Rs, Throw it in that mix. Throw it in that bitch. It just upsets nine 11 owners. That's it. It just fucks up there. A bunch of little Fairies. Yeah. If that upsets you. Yeah. Then you need to go find something else. You need to go do mushrooms on the mountain top somewhere. By the way, did you like that? Do you feel it at all? I Don't know what you're talking about. No. Did you ever drive the GT four arrest that came out with like a year or two ago? No, I didn't. I heard it. I didn't drive it yet. I'm sure it's Dope, but it's also an automatic, it's All automatic. Yeah. It's p Come on, you pussies. Yeah. Like what are we doing? Why are you buying a street car? Are you a tra crazy track guy? Every, because that's a track car's, which is fine.


Yeah. Which is fine. Yeah. Take it. But, but for the average person that like enjoy you like make an enthusiast car, that's a goddamn three pedal. Yeah. Make, make AEM manual. Well thank God they still do. Yeah, they make some, I mean a lot of places just don't, I still think it's them and BMW Ford still makes some, they'd still do it with their Mustangs. I can't believe that Ferrari doesn't realize crazy that if they did just a limited run. Oh my God would sell that crazy. It would sell So crazy. Yeah. They gave up. They gave up. Lamborghini gave up. Everybody Gave up. I wish they would. I would. Thank God Porsche didn't. No, I know, but they did with some cars. Like a lot of their cars, you can't, like you can't get the GTS now in a five speed.


You can't, or, or, or excuse me, a six speed or a seven speed, whatever the fuck they have now. You can't get, I don't think you can get the s you can't get the turbo. Oh, you can't get the turbo. Yeah. You have to get the T or the regular GT three. Or maybe You can get the regular nine 11. I think You can get a regular nine 11 Carrera GT three. You can get still, but you can't get the GT three Rs. Like, come on guys, shut up. Just shut Up. I think they, the audience should inform them. Right? They should know that like their their fan base I know wants all that shit in Manual. It's like, what pisses me off about Corvette too. Like you guys have the most dope shape now. Yeah. Like the ca corvette is so sick. Yeah. And then the, you, you're putting out these insane ones like the Z six.


Yeah. And the ZR one. But it's still be be I know people want to, yeah. I don't know. It's gotta be like, all that has to be like cost analysis. Right. It's a little bit of that. And what is that Rogues? I want, I kind of quit those, but, oh one, I Fucking love these. I thought I was gonna have a hard time. I quit 'em over the weekend. Really? I did nothing. I was like, this is easy. I think I'm lucky with your, I think, yeah. I don't think I get physically addicted to stuff that way except coffee. Yeah. I've done that one where I took the whole day off coffee and I was like, why Am I fucking yawning? Yeah. Yeah. Oh Fuck.


Coffee gets me to headaches, but I Like coffee so much and coffee's everywhere. I'm like, I don't think I need to quit that one. No, I didn't get headaches. Last time I tried to quit coffee. I quit for a couple days And it was like, this is just rough. But the nicotine pouches was nothing. That's great. It Was, yeah. It was super easy. I feel like I have some of that where I'm not that physically addicted to this, but dude, I have friends that have like, anything gets them. Like I, I had a guy who came over here to do a podcast and he saw that someone had sent us some crate stuff that I wound up throwing out. Yeah. I was like, I don't want like this shit anyway. Yeah. And he's like, don't take that. I can't get off of it. Get that creto away from Me.


I know someone is, I had a real Problem with it. I'm like, really? I know someone 18 years on it. What? Yeah. What? Yeah. 18 years on a shitty opium. Well 'cause they were using it to get off of opiates. Oh God. And they can't, they can't go without it. Wow. Yeah. But the high is so like whatever. Yeah. It's not, I, I tried it and then people were telling me, be careful. Be careful. I was Like, oh, Duncan loved it. We had some at the club. Yeah. And Duncan's like, Hey man, you got any more of that? Got any more of that liquid heroin Man? I was like, keep it away from Duncan. Yeah. He's so funny.


Dude. He's the Best. He's so, he's the best. But we like had a whole box of it there that Ron White had left there And it was gone by Tuesday. I got in there on Tuesday as Everyone went through it. Where did it all go? No, it was all Duncan. It Was all done. We drank All of them. I was drinking two and three a day, man. I go, you're not even supposed to drink one a day. It's like a half a dose. Yeah. Like, which is really weird. Like why did they make one of them Be two doses? Two doses? Yeah. That's crazy. It's a tiny little shot. That's a good way to get you onto it. Yeah. It's like when you buy a bag of chips And it says like, serving how many calories in it serving per serving six Chips. Like What do you, why is this, this little baggie is not even a single serving. You know, I'm gonna eat more than that one bag. Of Course they know piece of shit. Yeah.


Garbage tactic to get people into. It's horrible. It's so predatory. It's Just lies. You're lying about the amount of calories. That's so funny, dude. Yeah. But I don't, I think I'm very lucky. 'cause I know people that get addicted to weed. Yeah. And they're, I I, I have gone a long time without weed and never had any problem. Yeah. People get physically addicted. Like, I didn't really realize that was a thing. But I Think it's just different genetics. It totally is. You Know, like look at Bert, a normal person who drinks as much as him would be dead. Yeah. You'd have like real liver problems. Yeah. And, and he's, he doesn't have any Problems. He's in the gym in the morning. It's crazy. Yeah. It's nuts.


So it's like you just gotta deal with the cards you dealt. Like why don't I have four ACEs? You just, well, you don't, you don't. So what are you gonna do? Yeah. You gonna just sit here and fucking complain about everything or what? You gotta figure it out. Yeah. Figure it out Bitch. Yeah. Yeah. Figure it out. Yeah. You need, you know, everybody needs love. Everybody needs support, but everybody also needs Figure it out. Bitch out. Yeah. There's not enough of that. Exactly. There's really not enough of That. There's not, there's not. 'cause you really, there's, it's like there's, you don't gain anything by doing the like how come I don't get no this? It's like, how come I'm not six six? I don't know. I'm not right. You're just not deal with it. Yeah. You gotta just deal with it. I think that's a real problem.


More people, you know, if you think about like the, the, you remember that documentary The Secret, that stupid documentary? Oh yeah. Yeah. Like All you have to do is like, think about things and you can make them happen. Yeah. Not really. That's bullshit. But it's a part of it. It's a part of making things happen. Like you can't just say, I'm gonna fucking breathe underwater. Yeah. I'm just gonna think about it until I can do it. No, you can't do that. Give it a shot. Yeah. There's physical limitations to the human frame and there's physical limitations for your particular human frame. Yeah. You know, you can't get taller. You can't, you can lose weight, but you can't, you can't really do much other than that.


Yeah. You can kind of get in good shape for what you got. Yeah. But what you got is what you got What you got. Yeah. But there's a bunch of people that just think about their problems all The time. That's a, it's an obsession. And what it does is it carries you through time without having to deal with the problem. 'cause you just talk about the problem. Right. Right, right. That's a big one. I know so many people who do That. It becomes, your focus is your problems. Yeah. Rather than your solutions. Do you know how many people who live in Guatemala in a fucking dirt floored shack would love your problems? Yeah. You Know? Exactly. Like, your problems are not that big a problem if you're living in America. Well, you've, and you have your Health. You need, you have that. You need that perspective change from people.


Exactly. Yeah. There's a big thing of like, if, if your problems become your identity. Yeah. It's a fucking 'cause I know people like that. Right. That you're like that. Have you ever seen that video? The the final boss of Woke? It's like this one trans man who's like, I am a disabled trans man. I am also on food stamps. I also have like, it's a real person. It's, and it's Donald Trump is trying to race me. And it's like, this is the identity. Like there's this, this is existential battle, but this final boss has everything wrong with him.


Yeah, it is. You're not him. Yeah. You're a girl pretending to be a man. So it's like you've got everything Wrong. You got every issue And it just keeps going on and on. Have you seen this, Jamie? Do you know what it is? Think. Hold on. Sounds like somebody should try to get on stage. No big fat, stupid face. It's not gonna work. The the whole thing is just like, it's just, it's so crazy that people will just like, there's a value and a currency to being a victim. Yes. And so they'll, they'll add stuff that's not, Social media has also helped that a lot Because there's, there's plenty of people that don't want to deal with their shit. That'll go, yes girl. You go. Yeah. Incredible society's doing this to you.


Yeah. Did You hear about that lady that got fired from Equinox in Manhattan? She was late 47 times in 10 months. And she sued because of race. She said she got fired for racism and she won. She won. It's a jury. And she won $11 million. No. Yes she did. No, she working, she was late 47 Times. Not only that, like you were working at Equinox, like you could work for all of time. Yeah. And you'll never make $11 million. Yeah. Like, you're not gonna make $11 million working in Equinox. But yet you won. And she only worked there for 10 months. She was late 47 times in 10 months. And that's why they were firing her. Like, they're like, you're just perpetually.


They're like, bitch, you are Always late. Yeah. And then she's like, that's so racist. That's crazy. Why? And she took him to court and won. They're definitely gonna appeal that shit. Of course they're Gonna appeal. But, but the thing is, when you have a jury Yeah. You have a jury of people so fucking stupid. They don't get outta jury duty. Yeah, exactly. And they might be like, yeah, fuck Equinox man. Yeah. Fuck yeah. Give it to her. That fucking fuck the man, man. Because that guy's just too lazy Yeah. To go to the gym. Yeah. Yeah. He's like, fuck. Of course not just that it's a corporation. You don't think of it as an individual. Right. That's as a company that's gonna fuck you over. That's, that's why people don't feel bad stealing from work.


Yeah. You know, you don't feel like you're steal. Like if someone was working in your house and they were stealing from you, like they stole your forks. Like where's my fucking fork? Yeah. Like this Is bullshit. I like it. And then you find out a guy who worked for you stole your fork like you're fucking fired my dad. But it's an office. It's like someone like takes a fork home. Like if you have a kitchen in your office where you use a bunch of forks for the staff. Yeah. And someone takes that fork, it's no big deal. It's the office's fork. We Just need to order more forks. These fucking forks keep disappearing. And you go over Tom's house one day and like Tom's got four of the office forks. Like, did you steal the office forks? I forgot. I forgot. I just keep forgetting to bring them back because, because They don't belong to somebody. Right, Exactly. It's not a human. Yeah. It's a corporation. Which is also why corporations can act like fucking psychopaths.


Yeah. Because they're also not a human. So they could just do whatever the fuck they have to do. Which is why our food supply is so bad. 'cause they're just trying to maximize profit. They literally have a duty to maximize profit. My mom definitely thinks of corporations as they can deal with it. Of course. And I remember my dad used to tell this story that when, when they first got married, they were at a Holiday Inn and they were leaving and then he was like, what is that in the suitcase? And it was their towels. And she was like, the towels. And he's like, you can't take that. She was like, why? 'cause it belongs to the Holiday Inn. It's theirs. And she was like, they have a like a hundred of 'em. And he's like, yeah, it's not ours though. We can't, this is, yeah.


And she was like, it's fine. And like everywhere I've gone with her, she's like, you know, she'd be like, can I take this? And like, no, that's a, that's so funny. We've been, we've been places where I've been like, Hey, sorry, my mom wondering if we could take this glass. She Makes you asy. Yeah. And then I saw a video. You were showing Your Mom these clips. Oh yeah. The clips from your new Netflix show. Oh, fucking Amazing. It was amazing. I knew it was, I knew it was gonna be a killer. I was like, she's gonna hate it. And they were like, okay. So we set up a private screening for her. It's Also like, why am I watching this? I know if you know, but you're my mom. Yeah.


It's just so funny. She's like, dude, she fucking, she hated the show so much. She's like, oh sure. She took, she came over yesterday for Mother's Day and I was like, she goes, so, 'cause that on the rest of that thing she made me promise that we're gonna cut the first sh the first story. Yeah. She's like, you, you're definitely not gonna use that. Right. So eventually I was like, yeah, we're cutting it. And so yesterday she was like, did you cut it? I go, of course not. It's fucking, it's Netflix's. And she was like, you promise. So you lied to me? And I'm like, mom, I can't be like, Hey don't air the first one. And she's like, well that means you lied to me. So I'm never coming to a show again.


And I'm never gonna do anything like related to any of your stuff. And I go, promise I would love if you never came to a show again, do you know how much of a fucking burden it is to have to babysit when you're there? I Was talking to Shane Gillis about a bit. He does where people getting upset, people he knows getting upset about a bit. Oh yeah. And he is like, Hey, yeah, I'll stop doing that. Shut the fuck up. Shut up. Shut the fuck up. She Found out, by the way, I was on Chrissy d and Gianni's podcast the day the Pope died, or the day after I was in New York and we're podcasting. And I was like, oh, 'cause my mom's like hardcore Catholic. And I was like, let's call her and just check on her. And I go, we'll just try to see if maybe the Jews did it.


So I call her, I'm like, did you hear about the Pope? And she's like, I am Davis. Really? I go, I know what happened if he was sick, if it was the Jews. And she's like, what? And like we had to cover our mouth. We had to cover our mouth and mute the phone. She is like, She goes, this is the craziest call I've ever received. The pop died. Do you think the Jews did it? I had to hang up the phone. And then like a week later she goes, I was On YouTube and I find that you called Me on a show to talk about. She's fighting. She found it. Found herself. She found the clip.


Yeah. She found the endless well of us fucking with her on YouTube. Oh my God, that's so funny. Speaking of the Jews, have you seen fucking Kanye's Snoop song? Bro? Bro, What is what? Here's the thing. What my, my first of all Kind of Catchy. Well that's the problem with it. That's the problem is like the guy from production. Like he's never lost a step. He can make a beat. He can like, he's so talented. He's a genius. He's a talented producer. Man. I do think it's like when, first of all, I think people are kind of done asking him questions. 'cause most of the shit he puts out is like self released kind of commentary or thoughts. 'cause he is saying just fucking cra you know, this Is the craziest thing I've ever seen.


But Like, but there is a thing where that song is like, what, what are you doing dude? Like, for what are you doing? For real? It's the ultimate pushing back. Yeah. I guess. But there is like, like I, I don't, I think I have a pretty, you know, let things go kind of vibe to me, obviously. Yeah. Fucking show. Yeah. I don't, each show's ridiculous. It's ridiculous show. And I've always been like, yeah, say whatever you're gonna say. But I do think like making a catchy song about that, I'm like, what are you doing man? Like, you're just getting at a minimum. You're just gonna get more people that think it's cool to say highlight. Like that's at the minimum. Well I think that's part of the program. Program. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's part of what he's trying to do.


But I mean, is that cool to do? I guess if you're like, well it's fun to troll the masses and get 'em to do that. Okay. But what I'm saying is that like, at a minimum you're gonna get less educated people to go like, this is a fun thing to say. And you're like, I mean, is that good? You really want people just mo walking around being like, you know, it's tight, man, high Hitler like that Fucking insane. It's crazy. It is crazy. But it's also kind of a side of the times, I guess. Yeah. These are the chaotic world we're living in. Yeah. And it's like, okay, this is, this kind of highlights the, the benefits. I mean, I wanna say this like carefully.


'cause I don't wanna think any, I don't, I wanna say real clearly, I don't support people saying that. I don't think it's a good thing to say. No, I don't say it. I certainly don't think, I don't think any racism is good. I don't think antisemitism is good. I don't think anti Christianity is good. I don't think Asian hate is good. I don't think anything is good. But there's a benefit to just letting people talk. Like let people say whatever the fuck they wanna say. Even if it sucks. This is the benefit of Twitter, but this is also the bad part. It's like the fucking suck is so many millions of hits. Yeah. On Twitter, it's been banned from every platform.


Yeah. But is it good to ban things from platforms or is it better to let it be out there? I see what you're saying. Yeah. And let people talk about it. Because if you ban it, then people want to hear it more. That's true. And then it becomes more popular and then it kind of supports what he says, which is that there's this concerted effort, if you talk about Jewish people, that they're gonna remove you from everything. Remove you from banking, which is what he's saying. They run everything. So if they didn't, like, if it was just you were talking shit about Puerto Ricans, look what happened to Tony. Nothing. Yeah. He's doing great. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like if there's certain people that you're allowed to pick on and, and make jokes about or or mock or, or say something and you, you can get away with it.


Yeah. Well I think he's made his point. I think we all Get it now. It's never gonna end. Yeah. But how does it end? This is the question. When I was watching that song, first of all, I was by myself when I first saw the song. I was like, when is this? Yeah. Like, no way. Yeah, yeah. No. It's like, no way. No way. And I'm, I'm watching on my phone. I'm like, yo. And then my first thought was, how does this end? Because this ends, this is gonna end. There's gonna come a time where they're gonna realize like this is a problem. Yeah. So how does it end? Does it end in assassination? Does it end in there's definitely people that want to kill him. Financial ruin. Yeah. I don't.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. Summer is around the corner. And I don't know about you all, but I have lots of plans. Camping, beach excursions, cross country road trips. It's always nice to get outta the house and enjoy the sun and open air. What's not so fun is leaving your home unprotected for days on end. You've got valuable stuff there. Personal documents, family heirlooms, all your tech, protect whatever you need while you're away was simply safe. And I'm not just saying that SimpliSafe has been named the best home security system by US News and World Report five years in a row. It's also been ranked number one in customer service among home security providers by Newsweek and USA today. Probably because SimpliSafe will go above and beyond to keep you and your family safe. They have professional monitoring agents that can help watch over your home when you can't. Plus their technology is state of the art, helping to capture anything suspicious on or around your property. Check them out. SimpliSafe has plans that start at around a dollar a day. And right now get 50% off your new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and your first month free. Just go to simplisafe.com/rogan. That's simplisafe.com/rogan for 50% off and your first month free. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


This episode is brought to you by Montana Knife Company makers of the best, most sought after knives out there. The company is founded by my friend Josh Smith. He's been making knives since he was 11 years old and became a master bladesmith at just 19, which is wild 'cause there's only about 140 to 150 master bladesmiths in the world. Plus these knives are made right here in the USA, right in Montana. And they're designed, tested, and built by hunters. For hunters. I've been loving the Magna Cut Blackfoot 2.0 when Master Bladesmith, my friend Josh Smith, launched Montana Knife Company. He set out to create the ultimate do it all knife, small and light enough to pack on a goat hunt, durable enough to completely field dress a moose and shape to gut cape skin and de-bone with ease. He called this flagship knife, the Blackfoot, And it remains his go-to blade. And I love it as well. It's truly the only hunting knife you'll ever need. Although MKC is still a young company, the demand is already crazy. Literally, every time they drop a batch, they sell out in minutes. So if you want to be the first to know, sign up for SMS alerts for exclusive knife drops and their email newsletter to get notified about restocks, or go to Montana knife company.com and see what's available.


Now I know what this financial situation is. I know that like, there's been all these over the last five years, there's been times where like his, you know, net worth has been reported at like such a crazy amount. And then I remember like, funds were frozen and he was like, I don't have anything. And then it was like all back, I don't know what his financial situation. Well, they can't steal your money. Yeah. But they can Deb bank you Yeah. Where no one will bank with you, basically. Right. So it's like, what, how does that work? Like where do you get your ATM card? Yeah. Is it from the bank of fucking Portugal? Like, what do you have to do? Like, how does that work? You know what I thought about when I was, when I was watching that video, I was like, how did, like, how do you get, I don't know, however many actors?


That's Easy. That's the easy part. I think it's crazy. I think a lot of people would be like, what? Oh, That's the easy part. You put out a casting call in la everyone's soulless. They have no fucking soul nuts. They just want to get famous. You're gonna do a project with Kanye. Okay, let's go, let's do it. To say also, I'm just acting just like that guy in, in glorious bastards wasn't really a Nazi. Right. I'm not really a Nazi. Listen, man, I gotta do what I gotta do. I got kids to feed. Yeah. It's nuts. It's pretty nuts. He's, look, he's super talented. Man. I, one of my thoughts after hearing that song was like, man, I wish he would release this song with like a different, You know what I mean? With a different hook. Like Yeah. Personally, it's Not gonna happen personally. No. I know he is not going to.


But that's what I, one of my thoughts was, I was like, man, I wish he, he would. It's so crazy. It's so crazy because his last album before that was a banger. It's like he came out of the gate showing people that, like, he still got it. Like, yeah, you might've pulled me off all these platforms. You might have de banked me. You might've taken away my Yeezy deal with Adidas, but damn, I still got It. And he's, and that one was released everywhere. Right? That's on all platform. Yeah. Oh, man. That's in the Spotify playlist that we play in the green room all the time. You know, there's some fucking killer songs in that man. Yeah, he's, he's Classics. Yeah. Classics. He's got so many bangers. Yeah. But you know, this one, he's just like letting people, I, I guess in his eye, I mean, I don't know.


I haven't talked to him about it, but I guess he's like, I'll do whatever the fuck I want. I'm, do whatever the fuck I want. Yeah. Clearly. So I'm gonna do the one thing that you're never, ever, ever supposed to do. I'm gonna make a catchy song with Hyle Hitler. Yeah. Yeah. That's, it's Just like, Whoa. That is the ultimate, like, whoa, I'll do whatever the fuck I want. Yeah. And you had to say, like, in the casting, there's like a description of all the stuff. If you wanna be a part of this production, like you have to be comfortable with swastika. Is that was in the Yeah, yeah. Yeah. He's got a diamond and crusted Swastika wears around neck. That's, that's also insane, dude. But Wait, you know, a juice hold him that Probably, or at least supply the diamonds. The diamond, yeah.


Diamond. Where The diamonds come from. That's insane. The Jewish People have been controlling diamonds for a long time. It's insane. They're very smart about the diamonds, because the diamonds aren't even really that valuable Anymore. You know what, you know what's fucking crazy in, in jewelry? Because see, this is one of the thing that like, I don't trust about, there's certain businesses where you're like, I don't know what I'm looking at. Right, right, right. So like a car, for instance, you have the reference to go like, how much should this cost? Right. Right, right. So like, it gives you some personal Right. You see a Lamborghini, you know, that's like a $300,000 car And you can like check with people. Yeah. Yeah. But like a piece of jewelry. Right. This guy who I had, I bought a watch from was like, this jewelry is like, you know, this ring or whatever.


It's like whatever, $50,000 or something. I was like, oh, wow. He was like, do you want it? I was like, I don't know. And, and then like a month or two later, he, he sent me the same thing. He's like, I'm trying to move this now. Do you want it for like 20? What? And I was like, I didn't, I was like, it's 20. He is like, yeah, I'm just trying to move it now. What does that mean? What you own it on it, what's it really cost? That's What I'm saying. Yeah. And so you kind of go like, wait a minute. So I was gonna pay $30,000 more for it. That Would just go to you. That's so gross. Right? It is Gross. Really? I would never Trust that guy.


Yeah. It just really turned me off, man. Well, You know, it's really God. Fake diamonds that are real diamonds. Yeah. Girls don't want 'em. Right. I was reading this whole thing about the demand and supply for lab created diamonds that are absolutely diamonds. They're not fake diamonds. It's a real diamond, but it's not a diamond that's pulled outta the ground by slaves. It's just lab generated. Yeah. It's not like a blood diamond. So like, well, And girls are like, I don't want that shit. I don't want it. It's not real. I'll know. It's not real. I want someone to suffer first. Well, it's not that what it is is the same thing as not wanting a fake Rolex. Even though it's like physically the exact same thing as a Rolex.


Yeah. It's a But that's at least a brand. Like if you're a person who loves engineering and craftsmanship Yeah. And like, you, like, I don't want, you know, someone to rip off someone's work. Yeah. Like, that's art. Yeah. Like a, like a gr like your watch. That's a piece of art. It's a piece of art. Yeah. So that makes sense. You wouldn't want a fake piece of art, but a diamond is just, it's just elements compressed over time. Yeah. And they've figured out how to do that, where they make perfect diamonds. Fraction of the cost, I'm assuming. Right? Yeah. But the demand is super low. Yeah. Wow. 99% less 99. Oh yeah.


Oh yeah. In some cases. Especially the biggins. Yeah. I was gonna say, you get Like three carat Yeah. Diamond. Right. Right, right, right. The ladies don't want 'em. Yeah. And I never been one. It's so crazy. I know. That's one of the things I'll feel cheap. That I feel So do you Think I'm cheap? They don't want that shit, dude. She finds out that what you got her was like the, the shittier version the lab Created. But it's not even shittier. Right. That's the thing. It's like lab created diamonds are actual diamonds. It's literal alchemy. Yeah. Remember like in the, like the old days, like they were trying to figure out a way to use like all these chemicals to make gold. Yeah. That was what alchemists are for.


Like, kings would spend insane amounts of money on these alchemists to try to get these alchemists to figure out how manufacture I, I think I can make gold for you. Sire. Yeah. Yeah. I Need a laboratory. Yeah. And these dudes are sniffing fucking mercury all day and dying young. Yeah. It's The craziest thing to spend on. But Imagine if the lady's like, no, you made that. Go in a lab. I don't want it. Don't want it. You're like, I don't want it. I want real gold. That's from Africa. That came outta the Ground. Yeah. We just want the real thing. I want the real stuff that they picked out of the river. Yeah. I want the real stuff they got from Alaska. I want the real stuff. You don't want, but it's just gold, baby. It's gold.


It's just an element. It's, there's a, you know, who cares where it's from? No. No. I want stuff that's forged inside of a sun. How many women out there do you think to rock something that they're so proud of that if they go to get it assessed? It has to happen all the time. It happened In my family. It did. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't wanna say who. Yeah, but someone rev not like close. Yeah. But broke up with the guy and found out that it was a cubic zirconium. That's hilarious. LOL. That's very funny. But perfect for that guy. Yeah. I was like, that guy's such a piece of shit. Yeah. Yeah. I knew it. I could have told you it was a fake diamond. Yeah. That's so funny. I laughed so hard. Yeah. So she took it to the jeweler.


All right. Yes. Well, she's like, I gotta break up with this guy. Yeah. I don't have any money. Let's sell this. She's living with this shyster, this fucking guy who's like a just dirt bag And you know, but had some money, but not real money. Just like a just bullshit artist. Yeah. And she's like, oh, he's a bullshit artist. I gotta leave him. Oh fuck. Fuck. So she like, I'm gonna, you know, I have 10 grand. Yeah. I'll sell This. Right. They're like, I'll give you a hundred bucks. That's Crazy. Worth nothing. They didn't want any of it. They didn't. It's not worth anything. That's Amazing. Fake, fake diamonds worth zero money. Zero bucks looks exactly like, like if you're in a party. Yeah. If you go to a party, if you're a woman, you have this beautiful big ass fucking rock. And you walk in and everybody's like, oh, look at a ring.


Yeah. Oh my God. It's sparkling. Nobody knows. Nobody has any idea that it's fake. No one knows you. I mean, literally, it's again, it's not a fake Ferrari. Well that was the thing, Chad Ochocinco, the football player. 'cause like a lot of the athletes, they rock diamond earrings and stuff. He was like, he was like, yeah, I wear fakes. Fakes. He's like, especially 'cause like if I'm, whether it was on the field or going out, he was like, I have a real one at home. You know? Yeah. I was like, I go out, I wear the fake one. Well, he saved a lot of money. A lot of money. Yeah. He was also like always very on top of like not overspending. Very smart dude. Very smart dude. For everything except fighting. He has this very, did he fight bizarre idea. Like him and Shannon Sharp argue all the time about Oh, bizarre idea that he could like fight MMA guys and beat them.


Oh, That's crazy. That's crazy. Well, it's the reason why he was such a great athlete. Yeah. Confidence. Crazy Confidence. It's just unstoppable belief in yourself. Yeah. Which, listen, he's such a great athlete that if he did compete in MMA, he probably would be a world champion. Yeah. 'cause he's got that, like Michael Jordan decided he was gonna, if MMA existed when Michael Jordan was alive Yeah. He'd probably be the light heavyweight champion of the world. Right. He'd probably figure out a way to Fuck everybody else Up. Yeah. And it also like this drive, this championship mindset. It's just, it is just rare humans that choose to focus on football or soccer or basketball or whatever it is, you know? But The thing they get obsessed with, But if they put the same amount of energy from the same amount at, at an early enough age, like there's certain, like barriers that cannot be overcome.


And one of them is like physical maturity. Like once you're like 36 years old, if you start boxing at 36 years old, I don't care what, you're not gonna be a world champion. Yeah. Listen, it's too hard. It's too hard to like, yeah. It's what you saw with like Francis and God, when you find Anthony Joshua. Yeah. That's the difference. Right. You know, you can't just jump on in and fight like an Olympic old medalist who's like been doing it his whole life. He's gonna do things to you. Yeah. You're not gonna know what he is doing and he's gonna crack you. Yeah. It's, it's just, but the reason why he thinks that, like Ochocinco thinks that is 'cause he was fucking monster athlete. Yeah. It's like he knows how hard he works. He knows how gifted he is.


Yeah. But he just thinks, but if, you know, you put him in there with a guy, like a Dreas Duy or something like that. Like be a fucking mauled. Of course. Course. No, he's thinking Yeah, because he was a fucking precision route runner. Like really Great guy. But someone's mounting you, drilling elbows in your eye socket. I Know. It doesn't matter. Like, it doesn't matter. Yeah. You don't know how to block 'em. You don't know how to stop the rear naked choke. You don't, you don't know how to stop the trip. You don't know which way to roll on a heel hook. Like, They're like, I'll figure that shit out. No, you won't. You won't. You're gonna get your knees ripped apart. Yeah. You can get knocked unconscious. Yeah. It's like grimy reality. But it's, I love the fact that people think that way.


There's a lot fun that think like that. Outspoken. It's my Mentality, Bro. Yeah, yeah. My mentality. I can't lose. Yeah. I understand it. I, I have that stupid part of my brain too. But I'm also smart enough to go, Hey, fuck face. Like I have two people in my head. Yeah. I have like this, I can do it. I have the general who tells me what to do, and then I have like the soldier that's like, wait a minute. Yeah. This is gonna get me killed. Yeah. Yeah. This is fucking dumb. I'm not running with a hand grenade into all these bullets flying my way. No. And you know enough, seeing enough fighting to know what your limits are, Especially with martial arts is the big one. It's like, you don't know, man, there's little tiny dudes that can choke you to death. Yeah. And you, you have no idea.


Yeah. You, you in your mind, you're like, they can't do shit to me. Yeah. This motherfucker, I could bench 300 pounds. Yeah. And next thing you know, arm drags. He's got your back. He's, He's, You can't get away the body triangle on you and you don't wanna it tap out, but you Have to. You have to. You're dead. You're dead. It's over. That's why it's good. It's good to do like to even try all those things. Like I've done a little bit of, you know, boxing, striking. I've done a little bit of juujitsu. It's great to have the awareness. It, you're like, oh wow. Yeah, This can happen. It's a nice wake up call. Yeah. Yeah. When I first started doing Juujitsu, I was already like a very accomplished striker. I was really good at striking. So I was like, I know how to fight. And then I went to Jiujitsu class and I got my ass kicked every day.


Yeah. I was like, this is crazy. I was so wrong. Yeah. I have this completely distorted idea of my abilities. Yeah. Yeah. It, it really humbles you. Right. It's A lot of people walking around out there, especially men. They just think they know how to fight. Yeah. It's like a terrible thing to find out on YouTube. Like to see people find out that you don't really know how to fight. You just think you know you're gonna bluff your Way. I think that's the ma There's the male thing. Men think they know how to fight that they're funny. That they fuck good. Yeah. And that they can drive. Right. Those are like the four things. Yeah. Yeah. They're, I can do all that shit. Yeah. Yeah. Delusions. Yeah. There's like manly things. You don't want someone to be better than you at. Yeah.


And you get delusional Things. Those four are the ones that like come up the most, I think. Yeah. Pool's another one. Shoot pool. Yeah. A lot of guys pretend they're good at pool. Yeah. I've had a bunch of dudes say they play good pool. I'm like, really? Let's find out. Let's find out. Are, do any ever surprise you that they are pretty good? Never. Never. Not one. Not One. Nope. Wow. That's actually, oh, I thought you would find at least a couple. Nope. So they're always like, I'm, no. Usually people that are really good at pool, they'll tell you like, oh yeah, I used to play a lot, I played a lot of tournaments. I did this or that. Like, where'd you, so then it's, where'd you play? It's clear. And they're like, oh, I played at Chelsea Billiards in New York City. Oh, okay. Okay, okay. Did you do a lot of tournaments? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I did a lot of gambling.


It was fucking me up in high school. Like, okay, this guy's good. I get it. You're you. You know what you're talking about. But the guy's like, yeah man, I'm fucking good at pool. I'm like, are you, where do you play? It's like, go in bars. Mostly like, right, right. So it's one of two things happening. Either they're trying to sucker you into a game and they are really good at pool or they're delusional. And every time I've ever experienced it, its delusional. It's Delusional. It's delusional. Wow. There's a lot of people, dude. Like famous people. Really? Oh Yeah, yeah. A bunch. Yeah. They're like, I'm pretty good. Bring 'em over. I don't wanna say names, but bring 'em over onto the table and they're like, what the fuck? Oh, you have to tell me these names after. I'll tell You afterwards. Yeah. Yeah. It's fun. That's good. It's fun to see somebody. Yeah. Yeah. It's fun to be, but you know, it's one of those things that people like, like a lot of men wanna think they're good at poker.


Like, oh, I could read people like Sure. Oh yeah, that's another one. Dudes think they're good at playing cards. Oh, poker's A great one. Ari Shafi, when we were at the store, Ari for years made a living playing poker. He made a living doing that. A hundred percent. He would go and play in the bicycle club and all those. So he Was pretty good. Ari was very good at poker. But he would tell you, but like, all these people think they could play, they don't know what the fuck they're doing because they play stupid. Like he's just intelligent and calculated. Yeah. And he, he knows like, you Know who's really good? Who? Philip Lee and his wife. Oh really? They play in tournaments. Oh wow. Margarita and Philip. They play in tournaments. So is Bruce Buffer, Bruce Buffer played in the World series of Poker?


I never, I never got into poker. And I remember when I was working in post-production, like in the early two thousands, the, it was starting to get more and more like now it's, I think immensely popular. But there was like a, there was like a uptick when they started to like televise it. You know what It was, You know what made it uptick? No. You can see the cards when at home. Oh, That's, you know, who's got what, You know who's got what. Right. So you're watching it play out. That's a huge element. That's, that's on home. 'cause Anthony Giordano, my friend from the U ffc who he does all the UFC direction, he's done my comedy specials too. He explained it to me. He's like, the moment you can see those cards, it changed the game. 'cause now it made it exciting for people to watch. Oh, right. Because you're watching people play poker.


You don't know what anybody's hand is until, until the end. You're like, this is stupid. But if there's like, you got a camera, so like as they fan open their cards, there's a camera under the table And it shows you what they Got And it shows you what everybody's got. Like, ooh, That's more exciting. That makes a lot of sense. Yeah. Oh yeah. So it's way more Fun, dude, I don't, I don't even know how to play poker. And I would accept invites to poker games. And what happens is you start playing with like, how you think to play. And people start when they don't know you. They're like, this guy, he's either fucking really ballsy and good, or he is a retard. Like, and that's what would happen to me is like couple games in. People were like, okay, yeah, this guy.


And then pretty soon they're like, do you play poker? And I was like, I, I'm not really sure what we're doing here. They're like, they're like, get the fuck outta here man. Well, they also wanna rob you. Yeah. That's a big thing too. Yeah. Because you're a big fish. Well, I wasn't, I wasn't at all then at the dawn. No, no, no. I, I was just like going like with people from work, you know, I was just like doing it socially. That's Gotta be a lot a thing where a lot of people like that are really wealthy that get into gambling. Oh, Be a target. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. I'm sure. Well, that's a big thing with pool players too, is occasionally poker players. 'cause poker players, a lot of them, they gamble on a bunch of different stuff. You know, a lot of 'em are just gambling addicts. Totally.


And so there was a always a bunch of poker players that would play pool and they were kind of okay at pool, but they would get insane spots. Like say if, like, I knew this guy that was playing one pocket for like a hundred thousand dollars a set. And one pocket is a weird game where a pool table has six pockets. Yeah. And so like, if we were playing one pocket, you would've this pocket on the right out of this pocket on the left, and there's 15 balls. And so all I have to do is make eight balls into your, in my hole and I win the game. Okay. Normally, but if you don't know how to play and I'm trying to sucker you in a play, I go, okay, listen, I'll spot you on 15 ball game.


I'll spot you 13 balls. 13, 13 balls. You just have to get two. We're gonna play for big money. We're gonna play for big money. We're gonna play for race to five for a hundred thousand dollars. Wow. So that means whoever and a game of one pocket takes a long time. It's not like a game of nine ball. A game of nine ball. You can be, You can be done two minutes. You just run the rack, you know, like a good player. 'cause anywhere you can go, yeah, you can. But in this case, you Have to go to One to one pocket. You can Exactly. One pocket. And, and you can't leave a shot because if you're playing a good player, so like if, if you were playing one, if like, okay, me, let's say me. 'cause I'm like a, what I would call, I'm like, what's called a B player?


Like I can't beat pros, but compared to regular people, oh my God. You are you, how do you play so good? Yeah. Yeah. Regular people don't know how to play. That's, that's why it is. Right. But if I played like a pro, like if I played like my friend Fedor Gost who's like world champion. Yeah. Like I would probably need like out of 15 balls, I'd probably need 11 balls to have a chance. And even then I'm probably getting robbed. Really? Yeah. Because he's just gonna, He's gonna figure out a way to never leave me a shot. And then he's gonna calculate when he has a shot, can he open up the stack and then run all the other balls? 'cause you don't break, like, you break with eight ball.


When you break with one pocket. It's a very calculated game. And it's a big gambling game. The most money gets spent on, on one pocket. Like I was just watching online the other day, a game they were playing for $240,000. Yeah. It was, it was a match for $240,000. I think it was a three day match. I gotta watch one of these. It's, the pressure's insane. But this guy, Justin Bergman, who's like one of the best players in the world, was playing this guy. And he gave him a crazy spot. I think it was, I think it was, it might have been like, he had a, it was something crazy like ten six or something like that where he had to, he had to make 10 balls, the other guy to make six balls. And the guy was a good player Too.


And so if you're, so this is like, it's more like chess almost, it feels like, right? Because you're like, are they're calculating, like how do not, You have to risk reward because like say you might have a long spot in your hole and if you make it, you have all these balls and You can run out the set or you can run out the game. But if you miss, you're selling out and this guy only has to make six balls and he might be able to make six balls. 'cause And it's any six. Exactly. Any six. Wow. It's just, any ball just has to be in your hole in any order. It's not a, a, a thing. Like, it's not like a rotation game. Like one through nine or eight ball where you're like, I got stripes, you got solids. It's Just anything goes, Any ball in that hole. And like the really, really good players can spot you that much.


And you still don't Have a chance. You don't have a chance. And there's really crazy good players. Like there's a guy named Tony Chohan who's real famous. His nickname's T-Rex. And he's like a big time money GAMBLER. And there's another guy named Scott Frost, who's a friend of mine. Yeah. Who's like one of the biggest one pocket players of all time. Guarantee you Scott Frost has gambled over the course of his life. Millions of dollars have changed hands with Scott Frost playing Really? One pocket. Yeah. He's like one of the best one pocket players. Like literally ever. And these guys are playing, you know, they'll meet up in Kentucky. They'll, they'll, they'll have stake courses and then people on the rail. So all the people that are watching are gambling as well.


They're all, so you might have a, you know, there might be a set that's being played for half a million dollars. Fucking A Yeah. Like this one that I was watching, the Justin Bergman was $240,000 they were playing for Fuck. Yeah. And who knows how many people are gambling on the side. That's what I'm saying. It's, it's generating a lot more. Oh, it's crazy. That's when you think about, like, I think it's easy to forget when you're just into like, the game, like the amount of money that changes hands every week to week with the NFL. Oh God. Oh my God, dude. Oh my God. Oh my God. Billions of Billion has to, billions has to be, has to be, it Is such a gambling machine. Oh yeah. And like the NFL kind of like goes like, no, it's not, it's about the grid iron.


You're like, ah. But then they also got to the point where it's like, you know, they couldn't ignore it. 'cause then you have sponsorships, right? Of like, there's gambling sites. Like we're the official gambling spike. Yeah. So it's all intermingled now. Draftings. Yeah. We're just part Of it. Listen, I'm all for you being able to do whatever the fuck you wanna do. Yeah. I, I like it. I don't like rules that regulate people's stupidity. I think if you want be as dumb as you want. If you wanna do flips on your dirt bike, you should be able to do that. Yeah. So you should also be able to gamble your life away. Yeah. If you wanna do that. I don't think you should. Not the Yeah. But, but I believe in, I, I believe in Darwinism.


I believe you. You're supposed to let people like lose everything. Yeah. 2024. $148.7 billion. Gambled. That's interesting. Because that's what Doge found. They spent on transgender animal studies. The exact amount. That's No bro. That's so much money. 148 billion. It's Like three a week. 3 billion a week. Listen, compared to what the United States government chews up every day, that's nothing. No, That's true. This is just the United States too. This Doesn't include any other country. That's so crazy. And that's just football? No, no. It's all sports. But mostly, oh, all sports. Gotta be mostly football. But yeah, it's a lot of football. There's been a lot of scandals with the NBA, right?


Well yeah. The, the Referees shaven Points. Donahue, I think was his name. That was nuts. There's gotta be a lot of those dirt bags out there. Yeah. Which totally makes sense. And It's so funny too. 'cause the NBA, there's pro, like in football, there's this thing that happens where like every single down you could call holding if you wanted to, holding just happens. Oh, in every play. Right? Right. Every play. But what they tend to call are egregious holds. Meaning that the guy who's the defender is going past you. And you see the offensive guys arm extended pulling the jersey. They're like, I would call that basketball. It is so ticky tack what can be called and what can be ignored and what is ignored and what is called.


And it's just like ref to ref. Like there's these clear palming traveling charges. Like you, you see it sometimes. You're like, what was that like? Right. A fingertips like graze the guy's arm P and they fucking call the foul. Mm. And then somebody gets hacked no foul. Right. And it's just, you kind of go, well that's just like in the moment of the game. And like if that guy wants to be dirty, like the, the one was, You can make some money. Oh my God. Yeah. And if you got, you're working for the mob or something like that. Like this is your job. Your job is to shave points. Your job is to make sure that this, these guys don't score as much. They just keep calling the fouls on the other guys sending you to the foul line.


And God, keep that spread open. It's really gross, man. Yeah. It's A real problem with it with MMA too. Is there really? Yeah. Yeah. There's a real problem with MMA with, here's a problem with MMA gambling, incompetent judging. Well that's The thing. Is it incompetent or is it dirty? Dirty With boxing too? Yeah. We've never seen anything. Oh yeah. Because like even the lay person can watch someone beat the shit outta somebody and be like, this guy's fucking whooping this guy's ass. And then you See the decision go the other way. And you're like, what Happened? There's been a few decisions like that. There was one lady in Vegas and she got barred from every referee or judging fights again.


So there's a few fights that she was involved with. Everybody was like, what the fuck? And she was the Yeah. We don't know. Common denominator. I don't know if she's ever been charged. I don't want mention her name. Yeah. But I know that there was like a real issue. It was a real issue with world title fights. Yeah. Where people are like, how the fuck Yeah. Is this because if, see look, if say if like your, say it's Canelo Alvarez is fighting someone that you know, he's gonna win. Yeah. You know, he's gonna be, but you can place a prop bet on it being a split decision or a majority decision. All you have to do is get one person to say it's a draw And that's it. And like, look, he's gonna Win.


He's gonna win. He's gonna win either way. But if I want to place a shit ton of money Yeah. On this one thing, some dirty judge could score to draw. Yeah. And you just have to convince that dirty judge, like, just listen, it doesn't matter. You're not affecting this guy's career. Yeah. He's gonna get the win. No one's gonna remember. Just make it a majority decision. Yeah. And you just gotta justify why you thought I'm, I'm a big fan of defense. Yeah. I think the other guy, just like, we blocked a lot of punches. I thought it was great. It's really, it's, there's so many, I feel like in combat sports where the judging is, It is so Subjective.


Yeah. But it's just for a fighter, the crazy thing is you lose half your purse. Yeah. Because like, you might get, you know, a hundred thousand to fight and then a hundred thousand dollars to win. And so if they, they hit you with a bullshit decision, you lost a hundred grand. That's because some hometown decision or some corruption. Yeah. It's really unique that you have a sport when you think about it, where there's a subjective right. Winner. Right. It's not like football. Right. We're like this, the Score every time to score. Yeah. Basketball ball goes in the net score. You can shave points, You can bullshit, you know. Yeah. Yeah. But if you got a, if you're playing Michael Jordan, he's gonna score on you. Yes. Like you, what you got, how are you gonna stop him?


You're not gonna stop him. Right. So like the numbers he puts up are the numbers he puts up. But in boxing and in MMA, like remember when Roy Jones lost in the Olympics? Do you remember that? Yes, yes. Yes. He Lost the Olympics in Korea. Yeah. And he fucked that dude up. Yeah. He beat that dude from Pillar to Post. That was corruption. That was 100%. Yeah. It was nationalism. Yeah. It was like, it was in Korea. Like Koreans are very proud and they're like, he won. Like what? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Boy Jones Jr. In his prime in the Olympics. I mean, not even in his prime yet, But Yeah. He fucked that guy up. Fucked That guy up. Yeah. And you know, there's been a few decisions like that in boxing where you're like, how is this, What was the one? 'cause I, I watched a video on this I think recently too, where I was like, oh, what was the explanation where it was Kennedy, Tim, right?


Is that his name? The fighter Tim Kennedy. Right? Is that his name? Sure. Fighting the, the Cuban guy. Yeah. Well, Romero. Yeah. Yeah. That was a really, that was a bad one. That was bad. That Was a bad one. Yeah. That was a Where like, you know, I Wanna, I don't know if that's the referee's fault or whatever, but he didn't get off of his stool. So Kennedy, Tim had rocked him real bad at the end of the round, like real bad. And then Yoel came, went to his corner, wobbling fucking out of it. And at the end of the one minute break that you're supposed to have sat on the stool, it should be, it's over. It's over. Should be. It's over. But he got an additional, I wanna say more than 30 seconds to recover before he got, and then he wind up beating Tim, but also psychologically for the guy who was fucking him up for Tim.


It's like, no, this fight is over. Yeah. You're fucking Me. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm Getting fucked here. Yeah. Yeah. And so then you're, Your brain starts to, And then you get out of your fight mindset, which has to be zen because He is get, you're getting into the injustice mindset. Like why isn't anybody fucking doing Anything? Yes, yes, yes, yes. And it was, that was just like a Yes. Oversight. It was crazy. Yeah. I don't know who to, I don't want to pass blame. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Someone fucked. But it was a crazy one. But someone fucked Up. It should have been in my mind the one minute, get up, are you gonna get up fight's over? This guy won. Yeah. That's it. He retired on his stool. Fuck you. Yeah. Fight's over. That's what it should have been. In my, in my mind. Also, when the fight, when the, the round does go over one minute and the guy doesn't get up.


You've, you put a burden on Kennedy that is just like totally unfair. Yeah. Totally unfair. Especially when he was rocking him at the end of the round like this. This is like the more time he gets to recover. There's a reason why in boxing you can only get 10 seconds. Yeah. You know, the more time he gets to recover, the more it's possible that he can win. This is not fair. Yeah. Like, it's supposed to be one minute and that's it. If the fight doesn't restart at one minute, he's not ready. It's over. Yeah. So that's only happened once. And unfortunately for Tim, it happened to him. Yeah. That does suck. It was a Bummer. Yeah. It was a bummer because Yoel Romero went on to, I mean, Yoel was a freak of all freaks. So like Yeah. The guy could recover.


And he was also like, just built like a superhero. Oh. He looked like a goddamn, he of pit bull. He's A part of the Cuban athlete program. Yeah. Yeah. Fucking traps in the heads, bro. Everybody Who fought him said that like, hitting him hurt, Hitting him. So he was like, he was like, made out a medal. They all said that. Everybody said like, everybody like Robert Whitaker, who beat him twice, who was the middleweight champion. He's like, every time you hit him it hurt you. Like he's just different. Yeah. Freaky guy. Yeah. So like, if Chad Koko thinks he was gonna beat that guy, No. Like, listen bro. No. Like there's people like you out there Yeah. That also really know how to fight.


Yeah. You know, like, there's like people that have that that's a problem with like, really tough guys. They think they're the only one like that. Like Yeah. It's like you don't wanna discourage that in a fighter. Yeah. 'cause that's the thing that gets them to a championship level in the first place, is this belief that they're just different Yeah. Than everybody. They're, they're the chosen one. They're, they're destined for this. But the wake up call that those guys get when they get knocked unconscious is the craziest thing. It's like the reality. Like, oh my god. Right. I am the victim now. Yeah. I am. What I have been doing to other people, someone just did to me. And now it's over. That has to rock you on such a deep level.


The deepest. Well, 'cause it's also, it fucks with your identity. Exactly. Like who you are. Oh yeah. Your worth, Your whole Yeah. Yeah. Your whole self worth. Your Girlfriend's not attracted to you anymore. Yeah. You just got laid out. You're like, what the fuck? Yeah. Like, everybody thinks of you as a loser now. Yeah. Hey, I had a rough one Saturday. Huh? What happened? What happened? Hey, what happened? And all your, that fat stupid fucking neighbor. That's happy that you're a loser now. Yeah. Like, yeah. Wasn't your night up pal? Yeah. That Was to all Of us. And you're like, Hey man, fuck you. Yeah. Like, listen, you know, maybe fucking take a job where you're not getting punched in the head. Stupid. Don't get mad at me. Yeah. You know? Exactly. People love it when the dominator fails. Yeah. We like to, you know, it's funny because we like to like society.


I think I feel, I don't know if it's just all over the world or it feels like it's kind of American. We'd love to discover someone, ride with them. Want everyone to know this is who I've been with this person from the beginning. See them reach a certain height and then go, Oh, fuck him. Fuck that guy. And then bring him down. You see it all the time. Well, because our society's infested with bitches. Yeah. Like apartment filled with roaches. Our society's infested with bitches. Yeah. And there's always gonna be people that don't do their best, that don't go for things, that don't try real hard, that never put themselves out there. And so someone, when someone does and fails, they're like, ha ha.


Yeah. And they wanna troll 'em on social media. Yeah. You know, You're not better than me. I tell so many fighters. You gotta stay offline. 'cause I, I've talked to fighters like when they're arguing with people online. Yeah. And I, and I'll meet 'em, I'll see 'em. I go, Hey man, listen to me. I know you think you're doing like you're shutting these people up. If you ever see you, I'll fucking smack you. Yeah. Dude, I'm telling you right now. You gotta stop doing this. Yeah. You gotta stop engaging and stop reading these things. This thing is, it's poison. You're reading poison. And it gets into your head. It gets into your head like while you're training. I'm sure. And when you think about it while you're training, I know it does. It's like a lot of these guys are very fragile. 'cause a lot of these guys got like, bullied and picked on, which is why they got into fighting in the first place.


Yeah. You know, to like, defend themselves. Right. And then You're getting bullied by a hundred thousand unknown, anonymous 15 year olds. And your neighbor. Yeah. Your neighbor's hoping for your downfall. Dude, I was reading this story about this lady who, it, this girl, this young girl was getting like mercilessly trolled online and she found out it was her Mom. Yes. I saw this story, Bro. It's like incomprehensible. Incomprehensible. There's monsters out there That just, that's a monster to do that to your daughter. She's just jealous of her daughter's looks and popularity.


Fucking cra that's a monster. Monsters are Real. Yeah. Yeah. You can't, you know, you can't like fucking Gandhi everything. No you can't. You know, satnam the whole world. Ah, yamete namaste. Yeah. No, that's not real. No. Like there's people out there you gotta kill. Yeah. This happened to like, some soccer player too. I remember I watched like a doc on him. It's, it's like kind of vague to me, but he was getting totally like mercilessly trolled and attacked by someone. And it turned out to be one of his friends. Oh yeah. Marvin Gaye got killed by his dad. Yeah. That's, Do you wanna hear something crazy? I was dating this girl and I was a giant Marvin Gaye fan.


I think she, I think she didn't like it that I was a giant, she was like kind of a cunt. What? She was kind of a cunt. And one of the things that she said was like, imagine how bad of a person he was that his own father killed him. And I was like, that's what you got out of this. That's your perspective. That's what you got of this. That she was such a bad person. Like what, what could he have done for your, that would've justified his father shooting him and killing him? I'll tell you what he did. He, he fucking out shown his father. Yeah. That's what he did. Yeah. He, he reached levels of love that his father couldn't possibly have achieved in his life. And he, his father realized I'll never be as good as my son. Fuck my son. And he hated him because of that.


Yeah. I mean, I'm sure there's probably a bunch of other stuff involved too. Sure. But, but that's dark man. Dark. You shot your son, you shot your son, you shot your son. And it is not like your son was trying to kill you. No. And you had to defend yourself and shoot him. No, he's a, he's just an amazing singer that the whole world Loved. Yeah. And he probably has a bitch ass friend. Yeah. Look at you man. Yeah. Your son Marvin's killing it. And you're just a fucking loser. A fucking kid. What was the, because I always knew that the father like, did it, was it like a clear cut murder? Like homicide one? Oh yeah. Place. Oh yeah. Father just shot him. And there was a, it was an interesting thing because I think what had happened with Marvin Gaye was Marvin had achieved like incredible fame, but he got fucked over in some record deal where he had like no money.


Yeah. I think he had like, yeah. Like Everybody in that era, bro. So fucking predatory Bro. You wanna talk about predatory the Worst corporations music business is like the most disgusting. Do you ever read the thing that Courtney Lover wrote? Wrote about it? About the music business? A lot of people don't even think she wrote it because it's too, too good. But it was essentially a breakdown of how bad the music business fucks you. Yeah. And this is at a time where you actually sold records. Tons of them sometimes. Yeah. Yeah. Because now it's now the music business. Like, it's like the mask is off. Like it doesn't provide any value. Yeah. And they still take 50% of your touring, which is Touring Crazy. Yeah. 50 50. They do 50 50 deals, merch touring. Yeah. And then what are they gonna do?


What are they provide? They can't even get you on the radio 'cause the radio doesn't exist. Yeah. Like you, you know, that's why people that break through from that model, like Oliver, Anthony, or you know, Tyler, the creator's a great example. Like just makes his own stuff. Yeah. Puts it all. And it doesn't have to be, people Don't even realize that in that era too. You would, after your tour, after your tour and your hit album, that you'd be in debt Oh yeah. To the record company. So they're like, you gotta do another album. Oh yeah. And the record company's all rich. Yeah. Everyone's profiting. Yeah. And then also they want you to subsidize the failures. Yeah. All these boy bands that they pushed that never made it. Yeah. All the money that they put into that. That's a part of the accounting So insane.


And Then Hollywood does the same thing. They, they would do the same thing with like how much money a movie made. Yeah. Like there's been tons of lawsuits Yeah. That are involved. That kind of stuff. Wait, but where were you with Marvin? You're like, he's broke. Yeah. So he, I I, if I remember the story correctly, it was so depressing. I didn't even wanna like really get into it because I think he had become huge superstar and then didn't have any money. Which is, it's happened more than once. Yeah. Like, and I think he might have had to move back in with his parents. No. Yeah. I think that's really, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's the story. See if you can find that.


I'm Looking, I don't know. I mean, it says he bought his dad Cadillac, but this his years later Though. Right. But the thing is like, he might've like bought him money when the money was flowing in. Yeah. Right. I just, and then after a while, you know, that's the other thing that happens with artists. Like artists are impulsive, so they spend all their money. Yeah. Yeah. And then they, they, they don't really like how many artists get given like a Mercedes-Benz by, you know, the, the head of a a label and they think like, oh shit, I'm killing it. Meanwhile it's a leased car. Yeah. You know, and they're just siphoning money out of You. Yeah. Someone's writing that loss. Yeah. You're just getting fucked. You're getting fucked left and right and right and left And you know, and all they do is sell art.


You know, they, all they do is sell art and they don't make any of it. And they make more money than anybody. That's real. It's so cr people didn't know. 'cause now if you are into music, whatever, you don't realize how much it was a thing to have music videos. Right. Like that used to be such the biggest thing. And a lot of artists, especially like the young artists didn't even know that they were paying for the music video. Yeah. So like the label would be like, go shoot your video. And they'd be like, cool, it's a million dollars. Yeah. And they'd be like, great. And then they're like, oh no, you're gonna pay for that. Right. But they tell 'em later, well we gotta deduct that million. They're like, wait, what? They're not sophisticated. No, they're not finance majors. Which is what we're talking about earlier. Yeah. You should learn that in School. Yeah. No idea that you're like, wait, I paid, I thought you guys are paying for this.


No, no, No. It's kind of funny that the video a like everything is visual. You know, like everything's visual now. There's so much video that people watch. But yet music videos kind of went away. I know. Except Kanyes. Except for That one. We definitely all saw. And The new one looks like he made it for $40. Yeah. Like it doesn't, it's pretty, I mean it's like you got a drone and a bunch of people Yeah. You know, on Hitler And he had like the black light kind of effect. Yeah. Yeah. Doesn't seem like that cost a lot of money. No, I don't think that probably costs a lot. You can make things now too for so much less. Oh. With The ai It's so accessible. Yeah. With ai you don't even have to have the actual people doing it. Yeah, that's true. Which is really crazy.


Like what you could do now is nuts. My daughter was showing me some stuff that you could do with just photographs where she could take photographs and then she throws 'em through this filter and then they're dancing around and moving. You're like, this is nuts. Yeah. So all you need is a photograph. And especially if you chose to have like effects in it, like some sort of psychedelic fucking weird, you know, things where things morph and change. It could all could be done with AI now. That's incredible. Easily. Well there's, there's articles out about some studio, maybe it's here in, in Texas. I got the, somebody sent me the link to this that this company wants to Yeah.


They wanna start making studio quality movies for 500 KA AI movies. I bet they you can make it for cheaper than that. But that's, Yeah. These are, I mean that's, They'll probably have AI write the script, man. I mean if you thinking about something like dumb ass fucking cop movie, you know, some silly bank heist movie. Yeah. You got a hero who's gonna go in and fucking kill the bad guys. Fraction of the cost. Yeah. You could write that easy with just take all AI has to do. He is like, it's a large language model. Right. It always just search through Steve McQueen movies. Yeah. And Tom Hardy movies.


Write me a movie. Yeah. Guy Richie movies. Put it together. Make me a movie. No, it bums me out though. Like, I don't wanna watch that movie. It should. Yeah. What is this? This is The company, this is the first piece they made And it shows a little bit about how they made it here. They the Woman with red hair. Yeah. So they still are Doing so they at least they Also, they have actors. At least they have real actors, But then they're replaced God damn. Like, look, it looks so good. It looks so good. Like, that's not a real person. Isn't that crazy? Well she does. It's the uncanny valley. It looks a little weird. Yeah. But getting better all the time. And it, the only reason why it looks weird is 'cause it's so well lit. Like if you wanted to do it like Sin City style, there's no like Sin City. If Robert Rodriguez wanted to do sim Sin City today, the whole thing could be ai.


Yeah. Yeah. No one would know. No, that's crazy. Yeah. But these are all fake people. And dude, just a few years ago you couldn't do hair. Hair was weird. Right. You know, and so were like extremities, Right. Fingers. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Now, I mean, just in a short amount of time. It's incredible. Why is that? That's so interesting. Why are fingers like, you know, Good question. And the hair seems like it would take a lot of computing power. Right? Right. 'cause you have, you, you Have strands, single strands moving, you know, like Her hair's not moving. It's pretty static. Yeah, but it's no it isn't. Go back. No, no. I'm saying like, but it is all moving. Not the way it would It would if Yeah, you're right. Like right here. You're right.


Look at that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're right. Yeah. It's moving as like, almost like a little bit of a helmet. Like that would be a tell, like it's a little bit of movement, but not enough. Right. A little bit of bounce, but not like it's all spray painted. Like as if if her hair was like sprayed with a shit ton of hair spray. Yeah. It, it couldn't move at all. Right. That would kind of make sense. But it's not moving. So they all need that scene at the beginning of every of their movies. Like They Always do. It's pretty tough to do too. What is getting a good Font where you can't, that doesn't, you know, you can't read anything in a movie. You, you wouldn't need it. But interesting when you're looking for AI stuff, you Can sort of like look at fonts And it Interesting. Yeah. Look at that. Like, look at that font. It looks like ancient, like Sumerian text or something.


Like some That's interesting. Lost language. Yeah. Well like that one and the, the fingers and toes thing is like, I just wonder what the explanation is for that. Because that's a tell in photographs too, right? Yeah. And you see a photo you could be like, oh look, that's got like six fingers. Well, Remember that lady, the English lady that was missing? Was it Kate? She was missing forever. She's like, supposedly was sick. Middleton, Kate Middleton. She was sick and then there was a photo that was released of her look, she's fine. And everybody's like, no, this is fucking ai. Like in the photo, like people had six fingers and shit. That's weird stuff. That's weird Shit. In the photo there was like weird. Clearly edited. Yeah. It's gonna get way spookier.


Way, Way, way spookier. We're just touching it right now. Yeah. It just started. This is the infancy. This is ing the therapist. Yeah. Yeah. It's gonna be real weird. Like, actors should really save their money. You're gonna be useless in a short amount of time. I agree. And also if you have any type of, you know, recognition to you now, you gotta like, like get your image, You know what I mean? Like Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, but also like, how are you gonna stop China from just making Mel Gibson Movies? No, you're definitely not. You're not gonna, they're they're just gonna be like, I don't Care. Yeah. Fuck you. Fuck you. We're gonna make a Mel Gibson when he's 35 movie. Fuck off. Yeah. He's gonna play it here. We don't care. Yeah. Just the fuck off. We're gonna put it online.


Whatcha gonna do? It's So, so crazy. Run through 30 different shell companies. Yeah. You're never gonna find who made it. Yeah, yeah, Totally. And it's gonna get to a point where it's gonna be virtual, so it's like it's gonna be inside people's heads. You're gonna be able to exist inside the movie. It's things are gonna get so strange and they're gonna be so immersive so quickly. Yeah. That the matrix is a decade away. The real matrix where The real question is Where you are in the Amazon and you are barefoot and you feel the ground under your feet. Yeah. And you hear the monkeys and the birds and the bugs and the trees and you hear the, the sound of a panther nearby.


Like, that's gonna be real. It's gonna be real. And you're gonna be like, why do I even want to Go back to real life? Partake in the real world. Like, what's that guy's name? Joey Pants from fucking The Matrix when he's eating the, eating the steak, he's like, I wanna be important. I wanna be an important person. Yeah. Like, yeah. That's what people wanna do. They'd rather be an important person in the Matrix. That's so true, man. And we might be in that right now. That's the real mind fuck. The real mind Fuck is if they can eventually create a artificial reality that's indiscernible. How do you know whether or not you're already in it and you don't? Well, you wouldn't. Yeah. If it's, but There's a lot of evidence that we are That we're in it now.


Yeah. Yeah. There's a lot of evidence that reality, as we know it is not real. That it's too weird. Quantum entanglement, quantum particles being in super position. The fact that at a subatomic level, everything is kind of magic. Like nothing makes any sense. Also, that when you observe things, it changes the behavior of subatomic particles. Like what, what's that all about? What does that mean? Like no one really knows. It's like This. So I'm experiencing this in a, in an altered reality. I Think consciousness might be responsible for, for reality instead of consciousness is experiencing reality.


I think it might be both things. I might be, I think it might be consciousness is experiencing reality as well as consciousness is responsible for reality. How much of a mind fuck would it be if somebody unplugged you right now and you're like, this whole thing you've been doing pretty Mind fucky. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're like, but I mean, if anybody should believe in it, it's me. Yeah. Like, I don't, how is it possible that my life is like This? Yeah. Right. Doesn't Make any sense. No. I'm just like killing it in a video game. Yeah. Doesn't make Any sense. Doesn't make sense. No, but, but doesn't make sense. This is why like, for a fighter, like the loss must be so fucking unbelievably Devastating, right? Yeah. It's like the equivalent, right? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's over. Yeah. You know, like, and you see champions that keep coming back and keep getting knocked out and you're like, no, Don't do it again.


Fuck. You know? Yeah. And it just like, they can't believe it. Don't wanna see it Again. They can't believe it's over. But I was, I was the, I was the winner of the game. Yeah. I won the game. I was winning the game. Nope. Not now. Not anymore. No. Now reality has shifted and now on top of it, you've got brain damage. Oh fuck. Boy. That's worse than the version we get. Oh, It's the worst. Yeah. That's the worst version. Brain Damage is the worst because now you, the way you interface with reality might be damaged. Sort of like a car with a bad suspension out on the highway with the, the wheels shaking now. Like the way you interface with the universe Itself changes completely.


Yeah. So you're, you're taking a gamble. The highest amount of glory possible is like winning fights in front of the whole world. I mean, I would only imagine that like becoming a UFC champion and they, you know, put that belt on your waist and the whole crowd's like, yeah. And people at home are like, Fuck yeah, yeah, yeah. Fuck it. He did it. Holy shit. It's the craziest Holy text your friends. What A fight. Holy shit. That the love that person gets the accomplishment that person gets. Yeah. But the price, as you are risking the way you interface with reality itself, the brain, you're, you're risking the brain. And you might get out of it like George St. Pierre, you know?


Yeah. George St. Pierre. Fine, handsome, wealthy. Yeah. Perfect. Like intellectually And people are like, you're the man still Bro. Still the man. Yeah. Like, you know, whenever I talk to him is like, Joe Rogan and S things, everything is great, buddies all happy. You're like, boy, you fucking really pulled it off. You pulled it off. You really pulled it off. Yeah. You became a two division world champion. One of the greatest fighters of all time. And you're fine. Chuck me into one of them bad boys. Yeah. Man. I forgot about them. Rogues. I like those. Yeah, Thank you. The, but For most it's gonna end badly. Yeah. And for the most people, the crazier part to me is how many of those guys you go, Hey, if you could go back, you know, would you just change things?


And they're like, no. Some of them like go, I, I I love the glory so much. Like, you see it in fighting, you see it in like in the NFL or some of them are like, no, I'll accept the identity. Yeah. The identity is so huge. The identity, like to be a special person, there's no, you don't get to be a special person. Most people don't get to be a special person. And a special fighter is a different kind of special person. Yeah. It's like, that's a guy who took the craziest of risks. Like we all know. And you know, better than anybody how vulnerable the human body is. Oh my God. Your surgery and your injury. That sucks. Fucking horrible. So like, imagine if you had a fight and now like you were a big time fighter and you hurt yourself playing basketball with Burke Chrysler.


Oh my God. And then you gotta build yourself back up to fight again. But you kind of know that your left arm is kind of still fucked a Little bit. Yeah, no, it never, like, no matter how far you get from it, you, you still have the voice in there. Oh yeah. More so now, right? Oh, yeah. Because you're like, I never had that voice before. Oh yeah. Of like Watch out. Yeah. Be careful. Yeah. Don't do that. And I, you know, I've had three knee surgeries and not like, I'm having a problem with this left knee that I really hurt. The last time I hurt it pretty bad was skiing. And the last time I skied, 'cause I cracked the bone that's at the top of the tibia. But, and then I probably messed up the cartilage and shit in there too.


But it's still better than most people's knees. Like, it's better than a regular knee. Yeah. Like, like people are like, how, how bad is your knee? Like, it's not fucked up like compared to your knees, like a regular person's knees. Yeah. 'cause you But can I need my knee to be able to kick Yeah. 60 miles an hour and do a bag of sand? Yeah. Like I'm requiring different things from my knees than most people. Sure. But I know it's not the same. Yeah. Like, and if you're a fighter And you know you got a bum knee, like, even though nobody can tell while you're moving around, but you know, you know, And you know, your hand breaks easier now. Yeah. And you know, your neck hurts And you know, you got a pinched nerve And you know, your lower back gives out sometimes. And you know, you know, your kidneys kind of hurt 'cause you cut weight for too many years, you Know, sounds like you know, you shouldn't be fighting And You know, And you know, your, your memory's not so good anymore.


And then also, you know, you can't take a punch anymore. Like, a lot of guys know they get, they used to be able to take a great punch, but now you can't get hit. So now you're gun shy. Yeah. You know. Did you see Devin Haney's fight last weekend? No. He fought like, you know, Ryan Garcia fucked him up in the last fight in the Yeah. Dropped him a bunch of times. Yeah. And this fight, like it looks like he's done, like he's moving around just like it was just constantly moving. Who did he fight? This one, I forget the gentleman's name, but there were rounds where neither one of them landed a punch. The whole round. The whole Round. And Garcia, that's the one where he was, he won the fight, but then there was all this bullshit. He tested positive for some sort of performance enhancing metabolite at a very low level, by the way.


Like not a level where it would be performance enhancing. Yeah. So I don't know what happened. He says he didn't take anything or What ended up happening with the, the decision or the purse or whatever Did it got, it became a no contest. Oh. It became a no contest. Yeah. And I think he's also getting sued because, you know, his Devin Haney claimed that he won because he was on steroids. And that's a bad look. And, but you could tell it like mine fucked de Devin Haney and a lot of people like totally are, are writing off Devin Haney now. Which is crazy because I remember when he beat Kimbos, I was like, damn, Devin, Haney slick. He's so good. And now, like that guy is just, he was just moving constantly and still very skilled boxer.


But it just shows you like one devastating loss or an un can fuck you up defeated fighter can fuck you up. Yeah. And some guys, they come back and they're fine. You know, like Garcia for instance, like Dante Davis fucked him up bad. He came back and he was fine. Yeah. But then this weekend, or that weekend rather, he fought Rolly Romero and Romero dropped him and he lost the decision. So they were gonna like, set up a big rematch. Now nobody wants to see the rematch because they both lost. They both lost. Well actually Devin didn't lose, he won a decision, but he lost public credibility because it was a very boring fight. Still incredibly skillful boxer, world champion boxer. Like very good boxer.


But even the commentary like Antonio Tarver was like, I don't like the way he's moving. His footwork seems erratic. Like everything is like, he needs to settle down they Jose Ramirez. Yeah. But So Haney won this fight? Yeah. He won a decision. Okay. But it was the, the fans lost and this was this big event in Times Square. This is also a big event because Turkey Ashish the, the guy from Saudi Arabia, his Excellency is the guy who's dumping incredible amounts of money into boxing so that he can get these guys to fight each other. So he's putting, he's like, what do you need for the fight? How much to make this fight happen? Like, I need $10 million, like, done.


And they're like, what? Like, fuck, I should ask for 20. You know, like It's that kind of a situation. Yeah. 'cause the Saudis have so much money. So Oscar de la Joa was talking about this and he was saying, these guys are spoiled and they're afraid to risk anything. Right. Because the money's so much. Which is so interesting. Like, you need a guy who's willing to risk it all to really fucking go for it. And these guys aren't willing to do that. And I think the Devin Haney thing, it's one of those things where you see a guy who is an unbelievably skilled fighter but loses one fight and they're just not the same again. Not the same. Yeah. And Ante's still Ante's still killing it. Killing it. But he had that fight with Lamont Roach where it was a draw.


Yeah. And there was a legit draw. And you know, you could even make the argument that Roach won that fight and they're gonna fight again. And that should be very interesting. But I think it's also for boxers, there's a situation where You can only keep up the RPMs for so long. All the greats, they just, there's a certain amount of times that you can keep training a certain amount of times You can keep competing and like we're talking about like your arm, you know, it's kind of fucked up. Yeah. That happens with them too. Yeah. Like the ankles are bad, something's bad. Like I can't do the same level of output basically. Yeah. It's not the same. They're not the, they're not who they used to be. They might look the same, but they can't do what they could do five years ago, six years ago. Yeah. Yeah. It's hard. It's a hard sport, man.


And, but it's also because the glory is so high if you're successful, So great people are Willing to do it. Yeah. Yeah. Very crazy though. Yeah. Thank God. That's not how we make a living. Thank God, dude. If the UFC was around when I was competing, I 100% would've done it. And then imagine how dumb I would be now at 57 years old. Oh, I'd be a mess. A Lot of staring. Oh, I'd be a lot of like, drooling. And so, Hey, you look good. You losing weight. You losing weight. You goes, whatcha are you doing? He goes, you dieting good. You know, my brain would be like a four cylinder engine. Like all fucked up. No, it's Mis firing. No, it's, it's good. You, you didn't get into that too.


It is, but I think I Got the right amount of brain damage. Yeah. You've said that to me before. I think so. I think there's just a certain amount that you get that makes you just a little reckless. Yeah. A little Crazy. Just A touch. Yeah, just a touch. Yeah. I just gotta, yeah. Just a touch of brain damage. Yeah. That allows me to be, I, I like taking, I enjoy risks. Yeah. Like, I like 'em. They're fun. Me too. I, I have just, Did you have fall in your head? Yeah, I had a couple Devastating. Yeah, I bet. A couple bad ones. I bet it helps. Like I think I have some frontal lobe damage and Yeah. I, I think It, I think it has something to do with It. I do. I like calculated risks. Yes. I mean, I think if you take this career path, you enjoy risk clearly.


Yeah. Yeah. Well also you don't have any choices. Yeah. Like my thought was when I was first started, I was like, I can't work, I can't do it. But I know I can do things, but I can't show up and do a job all day for the rest of my life. I don't have that in me. I'm, I'm allergic to it. I, I didn't like, I was a latchkey kid, so like, I didn't get a lot of like, you gotta do this, you gotta do that. So the problem is like, I developed not having people tell me what to do. Yeah. So I can't listen. I think every, every comic has that thing too. Yeah. Where you're like, I can't have a boss. Also, I was around enough bosses that were just total cunts Yeah. And douche bags. Yeah. That I just like, in my mind, the boss is an asshole.


Right. Always. Always. Every time he's unappreciative fucking idiot who you gotta listen to him. 'cause he's responsible for your paycheck and he knows it. Yeah. So he gets to act like a douche bag and you can't go, Hey man, fuck you. Yeah. Who are you talking to? Why do you talk to people like that? You fucking idiot. Yeah. You can't 'cause he's the boss. He's The boss. Yeah. No, it sets you up for like, I'll figure out a way. I think if I hadn't done this, I would've, I definitely think I would, I would've started my own business of some kind. Yeah. You know what I mean? Would've been an entrepreneur of some kind. Yeah. Yeah. You Would've had to. Yeah. But that's, you know, how many people don't or they get roped in and then they have a bunch of responsibilities like family. No, it's a fucking, yeah. I mean, now we're at the age too, where you like, you can look back on 25 years of people, you know Oh my God.


Who are, who are like miserable. Oh my god. People that are in hell Yeah. In hell In hell yeah. Meanwhile we're fucking killing It. Yeah. You know, it's really Crazy doing fun things. Yeah. Is when people get outta standup and then they see everybody doing real well and they want to jump back in. And it's been like, I've gotten some messages from some friends that I know they haven't been done standup in a decade. And I'm like, you can't just get, you Can't just jump back in. No. Well, if you do, like, you gotta like start from the beginning. Yeah. Like start doing open mic nights again. Like you've been in the writer's room just doing writing for a sitcom for fucking eight years. You lose your footing so much in that time.


It's a different, it's a different, like sometimes I've had, you know, a week off, two weeks off even a month or something off where you're like, oh, like you're, you have sea legs. Like, you're just like, whoa, I can't imagine 10 years that, dude, It happened to a lot of writers when they got in the strike, you know, when the strike was going on. Like how long did that strike go on for? God, it was months Long ass, huh. Yeah. And these guys have mortgages. Yeah. And the kids are in private school and their wife likes to spend money. Yeah. Fuck yeah. And they're used to making, you know, half a million a year. Yeah. You know, doing real good. Yeah. And then all of a sudden it all dries up and like, Oh fuck. And then their, their savings account and their wife's like, what are you gonna do? Like, fuck, I think I'm gonna start doing standup again.


Like, and they start trying to put together an act and they wanna show up and then the club doesn't know who they are anymore. Oh God. Oh, giving Me anxiety. Yeah. Whoa. Scary. It's a scary feeling. It's The worst. But it's like this decisions that you make in life, like what are you going to do? Like what are you going to do with your life? Those are personal decisions, which is why they're like this whole free will versus determinism thing drives me crazy because these people that wanna believe there is no such thing as free will. Like yeah. You can do that cute little thing, but you know that free will's real because you know that you decide to get up in the morning. Yeah. Like you're telling me Jelly Roll didn't have free will to lose that 200 pounds.


No shit. Yeah. Perfect example. Yeah. Like, that's hard to do. Yeah. You're 400 plus pounds, you're fat as fuck, you're drinking and partying every night and then one day you put your foot down and go, that's it. Not doing this shit. Yeah. That's enough. I'm getting, I'm gonna get healthy. That's free. Will like what you're telling determinism like forced him into a position at 39 years old where he is all of a sudden gonna decide to lose all this weight And it has nothing to do with his free will. No, that's silly. Yeah. Will's a real thing. Of course. And we all have it and you can just deny it. But it's why I don't know, anything that you get you accomplish that's work is through, through free will.


It's through Right. Making choices, man. But then there is also a certain amount of determinism. If you grow up in a terribly abusive household and you're around drug addicts and violence, and then you go and commit that, it's almost like you Yeah. Have no other examples. You're you're It's True. It's, I get that, but you still make a choice. You Do. But you don't even know what a good choice is. That's because you've never even seen a good choice. That's, that's a, that's a valuable analysis that like you had a horrible modeling, so you just Right. You're just following a path you, you think is the only path. Right. And Some of those guys get involved in athletics, right? Yeah. Some of those guys get lucky and they become a fighter or maybe they, they get lucky and they become a musician or maybe they get lucky and they become something else or a comic.


Yeah. Yeah. But it's just the choices that you make in this life are that you don't know if it's the right choice while you're doing it. While you're making that choice. Well, I'm about to find out whether making this TV show was the right choice. Oh no. That's the right choice. No, I'll find Out. Do you have to piss? It seems like you're wiggling. I gotta piss. Yeah, I knew It. I knew it. Should we wrap it up? Sure. Listen, that what you showed me is amazing. Thanks, man. I'm sure it's gonna be fucking Bad Thoughts. When is it out? It's Tuesday. So the tomorrow. Tomorrow, Yeah. Fuck yeah. It's the, the stuff that I saw is amazing. It's fucking hilarious. Thanks a lot, Bro. I'm, I'm glad you're doing stuff, man. I'm just glad you're out there. I I'm, it's fucking beautiful to see. I'm very excited for it.


I'll tell you, it really, it, I know it's an overused term, but it, it really was a dream come true to do it. Well, You can tell, You can tell by how well it came out. It's, it's so ridiculous. It's so, you, it's such a signature Tom Segura type of humor. Thanks, man. It's awesome. I'm excited for it. Thanks for having me on, man. My pleasure, My brother. Anytime, always to Bye everybody.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Whether you're building the perfect vegetable garden or booking your dream summer vacation, you share your information with all different kinds of people and places, but not everybody who handles your personal information is going to be as careful as you. And it only takes one mistake to expose it to hackers and identity theft. Maybe that's why there's a new victim of identity theft every five seconds in the United States. Fortunately, there's LifeLock, LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a LifeLock US-based restoration specialist will help you solve identity theft issues on your behalf guaranteed or your money back. Plus, all LifeLock plans are backed by their million dollar protection package, meaning LifeLock will reimburse you up to the limits of your plan. If you lose money due to identity theft, you can't control how diligent others are with your personal information. But with LifeLock, you can protect it. Act now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use the promo code jr. E or go to lifelock.com/jr e for 40% off terms apply.