
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night all day. You can talk as long as you want. No, it's up to you time. It's up to You. I'll talk to you forever. I have so many questions. I'm very excited to meet you. Same. I've seen you in documentaries for decades. So many documentaries. I've watched so many things about Egypt. I'm completely fascinated by it. You know, I will tell you something. Do you know this guy used to, to do already a show? Late evening Art Bell. The best. He was The best. I need to say this on air. Okay? I need say the story on air. Okay?


Now, are we in air now? Yeah, We're on air. Art Bill used every everything to attack me. Bad you? Yes. Oh, how the, how say how the Egyptian can move stones. Oh, that's not true. The Egyptians cannot do that. Ba ba ba ba, ba. Then I was teaching at UCLA and he called me for an interview. I said, no, I'm not going to give you an interview until you come to visit me in Egypt. And he said, okay. He came with his wife. I took him to aqua that we are cutting stones to, to construct these things. Then I brought a stone, eight tons weight, and I brought a man on the edge of 70.


And I told this man, cut this stone that all the man stood above the stone. You know, stones has weak parts like us with a pencil. He draw a line from the beginning to the end. In the middle, he put a piece of iron, pump, pump. He cut it for twice. I said, art, the Egyptian doesn't use muscles. They use their brain. Because the pyramid was the national project of the whole nation. If you go today, if I take you today with me, And you know, I always tell people this, I give lectures maybe three, four times a week for American groups.


And I tell them the following, if you stood in front of the great pyramid and you look at it, you will never believe that this pyramid built by human being. Why? Because you don't know. A number two, if you try to do it today, you'll never be able to do it. Are you going to hire today 10 southern workmen to work for 10, for 28 years for nothing? That was the national project of the whole nation. I think art Bell's real concern was how would someone possibly move those stones 4,500 years ago? Okay. A lot of questions, Right? Yes, but can I answer you now?


Yes, please. Yes. Two examples. I will tell you, the first example happened a few years ago. I discovered a tomb in a site called phe. In the top of the tomb, there was a huge granite, sarcophagus, 20 tons weight. Okay? Okay. If you come to Egypt, have you been in Egypt? No, I haven't. You have to. If you talk about Egypt, I know I have to. You have to come. I know, but you have to tell me before you come. I'll come. I will tell you now. I promise I brought only 10 people because I called the minister of culture And I told them we found an intact too.


And the minister said, wait, I will bring the reporter, the press, and will do it live. I said, okay, but I hate to do anything live. Then I came to the site. I brought my workmen, tin workmen only moved the 20 tons, only by wooden stitches. We found underneath another sarcophagus, thin 10 tons weight of granite. We took the third one and we found underneath another, a third one, five tons weight. We took the five tons out and we found underneath a coffin with the mommy. And I told the welcome and put everything back, and I called the minister.


I said, you can bring the press will ate life. I never told them that I cheated him, but only in a side that I'm excavating right now. We do discover 60 feet under on the ground. We discover sealed sarcos. The lead is about 10 tons. Weight, two work command only. Open the lid for me. We have a machine called the Devil. I don't know why they called it the devil, devil, devil, okay, why? I know, I ask them. They said our grandfathers called it like that. Then they broke. This Is an ancient machine. It It is an ancient machine. Jamie Could probably pull it up.


It's probably online. Then they, they put this machine under, under the lid, and they come doing it like this. And there is the lid, little bit. So when the lid, the lid is laced, they put a piece of wood, another piece of wood, okay? Until there is a half a feet that I can put right my face inside with the sarco with a flashlight to see what's inside the C. That's what we, because the people today are the descendants of the ancient Egyptian. There is a, a village located north of Lor.


And this village, all the people work in antiquities. And they know, if you look at their faces exactly like the Egyptian people and all the people working with me, I'm ex Execut right now in Giza. We're going to tell you good news in inside the great pyramid that we found, and also in sakara and l And this why in my lecture tour. Now I'm making major important announcement that we'll talk about it with you today. Okay? What, what did you find? Now, you know, can I call you Joe? Please Do. And you call me Zahi. Okay? Now, You know, I do receive fan emails.


You've receive emails Fan, Fan emails About 50 a week. Some of them bad ones. Some people think that I discovered evidence to prove that pyramids built by aliens or ization, and I hide them. I never answer these questions, but to you, I tell you, how do I, how can I hide anything? I'm not working alone. I'm working with people. You, you cannot hide anything 'cause people will see you. And I'll tell you a joke, it happened, but it's a joke.


A reporter came to see me from California to my office, and my office was located next to great perimeter of fu. And he said to me, people say at 12 noon, you leave your office and you go to the bathroom and you open a tunnel from your bathroom, really? Is what he said. And you go from the tunnel to the great pyramid. Oh. And you hide things and you come back. I said, okay, what do you need from me now? He said, I want to see your bathroom. This really happened. He went to my bathroom. Did he check all the panels? And He came back and said, have you seen any tunnels in my bathroom?


He said, no. I said, what are I going to do now? He said, I will publish your bathroom and the internet, and therefore if you want see my bathroom, write www bathroom.com Is that much of an issue that people really believe it. They do that you had to make a website for it. They They do, they do believe in this. Yeah. And, and some of them attack me badly. Well, That's part of the problem, right? Is that the Egyptian pyramids and just Egypt in general is so spectacular. The accomplishments of the ancient Egyptians were so monumental and so above anything that anybody had ever achieved. And since You know what they've done thousands and thousands of years ago, still to this day, puzzles people when they try to figure out how it was built.


This episode is brought to you by blinds.com. Here's the deal before blinds.com. Getting custom window treatments used to mean booking an appointment, waiting around for a quote and crossing your fingers that it wouldn't cost a fortune. blinds.com absolutely disrupted the industry. These guys came in and flipped the whole custom window treatment game on its head. Wanna do it yourself? Cool. Want that full white glove treatment? They've got you. Maybe you're somewhere in the middle. Yep. Still got you covered. Shop completely online. Talk to one of their design pros for a virtual consultation. Or just get free samples and handle it your way. No matter how many window treatments you get, installation is one low cost with no hidden fees. blinds.com is covered over 25 million windows so they know what they're doing. Plus every order's backed by their 100% satisfaction guarantee. Memorial Day deals are happening now@blinds.com and JR. E listeners, get an exclusive 40% off your entire order. Just go to blinds.com and use the code Rogan 40 at checkout Limited time, offer rules and restrictions apply.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. Summer is almost here, and you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered Catamaran. That's a no lemon meringue. That's a yes. A day in the sun. No, a bottle of rum. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely help you out with that. Get almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You must be legal drinking age. Please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by Region C App for details.


I will tell you, You'll tell me how it was built. Of course. Okay. I How do you know? How do you know we, How, how do You know? I found all the evidence of building the pyramid. I, we, we published a book, 1000 pages. This book is a Bible of the pyramids of Giza Plateau. Okay, tell me how they did it. Now, what we found out, the major problem that people think about pyramids because most of the information that written on pyramids are wrong. Most of It, most of it In archeology books. In archeology books Really, Except me and Mark Le, You guys are the only ones that have it, right?


Because we, I'm have been working in Giza for the last 57 years of my life. I excavated every bishop of sand. Okay, let's, what do, what do the archeologists have wrong in these archeologists books? For example, number one, they say that the workmen who built the pyramids worked only four months a year when the flood covered the whole country. The king hired the welcome to work this pyramid. This is wrong. And I'll tell you what's correct. Number two, that the stones used in building the great pyramid came from Torah. And Torah is a 25 mile to the east from Giza.


And number three, that fu ruled for 23 years. And number four, that the stones of the great pyramid are 2,000,300 soldier blocks. How many blocks are there? Now let us talk about number one, the workman. Okay, the workman. I found the tombs of the pyramid builders only one mile south of the sink. A major important discovery that can tell everyone. Number one, that pyramids built by Egyptians because of the names that we found inside the cemetery. And there were no slaves.


Because see your phone I To I have to, Yeah. Kill that thing. Kill It. You are right. I always, because I do lots of interviews, I always close it. Oh, I get it. Except it today. No worries. Nobody knows how to shut these things off anymore Then. Now this Discover. Okay, so explain. So you found the pyramids. Excuse me. You found the workers' pyramids graves a mile away away, One mile south, Okay. Of the Pyramids. And by their names Then. Then I found names of the workmen. I found the lower symmetry. The lower symmetry were for the barrier of the workmen who moved the stones.


And the upper symmetry was for the technicians. Right? And how do you know this? I will tell you. Okay, now the tombs down there are very primitive tombs built from mud, brick cost. Nothing. Underneath is a skeleton. And if the skeleton is for a man, he's holding a bi jar. You want to drink beer in the afterlife. If the skeleton is for a woman, she has a perfume vessels. She wants to have perfume in the afterlife. Inside the upper cemetery, I found twin T one titles in graphic. For example, the overseer in graphic of the side of the pyramid.


Oh, it says that the overseer of the side of the pyramid In the overseer of the west side of the pyramid, draftsman craftsman, the one who stand in front of the Harper. All these titles had to do with building the pyramid. Inside the tombs, we found the tools that the Egyptian used to cut the stones, what Tools You write and a Flint tools. Because in the old kingdom there was no iron. Are these photos of these tools available online? Can we look at them? Yeah, I can send it to you. Can we See them online? Are they online? No. In my book, Giza and the pyramid system, it must be, I know if it's online, I'm sure it's online.


Online. So Jamie, you'll find it. So these stones, these tools were flint and dur, right? What is dur, right? Dur, right? D-I-O-R-I-T-E. Dur, right is more sharp stone than iron. And it came from quarry south of Aswan. So you feel like they used this very hard stone to cut into the ground, Cut the stone and, and I'll come back to this cutting the stones. Okay, but let me continue about the workman, okay? To the east of the tombs, we found an area for sorting salted fish. We found an area for the bakery making bread.


We found the workman barracks for the workmen who have the stones to live. We found a whole city for the technicians. For the artisans. And we discovered thousands of animal bones because people always say that the workmen who built the pyramid, they ate only garlic and a print and drink beer. And I thought if they do that, they will die. But now we discovered that they slaughter 11 cows and 33 goats every day. And this can feed 10,000 workmen a day. Then we believe now, and I published that the workmen who built the pyramids were 10,000 workmen.


And they working every day and they took one day off everything days. Joe, I want to tell you the pyramid was the national project. The three millions who lived in Egypt had to build the pyramid for the king to be a God. And therefore the households in the south and the north of Egypt participated in building the pyramid by sending workforce and food to help be the king. Now we come to the second point, the stones, we discovered that all the stones of the three pyramids at Giza, the stones came from quarries in the site itself. Even the king's chamber.


No, except, except the granite. The king chamber. And And where'd that come from? From Asis. And that's 500 miles away, right? Yes. By the flood. The flood was, And those were 50 to 80 tons. It doesn't matter. It doesn't. Yes, I would, if I was working there, it would matter. I'm Care. What? No, because I showed you, I showed you not only 50 tons, it's 20 tons. Now, what we found out first, how the Egyptian built the pyramid they make on the ground a square base. Okay? Okay. And after that, they cut in the solid rock in the four sides.


I, you know, I'm going to tell you one thing, Okay? If you tell me that pyramids built by giants, okay? I'll say, okay, come to the excavation. All the skeleton that you discover are five to six feet high. Nothing about Giants. Who's saying they were built by giants? Some People say That. Oh, okay. The second I've heard aliens, okay, The second aliens, if Joe, if aliens build the pyramids, do they leave any, do they shit sometimes aren't going to shit? Maybe aliens don't shit. If they don't shit, are they going to everyone shit to leave something on the ground?


Right? On the contrary, I give you the evidence. Every evidence that they will tell you today of Actual workers. Of Actual workers, right? And what's happening now, we come about building the pyramid. All the stones I told you came from Giza Plateau. We found out what happened first, they cut in the solid rock, Okay? And they made the base of the pyramid to be 28 feet on the solid truck. No stones. Do you get this? Yes, we have in Egypt 120 pyramids. We don't have only Kofu pyramid, right? That everyone is talking about. You have 120 pyramids.


This is one of them, right? But the reason that this pyramid is so accurate and strong, because GI Plateau is the only site in Egypt of the pyramids. It's a part of the Bocato formation. It has three levels. Level one and two are variable stones. But level three is the top quality of the stones that the Egyptian uses stone to build the pyramid. Thereafter, they make the base of the pyramid to be 20 feet, each of stone, we found out 1000 feet away, we found out the quarry location, all The stones. So they only had to bring the stones 1000 feet Only, only the stones that the stones that came from outside are the casing stones.


And I will talk about this now later, okay? That came from Torah, and granite came from as one. And the casing stones were the outside smooth surface. Exactly. Lines came from Torah. Okay? Then Now, when we discovered the quarry location and the base of the pyramid, we thought how they, they established the ramp, you know, the ramp right? To Move, to move the stones, right? We found out if the Egyptian will make the ramp from the quarry to the base, it'll never happen. Because when you raise the base, you need to extend the ramp. We found that out. Listen to this carefully, okay? That the only way to have a permanent ramp is to come to the south west corner of the main pyramid.


They built the ramp like this, Okay? And I excavated, and these are photos in my book, Giza and the pyramids. I excavated from here to her. When the Egyptian construct a ramp, when they finish building the pyramid, they demolish. They demolish the ramp. They cannot demolish all of it. They have to leave something in the ground. Okay? Do you, Do you get this? Yes. I excavated from her to her. I found in situ remains of the, Are there photos of this? Of course, in my book. Okay, let's, let's find the photos of the equipment first.


I can't, can't find anything. I, I'll show you what I was, it's in my book. What did you find? Well, not Nothing, Nothing. The how is that not on mine? That doesn't even make any Sense. It's in my book. Giza and the Pyramids. Maybe Look up this, This. These are the themes from book. This are the tombs of the pyramid Builders right there. This is the excavation.


This episode is brought to you by the farmer's Dog. Dogs take a lot of care and responsibility, but every minute is worth it. They add so much to our lives. I would do anything for my dog, and I'm sure you would too. You probably only want the best for your pets. But figuring out what that is could be a real headache. There's a lot of misinformation out there, especially around dog food. Take kibble for example. Nearly everyone is probably fed their dog kibble at some point. But if you do little digging, you'll find out kibble is an ultra processed food. You'll notice that it comes in these bags with buzzwords like premium, with pictures of juicy meat and fresh vegetables. But inside it's dried pellets. And the vague serving suggestions make it really hard to get the portions right. And luckily there's a simpler, better option. The farmer's dog is healthy food from people who care about what goes into your dog's body. They make dog food that's actually real food. It's meat and vegetables lightly cooked. And it's developed by board certified nutritionist to be complete and balanced and made to the same safety standards as our food. Unlike kibble, it's proportioned just for your dog's needs. That makes it easy to get your dog to the right weight and keep them there, which is one of the biggest predictors of a longer, healthier life. I mean, it's the same for us too. When you eat right, when your body gets all the vitamins and nutrients it needs, you just feel better. Look, no one dog or human should be eating highly processed foods for every meal. And it doesn't matter how old your dog is, it's always a great time to start investing in their health and happiness. So try the Farmer's dog today. It can help your dogs be healthier, happier, and more energetic. You can get 50% off your first box of fresh, healthy food at The Farmer dog.com/rogan. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to The Farmer dog.com/rogan, tap the banner or visit this episode's page to learn more offer applicable for new customers only.


And this all what I discovered. This is my discovery of everything. Every piece of sand here tells us about the builder of the, the pyramid. But let me continue this. I will come to you the now. Let us, let us, if you go to my book, you'll find out that you, I found here that you write and the Flint tools, listen, the Now I will come. The stones for building. The pyramid came from the plateau. The casing came from Torah. Now we come to how, how many years ago for ruled Joe? There is one big discovery happened few years ago. Are these the the tools?


No, no. This is tools for for artists. Yeah. The, the tools in my, in our book, which is Big Do right Tools and Big Flint tools, big ones. And why is this not online? Would never put it in online. It's in my book. Right? But I mean, wouldn't that be everywhere? I mean that's such a huge archeological discovery. It's not, it's because it's everywhere. It's not only in the welcome and only it's in every site. You have these tools in many sites. Right? But why aren't these tools online? That's all I'm asking. Ask the people online, but they're in remains in my book. Are They in a museum somewhere?


There is some in the chiro museum. Yes. So there should be a photograph of them in the museum. Okay, what would Jamie look for? But I don't know. I'm just like asking Them. Now I want to come to what Museum would have them? Kyro Museum. Cairo Museum would have those tools. Yes. Okay. Now, few years ago, a major discovery happened for the first time. It is the first time that we have written evidence about building the pyramid of Fu. When did this happen? Three Years ago. Really? It's called El jf Papa. Oh, Do you want to know what's in this papa?


I do. This papa was found in Sinai in a port belongs to Fu. And inside this port there was caves. And inside the caves found remains of boat and this big ba charge. Huge. There it is. That's it. Exactly. Okay. And what does this say? Now, First of all, how old is that? 4,600 years ago. Isn't that amazing? And listen, you can Find writing 4,600. So papyrus was made with animal skin, correct? No, Paps was of of papyrus from the papa.


Right? What is, what Is the pap is just like leaves. Okay, Now, but listen to the papa. It is a diary of, of an overseer of the work. His name is Meer, M-E-R-E-R. Okay. Me is saying I am sge in hieroglyphic means an inspector under me working 40 workman. I was hired by FU to work in his pyramid, this in graphic. And he said my big, my, my immediate boss, his name is Diddy.


Like p Diddy. Diddy, yes. Now, Okay. 20 years ago in my excavation waste of the great pyramid of fu, I discovered 20 tombs. Are these the tools? No, no, no. This not the tools. No, no. The tools are really sharp type of big tools. We found some of them. What is that Jamie's looking at? What are these? These, this Could be this. The tomb in the lift is like them The the left here That those tools Are No, no, no, no more.


No doubt. No. Where, You know here there is two, there is more to the left. To the left, to the left, to the left. To the left. No, again, What This two tools. You mean up Down? What are you talking The second one? After this one, that's it up, that's it. And this one. Oh, those. Those. Yeah. But don't those look exactly like the other photograph? We just had those up there that looks like the heads of these things. But this One, the smalls, I'm talking about big ones. So that's, these are tools for, for making statues and things like, but not cutting the stones. Oh, I see. So these are the same kind of tools though, with the same kind of Materials.


Yeah, but let me talk about the bapi again, okay? Because this many people doesn't know about this. Okay, then Mayor said, my bosses name is Didi. 20 years ago I excavated west of the great pyramid of fu. I found 20 tombs beautiful ones. I published all of them except one small tomb I said is not important. Three years ago, I found this is the tomb of Didi, the person that he was the boss of mirror. And I published this tomb. You can find this tomb online now. It's called Didi tomb by west of the great parameter of fu.


Now listen, Joe, what mayor said. I took my workman this in graphic. We went to Torah to cut the white fine limestone. This sentence means that the pyramid was finished and mayor went to bring the stones for the casing. And he said, I'm not alone. There is many other gangs are cutting the stones. An Torah is north and south. And he said, I divided my gangs to three gangs, one gang to cut the stones.


And one gang is smoothing the stones And it smoothing the stones with the right tools to face the stones for the casing. And after that, he said, and the third group moving the stones in wooden ledges to us, This is all in the papa. In the papa, right to a cargo boat. What happened in the old kingdom? We have evidence that the river Nile, the Egyptian cut to the west of this river Nile, another Nile to be near the pyramid from this Nile, they cut a canal at the end of the canal.


There is a harbor in front of every pyramid. I discovered in my excavation in front of Fu pyramid, there is a village called, in this village, the people who are building houses underneath the houses. We, we found Baal Walls. I stopped the construction of the houses and I excavated the whole area. I found this is the harbor of Gofo. And I published this in an article and I excavated in front of the French temple and I found the harbor of Keran.


And it's published now, the reason for the canal and the harbor to bring non-local stones. Granite from aswan, alabaster from middle Egypt, do right from, from dur, right from noia, Baal, from white limestone, from Torah. The Egyptian had everything. So they essentially cut a second canal. They cut a canal just so they can move the stones to where they wanted them. And they discovered all of this. And this is published if you right. Ha. And so this was all the casing stones.


Exactly right. Is it possible that the casing stones were put on later? No. After you finished building the pyramid, right? There is two important things. When they finished building the pyramid, I discovered in a site called a, I discovered two scenes. One scene commend dragging a capstone above the capstone is graphic word called jam. So where's this, Where is this? This, There's, this is in hieroglyphs, the dragging the capstone. Yes. Can we see this? Find out. I know if it's internet or not, But that What would Jimmy Abu would Jamie look for? Look for discovery in a, How much do you think was lost during the burning of the library of Alexandra?


A lot. Of course. Everything. Right? Everything. And this why, what I'm telling you based, I have been excavating in Giza Jo for the last 57 years. I know every piece of sand in the site. And I won't tell you one thing also. Okay? I am the only Egyptologist who have an open mind, really? That I review. I always, look you're only one. I al yes. I always look at what the public say. And I will tell you about this later. Okay? I'll tell you what I found in the pyramid. But I, but let me finish this story. And after that, I will come back to tell you how I look at what people say. And I try to Okay. To investigate this.


Okay? Then now, mayor said, I put the stones on a cargo boat, Okay? And we came in the boat to Giza plateau. Theto. The, the workman took the stones up to the pyramid. We slept overnight. Giza, I got up early in the morning with my workman, wanted to Torah. He made many times talking about that. Then he said, I wanted to Sinai to bring Ka and turquoise. But he said in Sinai, our big boss, his name is Anka, we know from text that the architect who designed the great pyramid, who was Fus cousin, his name was him Yoo.


Then actually it seems now that he Nu died. And Uncuff completed the great pyramid and built the second pyramid of his son, Katherine. Then he said, I'm working in year 27 of Fus rain. He mentioned that KF was alive in year 27. How long Do you think he rained for 28 years? I, I published an article. I published an article about, you can find this article. Why, why was the age 23, 23 years, why was that attributed to Them? Now this is a good question.


This Episode is brought to you by better help. It's important that you take care of yourself physically and mentally. Because if you refuse to get help, you are not just hurting yourself, you're hurting the people around you. It can impact your family, friends, even your colleagues. And you know, mental health has come a long way. Despite all our progress though, there's still a stigma. And a recent survey, 26% say they avoided seeking mental health support due to fear of judgment. This mental health awareness month, let's change that. I'm encouraging everyone to take care of their wellbeing. And you should too. Therapy is an excellent tool that everyone can benefit from. It teaches valuable skills from how to be more self-aware to healthier ways. You can express emotions and more if you want to be a better version of yourself. Therapy is where it starts. And better Help is a great way to get the therapy that you need. They have over 10 years of experience matching people with the right therapists. Everything is also entirely online. So it's more affordable and convenient. And if that's still not enough to convince you, maybe this will over 5 million people worldwide use better help. So you're not alone when it comes to seeking support. We're all better with help. Visit better help.com/jre to get 10% off your first month. That's better help. HE lp.com/jr


Has a problem when they count the name of the king because when the Egyptian counted the cattle, they counted the rain of the king. Sometime they count the cattle every year. Sometime they counted the cattle every two years. Ah, then we make mistakes. But now we have year 27 of C rain and we have on the second boat bit that the Japanese are restoring. Now we know when the king die, his son buried him. Then Kus son, his name is Re who did not respect his father. And I will tell you why he buried his father in year 28 than we know now.


For sure, that fu ruled for 28 years. Mm. Now Mayor said something that made me very happy because 25 years ago I wrote an article to say that Memphis was not the capital of Egypt. I said that the king rule Egypt from the pyramid. If the pyramid in Aash, the king rule Egypt from Aash. If the pyramid in gi then mayor said something. Many people do not believe me when I wrote this article, but mayor said Fu lived in his palace at Giza if he lived in a palace at Giza means with the royal family, the public, and the government.


And he said that the area that fu lived in it in the pyramid called an fu in OG means the Fu lives. This is the name of the city that Fu lived in it. And he and Miller said, we came to Giza in an area in called Rae. And Rae means literally mouth of the lake. This could be the entrance of Giza plateau. But what's really strange, he said, it took me almost one day for me and my workman to up to come to the pyramid. Why?


'cause Giza entrance was busy. Every stone coming in has to be counted. Every workman has to sign the first letter of his name. And this why it, if you go today to the Port of New York, it'll take you five hours to enter because it's busy. And this what happened at Giza Plateau. This papa, in my opinion, is really one of the most important discovery that tells us for the first time about building the pyramid. And now we come to the reign of fu 28 years. And now the Stones of the great pyramid, I looked everywhere to find out how they counted the stones.


Okay? That people said it's 2 million and 300,000 blocks, right? I found no evidence. It's only when the Arabs came, you know, all the theories that the people say now it came from the Arabs whom the Arabs came, and they entered the pyramid. They said all this nonsense stories about the pyramids. Then I never found any place to tell me how they cut the stones. But now we have evidence that the base of the pyramid is 20 feet high of solid rock, no stones. In 2010, I brought a team scientist from every field and we recounted the stones based on the new evidence.


And we found out that the stones of the pyramid are only normal, more than 1 million. And the average height of the limestone is half a ton to two and a half tons. So the base of the pyramid is 20 feet high carved into solid stone. Yes. And then the other rocks were placed on top of it. No, I come, I, I want to come to when you told me about this capstone, because you did not complete the capstone, right? But Let's, let's start off with this though. The base is 20 feet high and then there the estimation was 2 million, 300,000. But you think it's far less than that because Based because of the new discovery that we found that the base is made of the solid rock.


So before they thought the base was individual stones? Yes. Okay. So now that you know that the base is solid rock, that removes 1 million, 300,000 stones that were necessary. Yes. Yes. Got it. So they carved this base knowing that they were gonna put a pyramid on top of it. And what about the subterranean chambers? Every king in Egypt is buried underneath the pyramid. Everything except fu and his father sin nephro, the only two kings, they're not buried underneath Kofu. And his father, if you look at the one chamber underneath, it was cut and built. If you go down, it's left unfinished.


Left unfinished. In what way? It was planned to cut it, but they did not complete it. You can see when you go down that the two, the barrier chamber is not finished. Why? Why? Because I found out in our research, every king is Horace on earth. Who when the king die, he become the sung guard. Okay. Okay. Fu In year five, he said, I am the sungar. And he abandoned the construction of the first barrier chamber and he built his chamber with the pyramid because he's the guard.


And That's the queen's chamber, correct? No, the first one I'm going, I'm going to come to this chambers later. Okay. And the second evident evidence that he called his pyramid kofu means the horizon of kofu. And the only one in the horizon is the SunGard. And the third evidence is something that only occurred at Giza. The things And it symbol, I found that the things represent Katherine, the son of Fu giving offering with his two poses to his father.


Okay? The son God fu who rise and sits in this temple, the first sun temple. And this is why Fus pyramid is unique among the 120 pyramids. And I will tell you what I discovered inside the pyramid. Now, Okay, Now before I tell you about what I discovered, I have to complete the scene that I told you that I found workman dragging a capstone. You remember you asked me that you stopped doing that. Above the capstone there is graphic word called Jaime and jam means white and yellow gold.


A second scene I found ladies dancing and they called them the hener. And the hener are the dance troop of the king. My interpretation of these two scenes, when the pyramid was finished, the king asked the welcome to put the capstone in the top of the pyramid. When they put the capstone in the top of the pyramid, cage was gold, the whole country dance and sing because the king became a guard. That's what I call the national project of the whole nation, the three millions who lived in Egypt in the time of the whole kingdom.


All of them participated in building the pyramid to make the king as a God. This is your theory, Not a theory. No, it's It's fact. It is a fact. The pyramid was the national project will Show. No, that's not what I mean. I mean it's your theory that, that the capstone was put on. And it's Not a theory, it's it's based on evidence. I found the scenes. The ari No, the the the Ari scene something else. What are, Where Are the scenes? I'm talking it's blocks. Blocks, limestone blocks. One scene working and dragging a capstone with the word gime. Is this written in limestone blocks? Is that what you're saying? That No, it's show the work and dragging a stone shows It.


Where? In the stone that I discovered. So it's carved into the stone? Exactly. Okay. And the word Jaime and graphic above that, Where is that at? It's an I found It. Yeah, but is are there photographs online? Yes. In my book, I don't, boy, I, I don't, I don't go online. Why? I have to go online. I go to my book. Oh no, I understand. But for everybody else that doesn't have immediate access to your book, You should really, did you find them online? It's called the AER blocks aer a b as in boy. How do you think they got the stones from the king's chamber 500 miles away and put them 120 feet up in the, up in the ceiling.


It's, I told you, if you come today and see how the workmen move to 20 tons of granite, you understand Workers today? Yes. Today. Like yesterday, right. The same workmen. Okay. Right. But now Joe, which Owns a different time, correct? If, if they're doing it today, they have access to modern Machinery. If you, you don't Know. They don't. No. It's everything based on the idea of the national project. They want to make this for the key. I Understand the national project. What I don't Understand is the physics involved and moving. If you Don't, 80 ton blocks, 500 miles through the mountains. If you don't believe on this, I'm not, it's not that I don't believe it won. I just want know Inside this book Hold on inside, hold on, hold On.


Okay. It's not that I don't believe. I want you to explain to me how you think they did it. I explained to you from 500 miles away, 50 to 80 ton blocks. Okay? This comes through the Nile. You can bring all the stones. Right, but the quarries, The Mountains, right? We have no, the quarries, the granite quarries in Aswan and we have cutting of the O SCUs and cutting of the stones, right? And cut everything in the site. And they brought in, when the flood comes in July, they bring boats through the flood. They bring us outta the stones to Giza plateau. So they, they plan things for the floods and then they would figure out some sort of a raft system to get them on and then move them that way. Now, if we now do not believe that this cannot be moved by human being okay, but on the other side, what I can tell you inside, above these blocks written the names of the gangs who built the pyramid above the king chamber.


One of the names friend of Fu I did a 3D few months ago and we recorded in the five chambers that has this huge blocks, we found two more names of the gangs. One name called those who are connected with the Buddhist wat and written year 13 of Fu rain on the third chamber. I took Mr. Beast with me two months ago. I took him and I showed him how this blocks, they were written by the workmen before they move the stones. And in in the fourth room we have the good gut.


Another name was year 13 of Fure. This is when they moved the stones. So I understand what you're saying. So you're saying that they took these stones, they waited for the flood season, they got these stones on rafts, they moved them down the river, they got them to the site. How did they get them? 120 feet in the air? You know, again, this is the most important thing. This is the national project. Oh, I understand. The boat was very valuable to them. I just wondered what technology was Used. The no technology? Well, technology is tools. Technology is levers. Okay. Technology. The technology That whatever they had at the time Was their current technology. Huge. The huge wooden ledges. Huge wooden sledges.


This Is the only way that to today we move huge stones. This how my workmen moved 20 tons sarcophagus in a tomb. How far did they move it? They moved it just few feet away. But we have scenes of how workmen move 60 tons statue. How they move with the religious right and they draw it. Yeah, I've seen those scenes. Yeah. Then we have all this type of scene that the Egyptian show that again, this is the national project. Do you think they wet the ground? Like what did, do you think that they did something like that to make the ground more slick so they can pull it?


They do that. They, yeah. Yes. And then do they, are they used sleds? Like how do they get it? Sls sledges, wooden S slits. Okay. And then they just, We have this in the Slowly but surely pulled it into position. We, We have this in the tombs, this wooden and sls. Yeah, but let me take you now to what I began to reveal the secret of fu pyramid. Okay. As I told you, again, I always listen to what people say and I try to prove them if they're right or not. I was interested in the great pyramid most of my life, because I was an inspector of the pyramid, director of I, I spent most of my life there.


Then I closed this pyramid for a year to stop humidity. To stop humidity Because every person, all The breathing And Exactly, yeah. Enter inside the pyramid gives about 20 gram of water. Ah. And this water becomes salt. Then mechanically, I removed the salt. You had to clean the walls. Exactly. And after that, I thought, how can I make a ventilation system of the pyramid in the king chamber and the queeny chamber? You have this tunnel, 20 by 20 centimeter only small tunnel.


Right? Then I thought I should clean these tunnels, then I can make a ventilation system. I had no idea of what I'm going to find out. What'd you find out? Then I hired a German robot and we took the German robot to the king chamber. We are sitting in the king chamber with a TV screen, and the robot entered in the shaft. We found out that the interior of the pyramid, the stones were interplayed. And this is why when the Arabs came to Egypt and they said, man, first time and time, first pyramids.


Then we found out that this shaft went outside. Then webut a fan here, and the fan suck the air and bush it in the tunnel. And we made a ventilation system in the par. So this Then Discovery of these stones. What was unusual about the way they were placed? What? So You said they interlocked, Interlocked, Interlocked. Yes. Like this. What Do you mean by that? Oh, like fingers. Okay. So there's like different levels and they all slid in together. They, They, they, how they put the stones.


This episode is brought to you by Squarespace. Thinking about starting a website to sell online. Well, Squarespace is the way to go. They make it easy for customers to find you. Thanks to integrated SEO tools that optimize your online presence to be indexed with meta descriptions and an autogenerated site map, plus Squarespace payments will make it super simple to start selling your products or services with options like Apple Pay Klarna and more. Try it free at Squarespace dot com and use Squarespace dot com slash rogan to save 10% on your first website or domain.


This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. Speed Dating is an interesting concept, isn't it? Setting an allotted amount of time to get to know as many people as you can, it increases your chances of finding a good match. And there's not a whole lot of room for bullshit. You have to cut to the chase to find what you're looking for. Wouldn't it be nice if you had something like that when it comes to hiring for your business? Well, good news, there's ZipRecruiter. ZipRecruiter has a new zip intro feature that helps speed up the hiring process, connecting you with qualified candidates faster. You can try it for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. As soon as you post your job zip intro will get to work. You could even be talking to candidates in back-to-back calls the very next day. All you have to do is pick a time and it'll start scheduling top talent for you to meet. Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with the new zip intro feature only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro post jobs today, talk to qualified candidates tomorrow


With each other. Okay, but now the most important, then I took the robot to the secondary chamber. Now we know that the tunnel in the French chamber are open outside. Open outside, right? Besides, it's why we have these tunnels. In the second chamber. They call it chamber, right? Then we took the robot to the northern tunnel of the query chamber. After 60 feet, the to the robot stopped because the tunnel was bending to the left and the German robot could not bend. Then we took the robot to the south tunnel.


The robot went for 200 feet, stopped in front of a door, which took copper handles. That was the first discovery. Now I began to think, how can I find out what's behind this door? In 2002, I was chosen by the National Geographic as explorer in residence were nine explorers. With them, with us was Bill Billard, who found Titanic. Each explorer had a dream.


I told them, I need you to design a robot for me. I want to find out what's behind this door. And they did make a robot and they called it Pyramid River. We took the Pyramid River and the robot went in the south tunnel and the robot had a, a drilling on his hand. The robot opened one hole, one centimeter and one millimeter, and sent an optic camera through this hole. We found after 21 centimeter of this door, a second one, and the second one has an Iggy shaped like that as if it's hiding something.


Then after that we went to the northern tunnel that was bending. We found out it's bending north and south for 24 feet. And the reason for the bending was to avoid the Grand Gallery At 200 feet. The robot stopped in front of a third door with two cover handles in the same distance of this one. And these doors are very small, right? Very Small. 20 by 20 centimeter. Okay? Now, I spent most of my life from, from 2002 until 2024.


Last year I found a team from England and we worked last year for three seasons. Number one, I found out above the king, the king chamber, a big void. The grand, I'm sorry, above the, the Grand Gallery. Gallery, right? This void the size of two trucks. Now the second void behind the northern tunnel, another small void.


Inside this void we can see hieroglyphic inscriptions, Really? So those are the only hieroglyphics on the great pyramid, Right? And you and I can show you the footage in my if Do you have the footage here? If You can come to my lecture. Oh, Come on, man. In What about right here, right now? Ah, I can send it to you. Where do you have it? Do you have it on you? In my computer. Where's your computer? In Las Vegas. Oh, well, fuck. But I can send it to you before You Yeah, but I want to show it on the show. Show it in the show. I can send this like this tomorrow. Okay? You can send it tomorrow? Yes. Okay, we'll splice it in folks. Then tomorrow I will send it to you.


Please do. Okay, now I'll give you my email. Now I'll give you Jamie's email. Yeah, Give me, but you should come and are You, can you come and introduce me here in Houston? Excuse Me? Can I introduce you in Houston? No, I cannot. Why? Because I'm very busy. Okay, Fine. If, if I had known in advance, I could Oh, fine, Fine, fine, Fine. I unfortunately, I don't have any free time. Z Zahi Zhi zhi zhi. Not z Zahi. The now Mr. Haas, the now what we are going to do, So this is the only pyramid. Can I ask you though this, these, this hieroglyphics inside this chamber that you've discovered this, these are the only hieroglyphics in the great pyramid. Is that correct? No, there is in the five chambers.


I told You. Oh, in the other chambers, I told you in the five chambers, now we have five names of the gangs who read the pyramids. And we have these, These are all recent discoveries? Yes. W within how long, how recent? I mean the, The, this vo as last year, 2024. The graphic discovery or three months ago. So all this is very, isn't that fascinating that you've been studying the pyramid for so long and you're still finding things. But listen to me, what I'm going to do, what are you gonna do? You a friends of friend of mine, his name is Leslie Gr Leslie is from Hollywood. He did with me many live TV shows and he did with me Chasing Mammies.


And Leslie now is working to find a network to come. We need to do this program live. Okay? I want to show the whole world what I discovered inside the pyramid that are not hiding anything. I want to show them the hieroglyphic. Why? Why do you always feel like you're in battle with people? Because, but, but I understand because they Attack me. Go, go to. Okay, I understand. Understand. I'm not in a battle with people. Understand. I understand. They're in the battle with me. Understand, I understand that. I understand that. But I'm giving you an opportunity to just lay things out. You don't have to argue with people that aren't here. You know, I'm not Arguing Fuck those People. I'm not argue I'm, You know what I'm saying, telling the people. I just, I'm just fascinated by the discovery itself.


Okay? So what does it look like? These hieroglyphs? Did you, I know you can read hieroglyphs, right? Is that science? You can read that stuff, right? Yes. But we can, the signs are not clear. It's not clear. No. We need to do more investigation in September. Is it a difficulty in seeing inside there? Cause it Wasn, you know? Cause it wasn dark. When the Egyptian write inside the five chambers, for example, they don't write hieroglyphic. They write a cursive Hieroglyphic. Oh, it's called tic. Ooh. And this tic show, it's very difficult to read from outside. What Does that look like? It's a cursive of the hieroglyphic. Lemme see what that looks like, Jamie.


That's fascinating. That's, No, this is Hieroglyphic. This is hieroglyphic. That's hierarchic. We Not talk about Ic. On the right, on the right hand side it says ic. Exactly. Look at the one in the right. This is tic. Okay, then it's Very difficult. That's so beautiful. Yeah. What a beautiful language. Like the way it's written. It looks like art. Then Joe, what we're going to do before the end of this year, we are going to show what's inside the five, the, this voids life. Can You repeat that up, Jamie? Can these, these symbols that look like, like make that larger please. These symbols to the far left. That where right below Jamie's cursor right there. Like what are those supposed to be?


They are signs. But what does it mean? Look, this, It looks like a, a device Or something. Look, the one, the one down means s for a a, a determined of a scribe. What is the one that his cursive That that, well, this is a, It looks Like a stop sign. This it's a For a scribe. A scribe? Yeah. What does it mean Scribes? It means a scribes. Okay, I understand. So, and then the other one on the atic, that's the cursive version of the, No, I don't, I'm not that expert in tic. Okay. Because tic is very cursive. I understand. But I think this we is showing that. Right? I know, but we, if you look at the signs in the five chambers that I will send it to you tomorrow.


It's very difficult to read. But you can see there are heretic cursive signs. Got it. But the most important that we're going to show this live. Oh wow, okay. So people don't even know. And you're gonna show all this stuff live? We Will do it live. But the, the other thing, we have another team called Scan Pyramids team. They are scientists from Japan, France, and Egypt. I am the scientific director who really, they should, if they discover something, they, they come to me. I have to discuss it with them. And they found, you know, the, the pyramid?


Yeah. You have the entrance that the people use. Now is the entrance that the Arabs open. That's in the north face, correct? Exactly. Above that is a mini chamber. Okay. The Egypt, the, the team are using a very sophisticated techniques like ultrasound, infrared, with these techniques. You do not need anymore to drill. You can really see what's behind the door and this really what I'm using right now. Then they came to me and they said behind the main entrance of the pyramid, there is a corridor.


And they showed to me this corridor clear in the five techniques that they're using. But they told me why I have to see it. Let's go up there. We went up there and they sent an, an optic camera through the, the stones and they found I could look at the corridor, 30 feet long, eight feet wide toed with chevron shape. I think you can see that in the internet. The corridor behind the main entrance of the pyramid.


Can you get it? It's in the internet. I'm sure. This void above the Grand Gallery, The size of two trucks. What do you think that is? I have no idea. I'm just telling you what I found And have. This was a great pyramid. I did more work on the third pyramid, right? With the same techniques and the second pyramid. This is the void. Okay. That's, can You see it? Wow. That's incredible. And I think, and bring the other big void above the Grand Gallery. I think you'll see it also. So find the void above the Grand Gallery, Jamie. So this, it's two trucks.


The size of two Trucks. Si size of two semi trucks. And do you have an any idea like what the inside, I would tell you, I would tell you about my theory. Please do. Ah, I think they, it's here. I, That's it. So that's the void. Yeah. Now. And it's that shape. It's in that direction. So it's at a slope. It's above the Grand Gallery. That's it. That's it, yeah. The scan pyramid project. Now I tell you my theory. Please Do. We have a story written in graphic, but not at the time of fu. It's after fu the story, it's written in a papa is called Fu.


And the magician, it say that Fu was staying in his palace and he was very upset. He was not happy. And his son came to him. Your majesty, why are you unhappy? He said, I'm searching for the secret of the gato, the God of wisdom. Then I can design my barrier chamber in the pyramid. Then his son told him, I know a magician, his name is Jdi. He knows how to cut the head of a man off and put it back. And he knows the secret of the gato, the guy of wisdom.


He knows how to cut the head of a man off and put it back. But is the guy still alive? Is that what he's saying? No, I'm this, this is what the son Right. Is telling his father. I understand that, That Judy can do that. A Lot of people can cut a guy's head off and put back. But Listen to the story. This is the story. Okay? Then the king told his son, bring this magic to Me. Okay? They describe him 100 years old that he drink 1000 beer, blah, blah, blah. Judy came in front of the king and Fu told him, I heard that You can cut the head of a man off. He said, yes, your majesty. He said, do it. He said, Judy said, I cannot do it to the human being.


He said, okay, I will bring you a prisoner. Gidi said, A prisoner is a human being. Then he told, he brought him a goose. He took the head of the goose up in front of everyone, and the head came back and the goose was running in front of everyone that's written in the story. Then do You believe that? I come back to what's believed that now. Okay. And the king told him, I want to know the secret of the gato to design my barrier chamber. He told him that the this secret will not be in your hand.


It'll be in the hand of another people who rule Egypt Fu was very upset. So he wouldn't give him the secret because he said, that secret won't just be in your hands. It'll get into other people's hands. Then the King, and it's dangerous. The, the king was unhappy. He told them, don't worry your majesty because you will rule and your sons and your grandson now about magic. Yeah. Do you believe in religion or not? Yeah. Okay. Do you know about Judaism? Sure. A little bit. When God told Moses, when Moses made God and God told them to go to Egypt to meet the Pharaoh. Right?


And God told them, remember the Pharaoh are highly in magic. Right. They will beat you. Then God taught Moses how to be more in magic than the Pharaoh. And you remember when you hear the stick and the stick became a snake, I think. And, and the, and Moses brought more snakes to, to swollen what the Pharaoh did. Then we know from books, from Judaism from the beginning that the Egyptian were really highly in magic. Then we can believe. Do you think that that magic might have had something to do with how they constructed the pyramids? No. No.


You don't. But, but if you believe that they had enough magic to take a goose's head and put it back on, it's still alive. That's magic. Yeah. Wouldn't they use that magic for other things? But we have. But you believe in magic. I do. Of course You do. You do believe in magic. Yeah. So you believe that someone could take someone's head off? Put it back on this. It's written. Okay. That it must be true. Yeah. Alright. Yeah. What is this? Someone's gonna kill a dove. It's a magic trick. Can decapitate birds and stuff. Oh, Okay. Put it back together. I was just reading it. Apparently on the trick that he did it, he put the head on the other side of the room and made him come back together. He did it to a calf and a different animal also. But now what really I want to tell you now.


Well, that person's magic too. Maybe that person can make us pyramid. Now what, what I want to show you that I'm not a person. What Do you think magic is? Magic is magic. Do you mean? What do you mean magic is, Well, how does it work? I have no idea. Ah, what do you mean by how it works? Well, I Mean, how does someone do something like that? I have no idea. We have to go back Physically and Biologically. Impossible. We have to go, we have to go back IU to five, 4,600 years Ago. And do you think a lot of this information is what was lost in the burning of the library of Alexandria? Of Course. Because this is some of it, but Unbelievably detailed. Right? Right. But it's still also, you know, because I will tell you why we do not have any evidence about Fu Tims and things like that.


Because what happened, the ancient believe that a Pharaoh should be a male aoh cannot be a female. Anyone who changed the religious belief, they hit him when she became a pharaoh. They hated her and they destroyed her monuments Kofu, when he changed his cult to be aang God in the first intermediate period, they destroyed his monuments, the temples, the statues. The only statute of that king was found in upper Egypt, not at Giza.


Even in the temple of his sons, there was 23 statues. They smashed the statues. A smashing was a sign of revenge. Now, do you have any question about Kofu pyramid before I switch to the things? Well, I'm, I'm fascinated by a lot of aspects of Fus pyramid. Well, one of the big ones that's come up very recently that I'm sure you're aware of is these satellite radar. Was it called Tomograph? What is it called? Tomographic. Where they think that there's these pillars underneath the structure.


Okay.


This episode is brought to you by degree, original, cool rush deodorant. You gotta love when a brand can own its mistakes. So last year people got really mad when degree changed their cool rush formula. Well, guess what? Degree? Listened, admitted they messed up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back. Grab some from Walmart, target, or other stores now for under $4. And remember why it's the number one men's anti perman for the last decade. The original degree. Cool. Rush is back And it smells like victory for all of us.


This episode is brought to you by Paleo Valley. Alright, let's talk about snacks for a second. You know how hard it is to find something that's actually good for you, but doesn't taste like cardboard. That's why I'm stoked about Paleo Valley's 100% grass fed beef sticks. They're the perfect on-the-go snack. Whether you're traveling, hiking, or just slammed at work, just toss 'em in your bag and you're set. But here's the thing. Not all beef sticks are created equal. A lot of big brands use nasty stuff like citric acid, lactic acid as preservatives, paleovalley. They use old world fermentation. No chemicals, no junk. Plus, it's good for your gut. They've sold over 55 million sticks. And if you don't love them, there's a 60 day money back guarantee. And right now, get 20% off at paleo valley.com/rogan with the code Rogan. These are next level Paleo valley.com/rogan.


I investigated this. First of all, these two scholars from Italy, they have never been in Egypt. They have never worked in the pyramids before. Right? But they're, they're using satellite information. Listen. Number two, they published their article in a journal. This journal do not send their article to the freeze. You pay a fee to publish the article in your responsibility. Okay? Number three, I am not a scientist. I took this techniques that they used and they gave it to expertise.


And they said this techniques cannot show underneath a solid rock of almost 600 feet down. No way. How? Why can't they, They said this degrees cannot show that. But these scientists are saying they can Do you, do you know about the OSI shaft? How they've got a a scanned? I just covered it. Yeah, you did, right? Yeah. But do you know that they used this tomographic radar And they No, no. I am the one who found it this. No, I understand. You found it. But they also discovered it. They showed that it exists using this same technique. No, no. Maybe Pull up that This is wrong.


This is not true at all. I can tell you how I found that. Hold. I'll tell you how can I find those that I'm, I'm not saying that you didn't find it. It, it's under the paper's signature aperture radar, Doppler tomography by Felipo Bondi. And if you scroll down, Jamie, you'll see an image. And this image is of the Osiris shaft, which shows that they got an accurate depiction of that from space. That's not true. From saddle. It's not true. No. So what are you saying? That they're lying. They're Lying right here. They're lying. They're completely lying. But if they're showing, using these techniques, things that we know that you discovered that absolutely Exist. Okay. Now they, these techniques, as I told you, scientists said that this techniques cannot show 600 feet under the pyramid.


The OSA shaft that they found was only 50 feet Right under the gun. But it's showing at least for 50 feet that this is accurate. What makes you believe those scientists rather than these guys from Italy? Because These the because the scientists are scientists. Well, These are scientists as well. They are, they are not showing their techniques carefully. They have not. What Do you mean they're not Showing their techniques? Carefully. Okay. Take, take the techniques that they set. Okay. And show it to any scientist. No one, no one can tell you this is accurate. I to I ask every every person who knows about radar ultrasound, all the people work with me.


The, the scan pyramid project. They said, this is bullshit. It cannot happen at all. All now tell me, I'm the, So you're telling me that these scientists that are proclaiming the capabilities of these satellite tomography devices that are saying that they can see kilometers into the ground with this stuff, That's not true. I did. Are you sure? I did. Do you understand the technology? No, I don't, not me, but I just Listening to other people, Scientists who are in this field. Have you talked to these scientists that are saying that They have These Discoveries? I sent, I made a press release. But did you talk to they I did not.


I Why Not? Because they did not talk to me. How can I find them? I made a Would You be willing to talk to them? Of course I am. If could connect you to them. Yes. Okay. I'll connect you to them. I'm just interested if new technology becomes available and they figure out a way to look into the ground and you discover things, especially if they discover the Osiris shaft And it turns to actually active. They don't discover the Azar shaft again. Okay. You discovered it. But they used their technology to show an accurate depiction of the interior of the Osiris show That Azar sha Is that true? No, it's Not. The ris, the The images that we showed. Is that true? The oz the Azar shaft is known to everyone. Right? It can be seen by you. But when they turned their equipment on the Osiris shaft, it shows the actual interior Maybe.


I don't know. Yes. But this is 50 feet. Let's look at it again. But they took about 600 feet. I understand. But if it can go 50 feet, why can't it go 600 feet? Now I am again. Do you know, again, I'm not a scientist. Right. So Why are you just dismissing It though? I gave what I understand. They published, I understand to a scientist and they said those just not true. Okay. Scientists are Wrong all the time. Fine. Particularly ones that are biased. Then What I, what I did, I made a brief release Okay. Explaining My point. Yes. And I said my work of the second pyramid, that the base of the pyramid is 28 feet of solid rock.


Right? And there is no way that anything can be happened in the solid rock. And I explained, I think what They're saying is it's underneath the solid rock. Correct. Let me finish. And I said, your techniques that you published in this magazine is not refined by scientists. You just published it. And number three, the team that working in Giza with all these new techniques, they said this is wrong. They and I, and they know the Team that's working in Giza with all these techniques. What do you mean? What te We have the scan pyramid team. Right?


They're working, But you understand this is different technology. I understand, but they know about this technology. But have they used this technology? No. They said this technology cannot work, cannot show 600 feet under the pyramid at all. This what they said. And this is why, if the Italians were confident they could contact me. Okay. And the I'm the pyramid expert that anyone should Well, we'll make sure that happens. But listen, if the, the stone is 20 feet thick, the solid stone at the base, that's correct. Right. And you said OSI shaft is 50 feet, that means it can see past 20 feet.


Right. But how can I, So it could see through the stone and see, I mean, what they're showing, but the Oz shaft repeated over and over again, the Azar shaft. The azar shaft is open. Right. Is not covered to see, I Understand. You can go and you see those, that shaft down. Right? Everyone can see it. But the interior is not open and the interior is visible. But you can see the interior, But you can't see it to the exact dimensions the way these tomographic images showed. Right. If they're using this technology to go 50 feet on the ground To get an accurate depict of a cy shaft, I'm, I'm not a scientist. I Understand. So, But that my question all the why Would You expertise, why, why would you dismiss it if you haven't looked under there?


I, 'cause I, I I told you it is not me who can dismiss this. What Does it say, Jeremy? This is the Link to the, the art, the original article. I believe there's their names. The very first sentence says that The problem with it, due To the port penetrating action of electromed waves inside solid bodies, the capability to observe these distributed targets is precluded. And then they had to come up with an experimental, this is experimental results or estimated by processing the SAR images into something else. So I think that's the disconnect I'm hearing. Yeah. I I, I don't understand the technology, but my question is, we know how spectacular the pyramids are.


We know how spectacular, just the base of it. The fact that it's carved into solid rock. Why would you not think that maybe other spectacular things exist even below It? I'm not, I told you I am not. This type knows about the science. I consulted the team, the top in the world from Japan, France, and Egypt. Who are These people? They are the scan pyramid team who, What's Okay. The scan pyramid. Yeah. The ones that found the, exactly the chamber above. And they are working with me. And we found many other things in the second pyramid and the third pyramid. And, and we, we published this right as we just published an article.


I understand last week using different techniques. Right. Then what I am saying, if these techniques that these two Italians are correct, the only people who really can tell you it's correct or not are the scan pyramid people. Not me, but The scan pyramid people, aren't they using different technology? But They know about technology. They are the top scientists in the world. I have to believe them not to Italians. Yeah. And if the Italians are really correct, they could come to talk to us. Not me. Well, to talk to me and others, I will definitely try to connect you with those people. Because I know that Graham Hancock and Brian, me rescue have been in contact with those people.


And they're, they're open-minded about it. They don't know what's going on down there. But the, these images are repeated over and over and over again. Fine. But they, I told You fascinating. Either way. Okay. The, the whole, the, the, one of the fascinating things about Egypt to me is the fact that it's not just so much more advanced in terms of construction than anywhere else in the world, But that it's, it, it's still to this day, like nothing even close has ever been even attempted to this day. What do you think was going on back then as far as their capabilities and their understanding that led them to do something so spectacular that other people 4,500 years ago, Again, the belief of the afterlife built Egypt.


Right? But they also had to have the Understanding of, if you come Engineering and construction and design to Do this belief of the afterlife, to build a pyramid. As I told you, this was a national project of the, No, I understand it's a national project, But they have to acknowledge right now you can talk about this pyramid if it exists alone. When you come to Egypt and you go through time, you will see that everything gradually, there is no gap that you can, What do you mean by that? There is no gap for anyone to think something different than the belief of the Egyptians. Because, Well, I don't think anybody's saying that. Oh, you have?


Well, maybe some people are. Maybe some people do. But I mean, it's all the Egyptians, obviously it was in Egypt. I mean, it's the Egyptians that made it. Yes. It's pretty obvious. Okay. That just seems obvious. Then if you believe in that, I'm happy. I'm happy to hear this from you. Yeah, well I just think whenever people say it's aliens or like, where's the proof of that? Exactly. Also, they built a lot of spectacular things. Like no if ands or buts. Just, just the statues, just the faces of the pharaohs with incredible symmetry. That's why I worked. Really, I won't, since you are interested in Egypt, I we would like to invite you to come to Egypt. I want to come. I just, it's for me. It's some We are willing to invite you. I'm willing to go.


Let's Go. Okay. Tell me, tell me when. Okay. And I will arrange everything for you. Okay. We'll hook it up. But, but now I want to come to the things also. Okay. Can we talk about the things? Yeah, please. Now, you know, when I was young, I was met by the Edgar Casey, ah, Son, the psychic guy Here in Casey. Yeah. And Here in Casey was the son of Edgar Que. I was young. I really don't know. What's this case he had when they, when he came to Egypt and talked about me, about his father. You know about Case? Yeah. Okay, then it Is, he had a vision that there was a chamber underneath the Sphinxes Paw underneath the right pole of the sphinx.


Right. There is a chamber. And he, he envisioned that, correct? Yes. And this why I'm going to Virginia Beach to give a talk. One of the cities in my tour now is Virginia Beach. Why? Because when people began to tell me there is something inside these things, I really, as I told you, I have an open mind and I did search. I found inside the sinks, four tunnels. Mm. One behind the Steeler, they call it Dream Steeler. Between the two boats of the sinks. And the second one behind the head, in the top Right's A there's actually a door in the top of the head down, right?


No, No, no. Just so there's a lid. Just a tunnel. A tunnel. 25 feet. Isn't it closed off though? No. Yeah, it's closed. Yeah. Yeah. There's like a door on the top of it, right? It's Not a door. No. A lid. It's just a tunnel go down. Okay. But it's closed off. We, we, It's, You can go up to the sinks. It's why we have to cover it. Got it. 'cause it'll take rubbish and guards. Well, that's the top. That's what I'm talking about. Isn't that the top of it? Is this the finger? Yes, That's it. Yeah. Okay. That's a lid, right? Yeah, that's What I saying. We, we covered it. Okay. Yeah, but we covered it. Got it. To protect it from the sand. I understand but's Dr. Door. Okay. It's a Lid that the third tunnel that I found in the back.


Now Edgar Casey, he had this vision that there was some hall of information Was down there. I know, but I'm, I'm going to come to this now. Yeah. But I'm talking to you about the tunnels now. Okay. And the third one is in the tail. The fourth one was opened in 1927 by a French, his name is Beres. And I do have photos of workmen inside these things. We found this four tunnels are published. An article, scientific article I found in situ in all the four tunnels of pottery in situ to prove that this tunnels were opened on Dynasty 25, 500 BC.


As in the late period when the Egyptian saw the things they thought there is something hidden underneath. And they dug and they found nothing. Now we come to the Edgar Casey and what people believe, because we had Jean and we had many new age people who believed there is something hidden underneath the things. And they used to tell me, we need per your permission to what? To drill. I said, how can I let someone who's not an archeologist, who's not a scientist to drill? No way. But recently I found out the rise of the water table in front of the things.


And I was really afraid that the water could damage the things. Then I brought a team from Cair University and we did drill 30 to 35 feet underneath the things everywhere. And I do have photos of everywhere under the sinks. Okay? The sinks is a solid rock or a living rock. And there is nothing underneath. So there's no Tunnels. No tunnels. Okay. This is exactly, okay. I told you what I What do you think about Robert Shock and his theory about the temple and the erosion outside of the Sphinx so that it's water erosion.


Okay. When Chuck said that, okay, we brought through the American Research Center, a scientist from Louis Louisville University, I don't remember his name now. And we gave him what? Robert Shock. You know what Robert Shock said? It's not a theory, it's a theory of a new age guy who talked about this before. And John Anton who brought Schwa, I don't remember. Yeah. Then we gave, that's the guy, we gave this guy from Louisville University, who was an Indian American who really studied.


He came to the finks and he worked with us for a season. And he came and we published many articles that the erosion that you see outside and inside the things is from wind and not from water. Now what shock want to say that this is dated back 15,000 years ago? I agree. Okay. If I came here and I dug the things, I will leave something. Then what I did, we dug an area northeast of the things I found level or kingdom middle kingdom New Kingdom Roman, nothing underneath.


Then this new age, people say that the head of the Hins is very small comparing to the body, right? Yes. Why? Why If you take all the casing stones away from the hins, you'll find exactly here the hins. And now this, and another part like this. In between there is a hollow, remember I told you that GI plateau is divided to three levels. Level one and two is very bad. Stones can be seen to the chest of the strings. Right? Level three, they carve with the head from level three.


Then when the Egyptian carve with the head to represent the King Kiran with the Cora, the royal head, Remi, they began to make a, a, a lo body. Then what they did, they filled this hollow between the two things pieces with the stones, and they covered the whole body of the things with the stones. And they did the modeling of the loin body on the covering stones. And this why the head is very small comparing to the body. So you think the head was made first and then the body was made later. Exactly. If that's the case, why is the body so much more eroded than the head?


I told you the body it did. It is a part of the bad stones. Bad stones. So They're more The one is Four stones. Exactly. For The, so there's a different density to the stones. That's why the stone and the this FI's head is intact. And the because Body, it's a level soft, it's level three. So it's a different kind of stone. Exactly. Got it. Of the body. And this is why the Egyptian, 'cause there's layers to it. All the Egyptian and some of the layers are more dense. The Egypt, the Egyptian wanted to make a lo body. They couldn't. The only way is to cover the body of stones and do the modeling of the lo body on the covering stones. Can we take two minutes rest?


Yeah, sure. You wanna take a break? Yes. To go to this Bathroom? Okay. Okay. Go to the bathroom. You know where it is? Yes. Just go outside, take a left. We're back. This finks. Let's pick up where we left off. So you were saying that these other experts that looked at it didn't agree that it was water erosion and said that they think that it was wind. So what, what John Anthony West and what Graham Hancock and what Robert Chalk and all these different people are trying to allude to is that perhaps there was even older stuff that was in Egypt. And that the things that you're seeing that are 2,500 bc those are even more recent than the older stuff.


This episode is brought to you by Simply Safe. Summer is around the corner. And I don't know about you all, but I have lots of plans. Camping, beach excursions, cross country road trips. It's always nice to get outta the house and enjoy the sun and open air. What's not so fun is leaving your home unprotected for days on end. You've got valuable stuff there. Personal documents, family heirlooms, all your tech protect whatever you need while you're away was SimpliSafe. And I'm not saying that SimpliSafe has been named the best home security system by US News and World Report five years in a row. It's also been ranked number one in customer service among home security providers by Newsweek and USA today. Probably because SimpliSafe will go above and beyond to keep you and your family safe. They have professional monitoring agents that can help watch over your home when you can't. Plus their technology is state of the art, helping to capture anything suspicious on or around your property. Check them out. SimpliSafe has plans that start at around a dollar a day. And right now get 50% off your new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and your first month free. Just go to simplisafe.com/rogan. That's simplisafe.com/rogan for 50% off and your first month free. There's no safe, like Simply Safe.


This episode is brought to you by fast growing trees. If you wanna know what you're putting into your body, growing your own food is a great place to start. But listen, you don't have to start your garden alone. Did you know Fast Growing Trees is the biggest online nursery in the US with thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers. They have all the plants your dream yard needs, fruit trees, privacy trees, flowering trees, shrubs and so much more. Whatever plants you are interested in, fast growing trees has you covered, find the perfect fit for your climate and space. Plus, get support from trained plant experts on call to help you plan your landscape. Choose the right plants and learn how to care for them. Great. If you don't have the greenest of thumbs and they're alive and thrive guarantee ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy this spring. They have the best deals for your yard up to half off on select plants and other deals. And listeners of our show get 15% off their first purchase when using the code JRE at checkout. That's an additional 15% off@fastgrowingtrees.com. Using the code JRE at checkout fast growing trees.com/jre, now's the perfect time to plant. Use JRE to save today. Offers valid for a limited time terms and conditions may apply.


Tell me about Zep. Tepi. What's Zep Tepi? What's This? You you never heard about? Have you heard about the, like, you know about the Kings list, right? The old kings list that goes back 30,000 whatever years. Who said that? You Never seen it in it's not in hieroglyphs. This is not true at all. Is not true. No, no. This Is a speculation from people who knows nothing about history. There is nothing King List dated back 30,000 years ago at all. So why do people Keep saying that? Because They don't know. It's speculation. Give me one evidence of that. The only, the first, the first king list dated back to Dynasty five Only I was reading that people were saying that it was myth that the, the kings list, even though there is like some hieroglyphics of ancient kings, that these are just mythical tales.


This is not true. There is no at all a name that you told me. I never heard of this name. I am an Egyptologist working in Egypt for the last 57 years. I never heard of this king list at all. Never. Never. And You never even heard of it. Why? I have to hear about it. 'cause it's not true. I don't want waste my time and think it's like this. I am a person. Give me a fact. So tell me, what is this So ancient Egyptian zep tepi refers to the first time or the first occasion, the first who said this is an ai. It refers to a mythical golden age of Egypt where God's lived on earth and civilization was in its infancy.


This period is often associated with the beginning of creation in the establishment of societal structures. Have you, you've never heard of that Before? No. And this is not true. What do you mean it's not true? I mean this is, I'm I'm getting this off Of it. Ne it never happened at all. Okay. I'm not saying it happened. I'm just saying this is something that's referred to. It's, It's never been, I never heard about it. It is not true. It has not existed At all. Even if it doesn't exist, the myth of it exists. I don don't listen. Joel, why do I have to go to a myth of people to create stories? But This is, if you go to Wikipedia, I don't care about Wikipedia. I understand. I care about what I see in my eyes as an archeologist or a virologist.


In all the myths bring Any, The world was said to emerge from an infinite lifeless sea. When the sea, when the sun rose for the first time in a distant period known as Zep Tepi, the first occasion, different myths attributed to the creation of different gods, the set of eight primordial deities called ogod, the contemplative deity pata and the mysterious transcendent God. Aun, while describing these different cosm monies completed or competed to some extent in other ways, they were complimentary in different aspects of Egyptian understanding of creation. It's a Egyptian creation myth. Fine. You've never heard that before? Never heard of that. Because That seems strange that you didn't hear about that before.


Listen, listen Joe, I've heard of it before. Fine. You can hear it about it, but I mean, I just found it Online. It's it's a new it's a new age theory. It's new age. Yes. Listen to me. I know. And any Egyptologist who study Egyptology in the states here you have universities in UCLA and you have Berkeley and you have John Hopkins and you have every, there is no every Egyptologist here study languages and archeology. No one can answer what you are talking about. This is Herion. I'm sorry. This is not true.


It's a speculation from people, but never in Egypt. We know the prehistory of Egypt. We know the pre astic of Egypt. We know the beginning of civilization. We know every, there is no gap in anything that can let some things like that. And this's. Why? I never heard of it and I don't want to hear about it. You don't want to hear about it? No. Why? Because there is no evidence. I am a scientist. I believe on what's written in front of me and I believe of a scene that I can see. But I don't believe on theories like this. Tell me where this found and where it is and who published it.


What is the scientist who published it'd, what is to know theologist who talked about it? I'd like to know. That's why I'm asking you. I've never heard of it. Well, I'm shocked that you haven't at least heard of it and dismissed it before. That's who'd, Because it's just a, it's, I think it's a part of the creation myth. I re I know, but it's not true. I received many theories every day. My mind Joe now is really cannot stand all this theories, all of it. It's too much for me. It's too much for me. Got it. See if you can find anything on that, Jamie, where, where that myth came from. I'm working on it. I think I know.


Yeah. Yep. Is it a boval thing? No. What I just found is that it came from a Who's boval Bal is not a scientist. No, I'm Just asking. Yeah, I know. I tho those people. Yani, when someone came to you with a theory, he has to have a Egyptology background. He has to write a scientific article. Right. We write all what we discover. We write articles about them for people to read and criticize and give us opinion. But I can go to theories like this. I understand. That has no basic. What What do you base the dates on? Do you base it on carbon isotope? No, we don't.


We base dating on the evidence that we discover. Right. But that is based on carbon, right? No carbon. I don't believe in carbon debt. 14 at all. You don't? No. Why not? Carbon debt 14. Never give an accurate dating. And that's why I believe, you know, when you discover something, if you discover asymmetry, right? There is two type of datings. One called absolute dating means that in this cemetery you have a name of a king and a date mean this is absolute. But if you discover another cemetery and has no dates, then the best thing that we do is to find the artifacts in this cemetery and try to compare it with other dated cemetery.


And you give a data for this, but You don't believe in Carbon testing. I don't believe in carbon D 14 at all. And it's not working in Egypt until today. I have been excavate, I'm excavating also in the Valley of the Kings. Right. And I discovered major important things that you can talk about it. So if you're going back two years, But I used, I used radar. Radar In all my excavation. What do you mean? And I never had a, a result by radar and carbon date. 14 i, we people use it when there is no date. But Wait a minute, you use radar to, to date things. How? No, I use radar to discover things. Right. But what do you use to date them?


I Dated that. I told you two methods of dating. Yeah. Most of the dating that for me now in, in Ur is based on evidence. Like I discovered the golden city. It's a major big large cemetery, large settlement. A city. And you know, this city was chosen the most important discovery in the world of year 2021. Because this is the first time that we have a big large city to tell us about the people who made this realization. So how do you know how old the city is? Exactly? In the city?


We discovered the names everywhere of King Amman iii, who was the father of inside the city. We found many statutes of his queen. Quint. We found inscriptions about dried beat stored to celebrate the third set festival of Amalto iii. We found nine royal workshops in the city. In the city Tells us about the golden age of that king. It is dated by pottery, by hieroglyphs description.


Understand by many things. Understand. But I'm, I'm curious as to why you're skeptical about carbonating. 'cause I think carbon is generally accepted as being, I know it is accurate within a certain framework. It's, but I, but I never used it. And many people, very rare used in Egypt. Because in Egypt, mainly we have absolute chronology. We have absolute dating based on in inscriptions. Right. But I thought it was used in Egypt, like to, to measure wood. That was in mortar to no, to date The great pyramid to 2,500 bc. I Thought it was No, that was, that was an experiment to date the pyramid. I think it was about 2009.


And it's, it's not, it's not working. But I, I didn't see the result. You Haven't seen a result on carbon testing of the mortar of the great pyramid? No, But the mortar, you can't one thing the mortar between the stones, Right? This mortar, like if you take a base of stone from the pyramid and you try to take RB 14, this piece of stone could be thousand years in the quarry. It cannot date a pyramid. How can you date? Well, hold on, hold on. You don't date stone. I'm saying if you date mortar. Okay. How can you, how can you say accurately that this mortar is dated to the same time of building the pyramid?


Well, you can actually, that's the, the argument is that there's probably repairs done. Right. And so the of the permit Yes, no of Greg pyramid. There is no, there's no evidence repairs of any restoration. There's restoration. No Reservations. No restoration. Nothing. Never any accurate evidence that the pyramid was restored. Right. But there, in any period of the Egyptian history, there Is restoration that goes on. Even now though, on the hinx. Correct. I did make 10 years of restoration. Yeah. Of the things. It's me who did the restoration of the things for 10 years. Why Did you decide to do that? Because the things, when I was, when I left, I was studying in the States.


I came to take my doctorate from University of Pennsylvania from 1980, from 80 to 87. Some architect and archeologists were really stupid. They began to restore these things and they took all the casing stones of these things out and they put modern stones and they used cement. You cannot use cement in the restoration. You can use cement in building a house. Yeah. That's not even restoration. This is a new creation. When I came, I stopped this restoration. Okay.


And few, because the, this restoration damage completely the proportions of these things, it brings to you another things, Right. Ugly. Yeah. Few months later there was a stone was restored in the, in the shoulder of these things And it fell down in February. It was raiding. And always people use the finks for politics. The finks thes for Politics. Yeah. If they were in what way? I tell you it happened the first time in the foreign period, you know, the area beside this finks was, was called the Valley of Gazelles.


And the princess, the of the, of the new kingdom, used to come to hunt wild animals in the valley and come towards the things. And this story that I'm telling you is written in a granite. It's called the dream located. Now between the two of these things in the, it say Tomos the fourth was a prince. And he came to have a, have a to have an nap beside the things. And the things came to him in dream and told him, my son, if you remove the sand away, I will make you the king of Egypt.


Egypt. Then he is moved the sand. And he came to a temple. He found a door. What year was This? This is one 3000 years ago. Exactly. So the sphinx was constructed long before that, before all kingdom. And that it had been covered in sand. Yes, Completely. This is why the father of the history, when he came to Egypt in the middle of the fifth century bc he never talked about the things because completely under the sand. Then the force came, he took the sand away and he found that the old kingdom ca blocks are falling down.


He put them back and he went to the, to the things near a temple nearby. He took this granite still as a door. And he wrote this story in it. But we found there is something politics in that story. He killed his elder brother. Oh. Who was supposed to be the king of Egypt. Oh. Oh. And he wrote this story to tell the Egyptian that the god who him, ah, horror of the horizon, it choose me to be the king of Egypt. Ah. And they'll forgive the crime that he did. Ah, when that stone, it fell down in 1988, a big fight happened between the head of antiquities and the Minister of Culture.


And did by firing the head of Antiquate, it's politics. Mm. I see. But I stayed 10 years when we will ask me about the best thing that I did in my life. I say two things. Number one, that I restored these things. I brought the proportion of these things back and I restored the oldest pyramid in Egypt. The steep pyramid. It was, it was falling down in 14 years. I made major important conservation and restoration. And I tell people, why do you have to fight all the time about the age of the pyramid?


We have to fight or we have to cooperate all of us to restore this monuments. And the most important thing is for me, always is conservation. And I dedicate most of my life, not only to the excavation, but to conservation. What do you think the arguments are that predate the, that try to push the date back of the construction of the pyramids? I never heard of this. You've never heard of this before? No. It's only new. It's a theories Right. From the new age. But I know I saw a debate with you. I saw a debate with you and Graham Hancock and there was another archeologist. Oh, that, that was No, But hold, hold on The other Arche archeologist was saying, if you're saying that something happened 10,000 years ago, where's the evidence of any civilization from 10,000 years ago?


Exactly. But then you found Goli Tapi. So Goli Tapi was buried over 11,000 years ago. That's not true. I never heard about this. What do you mean it's not true? It's not true. What I told You what what is not true? It never happened. Go tapi. We never discovered this at All. Wait a minute. Goli Tapi is in Turkey. Okay. Oh, in Turkey. Listen, yes. Goli Tapi is in Turkey And It, I know It's more than 11,000 years old. Okay, fine, fine. It's very complex. Stone structures Fine, fine. But this was the evidence we are, hold on. This is the evidence in the argument. The argument was there was no evidence of an ancient civilization from 10,000 plus years ago. This is before the discovery of Gobekli Tepi. Gobekli Tepi gets discovered, known to be more than 11,000 years ago.


That changes everything because now we know. Yes, it does. That hold, hold on. 'cause now we know there was an advanced civilization capable of a spectacular construction 11,000 plus years ago. This Is what Listen, look at the archeologist in, in in Turkey or in in his civilization. Okay. They, they never talk about all civilization. That's not true. Go Beckley. Tepi is universally accepted Joe as being more than 11,000 Years old. Joe, I am talking now about Egypt. I'm not going No, I understand Civilization. The argument was that there was never any ancient civilization capable of spectacular construction 10,000 years ago.


That now that they showed Gobekli Tepi is more than 11,000 years old. They know for sure that's not true. Okay. But now I'm talking about the pyramid Submiss, Egypt. I have the evidence, the written, we found everything about that. We know the dating I'm and I gave you hundreds of evidence that this pyramid built by Kofu. No, I'm not saying it wasn't. I'm not saying it wasn't. What I'm saying is, any Civilization older than we know older, we Have no. And still in the same spot have How old does it go back? We have no, we have no evidence. So How does ancient Egypt emerge? Emerge? We have, How does it emerge and go from zero to pyramids.


Okay. We have Do you have, can you listen to me? Yeah. We have Bri, historic Egypt. Right. And we have the oldest stone age, middle stone age Neolithic. When the Egyptian began to know about agriculture and they began to live together in communities. The, after that we came to the pre diagnostic when a king called Namar in dynasty zero, he began to make unification of the upper and lower Egypt until one king called Mena or Raha who united completely.


And what year was this? This is what was 3000 BC 5,000 years ago. And a place called AP Paris. They built huge mud brick tombs, huge from mud brick, no stones. And these tombs are created in a site called ab virus. You know what's really fascinating about this? Is that 500 years you think about that, how different just modern civilization was 500 years ago. 500 years ago. We had almost none of the inventions we have today. We had no internal combustion engine. You know, no hardened steel with none of the things that we have.


And now look what we have with electronics. Now imagine what the Egyptians were able to do in 500 years on a different, in a different way in construction with stone. That their advancements weren't like our advancements, but their advancements were equally spectacular. Just in a different way. Okay, now I come back to the mud brick structure. This is in dynasty one. Okay. And two on dynasty three came a king called Zoar. He had a genius architect. His name is, IM Hotep. I am searching. Did you hear about IAP before?


Yes. Okay. I'm searching for his tomb. Only two weeks ago before I came, I made a major important discovery in Egypt. I found a tomb of a son of a king inside incredible statues of zoster and his father and his queens and his children. Where's His tomb? In, in the shadow of the steep pyramid. Ah, in the shadow of Zer. And this really made me, because I have been searching for the tomb of most of my life. But the area that I found this tomb, it was under houses, modern houses. Oh wow. The workmen who work in the site 100 years ago, they built houses in the site, but they never excavated what's underneath the houses.


Wow. So modern houses underneath it is an ancient Tomb. Then six months ago, we gave houses to these people in another area and we demolished these houses and we found underneath major discoveries, this discovery will be in today's show this week. Mm. Now I am sure now that Im hots tomb is in this area. Wow. Now I come back. What, what technology can you use to discover like these underground caverns and chambers And you know, All what I do is digging. That's it. That's it. What if these Italian guys are onto something?


You can find more stuff. I want you to come to see what I do and what I discover I Want, I want to, I wanna talk to and what I discover Italians too. And what I discover. I can show it to you. Please Do. Jamie Zep Tepi. Did you find anything about that? About that? Where the origins of that Maybe a book from 1960 and I couldn't figure out how he got there. It's probably a long lodge through information to try to get to the root of it. Yeah. But can we continue With What, how? How it happened until you have the permits. Sure. Then came and he built the same mastaba Mastaba in Arabic means a bench.


He built the construction in mud brick of stone for the first time. And he added more section to the first one. And he put above that five BAAs. It's called the The Step. Step. Pyramid. Pyramid, Yeah. In the pyramid text. So that's the first one. In the pyramid text they say that the step pyramid is a stirs that the king is buried underneath to go to heaven. Oh. And this one was how many years before? The great pyramid? It's almost, almost 700 years.


Mm. So obviously it's not nearly as sophisticated as the Great Pyramid. So this in 700 years, I just got way better at. But listen, Now on dynasty three, there is another pyramid was found and only I found recently that I did not excavate it completely. I found a pyramid, which is the end of dynasty three of a king called Huney. Then now we came to Phi. His name is Horny Huney. Honney. Huney. Okay. HUNI. Okay. Then we come to Dynasty four C Nero. Okay.


Ro had a genius architect. His name was ne Matt. Then he started Sounds like a good name for a genius. Yeah. He started to build a step pyramid like this in a site called MedU. But for a reason we do not know. He left it unfinished and he went to a place called Ur. He built the pyramid with a huge angle And it changed the angle. It became bent. Mm. And he built another pyramid. If you look at the other pyramid of the father of kofu it exactly to the great pyramid.


This is the first true pyramid. But people never go to the store to look at this pyramid. People always look at fu. Then you have in dynasty four, the pyramids were huge because of the quality of the stones. In dynasty five and six, there is no good quality of stones. Then the Egyptian made decrease on the volume of the stones and did increase in the volume of the war leaves. Timbers began to be decorated with scenes for the first time in the middle kingdom. Another trend, mud brick pyramid.


But underneath maze corridors of stones that if you go down, you'll lose your way. Oh. And the new kingdom they built, they came in the top of the valley of the kings, a shape of the pyramid. And they buried all the kings like king and others underneath the pyramid shape. So that's the story. That's The story. Alright. But listen man, it's been fascinating talking to you and I, I definitely am gonna take you up in your offer. I'm definitely gonna go to Egypt. No, now we'll talk, Now we'll talk, we'll talk To must musta send And you that video so we can splice it in of the hi requests that are on the wall.


We'll send that. Right. I will Send it Tomorrow. Okay. But give me, give the email to Gregory and must Mustafa now. Okay. We will do that. And they're the people that will talk to them now to arrange for your trip. Okay. And I would invite you for a, a Good, how many days do you think I should go? 10 Days at Least. Jamie, you gotta come. Okay. You wanna do a podcast from there? Sure. Just you and me. Let us do one inside the great per Yeah, definitely a hundred percent. Okay. Will it be echoey though? Oh, here's another problem with the idea that these Italians are proposing. Isn't there a water table under the, the pyramid that's like a million years old? No, there's not water underneath there. No. This is the Irish shaft that was full of water.


So is that what Mr. Beast was swimming in? Exactly. But where's that water coming from? It's a, A water table. Oh, there is a water table. This This soft. This soft. I came, I brought a company and we did suck all the water out. Oh. Until it found underneath a sarcophagus and four pillars. Oh Wow. And This is the symbolic barrier of the G Iris. 'cause Giza Plateau was called the New Kingdom per the house of Azar. Lord of Sau. Rasta means cemetery, but literally means the underground tunnels. Oh, that Azar is ruling. Then when he came, he talked about this water under the pyramid.


It is in the shaft. And this, when beast entered inside and Swam in, it swam. Okay. You know, I met him because I wanted to convince the young people that pyramids were not built by aliens. That's why I took him to three major Sites. Yeah, I know. I don't understand the alien thing. I, I think super advanced culture. Super advanced civilization. And I think, but you know, the library of Alexandria burning is probably one, one of the greatest disasters. Many People in America believe that you believe in aliens when I talk to them that I'm coming to see you. That I believe in aliens. They do Well, I'm not opposed to the idea of aliens existing.


There's hundreds of billions of galaxies in the known universe, each with hundreds of billions of stars. The idea that we're uniquely alone, you don't think there's anything out there. Nothing. So you don't believe in ancient civilizations Capable, no advanced construction. But Joe, you don't believe in aliens. Joe. Joe, I am a You don't believe in carbonating. I am a scientist. Oh. If you Believe in something, write an article. I understand. Then I can read. But don't give me a theory. But the theory is planet, it's containing intelligent life is No, that's not true. I have been debating Graham Hankook Al and John an west, and I told them from the beginning, your theory will go with the wind.


Right. But we're not talking about that theory. We're talking about aliens being possible. No Way. No alien, just us. This is The national us in the whole universe. If you believe in God, Us in the whole universe, only us If, if you believe in God, you'll do miracles. The Egyptian okay believed in the afterlife and they made this great civilization. I'm not saying aliens made it. I'm saying it's very possible there's something else out there in the world. Okay. Thank you. Alright, thank you. Alright. Goodbye. Everybody enjoyed talking To you. I enjoyed it too. And I'll see you.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Whether you're building the perfect vegetable garden or booking your dream summer vacation, you share your information with all different kinds of people and places. But not everybody who handles your personal information is going to be as careful as you. And it only takes one mistake to expose it to hackers and identity theft. Maybe that's why there's a new victim of identity theft every five seconds in the United States. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity If your identity is stolen, a LifeLock US-based restoration specialist will help you solve identity theft issues on your behalf, guaranteed or your money back. Plus, all LifeLock plans are backed by their million dollar protection package, meaning LifeLock will reimburse you up to the limits of your plan. If you lose money due to identity theft, you can't control how diligent others are with your personal information. But with LifeLock, you can protect it. Act now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use the promo code JR. E or go to lifelock.com/jre for 40%. Off terms apply.