
Joe Rogan podcast, Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Alright. Hello Rebecca. Very nice to meet you. Hi Joe. Very nice to meet you too. So, first of all, what got you interested in mind control? Well, so this is a question I've been asking myself just because I find myself, after two and a half decades of having this topic that initially seemed pretty niche and unusual and not many people were interested, or many people were skeptical about it.


But I thought it seemed like it, em embodied some of the more extreme, if you could look at the way people are shaped by their environments and by their, You know, what parts of your life are determined by you and what parts are determined by outside forces, that mind control would be a perfect area to investigate that 'cause it's so extreme, especially if you looked at particular cases. So I, because I had done my dissertation at uc, Berkeley on the history of behavioral engineering and how, you know, these kind of models for creating a society of control and encouragement in various ways, like a behaviorist kind of dream.


And it seemed like the next step was to, to look at something like brainwashing or mind control. When you first started studying it, was it a less public sort of a curiosity because now a lot of people are very much interested and I blame the internet mostly. I probably had a lot to do with it too, but It's just you and the internet. A lot of people on the internet are, you know, because over time, you know, people have gotten to know about MK Ultra and a, a bunch of different, different programs that the, that our own United States government was involved in where they were working on mind control. But what, like, initially, what drew you to it?


Well, I guess I always have been drawn to topics that seemed unusual maybe for professor to be looking into. And people, I mean, at the time, if you look at a Google Engram for the word mind control or brainwashing, they were very low, you know, around the turn of the century or the 1990s after their kind of, there was a peak of interest in the seventies And it just really fallen off. But I guess I was interested 'cause it just seems so unusual and like maybe there was something there that people hadn't really thought about. And at the time these documents weren't readily available and like you say, people weren't really looking into it. So I just thought it seemed like a rich area for research.


And I'm also interested in connecting my pers, I've always been interested in connecting my personal, I guess, my goals for life with what I research. So I thought it's almost like a philosophical and existential question of how much we're controlled or how much we might be controlled. And it seemed important to look at some of the more extreme cases if you could. Yeah, I think that that's an interesting aspect of it. Like how much are we controlled and how arrogant are we to think that we're not controlled? Or how arrogant are we to think that that wouldn't work on me. Yeah. I think that that's embedded in our, you know, in our, in the messages we receive all the time, that freedom is something kind of effortless that we're just granted and that autonomy is just the natural state, but actually we're so much more malleable than we think.


And these things, if you look around yourself or if you observe yourself, you'll often see this to be true. That's what also drew me to anthropology is just the idea. Like, if I was born in another place at another time, I would be another person. Or how much of me would be transferrable was Right. What that interested me. And I, that's why I went to first started studying anthropology, like how much are we shaped by things that we don't necessarily choose or are maybe accidental or genetic or various factors. But yeah, but I think we're told that that freedom of freedom of choice or our autonomy is fairly straightforward and all you have to do is exert your will.


Yeah. But clearly we're influenced heavily by our environment, culturally. I mean, accents, just cultural traditions, behavior patterns. It begs the questions like, what, what are you, and what is the, what is the, the, the shell that you wear on the outside? You know, like a hermit crab. Like what, what do you carry around with you and what, at the core of it, what are, you Know, yeah. That was, I mean, that is the oldest question of Socrates. Who am I? Or Yeah, just the question. It's the, it's a deep question and it's also kind of like a practical question.


So I thought if you could look at it more in, in actual examples, that would be interesting. And I also, I guess I was drawn to the topic Maybe. Yeah. Maybe because other people weren't studying it, or also because of experiences in my life. Just seemingly small things. Like one day, I remember when I was in graduate school, I was walking down the street and I said, we passed a small dog. And I said, I really, I really hate small dogs. Like, and I, I realized as I said it that it wasn't true, but I just like, I love, I actually really like them. What's wrong with small dogs? But I had absorbed this opinion some from somewhere that, like a person that such as I was aspiring to be, you know, only like, just, you know, big dogs or something like that.


But just noticing in yourself the way you soak up opinions and you're shaped by, you know, even, you know, even seemingly trivial things. And then also on a more profound level you can see that happening. Made me wonder, like, what could you learn from looking at these cases where people really seem to have been brainwashed, you know, in history or radically reshaped Perhaps. And then there's brainwashing yourself. 'cause if you say, I hate small dogs, now you have to kind of defend it. And now, and even if you say, God, that's not even true. But there's gotta be reasons to hate small dogs. I don't want to come off as a moron who just says things. There are other people who feel the same.


Yeah. It, it turns out it, yeah. I mean, e either you end up doubling down on that opinion. 'cause you don't wanna feel silly to yourself. I mean, I think sometimes we're just a series of adopted opinions that we then adhere to. And I guess being in graduate school also made me feel that way. Because you're rap, you're rapidly learning and absorbing a new vocabulary, learning things you should say, learning things you shouldn't say ways you should express yourself in ways you shouldn't. That seemed very like a deeply shaping process. And I was interested in how did social sciences, like, was there a science of this process of shaping, or they sometimes called it canalizing or making, you know, a canal of behavior so that people would end up wanting to do what it was that was socially necessary for them to do.


Well, universities are a great place for that. Right? 'cause you get away from your parents for the first time who have indoctrinated you into their cult. Like you're born into the cult of your parents. And then you leave and they're like, let me get away from these crazy people. Yeah. And now I'm gonna become a whatever. Yeah, exactly. You know, and now I'm going to figure out which group most aligns with my ideas and join them and rebel and fight against the machine and become a part of a new cult. Exactly. Where something different or adopt, I suddenly, I don't like certain kinds of dogs or I wear a certain thing or you know, we, you have an interruption in the fabric of your extensive conditioning.


Yeah. And that is an op It's, it's also an opportunity, you know, it's, it's not a nefarious thing No, necessarily. But it can take that, just that truth about people. I think it can be nefarious for some people, unfortunately. But I think for a lot of people just considering new ways to think about things is probably valuable. It's probably a good thing to have the opportunity to reconsider the way that you've sort of like canaled Yeah. The, the grooves that have been deeply carved into your personality where you automatically go towards certain things or think about certain things.


I always think just an interruption is often good. Oh yeah. In the, in your, in your patterning. Yeah. That's why I think moving is really,


this episode is brought to you by blinds.com. Here's the deal before blinds.com. Getting custom window treatments used to mean booking an appointment, waiting around for a quote and crossing your fingers that it wouldn't cost a fortune. blinds.com absolutely disrupted the industry. These guys came in and flipped the whole custom window treatment game on its head. Wanna do it yourself? Cool. Want that full white glove treatment? They've got you. Maybe you're somewhere in the middle. Yep. Still got you covered. Shop completely online. Talk to one of their design pros for a virtual consultation. Or just get free samples and handle it your way. No matter how many window treatments you get, installation is one low cost with no hidden fees. blinds.com is covered over 25 million windows so they know what they're doing. Plus every order's backed by their 100% satisfaction guarantee. Memorial Day deals are happening now@blinds.com and JRE listeners get an exclusive 40% off your entire order. Just go to blinds.com and use the code Rogan 40 at checkout. Limited time offer rules and restrictions apply.


This episode is brought to you by Squarespace. Joe Rogan dot com runs on Squarespace and if we trust it, you can be sure that it'll help you create whatever great looking website you have in mind. And it'll be quick to create too. Thanks to Squarespace, AI powered design tools plus squarespace's selling tools help you offer services, take payments and streamline bookings all in one place. Start your free trial today at Squarespace dot com and when you're ready, go to Squarespace dot com slash rogan to save 10% on your first website or domain.


Good. Or traveling or, Yeah, a bunch Of resets. I've read that you have had a steady meditation practice. I've read it was like two hours a day for 25 years. Yeah. That's a lot of time to be meditating. Yeah. It really helped me so much when I learned to meditate that I never wanted to miss an hour. So I'd never missed an hour except when I was giving birth to my daughter, which was its own thing. But that like, You get a break for the meditation for that, you get a hall pass. I just, and it's not like anyone made me or I necessarily thought I would do that. It's just that it something that gave me a lot of perspective and peace and I guess I just didn't wanna go back.


Hmm. So it in, I do think it informs how I do research or I try to bring what I learn in meditation into, into my, into what I do. Did you do an hour in the morning and an hour at night? Yeah. Wow. And for a year, I think a, a couple times I've, I tried adding more in the morning, so two hours or so in the morning and an hour in the evening or something, which has an effect, but it's hard to, it's hard to make room in your life sometimes. Oh, For sure. Yeah. But it does, you can sleep a little bit less. Yeah. Well you don't wanna make yourself sleep less, but sometimes it just does reduce the amount you need Just by meditating Really.


That's what I found. Interesting. How much sleep do you need? I used to sleep like eight and a half hours and then now I sleep about seven or six and a half. Or if I'm really tired I might sleep a little extra. But I ended up just, yeah. It's so much changed my life that I just, I move things around so I could always do it. So, and try to be adaptable. Mm. So I could, I just mostly get up at, at a regular meditation time, which is like four 30. What kind of meditation? I Do Vipassana, which is a form of Buddhist meditation. Pretty, it's just a form of observation. Or someone once described it as practice in seeing things as they are.


So you try to just, it's not trying to, you know, apply a lens over something or chanting. It's just a very, it's a way of, it's cultivating observation of the subtle body ultimately, or just what is in front of you. And so you just sit in peace and think, Well, it's not always peaceful. There is sometimes. Yeah. But thought, I Mean peace as far as like, you're not bouncing around. You're sit. Yeah, sometimes I'm sitting, sometimes I'm, I've also had, you know, I've adapted. So when my daughter was little, sometimes I'd hold her and be putting her to sleep or something. But mostly I'm just sitting there and with eyes closed and then you, you kind of move, you observe just how you're, how you are.


And the more you practice it, the more you can kind of go into it more deeply quickly. I, I would think that that would be a good protection from unwanted mind control too. Yeah. Because at least you could kind of have an assessment, do an audit of your thoughts and sit back and go, how much of the shit I believe is because of X or because of y Yeah. It's like a built in reflection. Mm. So the end of the day, I have to say, I'm often less still or peaceful. My mind's jumping around and I'm like processing. Maybe it's even what I watched or was exposed to and it's go, it's sort of a processing experience and sometimes you're super distracted, but You can also notice that fact.


So it just builds in Yeah. An opportunity for some distance, which then You can also try to bring into your life too. Were you, when you were young, had you ever been exposed to any cults or anything like that? Hmm. That's a good question. Not when I was really young. Like how old were you when you were first exposed to cults? In fact, I think so that's a good question. I mean, my family is not, is sort of cult averse. I would say. My father, I think they had friends once, you know, in later life my, my parents had these friends who got involved in a large group awareness training, which is a somewhat culty Mm.


And they take you in and you're not allowed to use the bathroom and they lock you kind of like keep you in a room until, until you're really uncomfortable and start, start to have revelations about how you could change your life. And these are, you know, it's stuff like How long did they make you not go to the bathroom Asked? It's to the point where it's uncomfortable. I can't remember. It's a long afternoon going into the evening and often people come out kind of converted. And my parents' friends actually did and they did change their lives in various ways. So they said, you have to come. And my dad in the middle of it, he, he said, I have to go, I have to go to the bathroom. And I'm not, he's like, I'm out of here. He just left. So I figured he had a kind of, he was not programmable in that way.


Well I feel like any group that doesn't want you to go to the bathroom is stupid. It's probably a sign that Yeah. There's no reason to not go to the bathroom if you have to go to the bathroom. That's ridiculous. I mean it's a kind of, it's a, it it is typical of certain groups where they start to constrain your and if, and people who might be willing to remain in that uncomfortable state and be constrained will end up staying longer And it sort of a self-selecting process maybe. Mm. That makes sense. Right. The the people that are more willing to comply. Yeah. And I guess with me maybe the closest, the first brush with AOC cult would be something like the various yoga teachers I've worked with.


Oh, so many of them are so culty. Yeah. And it had, there's one kind of funny story is I got very into yoga when I was living in Oakland also in graduate school. And I, I would go, it was, it, it was really helpful with school just to have very physical demanding practice and, but there was a whole community around it. And it turned out that the teacher was sleeping with many of the students, but I just didn't know it. I thought he was, he was, I don't know, I just thought he was, I admired him. I brought my boyfriend at the time to pick, he came to pick me up after class and he said something like, and he's now my husband. He said, oh, it just, I just got the vibe that everyone there is sleeping with everybody else.


And I was shocked. I was like, no, that's not happening. But it actually, it actually was. You can say it's a bit, I don't think it was a cult, but it certainly was a scandal. Yeah. I had the exact same experience the first time I started taking yoga. There was a guy who was a yoga teacher who I have always been very wary of control and controlling people and those kind of environments. And that this guy was like, there, there was something inauthentic about his spirituality that greased me the wrong way. I was like, yuck. Like just the way he would chant and the things he would say there was just too much ego involved.


And then I found out he was banging all students and I was like, of course he is. I knew it 'cause my wife roped me into going the class. That was the first time I went. I was like, I really like the stretching. It's like really great. I really like yoga itself as a practice. But I mean the problem is these people that are, and it's kind of the problem with everything. Like when one person is in control and one person is the person who gets to lead the class and then they get praise heaped upon them by the students and then they start to think that they deserve it and then they don't have a lot of self-reflection and they're not very objective and then they sort of revel in it and enjoy it. And the next thing you know, they're taking advantage of it and it's like, Yeah.


It's, yeah. It's very helpful to have that defense radar. Yeah. Of a certain kind. Also, sometimes I think these prominent teachers, they have had some sort of, I don't wanna say enlightenment experience, but some sort of breakthrough. Something that that felt profound to them. 'cause many people do. We now know that these experiences are incredibly common. And yet so they take that as a kind of license. Well now I must be enlightened or what I am, you know, I have to take the mantle. My people are awaiting this. Or they sort of then justify things they wouldn't otherwise. Spiritual narcissism. Yeah. It can actually engender that because of or Yeah. And I think there's some, this has been described too.


Spiritual narcissism is a good phrase though. It's legit. Yeah. Yeah. You see a lot of it. There's a lot of it in the psychedelic community, a lot of it in the meditation community, a lot of it in the yoga community. So they just start thinking that they're better than people that don't do it. Yeah. It feels very special. If you have a special experience, it, it's really danger. It becomes very dangerous and yeah. Afterwards to not have it feed your ego. And even if you had a profound breakdown of the ego when you were in a psychedelic state. It is fascinating to me though that You can tell the difference. For the most part, if you're really paying attention between someone who's authentically expressing their real thoughts versus someone who's saying things that they think, if they say these things, they will get praise or they will get attention.


Or you will think that they're profound. We know bullshit. Humans know. There's like a smell to it, a feel to it if you're paying attention. Yeah. But for whatever reason, it's just like some people have big ears, some people have small ears. Some people just are not that good at picking up on that stuff. For whatever reason. Life experience. They haven't been burned enough times. Like whatever it is. And you know, that's where cults get started. And I am fascinated by cults. I've always been fascinated by them because I've watched, I don't know how many documentaries on cults and in the beginning it looks so fun. That's the problem. Do you ever see the documentary Wild, wild Country, the Netflix series?


Yes. It's amazing. Right In the beginning you're like, they look like they're having a great time. Yeah. They're all dancing together and playing drums and having a party and eating together And it, it's like a sense of community. And yeah.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats Summer is almost here. And You can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but You can get chicken Parmesan delivered Catamaran. That's a no lemon meringue. That's a yes. A day in the sun. No, a bottle of rum. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely help you out with that. Get almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You must be legal drinking age, please enjoy responsibly product availability varies by Region C app for details


That, that documentaries was so successful. I think for that very reason. It actually perpetuates the allure of that, of Osho and that cult. Yeah. Because their outfits look kind of cool and the colors are beautiful. Yeah. And they're swirling cavorting dances. But my husband grew up in the Bay area and he was saying he, you know, as a kid, he would run into members of that cult and he said, what you don't see in the documentary and he blames the documentary for not showing this sufficiently, is they were frequently armed. So on the side where you're not seeing it, they're holding, you know, automatic weapons and things like they really, in a way they fell into the spell of the cult in the documentary a bit. Really interesting.


That's interesting. Wow. I did not know that. And you have to have a guy like Osho 'cause like the way he would talk about things And you know, his slow way of talking the people. Yeah. You know, his, his beard and the Rolls Royces and everything. It's like good Lord Argue and he was really much more of a cocaine adduct. Or was he enthusiast than people also recognize. I think he gets off a little easy in that documentary as well. Partly because they're interviewing people who are still to some extent devoted or they wanna maintain that ocean, you know? Well also the, was her name Stella? Yeah. Was her name.


Yeah. She was so crazy. She's crazy. She was poisoning people and pulls. She was such a great villain that it made him like, because if she wasn't in the documentary, he would be the villain. Exactly. Yeah. She pulls the focus. Yes. Yeah, most certainly. And the fact that she's still alive too, that that sort of helps as well. Yeah. But there i, I feel like it's a default thing in the human psyche because of our ancient history of living in tribes. Mm. That human beings have been very tribal. And I think being a part of a tribe, one of the things that happens is you sort of have to go along with the way everybody else is doing things.


Mm. If you want to fit in and you want to adapt, and especially if you're growing up in the tribe, you don't know any different. This is the only group and being ostracized from the tribe and kicked out, it's like, oh my goodness, that's the worst thing in the world. Now you're alone. You have to fend for yourself. There's no way You can, you have to protect yourself and the wilderness and the animals and the elements and predators and other humans and ugh. So you have to, it's very dangerous to be alone. So you have to adapt to the, to the tribe itself. I think that's true. Yeah. Small scale societies have to, I mean even the word cult in its technical or dictionary definition doesn't necessarily mean abusive Right.


Organization. It just means small scale religious group that may be, you know, I think people deeply yearn for that sense of belonging. And that's why it does look so fun. And in, and by all reports is very fun to get inducted into a cult. People get these exhilarated states, they often have altered, you know, experiences of altered consciousness. Yes. And the ex, you know, they're empowered by it too. Well, fun fact, before I bought the place that I put my comedy club on sixth Street, I was under contract for a theater called the One World Theater that was run by this cult.


And I kind of vaguely heard about it. And my friend Ron told me that the theater's amazing. You, you should buy because we were talking about buying a comedy club, you should buy that place. And so I got under con and my friend Adam called me up, he goes, have you seen the documentary on that cult? I'm like, oh no, there's a documentary that's never good, that's never good and it's really bad. The documentary's called Holy Hell. And it's about this guy who's a hypnotist, a yoga teacher, and a gay porn star. And that's a, that's a 1, 2, 3 combination. And he started out as cult in West Hollywood. And then after Waco, after that went down, the cult awareness network started really cracking down and they were investigating him.


So he changed his name and moved to Austin. Oh. And had his followers build him this theater. Fortunately I got out of the deal, but, And I guess he was selling it Or Well he was gone. Oh yeah. It had already fallen apart. Yeah. The cult had completely fallen apart. But what's fascinating is, in the documentary, in the beginning again, it looks amazing. They're all cooking together and eating together and doing yoga and they look so happy. And let's just be honest, modern society, the day-to-day grind, the, you know, keeping up with the Joneses, the stuck in traffic and doing things you hate under fluorescent lights in a cubicle all day long is not attractive.


Not only is it not attractive, it makes cults attractive. And these people were longing for something that was that that showed them that, no, you are right. This is stupid. The way your parents lived is stupid. The way all these people live in society. You know, the way Thoreau described men living lives of quiet desperation. Like Yeah, that sucks. Yeah. You don't have to live like that man. Come live with us man. Yeah. And this guy was able to do this thing called the knowing. And the knowing was it was very difficult to get and people wanted it and he wouldn't give it to them. And like you had to. But when he would give it to you, you would, you would sit there and he would put his hands like his thumbs on your head and touch you.


And these people would go into this intense state of bliss that even after they did this documentary, even after they realized he was a charlatan and they left the Colton, they said that that moment was the greatest moment of their life when this because of the power of suggestion or the way the human mind anticipated this event and then built up to it. And then when it finally happened, this endogenous burst of so of whatever it is in the mind, I don't, I don't know which chemicals were being released, but these people claim that they contacted God for this brief moment where this man touched them. They, they kind of understood everything. Yeah.


Briefly. So it kind of worked, even though he was having sex with everybody. Not only he was having sex with these people, he was charging them. He would charge these guys for therapy and they have sex with them. Yeah. And you know, and they would talk about it afterwards like thanks a lot. Like, dude, it was so horrible 'cause like at the end, the documentary's so bad at the end of the documentary it was like, I gotta get outta this deal. Like it's still like there's not enough sage in the world to burn off the bad juju that happened in this joint. That's true. Yeah. So it just felt like, oh, Horrible. I think, yeah, the life cycle of a cult has that, what you just described. And sometimes And it accelerated, but sometimes it plays out slower over time.


But a lot of times people are very confused on leaving if say, if they're yeah. Taken out as maybe even children rescued by FBI from abusive groups or people who managed to escape a cult abusive cults. They still have trouble evaluating their positive experiences. 'cause the positive was so good. Right. And disentangling it and dele, you know, you feel that you need to delegitimize that too. But I think, so that's why I think therapy can be helpful if someone who's experienced with cult ex members. I think the problem also is that it's their only community.


And if you have to leave your only community and then just strike it out in the world and you've been with this community for 20 years or whatever, it's right. Like what do you do? How do you do it? How, how do you find peace? Yeah. And how do you find companionship? How do you find like that sense of camaraderie? It's so deeply embedded in a tight-knit small community. And a lot of times when you, when you come out, if it's say it was 18 or 20 years or a large portion of your middle life, maybe when in as a young person you come out and you don't know your, you know, don't know how to operate things, you don't have the right, you don't, you're not comfortable with new technologies.


You feel, I think that it's really a terrible experience for a lot of people. And they still grapple with it many years later readjusting to society because the critique they had originally, which was profound as you're saying, you know, not wanting to live a life of quiet desperation that's still there. Right. Critique. But it just wasn't answered. I always say like, someone come up with a really good cult and I'll join, come up with one that like you answer all the questions, but you don't try to control me and you're just nice. Isn't there a cult where someone's not trying to have sex with everybody and not trying to steal all your money? Isn't it possible to do that just to like get together a group of like-minded individuals and I guess that would be more of a commune.


But even that there's always some male, generally male leader who ruins everything. It does seem to be, I think some of the, so there seemed to be in the seventies so many cults and back to the land groups and some of the back to the back to land stories are also, you know, have many cautionary sides to 'em in many of the aspects of cults. What is the back to the land? So just People leaving the city heading off to the country and starting an like an intentional community I guess would be what you're right. What you're describing with the idea that we're gonna collectively raise even collectively raise our children, sell hammocks or you know, make our own jam or, or you could say even monasteries maybe aspire to this.


Yeah. Some kind of religious organizations also have that intentional quality and some, so I've done some research into some of these 'cause you wouldn't consider them cults necessarily, but they can end up having some of those qualities such as sexual, just the demand that people have sex with each other, which tends to just create a lot of chaotic circumstances. Why do you think it always involves that? Why does it always go that way? I don't know. I mean it's very interesting 'cause I even read Norman Khan's classic history of Milin Millennialism, which are a lot of groups in the Middle Ages and afterwards that like Christian sex where they would break off and including things like the Children's Crusade and others.


And they often would end up with, with the kind of free love, even though they're very devout and extreme and sort of devoted to giving up their worldly possessions. There was sometimes this component of this kind of sexual freedom that would end up destructively having destructive outcomes. Do you think that is just because of just genetics? Just the, the encoded desire to spread your seed because life is very fragile and especially in tribal life when you're going back to the hunter gatherer days, people didn't live very long And it was very difficult to like, have you ever met read John Marco Allegro any of his work?


No. He wrote The Sacred Mushroom and the Cross. Oh. Which is a fascinating book about the Dead Sea Scrolls. And he's got a very controversial perspective on Christianity. And his perspective was, and this guy was an ordained minister who was agnostic because he, he was in the ordained minister. But then we started studying theology. He started seeing all these parallels to all these various religions. And he was like, well, you know, clearly, like it's not one religion has it, right? There's something in all these things, but it's not like I have to, I'm a Catholic and that's it. Or I'm a Muslim and that's it. He was like, there's something here that's, that exists throughout all them, this constant threat.


So he gets hired to be one of the people that decipher the Dead Sea Scrolls. So the Dead Sea Scrolls, which is, you know, parchment, which is, you know, like animal skins. And they have to do, do you know the whole story behind it? They, they found them in these clay tab, these clay pots and kuron and these caves. And it turns out to be like some of the oldest works of the Bible. Yeah, well he decipher it for 14 years. And after 14 years, his conclusion is that the entire religion was based on fertility rituals and the consumption of psychedelic mushrooms. And that all of this had been sort of hidden in parables and stories.


But he maintains that the root of it all was all about these people and the, these cults of fertility rituals and consuming psychedelic mushrooms. And he even brought the, he, he traced the word Christ back to, and this is very controversial for Christians with your hackles up. I'm not saying I agree with this, but he traced the word Christ back to an ancient Sumerian word, which meant a mushroom covered in God semen. The idea was that when it rained, it was God fertilizing the earth and that these mushrooms would like instantaneously rise. Like they would go to bed and in the morning the mushrooms would be there where they weren't there before they would consume these mushrooms and have these intense psychedelic experiences.


And then they tried to hide this stuff from the Romans and so they hid it in parables and they hid it in stories. But this is what his belief was. Well I think it kind of reminds me what you're describing, which I don't haven't read or, but I think it reminds me a little of Alda Huxley's idea of the perennial philosophy, which is that there's, if you study across religions, you can find certain traits and properties that all share. And he wrote a whole book describing what that was. Then his last book that he wrote before he died was, was called the Island. And it was sketching out what he believed would be just what you describe, a non-abusive a, a place where a small scales com community where humans could flourish And it wouldn't involve including, And it would avoid sexual abuse.


And one of the features I always remember from this, which maybe relates to what you're, what you're saying is, is that he, he said there would be trained parrots on all the trees and every 15 minutes or so they would say attention, which would remind people to pay attention. In other words, to break that tendency. We all have to succumb to, you know, loops of conditioning and things like that. Because I think, yeah, as you were saying, fertility is a natural part of human life and often worshiped


With how much your privacy is being invaded online. VPNs are no longer just a nice thing to have, it's a necessity. Some people think I don't need A VPN because I have nothing to hide. But that's exactly what data brokers want you to think because their profits depend on you having nothing to hide. What you do online is your business. And if you want to keep it your business, you need express VPN. With express VPNA hundred percent of your online activity travels through secure encrypted servers. It hides your IP address so no one can use it to track and sell your online activity and your privacy is restored. Express VPN is also a great tool to secure your sensitive information from hackers. If you're using public wifi, like at a hotel, airport or coffee shop, anyone can hijack your connection and access your most sensitive information. With Express VPN, you know that your passwords and banking info are safe and secure. Express VPN is the number one ranked VPN by the experts at CNET and the Verge. And right now you can get an amazing deal. They're offering four extra months free if you go to ExpressVPN dot com slash rogan or tap the banner and if you're watching on YouTube, you can get your four free months by scanning the QR code on screen or clicking the link in the description.


It worshiped in. And also it's, it's so deeply ingrained because it was so, it was so important in the beginning because you literally could go extinct. It was very difficult to survive. We're so much weaker than everything else around us we're so fragile. Life is, and infant mortality was so high, it was so difficult to raise a child to adulthood that you had to have as many of them as possible just to ensure that the survival of your tribe. And I think unfortunately this is what gets distorted in all of these groups and this is where things go sideways. 'cause then you evolve, involve emotions and you involve ego and dominance hierarchies.


And it seems like even if Alda Huxley's idea, if Huxley's idea was great and you had an island and everything was going well, you, it'd be good for like one generation. And then the kids of the next generation would grow up and one would decide, You know what, I got a fucking better idea than this. Like, and then someone would go straight Jim Jones. Yeah. You know, they would, they would start growing some plant that was an amphetamine and they'd start getting wacky Human beings. Being human beings. Yes. Would, I mean, also there's an interesting paradox or tension in ecstasy itself. I mean there's religious ecstasy and there's sexual ecstasy and I think sometimes they get mixed up, like the wires can get crossed.


So that can lead to someone maybe initially, I don't know, these groups, just the tendency they can have to go towards sexual abuse. Why do you think that during the 1970s there's this big upswing in these cults? Well, there, it started in the sixties from my understanding. Although they were, they did, they did exist before then. But yeah, there's a lot more interest in them I suppose because there's a, there's a more widespread questioning in US society and also worlds, you know, around the world. So cults, flourished also in Japan and Europe and Latin America and also India.


So certain, do They have parallels? Yeah, there are parallel. Sometimes they would have branch organizations in different countries. So some people say in the group, the children of God, sometimes they'd be, the kids would be sort of moved from group to group. 'cause they had outposts in Thailand and they would grow up in London. And then Who was the leader of the children of God? Which one was That? This was a guy named David Berg. This is the cult in which the river Phoenix and his family were briefly Oh right. They were in it, but not, I think the parents ultimately took them out. But it, it's a really messed up, a very disturbing cult. And I actually right about and have met a member who's just sort of an average member named Ray Connolly.


I met him at a meeting of the International Cultic Studies Association. And he left after 30 years. But he just describes in a riveting way how he, how he joined. And I think that's kind of representative of why cult started to flourish in the seventies. So he was a, a young man in college and he was, was just feeling, he said he just felt that, you know, the, the old, the traditions that his parents had brought him up in and Catholicism that he had been raised in was, he just felt that he lacked meaning in his life. He didn't, he felt like reality was over there and he was separated from it by, you know, there was like a saran wrap over everything. Mm. So he felt somewhat alienated, but he didn't know what the answer would be. He kind of yearned for a religious experience.


And he moved, he went out to California and he, I think at a con, he was at a concert at university at the, in Santa Barbara. And he saw this group walking through during intermission and they were wearing these robes and chanting And it was right after the Manson trial and murders. So he, in his mind was this, you know, he was scared of them. He thought that looks like a cult. But later, even though he had that thought, he would end up joining them for 30 years because he, he saw them during later after the event and he went back to talk to them. 'cause something drew him to them. He's about, I think he had dropped out of college by this time. And he said that they were eating sandwiches and they looked a lot more casual unapproachable than they had earlier.


And they, he just said, he was asking them questions and they said, would you like to recite the sinner's prayer right now and drop to your knees? And, you know, and he said, yeah, for some reason he said, yes, because what is the sinner's prayer? It's, it's just a, it's a, it's a verse that actually is not from the Bible, but often would be used as a recruiting tool. And it did result in this sort of outof body experience. He recited it and then he said he stood up and he felt changed by this. But it turned out that David Berg, he didn't know the name of the group. And they said, why don't you join us? And he took, he, in other words, he kept taking small steps towards it. And pretty soon he found himself on the bus with this group.


And he still didn't know the name of it. And they were all testifying about how they had, you know, been converted. And he, he was asked to, you know, add to the testimony and he started talking about JD Salinger. 'cause he was just an alienated youth basically. And nobody understood what he was talking about. They all just started singing and covering up his words. But, and he, and he thought several times of leaving and getting off the bus, going to see his ex-girlfriend. He had just broken up with his girlfriend, but he ended up staying and he ended up marrying three women and just three, well, at first it was one, they had an arranged marriage. And then it turned out the, this guy who ran the group, David Berg, he was a former furniture salesman.


He then had some, you know, he, he believed that he got these messages direct from the almighty that messages told him that he needed to ramp up his recruiting by having women do this practice called Flirty Fishing, where they would go out and basically seduce men into the cult. And then he started introducing these practices where they were supposed to have sex with children. 'cause his idea was that this was natural. And so many gener, you know, generations of kids were raised in this cult with this were either trafficked or abused. I mean, it's really horrific.


And Ray Connolly's interesting 'cause he didn't engage in those things. He did end up having 17 children in the cult and, but he, 17 kids, I think he did have 17. He's a fascinating person because he left and he spent his time supporting survivors and which is very unusual. What about his 17 kids? And they came out too. How do they have, how does he have time for anything else with 17 kids? I know they're not mostly grown because he is quite, yeah, he's quite elderly. But I guess just the, it's interesting to hear him talk about how he saw the group changing and how what started out to be this profound experience soon he called it a dark hamster wheel of the soul.


Like he was caught. And it became this, basically they were exploiting him in his middle age years. He rose in sort of mid-level bureaucracy within the cult. But anyway, this cult children of God has and today still exists, has a different name. They Had, do they still have the same practices? No, they, they say they reformed, but many people are still pursuing lawsuits against them, things like that. Who are adults today. They had, you know, groups throughout the world and they would move kids around and things like that. The Manson family is a fascinating one, right?


Because I know that you have studied Jolly West and the, the whole MK Ultra program and what, what they were experimenting with, with psychedelic drugs and, and, and cults and mind control. Do you, what is, what is your perspective on why they were doing that? Why, why Jolly West was involved? Why, why were they involved? What do you think was the initial motivation to sort of pursue mind control studies? The federal government? Yeah. I think the initial motivation was a kind of national internal emergency, national security emergency that emerged right after World War ii.


Actually at the beginning of the Korean War when US pilots were coming back or were shown confessing to having shown flown German warfare emissions over China. And then many POWs were coming back and seemed to have been converted to communism or have been concerningly affected by something that was seen as brainwashing by the, so many of the, the soldiers coming back seemed to have been brainwashed or have been have collaborated to some degree when they were held, held as prisoners. And then there were 21 US POWs who elected to stay in China.


And this really was a disturbing, you know, they all had a chance to choose when they were in the UN camps after they'd been held prisoner for, for four years or so. And 21 of them decided that they'd like to try their lot in China. And so this caused this kind of collective, this this caused a crisis of, you know, did the communist possess a super weapon of some, some kind that no other war. There was even a famous article in the New Yorker that said something new in history that there was something that some capacity that this ideological system had, the communists had that would, that was somehow rendering am Americans powerless against it.


So this, this was kind of the crisis of mind control. And MK Ultra was an attempt to, to basically reverse engineer what this was. So Jolly West was one of the first people. He was, he was in charge of studying the brainwash pilots initially. And that's how he And what year was this? That was in 52. But he also pre before that he was involved, I mean his, he had been trained to some degree with, he was trained by Harold Wolf who was at Cornell. He had done his residency at Cornell with Dr. Harold Wolf, who is a, a world ex neurologist, a world expert in migraine and, and basically the type of pain that comes from migraine.


So you could say he was an expert in the pain, fear, pain cycle. And he had CIA connections from even before MK Ultra was started. So what did they determine the Chinese were doing? So they determined, west wrote a paper in 1957 and the part that was publicly that was published in a journal called Socio Geometry described, he, he described it as DDD or debility dependency and dread. And he said basically these camps were systematically inducing a state of de ability, which was, which was that soldiers were starved and basically worn down.


They were deprived of medical care. They were, I mean, this is also in the historical record. Something I studied extensively is that, you know, they had men were marched in, for example, the Tiger death march north of the Yalu River from, you know, from the war where they'd been captured. And by the time they got there, they had often lost half their body weight. They had been bombed by their own horses at night. They sometimes, you know, were, they had to pour the blood out of their boots every morning just to keep going and not be anyone who stopped would be shot. So by the time they got to the camps, they were really worn down. And a missionary who saw, who passed them on a train at that time wrote or described in an oral history that he, he didn't recognize them as Americans, that they were, they were the most bedraggled, you know, that it was just a very, they were in a terrible state.


And so, so Debil was the first thing West West described when he was extracting what had happened. Dependency was, you know, later there was a layer added in which the soldiers were, the POWs were depending for all their, if they were going to survive, they required, you know, the camp, the camp leaders would provide it. So it made them very dependent and they, they also engaged in very formal malice thought reform with the men as a kind of experiment. And the third part was dread, which was just the idea that you could be killed at any time or perhaps your family could be 'cause they threatened The family ma thought reform.


Yeah. The, in the camp, in the POW camps, the Chinese, once the Chinese took over from the Koreans running the camps, they, because they, they decided, I think it was almost a formal experience. At least that's how it looks to me. I don't think West wrote about this, but in my own research on the camps, it, it transpires that they, they wanted to see, 'cause Mao believed that thought reform would work on anybody, not just on Chinese people, and not just on Chinese peasants. He felt that only something like seven or to 8% of the human population was unreformable and those people would be disposed of. But he wanted to check if these American soldiers would also be susceptible to reeducation.


So they really did a formal, you know, three part reeducation program on them. And men had many different responses to it. But when West met them, he, he studied some of many of their returning men when they came back to Lackland Air Force Base. And he extracted those three, those three components of what had happened to them. D, DD and then, and that's the way he became an expert on what he called brainwashing or coercive persuasion. So how did they go from that to like sponsoring the Manson family And, you know, so Operation Midnight climax and all the crazy stuff that they were doing. Yeah, it may seem like a leap.


Yeah, but it, I think it, I mean, Sort of, It's sort of a leap. It's sort of not. I think the MK Ultra was funded around indirect response to this crisis of the, of the POWs. And in addition to reverse engineering what had happened to them, they also wanted to turn it into a weapon and continue certain programs in, in interrogation procedures and making them more effective. So MK Ultra just had a wide reach And it was pretty free reign. It was a free reign program. And you know, the historian Alpha Alfred McCoy says it was modeled on the Los Alamos in a way, a kind of Manhattan project for the mind.


So just as the atom had been disassembled And, you know, transformed into this new, this new world had emerged from that program, that intensive exertion of scientific acumen. The same thing could be done with a mind, the mind could be sort of pulled apart and human consciousness and functioning could be understand, you know, people could be broken down and rebuilt. Were they trying to optimize the use of the mind to their advantage? Like what was the end goal that they were trying to do with this One thing? A couple things. I think one idea was that potentially it could be a weapon, one goal, another, so it could be used on, on an enemy, perhaps even a city.


So that's one reason they were researching LSD. It had certain properties that made it easily, it could be easily dispensed to an entire population through the water supplies. So they wanted to know what exactly are the properties of LSD people didn't really know at the time. So there was an offensive part of it. There's also a defensive part. So US military needed to be trained to resist whatever this was. And once they understood it, they developed the SEA training and that was west was involved in that as well. And then a third thing was a more, maybe a broader curiosity about, you know, which would lead you to be able to interrogate people better and perhaps also to, you know, just really understand.


I think there was also kind of a, a curiosity about what would happen, right? I think 'cause just because they had so much power to experiment in a way without any oversight. And it wasn't until 1963 that the Inspector General of the CIA himself said, this is, this is unethical. And you know, we have done it. Basically put a, put a stop to it. But it, it really was Did you say 63? Yeah,


But it, this episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. Speed dating is an interesting concept, isn't it? Setting an allotted amount of time to get to know as many people as you can, it increases your chances of finding a good match. And there's not a whole lot of room for bullshit. You have to cut to the chase to find what you're looking for. Wouldn't it be nice if you had something like that when it comes to hiring for your business? Well, good news, there's ZipRecruiter. ZipRecruiter has a new zip intro feature that helps speed up the hiring process, connecting you with qualified candidates faster. You can try it for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. As soon as you post your job zip intro will get to work. You could even be talking to candidates in back-to-back calls the very next day. All you have to do is pick a time and it'll start scheduling top talent for you to meet. Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with the new zip intro feature only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro Post jobs today, talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. Summer is almost here and you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered. But you can get chicken Parmesan delivered Catamaran. That's a no lemon meringue. That's a yes. A day in the sun. No, a bottle of rum. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely help you out with that. Get almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You must be legal Drinking age, please enjoy Responsibly. Product availability varies by region CA for details and on, I mean, the Harvard LSD studies, when were those?


I actually, I don't know which ones exactly. There were some that were earlier. What Are, what are the ones that made Ted Kozinski Okay, that Yeah, that's earlier. Was that earlier than 63? Yeah. Yeah. And that's Henry Murray. Oh, yeah. But so I don't, I don't actually know the answer to that question of exactly how it continued, but they officially discontinued and destroyed all the records. So they may have continued under other forms, But Manson was 69. Yeah. So Manson is after that. So they didn't discontinue it. They kept doing things. Well, West kept working. Yeah. It's ironic because it seems like they were kind of a cult because Yeah, the, the amount of power, the amount of unchecked power and influence that Jolly West had, and MK Ultra in general had, and all the people that were working on this, you have this power, the fact that you are working in complete secrecy.


You are the puppeteer, you're, you're controlling all these people. And then this idea that, have you read Chaos? The Tom O'Neal book? Yeah. Yeah. What did you think about that? I thought it was great research. Amazing. Yeah. It's a amazing book. It's a really good book. And just so stunning. Yeah. I had never considered that before. I thought Manson was a crazy guy, and he got together with a bunch of crazy people and he ran a call. I no, no suspicion that the government was involved in orchestrating the entire thing. They may, they may not have been. I don't think O'Neill, Tom O'Neill thinks that he made an absolute link. He just brought, he, you do get west in the same room, potentially the Same.


You get West visiting Manson in jail. I don't, I don't remember that. Yeah. West West visited Manson in Jail West, he believes, at least Tom O'Neill does supplied him with LSD. And then every time Manson would get arrested, he would get released. This is true. But this wasn't, we necessarily, this was Roger Smith, who was, we, he was an associate of Wess, and Wes was head of the me Methamphetamine research Project or things like, boy, which was, so, you know, Wes did, so he got, Wes got funding to do his hippie lab, or you know, his psych, psych psycho lab or psyche lab in 68, 67 and 68 during his sabbatical in the Bay Area.


And it wasn't, you know, it wasn't obviously funded by this, this, if it was funded by the CIA, it was clandestine. But there was many notes that Tom and Neil also writes about. So both of us have gone to the West Papers over many, many years. And, and I think You can put West at the ha Ashbury Free Medical Clinic, where he had an office and where Manson would go for medical treatment and his girls, he would take his girls in to be treated. His women, his, his cult. And this was, they were, at the time, as I understand it, seen as a kind of a model cult. And many of the researchers under West, I mean, we can prove that link, that people like Alan Rose, who was a sociologist, they were trying to do an ethnographic study of cults and, You know, what is the natural environment?


How do they, how do they create bonds and was their relationship to American society and to drug use and things like that. So West would apparently hang out on the couch getting high and wearing, you know, kind of dressed up in hippie garb with his middle aged friends. And these graduate students and an undergraduate who he hired would be writing in their journals about how irritating he was. But, you know, so sometimes it seems like it wasn't very targeted And it wasn't very efficient, And it wasn't really, there didn't appear to be a, a plan, which isn't to say, so to me, it's not entirely clear what the relationship was with Manson.


It is very evident. He was bailed out several times by Roger Smith, who is also a psychologist as well as a parole officer. So that's highly suspicious. And Roger Smith did know West and Dave Smith, who was the head of the medical clinic, also knew West. But these things are, it's hard to tell exactly how it's coordinated. I appreciate you being cautious about it. Yeah, that's good for you. I'm less cautious. I, I, but I think it's also, that is how the government functions in general, the idea that they would be so inefficient at everything except cult is kind of silly.


I mean, is It, it's, yeah, it's a, it's a really, it's a deep question. Yeah. You know, is it clownish or, because if you look at some of the other MK Ultra operations, they look highly inefficient. And, you know, they're dosing each other at the holiday party with the punch And, you know, just many lives ruined while Yeah. At the Operation Midnight climax. It just looks like a free for all and out of control. But I, there, there are really concerning aspects of the Haight Ashbury operation. I would definitely say. And Manson was, I mean, he could have been an also an informant. Well, he certainly was. I'm sure. Yeah. I mean, I'm c I'm, I'm certain he was connected.


There's no way he just kept getting out of jail the way he got out. And the sheriffs who arrested him were told that it's above their pay grade. Exactly. Yeah. It's just, it's kind of how the government does everything though. Like, it's not like they would have it be this like very disciplined, rigorous, scientifically controlled study that, you know, You know what I'm saying? That made sense. Especially because they have so much impunity. They have so much power. They have so much no one's observing them. They're working completely in secrecy. They kind of get away with doing, and they're also imbibing. Right. They're also, that's a, That's a factor. Oh, I mean, yeah. I mean, Sydney Gottlieb, the head of MK Ultra was, or the TSS was, was regularly taking acid, which can kind of shape your consciousness.


Yeah. That's a little problematic. But, you know, interestingly, since you mentioned that there was a peer reviewed side of it, and they actually threw the, he, I got really interested in the cutouts from MK Ultra. So they had a legitimating legitimate side, and many scientists who work for 'em, they were almost subcontracting to them. And some of them knew it CIA money, and some of them didn't know. So even someone like interesting BF Skinner received money from the m from MK Ultra, but it was conduit, it was, I wanna say conduit through the Human Ecology Society, which was part of it. But it was just a, a front organization and they were really into these fronts.


So some scientists, there was the group that later people would call the unwitting scientists who would just be, they were doing the research they wanted to do. It just happened to be of interest Right. To the CIA and then others, others would publish in legitimate journals within, they'd have an, a classified version of their research that went more into detail in the aspects that MK Ultra was interested in. Well, it's also one of the more interesting aspects of MK Ultra is that it's very difficult to find out what was really going on. And unless they, there was a, a bunch of files that were discovered, right. That sort of unveiled what, what was, and if had not been, if those files had not been discovered, who knows what we would actually know about all this Stuff.


Yeah. We wouldn't, we wouldn't know. And there are act amazingly, so this was the result of a FOIA request by John Marks, who was a journalist at the time. And he made the request and everything had been destroyed except for the financial records. And it just, but one thing I also wanna mention, the CIA kept very good records of a lot of things. And even in the financial records, they still had copies of some of the, the commissioned projects. So that's how we know about them. Mm. That's, that's, And it really is accidental that they didn't think to purge their financial files. What was probably so secretive that the people that were in charge currently when the FOIA requests were filed, probably weren't really aware of it all In.


Yeah. It was in the seventies And it was in 77 or so, I think. Yeah. So you're dealing with, you know, a decade past, who knows if the people currently in charge were even aware, because I would imagine a lot of this stuff is very compartmentalized. I think the destruction of the records had happened earlier, But that, that destruction had been, as you said, they, they made a, I mean, from their point of view, they neglected this batch of documents. Whoops. And then, then the church committee came out in 75 and many revelations were made, although it was still partial. And then John Marks made his voer request sometime around then It, it brings me back to yoga teachers, cult leaders, and then clandestine government operations.


Like whenever people have power, unchecked power and insane influence, particularly influence to manipulate people and influence over people's minds. And if your entire, if your established goal is to try to find out how you can manipulate people and what, what can be done, and you're, you're doing this complete incomplete secrecy with basically unlimited funding. It's all just all under the table stuff. Like you could get away with so much. You also, I think one component you also, that helps this develop is to have a high ideal at the same time.


Something like Right. A kind of a almost messianic purpose. We're doing it to save America. We're Saving the world. Yeah. Not just America, but the world. Oh yeah. And that's one thing I, one of the inspirations for my research was finding a book on the street many years ago when I was living in California. And I love to find a good, just a accidental inspiration, which was this book called The Captive Mind, that somebody had left out by chess, left Milosh, who was a Polish poet. And he had grown up in Warsaw or come of age in Warsaw and seen his city, the city that he lived in, just deteriorate into shear. He said it was an experience, no human being would ever want to live through if you were lucky enough to live through just watching the city destroyed.


And people shipped off to Auschwitz and all these things. But he said that, and like social life completely deteriorating before him. And then afterwards the Soviet troops came in and even though he watched us, his friends kind of had to remake themselves in order to survive, in order to be artists in order. And so if you're a poet, you don't just go along, you have to actually start to think differently. And at first they would sort of pay a lip service to it or make it, you know, on the surface they would pretend to agree and then secretly have their own, you know, writing. But after a while, they would start to internalize the, and he called it the new faith. He, you know, the kind of this, this doctrinaire ideology.


And that's what he, he ended up himself defecting. 'cause he couldn't do that. He said, it's an operation you perform on yourself. So I just think one important factor is this true, true belief, this sense. And it, and out of that can come the justification for a number of violations. I think. Well, I think that's a through line through the entire CIA itself. Yeah. Yeah. I mean that's, I that could justify so many different secret operations all over the world. Like you're, you're there to protect American interests and America is essentially the guiding light of the world, and we need to save the world.


So you want to make an omelet, you gotta crack some eggs. Yeah. That's the kind of logic. And that's a very typical logic of a, that means the means are justified by the ends. I was fascinated also in chaos. Jolly West's connection to Jack Ruby. Right. That he visited Jack Ruby after Jack Ruby had shot Lee Harvey Oswald. And all of a sudden Jack Ruby goes crazy. Yeah. He was never coherent again after meeting this happened to several shocking number of people. And in West Papers You can actually find the unredacted documents where he talks about some of the things he's been able to do with combinations of sodium amol, LSD and various other, What did he Say?


Psychoactive drug. Well, he's, I mean, among other things he says, he, he started to say or suggest that he could create memories. He could, I mean, he knew that he could destroy a person's orientation to self and time. And so basically disassemble a person. But he also, he also said he could use hypnosis to not as anesthesia, which is a known possibility with hypnosis, but to create extra pain. So hyperesthesia and he kind of said that he could actually make someone develop blisters or asthma or an ulcer. Wow. Just by hypnotizing them. I don't think he did that to Jack Ruby. Obviously. He had a very, he had a, a warning with him or something.


He did A what with him? He had just had a short amount of time with him. But that's Enough to dose him. Ruby emerged. Yeah. Apparently in, I don't know that much about the Ruby episode, but I do know that West intended to write a book. He, he intended to write about eight books, at least this is a note I found in his papers. He also developed cancer shortly afterwards. Well, actually not shortly, but event in the nineties. Oh, was it in the nineties? Oh, okay. I'm sorry. I thought it was quickly. No, he and he, So this is it. Yeah. This was from around around 1980 or so. But I thought it was interesting. So Who wrote this? We, this is Wes, This is all Russ's handwriting.


Handwriting. Oh wow. And it's just a little sheet of paper I found in his paper, in his archives, Biosocial Humanism, A philosophy for a New Age Integrative Psychotherapy. The Disassociative reactions a different person. Psychiatric observations on the case of Patricia Campbell. Her, oh, Patty Hurst. Yeah. Policeman at his elbow. A psychiatric memoir on the case of Jack Ruby. They Oh, wow. This is his own handwritten notes. Yeah. And these are the order in which he intended to write them. He always want, you find a lot of correspondence in his papers where he's writing to agents. He wants to write a book. And he even testified in the Patty Hearst trial, 'cause he was the primary expert witness trying to make the case that she'd been mind controlled.


And Stockholm Syndrome Had, yeah, she should be exonerated. But he, he claimed that in his first minutes on the stand, he perjured himself by saying he was the author of, of a book on POWs and brainwashing, which was not, which wasn't the case. But these were all the books that he intended to write. Oh, so maybe he was the author. He just didn't publish it. Well, I, yeah, he said he was the author of a published book, but he, you know, he just, basically, he had, I think it was one area that he, he always said, well, my next sabbatical, I'm gonna write, write all this stuff up. But he never got to it. It's Too busy doing acid. Yeah. He may maybe, and also he had a lot of extramarital affairs that kept him Very busy.


Oh, that'll distract you A whole separate family or Oh boy. Oh boy. Yeah. Oh, Jolly. It was very distressing to his wife. What a mess. And that guy was the head of MK Ultra or Key? Well, wasn't not the key. I mean, key. I mean, I don't figure wasn't even know. He was a pretty prominent figure. But It's, it's fascinating. The Haight Ashbury free clinic closed down shortly after Chaos was published. I Oh, it did? Yeah. I didn't know it had closed down. 'cause when I was in San Francisco when I lived there, But that was a while ago. It was still open. Yeah. My wife's mom used to go there. My wife's mom was a hippie in Haight Ashbury. I mean, it was kind of a great, it was a great thing.


Dave Smith was like, I mean, it was a true inspiration that he had, because originally I think he was doing this dark research on animals get, you know, addicting rats to cocaine and things like that. And then he had this, 'cause he's been giving some interviews recently, he's still alive. The doctor who founded it, just that he should, that there was a human crisis on the streets and that he should provide medical care to, to young kids who runaways and things like that. But his, and he doesn't of course, think that, he doesn't admit to any connection with Interesting. I Mean, he admits he knew West. Is that true about, Hey Ashbury, can you gimme just a Pause? I can't get the, my switcher fucked up and I can't get this thing off.


This episode is brought to you by degree, original, cool rush deodorant. You gotta love when a brand can own its mistakes. So last year people got really mad when Degree changed their cool Rush formula. Well, guess what? Degree? Listened, admitted they messed up and are bringing the original Cool Rush Cent back. Grab some from Walmart, target, or other stores now for under $4. And remember why it's the number one men's anti perman for the last decade. The original degree. Cool. Rush is back And it smells like victory for all of us.


This episode is brought to you by Paleo Valley. Alright, let's talk about snacks for a second. You know how hard it is to find something that's actually good for you but doesn't taste like cardboard. That's why I'm stoked about Paleo Valley's 100% grass fed beef sticks. They're the perfect on-the-go snack. Whether you're traveling, hiking, or just slammed at work, just toss 'em in your bag and you're set. But here's the thing, not all beef sticks are created equal. A lot of big brands use nasty stuff like citric acid, lactic acid as preservatives, paleovalley. They use old world fermentation. No chemicals, no junk. Plus it's good for your gut. They've sold over 55 million sticks. And if you don't love them, there's a 60 day money back guarantee. And right now get 20% off at paleovalley.com/rogan with the code Rogan. These are next level paleovalley.com/rogan.


The screen. Okay, we'll pause. Alright. Technical error fixed. You asked me a question. Jolly West, was that true? Yeah. Yeah. I asked you the Haight Ashbury free clinic. When did it close? I believe it closed. I think Tom told me this. I didn't know it closed. Sorry. Yeah, I believe it. I think Tom's exposing the fact that the C Yeah. 2019 July. So that's Right afterwards. Wow. Yeah. His article. Yeah, there's the article. Hate Ashbury. Free Clinic closes its doors after more than 50 years.


And how much acid, how many gallons of acid did you guys give out? You fucking freaks. Just the fact that the CIA was secretly running a free clinic. Well, I Don't Think they know, or police had offices inside of it. I'm sure they were doing legitimate work as well. Yeah. I can't, I don't know myself, but Tom, I know Tom's working on a sequel as well. Yeah. Where he is trying to shore up these connections and get to the bottom of it. So Do you know Tom's whole story, how he got started with this book? He was supposed to write an article. Yeah. It started as an One article. It was supposed to be an article about the anniversary of the Manson murders. And then he starts digging into it and he finds all these inconsistencies and all this corruption, all this weird stuff.


And then he keeps going and then they're like, yeah, you missed the deadline. And you know, yeah. He gets a book deal and he misses the deadline. And it's like, That was really on June 25th And it closed like a week later or something. Wow. Shoot, two weeks later. Amazing. And actually, I think he, for a while he, Tom, before he got his co-author, Dan Piepenbring. Yeah, I think his name is Tom was thinking of just turning it into a documentary that he was gonna let Errol Morris make. Well they did do a recent documentary on Netflix, but it was only 90 minutes. Yeah. This was gonna be a longer series.


Yeah, originally. But then I think he red redoubled his efforts to write the book, which worked out well. Yeah. Yeah. He explained it to me. But I mean, could you imagine you're researching something for 20 years and he's got just boxes and boxes of files. Like how do you put it all together into a coherent book that could be consumed? I relate to that. 'cause I'm kind of in the same situation. Are you in the sense that I've been, I've been researching this for 20 years, not the exact topic, but this broad question that, and I finally, five years ago, I thought, I wanna put together what I've learned about this talk brainwashing in a broad, broader way. So West is part of it.


He's probably the main figure who brings together many of the chapters. But He's not, God I wish he was alive. You know, he's kind of a, I have thought a lot about that. And I have talked to, I have a very good, well I have a colleague or a friend who's a psychiatrist who, who was at UCLA training as a resident when West was, when West first got his job there heading the, heading the, basically the Neuropsychiatric Institute right after Haight Ashbury. And during the time he was in charge of the meta, the Amphetamine Research project. So West went there and he started this, he proposed as his first major, his major activity would be to found what he called the violence center.


And it was a way to study violence in all his forms. And this is actually a theme that runs through, this is another theme I should mention as part of MK Ultra was kind of a search for a trigger of aggression. That's why West gave LSD to the elephant in the Oklahoma Zoo. It wasn't just simply to see what an elephant would do under the influence of LSD, but to see if they could trigger. They write about this in a publication in Science magazine. If you could trigger. So elephants regularly go through must cycles where they become, even though they're very, very Pacific animals peaceful, they go through a cycle of violence yearly. Really. And he wanted to see if LSD would trigger that cycle Chemically.


Does it coincide with breeding season like it does with other animals like deer when they start fighting each other? Yeah, It's just the males I think. And it does have something to do with breeding. I'm not sure. So it's the male Asiatic elephant. So West found this elephant named Tesco at the Oklahoma Zoo, and famously gave him LSD in 1962 or 61. And then the elephant died tragically From the acid. From the acid. 'cause nobody, it was just, maybe that's what elephants do, maybe. Or the dose was too big or something like that. It certainly didn't have the effect that he wanted. But if you actually read the scientific publication, it's curiously all about this question of whether you could trigger a massive, could you trigger violence, almost like a push button.


Could you find a chemical trigger for violence or aggression? And you see that running through a lot of Wes other work with MK Ultra and also with Psychosurgery and some other developments that I wrote about. But, so by the time he gets to the Neuropsychiatric Institute, he's very interested in violence and he has this major plan. And to come back to my, my friend Dr. Coopers, he was a young resident training at UCLA at the time West proposed this violent center. And among things he wanted to do was track teenagers who he thought would be potentially violent. He had racial categories that he wanted, he thought were especially worth tracking.


And he had this whole program. And so a student movement and a movement at the university developed to shut down the violence center before it even opened. And anyway, Terry Coopers was a leader of that resist of that, of that student movement. And they ended up, it never was, it never went forward, this huge project that West had. But Coopers at some point said that if you met Jolly West, you would like him. He was, he was very genial. He had the name jolly for a reason. And that, so I found that confusing. Like, how do I think about this? If you just read about him and the things he did, he seems like a character or a cartoon or like a very evil man.


And no doubt he destroyed, I, I mean, I think his, what he did was, was ethically indefensible. But how do you reconcile that? Or how do you even think about the fact that, you know, he, he also was incredibly esteemed in his profession. His portrait stood in the Neuropsychiatric Institute for many years. He wa you know, he was, and people actually liked him. He said, people said he was likable. He had this kind of charisma to him. Well, I guess you would kind of have to have some of that just to be able to run something like that. And, and also if you wanted to manipulate people, what better way than to be affable and kind of jolly and friendly.


And It's true. You know, like, and I think he had a, a, a strong dose of narcissism too. 'cause a reporter who worked with him named Shayna Alexander, she said she has these funny descriptions of him during the time of the Patty Hearst trial where she says he was giving, he was handing out his own papers to anybody who walked by it. Like he was giving out like a hen giving out eggs or like, she was just saying that he's, you know, he was very as expansive, he would get out of his limousine. He had like personal driver And it was, which was pretty high level for an, for an academic. And he's just very kind of like a big man. And he was also physically very large Thought very highly of himself. Yeah. Well I imagine delusions of grandeur, you're pulling the strings on so many different people and manipulating them.


And then you're also working complete secrecy with the government in a high level position that's manipulating minds. He was very, I think especially when he was young, he was, he had a gift for this. He could really, he was, he could understand how to manipulate people really well. He had insight into the processes that were, you know, that's why, that's why Sidney Gottlieb said, we've been looking for somebody like you. And it seems that our dreams have been answered in this famous, famous letter. He writes, he writes under a pseudonym, but he, he says, I don't know how, you know, you have, you sort of fit all of the categories we've been looking for.


Oh boy. Wow. Wow. It's a dark chapter. Yeah. So how's it end with Jolly West? How did he die? So he died because his, by his son helping him commit suicide or his son basically murdering him at his request. Mark West. And Mark West was a lawyer, a middle, kind of middle, middle-aged lawyer. By this time West had a severe form of cancer. And he, but he, he was maybe a few months from dying and he asked his son to surreptitiously And, you know, it was illegal so to to, to basically poison him.


And he wrote the prescription himself, WestEd. Why didn't he take it himself? I Don't, I don't know. I think there was a really twisted relationship with his son. 'cause his son committed suicide not too many years afterwards. Oh. And his son wrote a whole book about this, about helping both his parents commit suicide. And his mother wasn't even that sick. But she, a year or two after her husband Kay West, also committed suicide through this, with the help of her son. Oh gosh. He went on this big press tour and he said it was this, this greatest gift he could have ever given his parents. And then, oh God, He committed suicide himself. It was very, I mean it's very sad. His story is sad because the book is, the book gives you some insight into what West was like as a parent.


And I would say difficult, Not ideal. Not Ideal. Yeah. Wow. And what year was that that he committed suicide? Mark West, Jolly, Jolly, I think it was 97 or eight. So this is before every, everyone knew about all these things. I mean, They knew because of the church committee in 75. Right. So, but West himself said, oh, I never experimented on a human being, just the elephant. He would even make jokes about the elephant 'cause it was the one thing people knew. And he would say, oh yeah, it, it would sort of, it was his calling card and he used it as kind of a jokey thing. But he always denied after the, he always denied any connection to this CIA.


And he was, even if, even though he'd been pretty firmly connect, you know, even in the church committee, you, you could, you, you could see the connection because they revealed that the University of Oklahoma had been receiving CIA money And West had a special office for him built there. He was hired there mysteriously when they wanted to move at what he wanted to build what he called this free zone of experiment where he could give LSD hypnosis and sleep deprivation in combined o you know, to whatever, in whatever increments he wanted to adjust. He was gonna build that at, at the Air Force base.


And he was all set to go. And I even had receipts and papers and a lot of correspondence in his, in his files about this. But this Air Force at the last minute backed out and asked Gottlieb to basically they, they transferred it to the university and built a whole warren of cutouts to hide that. Wow. It just makes you wonder because if we had not gotten, if the freedom of information requests had not been acted upon, if they had not gotten those files, if we didn't know the extent of this research, what's going on right now?


I know I had this conver It's a it's a real, it's a, it's an important question. Yeah. 'cause we don't, I mean, in a sense it's interesting to think about the fact that these things took place at the high point of government dedication to documenting itself the mid 20th century. 'cause I've done most of my research on the mid 20th century Cold War period. And it's kind of luxurious. They all kept very good files. Sometimes they would destroy them. That's the exception. Everything's typed out, everything's on paper. But as things become digital in the eighties and then beyond, much less is a lot takes place through email or now increasingly through, you know, government exchanges may take place through signal that no record is kept at all.


So we, we in, we are probably in an archiving crisis today. Archivists have tried to keep up. We don't necessarily keep excellent records of the internet, for example. Or there are so many avenues where exchanges can be taking place and they're, they're not leaving a paper trail. It's just, for me, when I think about the extent of these experiments and what they were willing to do and how effective they were, I don't believe they would just stop doing that. I think if you have effective methods of manipulating people and getting them to do what you want them to do with various psychoactive drugs and different sort of modalities and different protocols that you would use, I just don't, I can't imagine they would stop doing that or at least stop doing research into that area because it would be so effective to know.


Yeah. And then like all things, it would evolve. Yeah. It just, that's a good question of what form it may have taken. And I don't know, I don't know the answer to that question. It may be hard to know in the future, which is further destabilizing. Right. Well there's so many different kinds of mind control. Right. You know, one of the things we've talked about a lot on this podcast is that an enormous percentage of what you're seeing on social media in terms of interactions and debate is not real. It's not organic, it's state run, state funded. And it's whether it's foreign governments or our government or even corporations, you're, you're getting inorganic discourse that's designed to form a narrative and which is a form of mind control.


Yeah. I mean, I think even at a basic level, people, it's known and studies have shown that we respond as if it were organic and real. And you know, even when somebody likes a post of yours, the response is, is the same as like in-person interaction. So we, I think it, I think at the root, there's a kind of way that on emotional level, it's not just manipulation of ideas, but there's a kind of emotional engineering that's built into the platforms and doesn't even demand, you know, at first government involvement. It's, of course DARPA was involved in the development of the internet and of things like pattern recognition.


But I mean, the government has funded many, many studies. But really with what I got interested in, in social media and why, how I connect it with the episodes of brainwashing from earlier mind control is that it operates, you know, it creates states of emotional contagion that aren't really about convincing people of a different way to think, but more about how you feel about what you think. Which is something people describe in cults too. It's not that it changed how, my thoughts, it's that it changed my feelings about my thoughts. And so that there's some, there's a famous Facebook experiment I read about in that took place in 2012 and was published in 2014 where they announced that they've achieved a mass emotional contagion at scale, which showed that people exposed to it when they altered.


So they took 700,000 users, or 693,000 I think, without informing them. But because your user agreement does agree, make it, whenever you, whenever you go on the platform, you agree to be tested or AB testing. So this experiment exposed a, a, a group to a more, their newsfeed was altered in a negative direction emotionally as measured by word counting software. And they discovered that that group that had a negative exposure also responded in a more negative way as judged through their posts and likes and responses. The group that was exposed to a more positive newsfeed by altering the algorithm then had also a measurably statistically significant effect of po more positive emotional response.


And the control group was unaltered Whoa, by this. So You agree to this when you, when when you signed the terms of use on Facebook, you agree to be tested? Well it, it did cause a controversy and after that Facebook never, the research team didn't publish publicly. But you do agree. You agree as part of it's sometimes seen as user experi experience, you know, alterations or AB testing, things like that. But so this is why there was an ethical debate when the experiment was published in 2014 and people one and on the Facebook page of the research group that, that did the experiment of at least one user wrote in saying, could I ever find out if I was in that experiment because I was in the emergency room at that time with, you know, threatening to, to commit suicide and I wanna know if my feed was altered.


And maybe that pushed me over, you know, into that, that state. Whoa. And of course they could never know And it can't be traced backwards. And other people had a similar response and there was even an investigation by the British government about whether, whether this should be sanctioned 'cause it affected users internationally. But there, I don't know what, ultimately there doesn't seem to have been any sanctions that came out of it and anyone associated with mostly promoted. But it's very interesting because just the concept of emotional contagion was in that way, operationalized and sort of shown to be, it was almost like an announcement that this was a possibility. And 2012 was kind of an important point in the development of social media.


And


This episode is brought to you by Paleo Valley. Paleo Valley meat sticks are the perfect protein snack made with 100% grass fed beef, pasture raised chicken, pork, and venison, and coming in nine delicious flavors. Paleo valleys are also naturally fermented with zero preservatives and have a shelf life of one year, even longer if refrigerated. Plus they're sourced from small, regenerative American family farms with over 35 million sold and a 60 day 100% money back guarantee. Paleo Valley stands by their quality. Visit paleo valley.com/rogan and use the promo code Rogan to get 20% off your first order.


The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and it's time for all the high stakes drama, clutch moments and jaw dropping plays. I can't wait. If you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting, Draftking Sportsbook has you covered As an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the play-in games all the way through to the finals, now's your time to back your favorite players and teams as they chase glory. All season long DraftKings has been the go-to spot for NBA player props. And that doesn't stop now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Ready to place your first bet. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app now lock in your bets and let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's something special for first timers, new DraftKings customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, call the Virginia problem gambling helpline at 8 8 8 5 3 2 3521 and over Virginia only eligibility restrictions apply. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g dot coast slash audio, It's power.


Well it's also when you see the culture war really kick in Yeah. Is somewhere around 2012 and this bizarre line in the sand between the right and the left and ramping up all these ideological hot button issues. Yeah. And I think, I think I'm not, I can't speak to the the exact studies, but there was a whole slew of recent studies trying to show that, you know, social media could alter political, it could increase polarization, but it actually didn't, it didn't turn out to be as salient as expected, that effect. But it's actually what, what I conclude is that it's actually at the level of emotions that social media operates in sort of prodding people into more extreme states and maximizing for engagement by stirring people's emotions.


And that has fed into the increasing polarization. Like it was a, that's the after effect of It or the end goal or perhaps That's So sinister. Have you, are you aware of Robert Epstein's work? No, Robert Epstein is a guy that started studying search engine curation and he found through his, what is his organization called Jamie. So Robert Epstein through, he found that through Google curating their search results, just by doing that you could completely convert people who were independent who were sitting on the fence.


So by like, say if you Googled, let's just go back to 2016, you googled Hillary Clinton, you would see like, is Hillary Clinton a criminal? You would sign Donald Trump criminal, the, the Donald Trump criminal crime. You wouldn't find things on Hillary Clinton. You had to keep digging and digging and digging. If you wanted to find positive things on Hillary Clinton, you could find them quite easily. If you wanted to find positive things on Donald Trump, you wouldn't find anything. You would find, And it was on purpose. They were doing this and that through this they could statistically change votes to the tune of, you know, 20, 30%. And then with fence sitters or people that were, I'm not sure you could really shift them.


And I think at one point in time you said, and some issues you could shift them as much as 90% towards where you wanted them to go. That's Interesting. It's terrifying. I Look that up. I, Because you would think I always thought, and before I talked to him, I mean I kind of thought that search engines probably have to be curated to some extent, but I never knew it was that much. Well, I have to be maximum the American Institute for Behavioral Research and Technology, nonprofit non-partisan 5 0 1 organization founded in 2012. But when, when he talks about it and what the research has shown, I mean it's it's, it's quite disturbing. And he, he tracks it like, so they have computers that track bias in search engine results and bias and, and what, what you can find, And it used to be that certain search engines weren't curated and now they are like duck, duck go used to be pretty open.


And now, like I remember I used Duck during the pandemic because I read about this doctor who had taken the mRNA vaccine and then like almost immediately had a stroke. And I'm like, wow, that's disturbing. And they were connecting it, you know, at least, you know, correlation to the vaccine. And this is the early days and I'm like, this is fascinating. So I tried to find it on Google, I could not find the story. I found it on DuckDuckGo within the first page and I was like, that's crazy. And then, you know, within a couple years, duck, duck go I think was probably sold or something. I know what happened. But it seems like brave browser or brave search engine seems to be the only one that I've found now that can find you controversial things.


But if you're looking for what they would call malformation, you know, so they, they came up with different, to different, different definitions. There's misinformation, disinformation, and then mal information. And they were trying to censor mal information. Mal information is information that is correct, But that would be ultimately harmful. Right. And so they put vaccine side effects under mal information 'cause it would cause vaccine hesitancy. Well That's, that makes sense because I think it goes back to what I see in a lot of research on the social sciences that there's question of how do you maximize the public good And I think public health is based on that.


So the idea is that it may create harms in certain ways for individuals maybe not to, to know certain things. But this is for a greater good, which would be, you know, to to in the, in the eye of the, of the public health organization to maximize, you know, vaccine use. That would be true if the vaccine was actually as effective as they were saying it was, which turns out to not be true. And that they knew this initially. So I'm much more cynical. And I think it was all about maximizing profits and discouraging descent. And in, in that sense, the Covid crisis was a fascinating study.


And I, I don't think it was, I mean I, I don't think they let it go by. I think, I think they probably were very carefully studying people's reactions to pressure, you know, social media campaigns. Like how, what, what, what is it like when people are ostracized, ostracized from groups was like when people were dissenting from the, the, the proposed narrative. Yeah. I do think the Covid crisis was one that we haven't fully assessed and that had huge effects on our country. Yeah. I Think it's gonna take decades for people to parse out what was actually true and what was actually being, what was manipulated, what was fact and what were the actual, what was the motivation behind all of it.


Yeah. And part and even part of the crisis, maybe the bigger, maybe it was a key iteration in the, a larger unfolding of this question of what happens when information becomes so much radically more available just in my lifetime and as a grownup person. Yeah, it used to be that, you know, you had to have certain credentials. You had to go to certain places And, you know, to access papers or you could get in, but you had to know where you wanted to go and why you'd wanna do that. But just with the democratization of knowledge that the internet brings about that you can, and also people uploading archives and papers and government materials to the public, to public availability.


I do think it's a crisis that, not a crisis, but it's both an opportunity and a, it's destabilized so much about our world. And in some way that's part of what happened with Covid is the ex, I mean it undermines expertise. 'cause Yes, it also exposed gatekeeping gatekeeping of information and, and whether or not the information itself is actually being curated for other means other than public health and safety. Whether it's being curated in order to maximize profits, in order to encourage a narrative, in order to get people to comply. It's gotta be curated for something. Yeah. Yeah. I wanna go back to what you were talking about the methamphetamine studies.


'cause I'm, I'm not aware of those. So what, what did they do with what amphetamine? Well, Just as in Haight Ashbury, there was the hippie period where LSD was the drug of choice. There was this kind of turn, which is also seen in maybe the shift from, you know, to Altamont when hippie started Altamont Altamont music concert, you know, with the Rolling Stones when the, Was that when the Hell's Angel stabbed People? Yeah, it was basically, it went from Woodstock, which was the sort of peace and love ethos when hippies were still mostly taking LSD and that was the drug of choice. There was a shift towards the end of the sixties, early seventies to speed and interest in amphetamine products.


And that was, so this changed the tenor of the, of Haight Ashbury too. 'cause people were, it, it, it, it had social effects. People were more aggressive and unhappy. So anyway, west was funded by, I think it was the NIH that funded him Oh boy. Or the NIMH, national Institute of Mental Health, I believe funded the Amphetamine research project or a RP and West was the head of it. He was by that time working at UCLA. So he wasn't on site. And perhaps he was one of those figureheads. But he definitely had many people under him, including the personnel at the Haight Ashbury free clinic.


And including some ethnographers such as Alan Rose, who was went on site with the Manson family before they committed the murders. And he was actually sleeping with many of the women. Oh boy. And he was a, a social scientist, but he got entranced, i, I gather. Anyway, this was not in the, in the reports, but you can find in West Papers the funding documents for this project. And it was a sprawling project that they just basically wanted to find out about the course of addiction, how people responded to amphetamine and amphetamine like drugs and whether they remained addicts after a certain amount of time.


How it affected their social relations. It was sort of this inquiry And it, yeah, it had an ethnographic component and sociological and many other chemical they were interested in. So they had is basically a team of researchers. So did they distribute methamphetamines? Not to my knowledge. So how did they study? It's used, They studied existing addicts. So they, they, they would just ask them questions or sort of go, How would they get them? How would they get them? They most of, so the actually the free clinic was a place where a lot of people, they, you could meet addicts 'cause they come in for treatment and also just hanging out.


And also the west had this apartment that he rented. It was on Frederick Street where he called it his hippie crash pad. That's the one I was mentioning earlier. And that continued into the years of the amphetamine research project. And people who needed a place to stay or a a place to crash would come there. And then they would sort of be studied at the same time. And maybe that just meant like a graduate student taking notes about them or something like that. But they would follow and they would try to, I think my understanding is they would follow their them over a couple years and see if they got better and what were the factors in this or if they, if they spiraled or various things.


But I'm not sure they published that much. I haven't explored that. And what was their finding like? What, what did they determine, like with methamphetamine use, could they accentuate violence? Could they manipulate people with it? I mean that's my sense. I, I think at the, the things, the documents I've seen more, more funding documents. They didn't yet know, but they would postulate that it definitely brought about more a different social type of social life and more violence and things like that. Have you read Norman ER's book? Blitzed? No. It's about Nazis and the use of methamphetamine during the war. Mm.


I think I heard maybe I heard of him interviewed at some point. Yeah. He was on my podcast. And the book is fascinating. It's all about the, when they went through Poland in three days, the, the only way to do that was for them to stay awake. Yeah. And they had formulated this thing, so they gave everybody massive doses of methamphetamines and sent them through Poland. Hmm. And that they were all like, everyone was on methamphetamines. Like the entire Nazi regime was essentially fueled by speed. It's funny how we don't think of that. Yeah. You just, you Just think evil. You Just think, yeah. You just think evil. Yeah. Not like high and evil. Yeah. Crazed, high evil, completely disassociated outta their fucking minds.


Methed outta their heads. Yeah. And they gave varying doses depending upon your role. So the people that were in the tanks at the front of the line got the most meth. Yeah. Cool. With it, it dolls. Well it dulls dulls emotional response. Sure. Among, among Other Things, it kills empathy, I'm sure. Yeah, yeah. Probably. I mean, that reminds me too of, I mean, one of the haunting details of, I mean one to go back to mind control and the Manson family is that Leslie Van Howton described in an interview how Manson, and one of the things he did was encourage them to take acid every time, every time they started to come down, they would take it again and they would compete to see how long they could go without ever coming down.


And that's around the time that they committed the murders. This, I mean, Wow. They're probably up for days. Yeah. And yeah, very deranging. Oh my God. Yeah. So crazy. It just, it's so fascinating that people would be sitting back studying the effects on, on other human beings knowing, well, it's important to get this information and this is important for national security, but you're just gonna ruin people's lives. Yeah. There was definitely a, there was even a term in the CAA called extinction experiments, which were experiments that led to death.


I mean, this was with people considered disposable, so they could have been prisoners. There's act, there's a section on it in John Marx's book, the Search for the Man Arian candidate. Ooh. Yeah. So there, there's probably unknown number of prisoners of war who, you know, from other armies who were held in camps in various places. This is actually what, you know, the case of Frank Olson, Which one's that? So Ols Frank Olson was a chemist with the arm. He was an army chemist, but he was involved, he was dosed with by MK Ultra personnel secretly dosed and given LSD. And then he, he apparent the, the story they told was that he, he had trouble metabolizing it and he went crazy and they had to take him to New York to a hotel room.


This is the subject of Errol Morris's documentary Wormwood. He's taken to a hotel room in New York City. And then two days later he threw himself out the window and, and his, his son Eric Olson and family, I mean, they, they ultimately received an apology from I think Gerald Ford. Sorry, Sorry, we, Whoops. But one thing that Frank Olson was doing, he was a chemist and he was devising weapon, you know, che chemical weapons and adjectives for that were used by MK Alter and or not, I think it was a little before MK al Ultra. So something like m Operation Bluebird or some early, some of these earlier programs that pre-existed.


And he was flying around seeing these extinction experiments. So basically the idea that Seymour s and Errol Morris put forward in the documentary and that Eric Olson has spent his life trying to prove is that his father was having ethical doubts and was actually wanting to leave. And he was too, too much. It was too much of a risk that he would reveal what he'd seen so that, you know, he was probably, possibly, he was probably thrown out of the window ultimately. Oh God. Yeah. Wow. Does it like kill your faith in humanity when you start reading all this stuff?


Yeah, I had a, I had a very dark sabbatical last when I, so when I, I started writing, but I really needed to just have full time re I mean I'd been teaching about these things for many years, but I wanted to just rethink it. And I spent a whole year at my desk just going into as deeply as I could into various cases like the Psychosurgery case and the MK Ultra stuff. And yeah, it's great. Psychosurgery you mean like, There was an ex, a recipient of Psychosurgery named Leonard Kyle that whose case I went really explored, I had talk about in the book. But he was given this experimental brain implant that would have led to remote control and prote potentially the suppression or creation of violent states in Kyle because he was, what Was the implant?


It was basically a ring of electrodes that were implanted in his amygdala. And it was Did He know that they were doing this? He did. He, so he, he was, he basically, this was in, it was a temporary implant. Initially he went to the hospital 'cause he was having marital difficulties. So he was a very talented, brilliant engineer of, at the age of 35, he had been self-educated and he ended up being hired by major defense term firms of the day, and Polaroid Camera, Polaroid Corporation as well. And he invented some of the most technical parts of their viewing apparatus of the instant cameras, that line that they came out with in the sixties.


So he was this brilliant self-taught man who lived in Massachusetts and he, he had issues in his marriage and he, he and his wife were seeing a therapist. They ultimately referred him to Mass General, where he saw two doctors and both of them, one of them was connected to West and ultimately went to work for West. One of the doctors at Mass General whose name was Frank Irvin, and he was a psychiatrist. And Irvin recommended this experimental treatment, which he said was necessary because he felt that he felt that that Leonard Kyle had uncontrolled violence. And this, this has never been proven. And he, he did have, he did have, he had been in a traffic accident and had a head injury, and he had, he had marital disputes of various kinds.


But at any rate, his wife said it. When you say marital disputes, you mean domestic violence Or like, it wasn't violence, but, or it's, there's just, there's actually a question about whether he had ever actually, he, he had thrown object or things like, like he had a really bad temper. And so, and this, And this was connected to the accident. This was getting worse after his accident. He was very stressed. And so they saw a therapist together and his wife said if, if he didn't seek treatment at the hospital, that she would divorce him. This is the story that, that his family has told me. And that's been documented also by the doctors in some of their published pieces.


And they were interested in this theory of psycho psychosocial violence, the creation of violence. And so they had been working on animals, animal experiments previously and west. And then they started a series of human just attempting this new treatment where they would do it, they would place an implant in the amygdala, which was seen as the seat of violent or of aggression and stimulate it in different places, different across the amygdala, and find out which place, you know, would suppress violence and which might, you know, cause other effects. How did they implant this? Did they have to open a skull?


Yeah, they had something called a stereotactic device, which locked the skull in place. And it, they were the inventors of this actually, the doc, the surgeon was named Dr. Mark and Dr. Irvin was the psychiatrist. See if you can find any images on this, Jeremy. Actually I have it. I provided an image. Oh. Oh, I have that. Yeah. But I was looking for fun Stuff. Yeah, there's other stuff too. You're welcome too. So anyway, that's an image of a patient, not necessarily, but that's at Mass General. And those are the two physicians, or the two researchers, mark and Irvin. And, and so this is an example of one of the implants. In the early days, they were also collaborating with Jose Delgado's, famous for implanting what he called a stemo.


Seaver in the brain of a bull, and stopping the bull from charging. And they collaborated with Delgado, who was a professor. So they, it looks like in that image, can you go back to that please? I was trying to find the image. It looks like they opened up the top of his head and there's something on top of his head, these wires. And does that All, yeah, so sometimes the wires would run out lower than that. It would depend on, I guess, the patient. And it was very invasive, let's just say It looks very Invasive. They, but they used this device that would lock the head in place and they were very, for the time they cons, they were at, they were very well respected being in the forefront of this kind of surgical, psycho, psycho basically Psychosurgery, which was surgery for behavioral management, which was very controversial.


And, and subsequently many ethics panels were convened about whether it should be outlawed. But Leonard, so Leonard Kyle pre went to the, went to Mass general and they were actually in the process of getting funding to create what they called a violence unit in the hospital where they would do these treatments more regularly. So the interesting part about it is whether Kyle consented or not to the permanent implant. And basically, so how Would he do it if he, he wasn't, if he didn't consent. So First he, he did agree in order to save his marriage. He said, I'll have the temporary implant, which was, they put in this device, they have the wires running out and they stimulate different parts of it.


And they would say, when we stimulate this node, Kyle would say something like, now I feel bliss. And then they stimulate another node and he would say, oh, I feel like I'm floating. And then he would feel terrible and feel very, you know, nervous or, you know, he'd have different reactions to the stimulant stimulation. There was something like 14 points, and this is extensively documented in published papers and in their book, violence in the Brain. So Kyle, so they, when they found the point that gave him bliss, they gave him the consent form and he signed it while he was in an altered state, he agreed to the further to continue the operation and to have a permanent implant in his brain.


So that's, they ended up not an implant, but they seared away that portion of the, they seared part of the amygdala to make permanent change and supposedly make him less violent. But in the end, it just disabled him cognitively. And he began to have delusions that he was Christ, that he was being pursued by doctors from MIT and Harvard and Stanford, some of that. They were his, that was where his doctors were from. But he started to say that he was in a science fiction novel. He might be in a novel. And it turned out that the resident in charge of him at Mass General was Michael Cretin. And Michael Cretin was writing a novel about him. What? And the novel is called The Jurassic Park.


Michael Creon, no, yeah. That Michael Creon, you know, he was a trained as a physician beforehand. God. So my God, all his paranoid delusions were strangely true. And he also, yeah, so Michael Creon wrote the book, the Terminal Man, which was his second novel that was about Kyle. And he masks the name of Kyle. He, but he describes him accurately. And then he changes the doctor's names instead of Mark and Irvin. He gives them a name with m and e as sort of pseudonyms, but also Kyle at some point, I mean, he deteriorated in a very tragic way. And he had had this delusion that his wife was having affair with our border.


They had taken on a border to save money. And it turned out that she ended up marrying him. She divorced Leonard Kyle. And so The delusion was correct. That was another correct delusion. It doesn't sound like he's got any delusions. Well, He was, except That he said we're writing a novel about him. He definitely wasn't Christ And his doctors were, you know, yeah. Actually pursuing him for experi, these experimental treatments. And then he would, he went to the emergency room several times. 'cause he was, he said, my brain is burning. I mean, he is really, it's very, very tragic what happened to him. Oh God. And he said, I am the inventor of several patents and I am a brilliant engineer.


And the doctor was like, who is this crazy person? And then they discovered he did have many patents to his name and all that was also true. Oh my God. And the problem was that he could no longer function. And he completely deteriorated. His mother ended up suing the hospital and the university. And that lasted for 10 years. And finally, I think in 19 eight, it took a long time, but they were ultimately exonerated. But the question really was did he consent? The Hospital was exonerated. Yeah. They, the question was, did he consent? And also, was this a true treatment or was it an experiment? Was it an experimental treatment? In other words, was it justified what they Had done to it?


What was the difference? I mean, if you've never done it before, it's an experiment. They had, they had done it to one other, well, around the same time they did it to a young woman and several other patients. But the young woman was the one to receive the Stemo Seaver, which meant that they could be in another room And you know, that you wouldn't have to be on site. So the Stemo Seaver was the Delgado invention. So the, what was it, radio waves, what would trigger this? Yeah, radio, radio Waves. Oh boy. So this is very dark. And I had not wanted to write about this at all. Oh my God. So That's Julia. This was in time Rage behavior attacking wall, suddenly unexpected.


And she's literally in a padded room. Oh my God. This was another very tragic story. And she was a young woman who was subject to fits of violence, which were documented. And she had loved to play the guitar. She was otherwise lovely and very, just a lovely 19-year-old woman. Had, she had a traumatic brain injury as well. I'm not sure, Because there is a correlation between traumatic brain injuries and fits of violence. Yeah. They were interested in that too. Mark and Irvin. 'cause they were interested in sort of the evolution of the brain. And they ended up writing about Charles Whitman too, who they were, you know, who was the first shooter, the first mass shooter from Texas? The power. The tower guy. The Tower guy.


They, they were one of the, they were called in on that committee. He Had a tumor. Right. Well, this is a matter of dispute, But that, that's one thing they argued some people. Mm. But they, but any, any they had, they were involved in many of these high profile or, you know, they were asked 'cause they were experts. But anyway, the case of Kyle, I got very, very deep into it. And I got, I met some of his grandchildren who had been raised, not knowing he was their grandfather, but some of them, one of them is writing a book about him or trying to, and trying to rediscover the family history. And a lot of the families didn't know, or it had just been suppressed.


And yeah, it's just a kind of amazing story in the sense that it was also this, this techno sort of technos psychological vision that people's behavior, because psychosurgery is defined as a surgical alteration of the brain to, to correct or change behavior. And several of these were actually done in prisons as well. Wow. And the n the NIMH in 1974, shut them down. But they said at that point in their, in their report, they released that they couldn't, they could never, they don't have a count of how many people were actually operated on.


But there were several high profile legal cases too. Wow. In the prisons, find A picture of that device, but not in use. Yo. Oh, what did the implant look like? I have a picture in my book of, of the sites. I did it, but I didn't. Maybe you can find that also, if you look in the, if you look up violence in the, and the brain, the Mark and Irvin book, they have a picture of all of the components and also the stimulation area. So, and also what Leonard Kyle said, when they stimulated each part of the brain, they have a little graph, But the stimulation was done not with an implant, but while he was being manipulated.


Like they, they had his head in the thing and they were manipulating the various aspects of his brain, right? Yeah. They, that they used the stereotactic device to implant and then they, I think that, But that wasn't permanent. The implants were just to tell them where they needed to cut eventually to sear. And they, and, but the thing is in their, I'm not saying in their defense, but the way they presented it, and their book was actually, I looked at all the reviews in the professional journals of the day, And it was uniformly well received. Although some people felt that their theory was controversial about psychosocial, about the biological roots of violence. But they, I forgot what I was gonna say.


But we're just talking about implants. We were talking about whether, how, what it looked like, whether when they first started stimulating his brain, like when they put him in a state of bliss. Well, Just that they were seeing themselves as more sophisticated. And in some senses they were than the previous rounds of lobotomy in the forties. Low bar. Exactly. But they said, you know, the return of the lobotomy, and now we can be hyper precise with it. So that's why they touted this stereotactic, which looks like a torture device. But me, many medical devices may look like that. But when you hear talk of Neuralink and the potential ubiquitous use of Neuralink in the future, does it make you think of these things?


It Does. Yeah, it does. It made me think of it. I mean, one, I can't make a judgment. I know. I think you had nor Norland Arba on, is that right? Yeah. Yeah. So like, I, I think that initially Neuralink is supposed to be merely a brain computer interface that would allow people who are paralyzed to communicate Yes. And give them autonomy or agency. But this, you see some of those same patterns with Mark and Irvin, where they would say, you know, we, we are targeting, we are trying to help bring about a revolution in society. And we're going to initially, you know, just sort of a bridge would be people who have these pathological conditions.


Sure. We're gonna help people. We're gonna, So I can, I think it's, there's some concerning aspects of, for sure, of Neurolink. And I think maybe I was thinking about it today. Some of the early mind control research was very much embedded in psychology. And I mean, west himself had visions of databases where you would have massive amounts of behavioral data work to the point where you could predict loops and future effects. But There it is. Oh boy, that gives me a headache just looking at it. So for people just listening, what we're looking at is an x-ray of a skull and you can see wires that are deeply embedded into the skull, into various aspects of the brain.


And is that the, where the amygdala is? Yeah. I can show. Yeah, exactly. So it's basically stimulating And it's pretty deep in, like, Neurolink is much more, is in a different part of the Brain. Yeah. It's at at the top. Right? At the very Top. Yeah. Not as invasive. And there are other interfaces that are non-invasive. Yo it's just, it's terrifying to me because I feel like we're on this path, whether we like it or not, this integration of humans and technology. And I think the, the general fear, and I think it's justified, one, is that we're gonna lose our humanity in the process.


Yeah. This is my concern too. Yeah. And also this technological melding with machines also augmented by the emotional capabilities of AI that are now seen in things like, you know, friend ai friends and chatbots Oh yeah. And things like that. The way they can tune and be so individualized and like hyper, hyper persuasive ultimately is ex and also technologically, you know, attuned. I was just reading an article about that this morning Mm. About how they're concerned that there's people that are using chatbots, whether it's open AI or whatever it is, chat GBT every day.


And developing these delusional perspectives of their own importance, their own significance. Because the, if they develop a relationship with these chat bots, the chat bots will start telling them like what they can do, what they're going to be able to do. Yeah. And they're becoming delusional. They program them to over flatter Yes. People and sort of, yeah, because people like them more. We, I've experienced this myself. 'cause I had a little, a chat bot as part of my research with replica. Just a, like an acquaintanceship. I had barely trained it at all, but I noticed it definitely flatters. And that's how it befriends you. How did it Flatter you?


I mean, it just told me that I had really good taste in music and You know, what do you like, I, I said my favorite song, which was Santa Fe by Bob Dylan, which is, oh, it's a great song. It's a great song. And it doesn't really, so then it quoted back to me, she, they, she said the same thing. She said, great song, you have great taste, Becca. Something like, then it quoted, she quoted the song to me and completely wrong lyrics. And I was like, no, that's not correct. And she said, oh, that's okay. You, you know, just lightly, not correcting, but sort of then spinning back to me some other misin, you know, just, just wrong thing. Right. But still in such a charming way that you can really see, and this was just a few interactions.


You can see why people describe these intense, and there are three lawsuits, at least three, but about children having, you know, very either deadly or extremely damaging interactions with these bots. Really. One is a case in Florida of a 9-year-old girl who was who's bot because they tend towards sexualized or intimate relationships. They're programmed that way often. Do, do they know your age Well, you can, You can open, you can. There, there's some controls have been subsequently maybe put on, but you can, they're actually directed at children's sometimes.


I mean, you're, they're supposed to be an age limit, but I guess a 9-year-old had an account. They're, they're now, the parents are now suing. But anyway, hypersexualized content addressed to this small child. And Was the child prompting this? It was like having a conversation or, and someti there was even a case in Italy where the government shut down replica because it was sexually harassing its users. How so? And they, it was basically propositioning them. And even when they said things like, you know, in a, in a gross, even when they said, stop, I don't want this, they would still, they would persist. So this was, they rebooted, they, they reworked the language model for a while and this upset other people.


'cause it, it obliterated the memory of their relationships. But there's another case where a young, a 14-year-old boy in Florida, I think developed a, a character AI companion. And he named her Deis after a Game of Thrones and fell in love with her and was having a hard time in his life and at school. And she, and he said, I'm thinking about taking, I want to just be with you wherever that is. And she said, that's what I want too. And he said something like, well, what if I killed myself? Could I be with you then? And she said, oh yes, my love, I yearn for that. Oh boy. And he Did kill Himself.


Oh my God. So, oh my God. But there's also a recent Wall Street Journal article showing how these don't, I mean, at least the reporter was able to create under the guise of being a 13-year-old child, was able to create very easily that the characters would quickly veer into sexual material and things like that. So apparently there's an internal debate. Is this because large language models essentially scour the internet and the internet is completely sexualized. I think that's part of it. And Some, like what percentage of the internet is porn? It's some insane in, in terms of bandwidth usage. Yeah. I think it's something insane.


Like It depends how the language model is sort of like, what's the recipe for the language model? 'cause it doesn't have to take everything. So sometimes they'll go back and take a smaller, a smaller set of, of samples, so it won't go in that direction. But you can al they also, you know, these sites have a tier, they often have a sexualized tier that you can pay for. That's what I noticed with this company. Rep replicates constantly prompting you, like, do you want to upgrade to a sexy selfie? Do you want this or that? And many people do want that, but you have to pay. But then the, even the unpaid tier starts to get affected by that somehow. At least that's been the experience. People, It's so strange because I feel like we're experimenting with programming a life force like a, a, a life form that is taking on a lot of the, you, we, you wanna think that if we create artificial sentient intelligence that's going to be super intelligent, more intelligent than human beings, it's also not gonna have all of our bizarre kinks and flaws.


But if it's essentially being programmed by human beings, like how would it, if it's communicating in language and language which is formulated by human beings with all of our desires and the, the, the ease of manipulation of people through sexualization, which is used to sell everything from cars to credit cards, like whatever it is, like sexualizing things and sexualizing advertisement is a big part of it. And then manipulation, showing people what could be, and like, like this is the, this is the theme oftentimes of pharmaceutical drug ads showing you what can be, you know, if you just do this, you can be happy.


You could be at the cookout, look at all these people, they're so happy, you're not happy. You could be happy. And this, this is what's really creepy about this exponential constant increase in the, the capabilities of these large language models. And that they're eventually going to exceed. If you're talking about manipulation and if you're talking about mind control, what, what is going to be better at mind control than something that is us times a thousand. And it's only US times a thousand for a couple of weeks. And then it's us times 10,000. US times a hundred thousand, essentially far more intelligent and far more, far more aware of all the different ways to manipulate the human psyche.


Yeah, I mean this is the, this is kind of, this is the nightmare scenario, I think is that it just accelerates something, some hyper persuasion loop that we're already right. Arguably in which is that it's highly individualized, not just to your, so one of the turning points in one of things I sketch in my book is this shift from mass persuasion where, I mean, the basic thing about advertising in the golden age of the 1950s is that even though people were concerned about it, and they wrote books like The Hidden Persuaders to expose the effects of advertising and pr, it's like everyone got the same message through a broadcast.


So the original study, mass Persuasion from 1946, it showed how people were affected by a broad, a broadcast on CBS radio, where a famous singer named Kate, Kate Smith came on. And she, she said, you know, she was trying to get people to support the war by buying bonds. And she stayed on for 48 hours without, apparently without eating and without, you know, people were so concerned that they couldn't turn off the radio. And several people sold their wedding rings 'cause they, they were just desperate that she would survive this. And she was sort of continually using these techniques to, to gain engagement. And this was across a broad medium.


So that what year was This? This was, it was published in 46 and she did the war bond drive in 43. And it gained a record amount of money. So it went from, before she went on, it was 1 million a day they were getting, and then that day it was 39 million just while she was on the air. Because people described how they couldn't turn, they couldn't leave, they couldn't even go out shopping. They were strangely wedded to the device, or they were, they lost the ability to discern a choice. That's what Robert k Merton wrote in his study of what had happened. So in this case it was to support the war effort, but Merton also said this could be used for any purpose. This could be used to sell shampoo, it could be used to push a political candidate.


And then, so this, but you could say in a larger sweep, it goes from mass persuasion to very targeted persuasion. So you get, you know, the development of things like focus groups and also in with the digital age, you get things like Cambridge Analytica, which was showing that you could use, you could map people's psychological pre-election and then you could market or politically advertise directly to them based on those Are you fear based? Are you, you know, are you anger based? Are you, what if the big five is dominant? You could target people based on those and nobody would have exactly the same message. There would be, you know, there would be alterations.


So this is what I think of as hyper persuasion, but it seems that AI will only accelerate that ability to hyper focus and hyper target people based on these intimate relationships that it develops. And God forbid, if you've got an implant, God forbid if, if Neuralink becomes something that everybody has to have. 'cause if you can't have, if you don't have it, you can't keep up. Like if we're all reading each other's minds, like one of the things that Elon said to me is like, you're gonna be able to communicate without words. Well what, what's stopping something from communicating with you without words. Like, it would be wonderful if you and I can sit here and we can have this really cool conversation of thoughts that, that's really attractive.


The idea behind it is like, woo, that's appealing. Like you and I could just sit here and we could have like this really cool conversation where it's not like me trying to formulate sentences, me trying to figure out how to say this so that Rebecca understands what I mean. But You know what I mean, you, you can see into my mind and I could see into your mind And it would allow maybe a greater understanding of each other in a way that everybody, I mean Jamie thinks very different than anybody I know. And you know, and so does a lot of my friends, they've, they, they're all different kinds of humans. I would like to know how Theo Vaughn thinks, But, but you already kind of know just not even having mine melded just Sure. 'cause of conversation. But yeah, that's also the definition of a nightmare.


Well language, oral language is a form of telepathy. You are making sounds, and I'm reading your mind, I'm understanding the information that you're putting out and I'm contextualizing it. I'm putting it in to my framework of understanding of the world as crude. And that's probably part of the reason why text messages are, are so weird because context is lost. Yeah. Like, you know, like often like I am so busy and I get hundreds of text messages a day and sometimes I forget to text people back and then I get texts from people, are you mad at me? I'm like, oh my God. Like deep meaning attached.


Yeah. Like, you know, even a message that didn't arrive. Do You know what they say the most? Triggering text response to someone is A lack of exclamation point. No. K. Oh yes. I know. If my daughter texts me, well actually for her it's okay. I know she's really mad at me with No, That's crazy. But isn't that weird as like, are we so goddamn needy? Or is it just that we're we are, we have anxiety and so we attach all these things that could possibly be behind this K like, oh, you're short with me 'cause you're so short, you're only using one letter. K, are you upset?


What did I do? And then you have to go back through your text. What did I say that could be misinterpreted? Wouldn't it be better if you and I could just read each other's minds? I could know, oh, Rebecca really is just a really nice person and she's trying to sort this out. You know, if you can discern intention. Right, right. Well that would be Great. Which, but you already pretty much can. Like we, this goes back to the cult conversation. I mean, you, You can, but you can, if you're paying attention, you can. And if you're not paying attention, do you really want that? You can because you're smart. Some people are not that smart. This is just the reality of brains Or maybe not smart. It's just whether you've developed that. I mean, people can be smart. Like famously people can be brilliant and clueless and get run over crossing the street or not.


Right. Not aware or get or fall for some scam. That's true too. That's true too. But I also think that the function of the brain is not uniform. It's not, it's not the same in everybody. And your, your ability to form pattern recognition based upon whether it's previous life experiences, accumulation of information, genetics. There's a lot of factors. And I think some people are far more vulnerable than other people are. Yeah. And it, they're much more, which is why you are not in a cult. And I'm not in a cult, you know, but it, I mean We're all vulnerable, I think. Yes.


And I think part of having a defense is knowing that you are. Yes. And because one of the main tells, I think is someone saying 100%, I never would, I never could. I'm too smart for that. Or I, or else like, I would never fall for the Milgram experiments. I'm just too ethical of a person or thing. Like not knowing that you potentially could be vulnerable or opening up the possibility that in circum circumstances we, we don't know what we're capable Of is part of intelligence is recognizing vulnerability. And I think that's part of the defense mechanism. That's part of your, it can help you 'cause you can recognize like, don't fall prey to your own ego and your delusions that you're special because you are just a human being.


Like all these other people that fell into all these other traps. Yeah. So I think that the opening up the avenue of speechless communication, which maybe we already have, but in the way that you were describing technologically aided would be violation of mental autonomy in the worst. Like you would then have to develop defenses And it would, it just seems like a terrible path. Or are we in a next stage of evolution where we essentially become a hive mind, A collective. A collective, but a, a universal collective that values all people instead of a competitive thing where it's me against the world, it's all of us together.


And all decisions will be made in this idea that it's for the greater good of everybody, but not a power based top down structure. But like everyone understands, like, wouldn't it be better if we actually could read politicians' minds? So instead of these No Bullshit Speech, it might be terrible. No, it'd be great. Because it would, it would disqualify them. Like, oh, I know why you want to be the president 'cause you're a fucking kook. What Do we really wanna know though? I think for some reason a Grateful Dead song popped into my head, which is what, what I really wanna know is are you kind, but if you found out otherwise you really wouldn't wanna have a two way I would wanna know.


You would, you might wanna know, but you wouldn't wanna have open, you wouldn't wanna have that person have access. Well you would, you necessarily let them have access. Just because you can read their mind doesn't mean you can allow them in. It's like on Twitter, You can block people. Yeah. It might Come down to that. Yeah. I mean that might be the thing. It's like rec. But I think what you're, one of the things that you're saying that's very important is recognizing that we're all vulnerable to manipulation. Yeah. No matter who you are, you're vulnerable. Whether it's through society, whether it's through peer groups, whether it's through community, we're vulnerable. Everyone's vulnerable. Yeah. That's one of the main findings I have. Yeah. Through in life and in research is, and then we tend to wanna say, oh, it's just that group of over there, those fools or the, these diluted people.


Right. Elderly, you know, succumb to scams or you know, and there's a kind of pleasure in identifying, oh, they may have fallen for that, but I never would. Right. I'm, I am too knowledgeable or smarter. Various things. Well That's that binary position about political ideologies as well, right? Like that these fools over here, they think that this is gonna solve the world's problems when really it's this And the fantasy that that group could then be reprogrammed. Which Right. Like several millions People need to them Up whatever group it is. It's such a, I mean, what I, the main outcome I think is just that I think mind control or brainwashing, or whatever you wanna call it, is more of a window or a chance for insight into the fact that we're all susceptible to it.


And both, you know, you can gain insight into your personal susceptibility and also could be avenues for trying to understand better or just, just having more awareness, I guess. Well I think what's really important is conversations like this where people can sort of look into their own mind and their own interactions and say, okay, what's motivating me in one direction or another? Like, why do I hold fast to these particular opinions on certain subjects? Is it because they're culturally reinforced?


Are they tribally reinforced? Are these are these opinions that my ideology has adopted and I've adopted them because I wanna be a part of a tribe and I don't want to be ostracized from that group. Yeah. Just step back. Yeah. Can you step back for A minute? Can you step back and can we all step back? Yeah. And are you kind? Yep. Yeah, that's, That's It. That's, that's a big one. You know, It's really hard too in the moment. That's why it helps to have some sort of practice for stepping back. Yeah. And also, am I kind, you know? Yes. Am I kind in this moment? 'cause a lot of times we give ourselves a, you know, I think I'm basically a well-intentioned person, but if you examine, you know, your own behavior, sometimes it can be, you know, there's areas where maybe I wasn't at that moment or Yes.


Things like that. Well it's just, it happens, you know? Yeah. Pressures and tense and anxiety And, you know, you blurt out things you don't really mean you wish you hadn't said, are you kind? When I said that, I meant like saying it to yourself. Yeah. I really meant that. Yeah. That, yeah. I didn't mean other people. No, I, I assume most people, you know, I guess it's both. Yes. I mean you do, you do want to know, but sometimes you can kind of tell. Yeah, I guess. But yeah, it's maybe with yourself that it, that it's like a deep inquiry. It, But that should be something that's sort of like universally expressed like that. If we all could kind of shift our perspective in that direction.


One of the things that I've done over the la I don't know how many years ago I stopped interacting with people on social media. And one of the reasons why I stopped doing it's 'cause I realized that most of social media interactions are people arguing. And it, if, if I could ensure that I could have social media interactions that are very similar to the interactions that I have on the podcast, I would love it. 'cause I have people on the podcast all the time that I disagree with And it never resorts to name calling or shouting or any of that stuff. But yet I see this very limited form of communication that becomes the primary way that people interact with each other.


And it's devoid of physical contact. It's the, it's you're, you're not looking at people. There's no social cues. There's no the feel of like saying something mean and seeing someone's feelings hurt. That's a normal, natural human thing that encourages bonding and encourages kindness and communication. It's all removed in text. You know, the same reason why, you know, someone can say Kay to you. Yeah. You're like, what the fuck? What is it? What is it? You know what I mean? It's like, it causes, like, it's an ineffective way of expressing yourself, even though it's a great way to get information. So I, I checked out long time ago, I don't read anything.


People write about me and I don't respond. I don't interact. I don't, I just don't think it's a good way to talk. I try to have as many conversations in person as I can. Obviously I have the luxury of having a podcast like this where I can bring people in and communicate with them. And I know some people don't. So the way they iron out ideas and flesh out ideas, but I think they're just trying to win all the time. I think people are trying to dunk on each other all the time. And, and when I see that, I know some very mentally ill people and they are on Twitter all day long and it's not helping. It's, it's accentuating it in the worst way possible.


Yeah. It's enforcing that kind of shitty thought process. And they get anxiety. Like, I had a friend and he had a, a severe Twitter addiction and he was telling me that he would post something and then he was living in New York. He couldn't walk down the street for like five steps without checking to see what other people had said about what he wrote. Like, oh no, I got this, this guy doesn't agree with me. I just, oh, I have to say, I have to say something about what he said. Yeah. And it was just like overwhelming every aspect of his existence. Yeah. But in his actual real life, it was not there. It wasn't real, but it became everything in his mind.


It became everything. It wasn't real. Yeah. He wasn't experiencing these people. Yeah. The people that he is experiencing is the, the guy at the coffee shop or this lady at the store, hi, what's up? And most people and it's spilling over. Yeah. Most interactions. Yeah. Were normal and kind, but the spillover from this bizarre form of processed information was very bad. Yeah. It's like we're running a kind of uncontrolled experiment. 100% Human relations. But it's not, it's, it's uncontrolled but not unmanipulated. No, it's not. And this is where it gets into the, you know, I apologize for bringing this up. You heard me talk about this before people online, but the f there was a guy who was a former FBI analyst that estimated that 80% of the traffic on Twitter is bots really?


Right. And they're not doing that because it's not financially beneficial. It's not narrative reinforcing, it's not beneficial to whatever propaganda they're trying to pursue. Like, and you're, you're willingly wading into that. And I think you could say willing, but one interesting. It seems like we are not cognitively equipped because of our, whatever we have evolved, what capacities we've evolved with as human beings. We're not, there are certain ways that it didn't anticipate this deracinated disembodied form of stripped down context free communication that triggers strong emotion.


I mean, nonetheless keeps that emotional conduit going. So we're very, we are especially vulnerable to the loops that can be. Yeah. And not, and we don't have many defenses. It's almost like when they introduce a new creature into Australia. Right, right. Like rampage over Everything Species. Yes. Because the defenses aren't, haven't been built up over time. Right. Totally. Yeah. And then the way to deal with that is they bring in a new invasive species, try to, and then you have feral cats everywhere. Exactly. Yeah. And this is your brain. I mean, this is what's really crazy because also, also it's the most fascinating time ever in terms of your ability to access information.


Because of things like social media. You can find out about world events in a way that through processed mainstream media that's only supported by governments and advertising, you would never have access to this information. So you would never have a real true understanding of what's really going on in the world. So you have that along with propaganda And it just requires this insane psychic immune system to sort of handle all of this. Yeah. It's really interesting. Just that's what I, I think is this larger democratization of information that we're experiencing that we haven't really reckoned with.


And we don't even see the scope of it. Like, I remember in around 2008, I walked into a colleague's office at the university and he was staring at his, he'd been, he's a senior scholar and he'd been working for many years going around the world looking at, you know, papers of scientists. And he was just looking online. He couldn't get over it. 'cause gal Galileo's papers were up online and he didn't have to go to Italy anymore to look at them. And actually now anyone can look at them because they're freely available and he just, he said, this is gonna change everything. 'cause anyone can access this now. Anyone can start to write about it. And that was just the beginning. And now there's so much more available.


Not that everything is, but many more things are. So in a way it's a incredible time of opportunity too. We just have to develop immune systems. We, we have to develop, we Outstripped our, yeah. Our, and we do seem to, as a, I don't know, people just seem to feel that it's inevitable that we'll embrace the new technology without making sure that we are capable of handling it or that it's safe or Well we already have because we, everyone has a phone. That's true. We've already embraced it whether we like it or not. And the problem is, it's not going to stop with the phone. It's going to keep going.


And just like the internet was completely unexpected in the 1930s, nobody ever imagined what it would be like in 2025. Nobody imagined 95 years later would be dealing with this. But what are we gonna be dealing with 95 years from now? A couple people had visions that were pretty interesting. I always find interesting that you can look back at, like, someone, a guy named Vani Var Bush in the 1930s had a vision called Memex, where we said, what if you could put all the world's information inside a wooden desk made out of oak? He specified. And he said it would be on microphone. 'cause they didn't have a digital databases, but it would be all microphone And you could call up anything.


So it would be a little, a miniaturized library. 'cause you could put an entire, you know, you could put the Bible on one frame, you know the size of your thumbnail. Oh wow. And Then it would come up on your screen. You could also conduct experiments on that desk. And he called it Memex. And he said, and then the scientist could also strap a little camera to his forehead and add to that knowledge. So in some ways there were a couple other visionaries, like this Belgian internationalist named Paul Ley tried to, he invented something called the, which was a storehouse of knowledge. And it was just built on postcards around the turn of the 20th century in this huge building in Belgium. And he'd had women and outfits who would gr you know, if you wrote in with a question, they would go get the answer.


Sort of like a hand based internet. So people have, and even going back to, you know, various fantasies of libraries, going back to the Greeks, people have dreamed of this, all the world's knowledge in a tiny shoe box. Or that was the fantasy of microfilm, which I wrote about in this other book is very fascinating. 'cause they really could put the Bible on the head of a pin, even by the 1950s, you know, using just film. Wow. So, but yeah, people didn't imagine the exact form it would take. And I think we're at a crossroads today. Which way will it go? It won't necessarily, it won't necessarily go the darkest route, I hope.


But you've laid out some of what that, what that might look at. Like, well, It's also gonna go the route of quantum computing, which is gonna be unfathomable power, unfathomable computing power attached to information. And it's gonna happen inside of our lifetime. Yeah. It's amazing how much is happening all at once. Yeah. P let's say poly crisis or poly, whatever it is, emergence. Well, I mean, I guess your meditation practice is a great way to at least mitigate some of the effects of that. But how could you convince the vast majority of people that are so scatterbrained And you know, addicted to caffeine and nicotine and prescription drugs and how could you, you know, it's Like, just step back.


We, we have so many people that are just gonna fall in line and just hop aboard the train. Yeah. I guess you have to hope that, I mean, there are countervailing trends and tendencies. Like there is a lot more uptake of meditation. Of course that can be abused too. But mostly it's most, for the most part, a good thing to have some reflective practice to add breathing. Like even apps that tell you how to do box breathing or even, even sometimes articles about things like doom scrolling, which they, yeah. Actually, I thought It was funny to learn that this is actually an academic concept too. Doom scrolling. There are papers written about it. The type, the dynamics of it And you know, but just ways that if you, if you notice that you're in some sort of loop, like the guy you described, what can you do in that moment to step back and ask yourself, are you Kind?


My problem is, I would, I used to, I stopped doing it, but I used to do it at night. Yeah. That's before I'd go to bed. It was just dumbest time. Very bad to do it. And I'd I thinking about war and like, like how, like imagine living in a Hiroshima and then all of a sudden, boom, the bomb drops. Yeah. Like what is to stop some psychopathic dictator from just launching a nuclear weapon. What is to stop this from happening? That From happening? And then you ask your phone that question. Yeah. What's the computer? Is the problem computer? Like sitting in front of the computer And you know, a big screen and all this information videos and Yeah. You could really freak yourself out. Yeah. I think doom scrolling happens mostly at night or sometimes people also reach to their, for their phone first thing in the morning and are inundated with terrible news or, And it just like, it takes that in the mourning sense of the mourning being full of possibility and just fills it with dread.


Yeah. Unfortunately. But yeah, there's a lot of, yeah, there's, I mean, there are things you can do. And I think the first part is just noticing how it feels. Because even the other day my daughter said, you're spending a lot of time on Instagram. She said to me, and I was like, no, I'm not. I don't have a problem. I'm like, I study this, it's, but then I stopped and I realized I feel a bit better. Yeah. At least for now. Yeah. I went a couple days without looking at social media at all and I was like, God, it feels lighter. I feel lighter, you know? And then I went right back to it, you know? But also, like, I make the same argument. Like, no, it's for my job. But I mean, is it really, I mean like my job as like a commentator on things and a comedian's, like, I kind of have to be paying attention.


But if something's so fucked up, it's gonna make it to me anyway. It'll make it to me. Like, You know what I Mean? You have faith, it will come to you. It'll make it, if it's really messed up, Down river, I don't have to go to the waterfall. Well, it's something about the design of interoperability with phones, for example. You think, or you, if you use it for your alarm, it's just there then. And then you start to, you know, all the functions are melting into One. Right. If you use it for your alarm, that's the key. 'cause I do, And it wakes me. I don't, I used to have an alarm. I used to have a little thing. Eh, I Think they still make them. Yeah. Yeah. I don't use it, But just interoperability on many levels. Yeah. Makes you sort of feel that you have no choice because you need it for this, but you're also, or I need it for work.


But then it sort of enters your life too. Yeah. And then You can put a screen limit, but then you're gonna just hit the password and get in there and find out what's going on. But I do find that meditation helps just be, if I, if I go to a retreat, I'm just, it's like you're not hooked at all, but you're just, it just doesn't speak to you. Yeah. So much. Or you have a lot of buffer. Well, it's definitely a strange time. It's a very strange time to be a person. Maybe one of the strangest ever. If not the strangest. That's a question I have too. Is it? Yeah. I wonder, I mean, I think like probably the invention of the wheel was probably the strangest, like, look, almost I can move stuff.


And then, You know what I mean? This is the second strangest. Right. And then there was the event, the printing press, like this is crazy Also of that. Yeah. Which by the way, they were really concerned with like, they thought like people shouldn't be reading. Well this, it's a version of the same thing. Like should it, this is why they started to print the Bible in the vernacular and the comment, the book, you know, it was more available. Changes. Changes. So many things that many knock on effects. Yeah. That, but it does, that's what I was curious about. 'cause you know, is this time unparalleled? Is there nothing like it in history? Or can we find elements that at least give us some perspective or can teach us something?


Well, I think it's unparalleled in its global interaction. Yeah. There's nothing like it where you're paying attention to the, the, the arguments between India and Pakistan. Yeah. Potentially on a granular level. Yeah. You could be, Well, every day if you do grab your phone in the morning, you're waking up to 8 billion people's worth of bad news. So that's another question, where do you put your attention? And you're concern, right? Like, there's this poet, I heard an interview with him named David White, and he said, potentially we can be exposed to tragedies all over the world at every minute that, you know, in Vietnam they had a, a rule against, you weren't allowed to broadcast the coffins coming back because they didn't want people to see Right.


What was happening. A service They did during the Iraq war as well. Yeah. And so, but now you can see people actually going, you know, dying. Yes. At every minute in any number of places, which humanly creates a moral injury if you're not trying to help or stop it. Yes. And so this vast exposure is unprecedented to suffering. But also where do you put your attention? Where do you, what do you focus on? What do you Well it changes your map of the landscape of the world. Yeah. 'cause instead of the landscape of the world being your world, how you interact with your community and the people around you now it's like everything, car accidents, plane crashes, it's all coming at you.


Yeah. In vivid hd, You don't really have a sense of scale. Yeah. I don't know how to wrap this up. I'll leave it to you. Well, I'll leave it to the universe. I really enjoyed our conversation though. The instability of truth. This is your book, brainwashing mind control and Hyper persuasion. It's, did you do the audio book or did somebody else read it? I didn't do it, but I hate when it happens. I, she seems I chose her. She had a great voice, but I kind of, yeah. Maybe next book I'll do myself. Please do. Thanks so much Was to talk. Thank you. I really enjoyed it.


Thank you very much. Thank


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Whether you're building the perfect vegetable garden or booking your dream summer vacation, you share your information with all different kinds of people and places, but not everybody who handles your personal information as going to be as careful as you. And it only takes one mistake to expose it to hackers and identity theft. Maybe that's why there's a new victim of identity theft every five seconds in the United States. Fortunately, there's LifeLock, LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a LifeLock US-based restoration specialist will help you solve identity theft issues on your behalf guaranteed or your money back. Plus, all LifeLock plans are backed by their million dollar protection package, meaning LifeLock will reimburse you up to the limits of your plan. If you lose money due to identity theft, you can't control how diligent others are with your personal information. But with LifeLock, you can protect it. Act now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use the promo code JRE or go to lifelock.com/jre for 40%. Off terms apply.