
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night All Day. Knuckle Sandwich is a sandwich shop in Austin. I heard about it Today. It's legit. My pilot, My pilot calls me and says, you know, someone's got your brand out there. I'm like, what's it called? He goes, knuckle sandwich. I'm like, go figure. Well, but I hear it's in All it's good stuff. Yeah, it's real good. Some Michel Star here. What's that? We smoke here. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Everything goes in here. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Whatever you wanna do so that Don't shoot heroin on camera. I think we're gonna be able to pass that.


So, what's happening man? How are you? Well, Here we go. I got one. Thanks. I really appreciate the invite. My pleasure. This is, this is a long time coming. I've been waiting for this. Yeah. And Oh yeah, I mean, especially all the influence you've had and things you've done. And I know the funny side of you, I know the UFC side of you, but watching the podcast and seeing all the characters, and I was just watching the Bill Murray interview the other day and I just look at it and I go, man, to hear those stories, talking about Hunter and just all that and all the nes, I mean, it's just, it's pretty you.


You gotta have your mind blown by now. Yeah. My mind's been blown out. It's kind of overblown at this point. It's huge. Yeah. I mean, I think about what you did with Trump and all that influence that you made and you, you call it straight up the line, you wanna come on the show, you wanna do this, let's do it. And took the time to do it. I think it was a huge impact. I think that we look at all the people that you've given a chance, you've given them a platform. And I think that's really, it's fair of you. And the way you interview, the way I see it from, you know, doing a few interviews, you let people talk, you let them speak their piece, you continue to help them through not getting stuck on one thing. You navigate 'em pretty well.


And it's really, I mean, it's from a guy that's, you know, in the business, not to this level, but guy to the business. It's, it's respectful man. Thank you. Thank you very much. What is Knuckle Sandwich based now? You even have a, your chain is a knuckle sandwich chain. What is It's all, it's all has history. Just kinda like, as I toured the museum today, chef's Hat with a, a skull started With that tattoo. It's one of the first tattoos I ever had. Culinary gangster. So my buddy Joe Leonard Monkey Wrench Tattoo, great friend of mine, did my first tattoo. And he made that, he says, I have this drawing for you. I wanna show this to you. And that's pretty, you know, skull chap, I lemme check it out.


So I don't put a tattoo on until he draws it on first. I have to have it on for a while. Like I have to look at it for a couple days. Like, do I, does this resonate with me? So that's how it started this way before tv, way before any of this. And when I got on tv, when I got on Food Network, they were gonna send me my first paycheck. You wouldn't believe how much I made that first episode. I mean, just huge money, $1,250 An Episode, you know, when you get started. And I wasn't playing on tv. But anyhow, I came back and I had all my buddies around my table. My house was kinda like a soup kitchen. All my buddies, you know, come by and someone will bring, you know, crab, someone will bring some steak, whatever. And so I'm sitting there with all my buddies. I said, Hey, I gotta think of a name for my tv, like my other business.


'cause my restaurant business had a business partner and I didn't want the checks to come to the business. So I said, what do you, what do you think my one buddy Dirty says? My nickname's Guido. He says, GUID. He says, how about you make us something to eat and that'll give us like some food for knowledge. And then, and I said, you know, and I'm serious. I want to come up with a name for the company. I gotta get this. I gotta get my $1,200 check sent to me. And I go, Hey, dirty, how about I give you a knuckle sandwich? And he goes, that'd be a good name. That's it. That Was it. And it was, it was originally that, it was originally a a, a sandwich with a, with a ring on it and a sandwich made outta money. And that was knuckle sandwich. And then it just kind of all evolved from there. And so all my companies go into the brand of Knuckle Sandwich, but I never put a product of wine or tequila or anything I ever did.


And when we started making these cigars, and this guy that I'm partners with is such a, such a guru guy named Eric Espinoza. And we sat there and talked about it. And I have another brand called Flavor Town. Like Flavor Town's too whimsical and too, you know, ah, it's gotta be something. I didn't wanna call it Guy Fieri, you know, I didn't wanna have my name on it. I don't wanna do stuff that like buy this because it's my, you know, it's my name. I just wanna do something, you know. And we all thought about it. We said, cigars are that good. And he's such a badass. It's called Knuckle Sandwich. Did You have any idea in the beginning of your career of being a TV guy? Like how did, how did all that stuff start? Because it's a weird world.


You know, I had a conversation with Hose Jose Undress about this. Watched, it's the, the, the emergence of the celebrity chef is like fair. I mean, it used to be like Julia Child, like way, way back, back in the day. She was, and then just one. Yeah. Yeah. Gotcha. And then I guess there was a few other people, but they, they never were like cultural figures, I guess Julia Child was, she was probably the only one. I don't know her. And she was really it, right? Yeah. And that was PBS, you know. Yeah. That was PBS That wasn't people really blowing it up. I mean, I watched it because I loved that I was in love with food as at a young age. I mean, I just was one 'cause I didn't really experience and like exactly what my parents were feeding me.


My parents were really good cooks. They weren't in the cooking business. But, but yeah, this whole food thing I had before I got on Food Network, I had never watched the Food Network. And not because I don't believe in it. I mean, food's my epicenter of what I do. But the last thing I was gonna do, working seven days a week, 12, 13, 15 hours a day in the restaurant, Come home and watch more food. It's, go and watch somebody make me, you know, a Popeye. I'm like, right. I got enough. Plus I also didn't really have a true understanding of what was going on. Knew who Emerald was. I mean, you couldn't, He's another one. Remember when he had that sitcom, we, he, his, his tagline, bam. Like they decided to try to put that into a sitcom. We just had that conversation the other day.


Yeah. We just had that conversation. But Emerald's, the og, I, I give such appreciation and accolades to everybody that did it before me. There were so many people that helped pave the way in one style of another and some in tv, some literary, some, you know, just living the, you know, keeping the energy of the industry alive. 'cause if you're not from the industry, you don't quite exactly get what it is. But it's a pretty, it's like understanding UFC, you know, the bigger fan you become of something, the more you start looking at it and just going, it's so much more than what you're watching in the ring for the, you know, next 20 minutes. It's really deep and there's so much more. And there's so much.


It's not just lifestyle, it's attitude, it's energy, it's connectivity, it's family, it's community. It's all that kind of stuff. And so, So did you like, how, how does one go from being a chef to being a TV chef? Like, what was it about, did you just get an audition? Like, did they contact a bunch of chefs, like, who's got the wackiest hair and who looks like they would be good on tv? Like how do they, how do they figure something like that?


This episode is brought to you by Squarespace. Joe Rogan dot com runs on Squarespace. And if we trust it, you can be sure that it'll help you create whatever great looking website you have in mind. And it'll be quick to create too. Thanks to Squarespace AI powered design tools plus Squarespace's selling tools help you offer services, take payments and streamline bookings all in one place. Start your free trial today at Squarespace dot com. And when you're ready, go to Squarespace dot com slash rogan to save 10% on your first website or domain.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. Summer is almost here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered Catamaran. That's a no lemon meringue. That's a yes. A day in the sun. No, a bottle of rum. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely help you out with that. Get almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You must be legal drinking age, please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by Region C App for details out.


This is about the most waxed story in the world. So, all right, so never graduated high school. Dropped outta high school when I was 16. Went to France, was an exchange student. I'm gonna give you a little bit more of the backstory than you probably want, but I'll give you, give it to me. I'll kind of give you the, the, you know, the, the quick version of it. So when I got, when I came back from France, I was supposed to go to my senior year in high school. And I wasn't really super interested in going back to high school. I just lived in France in a boarding house and went to high school. And I didn't even speak French, but my parents were really open-minded and I'd saved my money. And they said, if you can pass a year of French at the junior college at 16 And you could pass the class and You can figure it out, I guess. So I went and lived in a boarding house and went to high school, came back my senior year. I just was not interested in going back to high school.


So I went to junior college, finished junior college, went to UNLV, got my degree, graduated a little bit early and went and ran restaurants for other people. And then, and I was 26, moved back to the wine country, up to Northern California where I'm from, opened my first restaurant, had a bunch of restaurants to a buddy. Things were great. Did exactly what I wanted to do. Wanted to be, you know, have great wife, wanted to be a great dad, wanted to have my own restaurant. That's all I wanted. Not that I was shortsighted and stuff like big, big community person wanted to do a lot of, you know, community service and so forth. My parents were that way. So that was it, man. I had Like three restaurants. I owned a couple hot rods, bought my own house. I was living it, you know, and a bunch of friends came up to me, actually a kid across the street came to me, said, you watch Food Network?


I said, no. He said, we have a show on there called the Food Network Star. You should go on that show. I hadn't even seen Food Network. I saw Rachel Ray one time. I was at a bar and I saw Rachel Ray on screen and I'm like, that girl's got energy. I mean, listen to her. And she could talk food. She did. She doesn't know her shit. So that was whatever. About 8, 6, 8 months later, my wife's driving home from the city. She says, Hey, I was just listening to the radio station. They have that Food Network Star show going on. She goes, you'd be great in that. I go, how do you know? You know, I'm seen the show. She goes, no, they're just talking about it like, you know, the culinary challenges and all the things. And then if you do what you wanna a show, well, I want a show for her. You know, doing what? I'm not been on tv. I made my own TV commercials from my restaurant.


That was the only thing I ever did that was tv. So none of it was appealing When they contacted you and they asked you, I wouldn't say it wasn't appealing. It just wasn't in my scope. Right. You know, it wasn't really, it wasn't in your plans. It wasn't like something I was seeking. You know, we had talked about it there, there had been many people had come to me before and said like, my buddy that was the, was the marketing manager for Flow Master, remember Flow Masters? The mufflers. Oh yeah. Okay. Hot Rod Mufflers. Yeah, sure. So he came to me and said, you should do a hot rod show. You love hot rods. Let's do a hot rod show. What the fuck? I mean, I know enough to be dangerous, you know, about hot rods. I mean, I know just enough to get into the conversation where I bury myself. And so that was that.


And so anyhow, the show, they say make a make a three minute pitch. So all my buddies are like, you know, gotta make the pitch, gotta do the thing, gotta do the thing, gotta do the thing. And I avoided it any way I could. And to the point where it had expired, like the entry time had expired. So my buddy, my buddy named Mustard, he was on, we were on a barbecue team together, did competition barbecue and all kinds of crazy shit. And he says, do you ever send that demo tape into the food network? And I said, no, I just missed that window. And he goes, good. I thought you were gonna say that. He says, 'cause they opened it back up. There's another week. He says, let's go make that. I'm like, I don't want to do this. And he's like, don't be, you know, you always push every, you know, this is the truth.


'cause I push all my friends in, like, open your own business. Go on that vacation. Have kids, you know, I'm always the one that's kind of, you know, go live your best life. And so I kind of had walk my talk. And last thing I wanted to do, Joe, honestly, is go on TV and, 'cause I never went to culinary school, you know, I just been cooking through my, you know, as my career. And it is what I did as passion and living in France and all that Shit. You opened up a restaurant without ever going to culinary school. Never. Is that unusual? Mm. I think it's probably 60 40. Oh Really? Yeah. 60 40 that go to school or 60 go to school. Mm. That's a lot. That don't though I could Really be off on that when I do Diners, drivings and Dives.


70, 60% don't go a lot of the mom and pops. And that doesn't mean that they don't learn. I mean, some of the best chefs I know haven't been to culinary school and just are super smart at learning and dig in a lot of education, a lot of research, a lot of trial and error, a lot of, a lot of putting yourself out there. You gotta be willing to fail. Like you, I don't really think you'd be a good cook if you're not willing to fail. I mean, if you're just, if you stay in your lane so much, I I I just think that you get better chances to, well, let's think about fighting, you know, think about things you've learned. All the education in martial arts and boxing and all these different perspectives that people take to, to be in it. It's usually the one that has a pretty good, you know, a narrow focus on something they really, really love.


But then having that outside perspective. So for me as a chef, having the ability to understand Indian food, you know, there's such a depth there that I'll never hit the bottom. You'll never touch all the opportunities that there are. But anyhow, so back to that. I, I made the demo tape and I made it so ridiculous that there's no way, there's just no way they were gonna pick me. What'd you do on the demo tape? Do you have it? Do you guy? I think you can find it online. You can find it. Hold on, put the headphones on. I can't believe I just told you to Put headphones On. Oh, you guys already have God damnit, you set Me up. I didn't set you up. Did You really get that Fast? No, Jamie just pulled it up. Jamie Did. You pulled it up that Fast. Listen, Jamie, Welcome To Sonoma County, California, home of true wine country cuisine.


Today I'm gonna prepare a dish for you, not in, not in Fusion, but in confusion. I'm gonna do a Gorgonzola tofu sausage toine that we served over a mildly poached ostrich egg. Now, since we're in the wine country, I'll be serving that on, on grape nuts and done with a delicious pickled herring mousse right on top. And oh, I know delicious. It sends shivers up my spine. Fine. No seriously, folks, real food for real people. That's the idea. See, it's all getting messed up. People are trying to take everything off the shelf and jam it onto a plate and that's not what it has to be. I learned how to cook outta survival. My parents are going through this macrobiotic cooking in the late seventies, and I had enough vulgar and steamed fish to kill a kid.


So the idea in our family was whoever made the dinner, got to decide what it was gonna be. And being a Italian descent, pasta was always one of the keys. I went and studied in France and then came back and got my degree at University of Nevada Las Vegas and Restaurant administration. I've been a district manager in Los Angeles and moved up here to Northern California to open up three different concept restaurants. What I'd like to talk to you about and what I think I could do as a Food network host is teach people about real food. Real people get it to the basics. Great product, great equipment, great ideas. See, anybody can read a cookbook. Anybody can come up with a simple idea. But the idea is bringing it to the table. I take people's imaginations and put 'em on the plate. Lemme show you one of my favorite.


I was on my way back from Houston where I was down there learning. I can't believe you're making me go through this. And I came up with this idea, sorry, how to take Southern style barbecue and mix it into Japanese cooking. See, in Japanese sushi does not mean raw fish. And that's what people think it does. It means seasoned rice. So I take a little bit of seasoned rice, a little bit of smoked pork butt, and we put this together here in a dish with a little of our American favorite french fries and mix this together with a little bit of the California favorite some avocado. And I came up with this idea. And as I was doing this, a buddy came around the corner, he says, Guido, what are you doing? He says, you can't put that into rice. You can't make sushi out of barbecue. What are you doing? You jackass.


And that's what this dish is called. It's actually called the jackass roll. So we mix it up, we serve it over. The idea about cooking is not just about great food, it's about putting all the pieces. Do you have a sharp knife? Do you understand sanitation? Do you know where to get it from? And do you know how to tie all the components together? You see my idea about it is, is there's so much more to teach as a restaurateur. People ask me all the time, how do you do it? I can take the restaurant and bring it to the home. And I think that would be something that would be sellable. My name's Guy Fieri, my friends call me Guido. You can now consider me your friend. Why did you think that would be ridiculous? That seems pretty straightforward. It, what's the matter, Jamie? It's fucking up. Oh, you switch is fucking up again.


Can't get this thing off to screen once I put it on. You gotta reboot again. Yeah, go ahead. Reboot. I'm sorry. No worries. No, you guys can still talk. Okay. Okay. Okay. That seems pretty straightforward. I don't know why you would think that that would somehow or another like that. I was No way. They're gonna pick you. I was taking it seriously. I wasn't taking it seriously. Yeah, But that the whole beginning line was such cool. That's a TV personality that's like, yeah, I, listen, I had one. I didn't one take. That was it. Here we go. Good. You guys happy? Shit's done. Let's see. I want, I don't know why you would think that that would be something that would never pick you from, well, I didn't know back then what I know about TV now. So, oh, you thought you had to be like super professional.


Right? I thought if I talk some shit and I kinda made it a joke and I told them, what are they doing? Oh, you know, I Thought like, hey, I'll be so, you know, I mean that is pretty true to who I am anyway. Isn't that, what year Was that? 2005? Yeah, two. Yeah, two We shot in 2005. Yeah, 2005 first showed in Airto 2006. But yeah, so I send it to him and I sent it on A DVD because my buddy that filmed it worked at the TV station and he put it, he burned it from the camera and put it on DVD back In the old Days. So I sent it in. That was it. I did my deal. I said I would do it. I did it.


So it gets in, what, three days later? Late at night, 10 o'clock at night. Lori and I are sitting, my wife and I are sitting on the couch watching tv, home phone rings. She goes, no, she's from Rhode Island, she's from North Providence. So she's a little bit tough on the phone at 10:00 AM at 10:00 PM You know, like who's calling at 10:00 PM now? I don't know where he is now. He is not here. I'll take a message. No, yes, no. She finally covers the phone. She goes, it's a food network, bullshit food network. It's one of my buddies being a jerk off. So I pick up the phone, I go, hello, food Network, blah, blah, blah, you know? And they said, is this guy Ferrari? And I'm like, okay.


So I know it's not because it was one of my buddies. They would've said, you know, fii. So she goes, yeah, we got your DVD and we, we'd like to talk to you about it and we want you to be on the show. I said, okay, what does that entail? Well, there's a contract that'll be on your door tomorrow morning. We FedEx it too. So I get the FedEx and I look at it and I give it to one of my attorney buddies, like, man, they own your ass. If you sign this, I can own you. So he redlined a bunch and I sent it back to him. They called me back and they said, you can't redline the contract that we're sending you. This is like you want on the show, or you don't want on the show. What Is like, when you say they own you, like, what do you mean? Oh, He says, you know how a contract goes when you get into tv? I mean, there's like you, you know, we've got you for 36 months.


You can't do any other production, da da, you know, whatever this 36 months. I Know I didn't, don't quote me on any of it. All I know is okay. I had never signed an entertainment contract at that point. Yeah. So a lot of 'em are pretty predatory. Yeah. You take advantage of the person that doesn't have any exposure. If you're gonna become a star, they wanna profit massively off it. And So that's where it kind of, my guy said to me, he goes, you have your own restaurants. You're doing your own thing. What are you doing? Whatcha are you gonna go on TV for? Right? And so, long story short, I went, Lori and I were pregnant eight and a half months. Eight months you were pregnant too? Yeah, well that's what I call it. I, I held the baby weight. Mm. But we were, you know, we were pregnant. We got the kid coming. We, hunter was four. No, hunter was, Did you name him after Hunter Thompson?


Yes I did. Did you know that or are you just saying that? No, I didn't know that. Oh, that's a hundred percent. No, I was, I, because I saw the Hunter Thompson in the hallway and I saw the Bill Murray interview. I read Fear in Loathing Las Vegas. I don't read a lot, but I read that book probably five times. That's A great book. Such a great book. And when I got outta college, I lived in a town, I didn't know anybody. I lived in Long Beach. I didn't know anybody. I just worked at this restaurant and I'm not a big TV person. So I just read the book and I read, I read it in college and I read it again. I read it again. And it's funny, when you read something again, I got that from the Dale Carnegie book. I read Dale Carnegie And you know, you have to read it a hundred times or how many times.


I just like, man, this guy owns it, this guy lives it, this guy just, You know what a character. Yeah. And then the more you I read about him and the more you kind of learn about him. And so I told my wife, so we have Hunter and Ryder Ryder's, freshman in San Diego State, hunter just graduated with his MBA at University of Miami. That's awesome. Congratulations. Yeah. So that's where Hunter came from. Congrat. That's great. Yeah. Thank you. And my nephew Jules, who's in the middle of the two, we raised Jules. My sister died when Jules was really young. And so Jules just is graduating this Sunday with his degree from Loyola in law. Oh wow. He's in, he's in EDM music. He's an agent. Oh, cool. Yeah. So, so anyhow, I, I got on the show. I got there, everybody's standing there buttoned up in their chef coats.


I walk in and I'm in, I'm in New York, never been to New York. I'm in flip flops and shorts and a yellow leather jacket. And I walk in and everybody's like, you know, all puckered. And I'm like, Oh fuck, this is not gonna go well. This is gonna be a shit show. And I just said, You know what? You gotta give it a shot. So I just went in. I was just me. Did what I do, I won. So I won the show. And what this show, what you win, is a six episode cooking show, which they ran at 7:00 AM on Saturdays. I mean, it was the worst time slot in the world. But they gave me the show and I did good. And they gave me another show. And I did the show and I hated it.


I did the pilot and I hated it. And I'm like, I can't do this. What was That show? It's Called Got it, get it. I don't think you're gonna find him. You're not gonna find this thing. He'll find it. No. Jesus, please. I don't even think. And it was never aired. So what it was, it was a show. He'll find it. It was a show about, it was a show about kitchen gadgets. And I'm not a kitchen gadget chef. I Know. Oh. So it's like, you gotta get one of these que and and arts, It wasn't even that good. I mean, it was like avocado slicer. I like, if you can't slice an avocado, don't eat it. I mean, you got a problem. But it, there was a cool one, there was a oven that talked Bluetooth to your phone. And that was way before Bluetooth stuff was really going on.


There was a two stroke weed eater mower with a blender on it. And that was the coolest one. I made margaritas in that. And so anyhow, but they, the one they gave me that sucked the worst, or the one that I wasn't and exactly was they gave me a ball, like a hamster ball. Remember the hamster balls? You put the hamster run around the house, but you'd pour cream and vanilla and sugar and all this in a ball and then throw ice cubes in it. And then you would roll the ball around, kick it around And it would roll And it would make ice cream. Okay. Yeah. Kind of fun. Yeah. So not for a guy that has a sushi barbecue restaurant And you know, culinary. Yeah. How Long does it take culinary to make ice cream by kicking a Ball out? I know too long as I was in, I was So thinking, I was thinking that's fun.


But then I thought, no, how much time go Kick it when you're in flip flops? So I did the whole thing and they called me a couple, you know, weeks later and they said, Hey, congratulations. The show got picked up for 13 episodes Prime time. I'm like, oh, I gotta, I gotta be honest with you, I'm not gonna be able to do that show. I'm like, what? I'm like, no, I, I just, it's not. So it went through a series of people like executive and executive from production company, the owner of the production company yelling at me, telling me wasted on his time and his money. I said, Hey, nobody told me that if this got picked up, I had to go do the show. I thought it was a discovery for you. A discovery for me. I don't, I don't know shit from steak sauce about what's going, how this all works.


Which I quickly turned that I was not gonna be inside of the TV business and not be really aware of what goes on. So finally the president of the network called me and she said, you're burning a huge opportunity, Brooke Johnson. You're burning a huge opportunity. I said, Brooke, it's all about to me about authenticity. I said, I don't need the paycheck and I don't need, I said, I'm happy with my life. I love what I do. I like my cooking show called Guy's Big Bite. You know, I cook food the way I want. Call it what I wanna call it. Make it the way I wanna make it. And I said, I just don't me. And gadgets for cooking is just not a thing. She goes, well you might not ever get a shot like this again. I said, I really appreciate the opportunity and I'm not trying to be a jerk, but I just don't wanna do it.


And she said, okay. And that was it. And but fortunately six months later she called, they called me back and said, we're gonna give you one more shot. You're gonna be a food critic. I said, Nope, thank you. They go, hold on, hold, hold on. Why not? I said, I'm not a food critic, I'm a cook. Last thing I'm gonna do is go in and tell people they're doing it right and they wrong. That's like someone going and telling somebody they don't like their their arts. Wrong bullshit. That's not my style. So they said, well okay, it's not that. It's not that you go around, this was the key word. You go around to mom and pop joints and you just eat the food and talk to the people. My God, I can do, that's my style.


I said, what's it called? Diners, drivers dive ins and dimes. I said, what? They couldn't get the name right. No one ever gets Diners, drive-ins and Dives. Right. That's why we call it Triple D all the time. I said, I could do that, I could do that. That sounds like Dives. I love Dives. I don't know a lot about Diners 'cause we don't have many of 'em on the West Coast and drive-ins. I love, that was always special to me to go to the a and w Drive-in when I was a kid. Like we didn't eat fast food when I was a kid. So when you went there, that was like big, big deal. You know? And, and so I got going. Wow. Interesting. Yeah, it seems like it's hard to find because once they started making personalities outta chef's, then you have to find authentic personalities who are good on TV that are actually cooks.


So it's kind of a little bit of a dilemma. 'cause chefs aren't necessarily the kind of people that you want to have in front of the camera. For the most part. I deal with a lot of them. Yeah. But You know what, I think that everybody, when you get people comfortable, as you know, you get people comfortable. You get 'em talking about themselves. You get them in a zone where they feel good and they relax. It's very sim it's what you do here. I mean, I watch it's, people have a gift of storytelling or have history and what can people talk best about themselves or their history or their passion. And that's what I did with Triple D is I just went in, I remember the first one we ever shot.


I'm standing there talking to the guy about thing and I'm pouring coffee behind my back. People are bitching at the counter. 'cause we're right in the middle of an active service in the diner. And I'm pouring coffee and pancakes burning and I flip the guy's pancake. And I'm like, so how, how long have you been making the, you know? Yeah, hang on a second. He needs an order back. You know? And I asked all my questions I was supposed to ask. And the producer at the end goes, cut, cut, cut, cut. I said, what? What? Come here. He goes, what the hell was that? I said, I what? What was slow your roll bro. I said, I asked every question you asked and ask. I said, I didn't stand there and do it like PM magazine, you know, I was in the mix with the dude, but I asked all the goddamn questions. And he's like, can you do that again?


I said, I just stand on my head. This is what we do in the restaurant business. I said, we work and we talk and we joke and we laugh and we bust balls. And we do, you know, that's what we do. He throws his clipboard on the ground, we've got a hit. And then we went around the country for the next three weeks and shot more locations and put that together into the pitch. So I don't understand, was he pretending to be upset or was he upset until you explained it? I think it To him, I was upset. He was the kind of an upset guy. Oh, so fun. But it worked Out. And That's the problem with tv. He was dealing with upset people. Well, And the thing is, is especially people that don't understand tv, so when I started Triple D, I just treated my fellow chefs, restaurant owners like we were in the kitchen. Have fun. I tell 'em all the time, I want you to say whatever you wanna say.


If you wanna drop 50 F-bombs, if you cut yourself, if you drop the thing on the floor, if you shit godda, if it's not right, don't worry, we'll stop. We'll fix it and we'll go forward. But I'm never gonna make you look bad, I promise you that. I'll never make you look bad. You can look great. Sometimes we stop. I go, hold up, let's hold up. Let's hold up. Let, what do you drink Jack? Can we get him a shot of Jack please. You know, they'll sit there and shoot the shit about his favorite team or talk about it. I always start talking about people's family right off the bat. Talk about the family. Kind of puts people on the same playing field. Hmm. Not a game, just Your reality. No, I understand. I get it.


Well that sounds like a fun thing to just drive around and go to people's restaurants and see how they do things and see the history behind it. And what was their dream? How satisfying is it to have this place and feed all These people? You just, you meet the people that are just, I mean, bring tears to your eyes. There's so many stories. So many, we've done like almost 1600 locations and it's just mind blowing to be in the restaurant business and to watch these people, what they put into it and how many sacrifices they've made, and then how many success stories we hear.


And it's just, it is probably one of the most fulfilling things I've ever done in my life. You know, it's really, I would've been done by now, had it not, I mean a matter of fact, when we first started the show, I thought, oh, this'll be fun to do. Do it for a couple years. I'll probably run out places. Is all this show could live on forever. How Many years have you been doing it now? 16. 16 years. That's crazy. Yeah. That's crazy. But it Does some great things for 'em. I'm sure it's great for their businesses. Right. You know, it must be a huge boom. We're shooting right now. We're shooting in Town right now in Austin. Yeah. We just shot this morning. Where'd you shoot? Shot a place called the Bolden Creek Cafe Vegan Joint.


And I shouldn't even say it like that. I should just say Bolton Creek Cafe. An awesome restaurant. No, you should say vegan, you should let everybody know. Well, I say, but here's the thing, I, I think when I say vegan people like, oh, so you kind of gotta give them their shot. No, I wasn't thinking that. I was just thinking, you know, I have some vegan friends. If they only want to eat a vegan restaurant, I would take 'em there. It's so good. I'd just go eat there as it is. And that's what I, when I interview people at vegan restaurants or vegetarian restaurants, I'll say, do your non-vegan vegetarian friends come here? Or I'll ask people. Usually 50% of 'em that I'm talking to aren't vegan. They just go there. 'cause the food's great. There's A vegetarian place that I used to love to go to in Woodland Hills that was a Indian joint, like super authentic Indian.


It was in this little strip mall. And I would go in there and every, all the menus in, you know, Hindi, everybody was speaking. It was you didn't, you kind of look at the photos that they had of the dishes and just like that one, gimme that one. So spicy, Not spicy, All vegetarian, all but like super authentic. And you know, that's not even necessarily what I'm interested in. But I, I would go there all the time. I wanna eat great food. Yeah. I don't eat food that's prepared correctly. Yeah. So it's kind of like saying, I didn't mean to throw the vegan thing on it because really what it is, it's about great restaurants with really great people that own it or people that have a good story and then people that want to talk about what the food, they talk about what they do.


Did You ask 'em why they decided to make a vegan restaurant? She's vegan and she had a coffee shop, started with a coffee shop and then was doing a little bit of food on the side and then just continued to grow and make it bigger and bigger. So funny, I drive up and they got a big neon that says caffeine dealer. And I'm like, that's my kind of energy. That's my kind of smart ass. You gotta have, you gotta have fun with yourself, you gotta laugh about this shit. And just great character. I'm, I'm actually probably getting my ass kicked from the network right now, going through telling about this ahead of time. But no, there's great, you know, like I haven't been to Austin a few years shooting Triple D, but I'll come back to a city and new places have popped up or we start to find out more about them.


Have you been to Travis Barker's place? No, I've heard that place is phenomenal. And that's a fully vegan place in LA It's, What was it called? Crossroads Cafe. Yeah. I've, I've heard from many of my friends, like Dana White went there. He is like, dude, it's phenomenal. You, you can't believe it's vegan. That's the thing about it is people have this stereotype about vegan food for a good Reason. You and I like, listen, you and I like wild game. You and I like meat and so forth. But if you really look about it, you're well, There's just enough vegan people that are really annoying That I won't Disagree. There's enough that are wonderful people. No, don't get me wrong. But there's an, there's a percentage of vegan people that are like hugely annoying.


Well, And especially when they start Don't, here's the thing, don't Proselytizing. Yeah. Don't Pro don't push yourself in somebody else's lane. Do what you wanna do and do what you love. But don't go and pre, don't I I'm not into preaching. I'm not into trying to change. Have your opinion. Have your attitude. Have your Attitude. Yeah. That's the problem with the whole vegan thing is that the people, they represent themselves as morally superior. And you know, and it's not all of 'em. Some of 'em do it just 'cause they're kind people and that's how they want to eat Now. It's wonderful. But I think that happens in a lot of different, of course sections. I mean there's people about heavy metal, you know? Oh, you don't like heavy metal, you're an idiot. Exactly. I Just, I mean that with yoga, they just start doing yoga. They want everybody to do yoga.


Yeah, I get it. Well, I'll tell you a funny story. I was running restaurants down in, in Long Beach and then I was in Redondo Beach and I'm running a little restaurant down there called Luis's. Tiny little Pasta joint, Pete's and Pasta. And there was a bunch of 'em in LA at the time. And then I eventually became the district manager for him. But, and I was young, I was very young in my career, but Ho Gracie used to come in, the Gracie family was right down the street in, in Redondo Beach. And I remember somehow through a manager, through one of the guys we got a UFC videotape. VHS someone had, I don't know what it was, I'd never seen it.


I hadn't even heard of it. And that was the first time that we ever came aware to you know, this. And then who was it? Tank Abbott was down in Huntington Beach. Ah. And we used to go down and I used to live by Huntington. So we used to go down there in the tank Abbott thing and the TDO thing, you know, this whole thing. But you know, I mean, you're so ingrained in it, you're such a massive part of it that, you know, if anybody wants to start getting on a high horse about stuff, I'm like, as soon as you know, enough, enough about it. And soon as you have a platform that you really can say something, then speak your piece. But don't shove it down people's throat. I mean, I'm just not You can do about Anything. Yeah. You know.


No. This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. Speed dating is an interesting concept, isn't it? Setting an allotted amount of time to get to know as many people as you can. It increases your chances of finding a good match. And there's not a whole lot of room for bullshit. You have to cut to the chase to find what you're looking for. Wouldn't it be nice if you had something like that when it comes to hiring for your business? Well, good news, there's ZipRecruiter. ZipRecruiter has a new zip intro feature that helps speed up the hiring process, connecting you with qualified candidates faster. You can try it for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. As soon as you post your job zip intro will get to work. You could even be talking to candidates in back-to-back calls the very next day. All you have to do is pick a time and it'll start scheduling top talent for you to meet. Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with the new zip intro feature only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro Post jobs today, talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


This episode is brought to you by blinds.com. Here's the deal before blinds.com. Getting custom window treatments used to mean booking an appointment, waiting around for a quote and crossing your fingers that it wouldn't cost a fortune. blinds.com absolutely disrupted the industry. These guys came in and flipped the whole custom window treatment game on its head. Wanna do it yourself? Cool. Want that full white glove treatment? They've got you. Maybe you're somewhere in the middle. Yep. Still got you covered. Shop completely online. Talk to one of their design pros for a virtual consultation. Or just get free samples and handle it your way. No matter how many window treatments you get, installation is one low cost with no hidden fees. blinds.com has covered over 25 million windows so they know what they're doing. Plus every order is backed by their 100% satisfaction guarantee. Memorial Day deals are happening now@blinds.com and JRE listeners get an exclusive 40% off your entire order. Just go to blinds.com and use the code Rogan 40 at checkout. Limited time offer rules and restrictions apply.


That's a big one when people start doing juujitsu and they only wanna tell everybody about juujitsu. The the vegan thing though is like, I I I really do get it from their perspective, like as an ethical perspective. It's just one of those things where if there's a thing that you're trying to do where you're trying to be kind, you're gonna get a certain percentage of people that start doing that that get annoying. Yeah. I just choose not to listen to annoying people. I just tune it out. I don't have fucking time for it. I I really don't have time for it. I mean life, there's so much else going on in my life and so much else going on in this world. I think why don't we start focusing all the good shit we can do. Yeah. We can do so much great shit if everybody would pivot themselves 10% and just go and look And it say, okay, take everything you love and then go do that more and be worried less about what somebody's saying about you.


What something's going on, social media, whatever this other shit may be. Yeah. Just go do something positive. It's a social media contagion. It's, it's a problem. It's a real problem. People, When will it break is the question Like, when will it stop being the center of shit? When people just start looking at it and go, okay, we're done. We've had enough of it. It's, it's, it's, it's run its course. It's been poisonous enough. It's a, I mean there's positive things to it, don't get me wrong. I think there's some really good information that you can get from it. But the negative side of it, just because you have a pla you have a, a key, you know, I always say to these, you know, I have young chefs that are on my shows. They're like, oh yeah, somebody wrote about me. And I'm like, a, quit reading about yourself. B look at the source. Now I come up to you and I tell you that your food sucks.


Or I tell you that you know something that's wrong. You know, we're friends. You can maybe take my opinion with some, you know, some credit. But the fuck, you know, the jerk off that's writing about you in his mom's basement eating Cheetos in his underwear, you know, clucking away telling you how much you suck. Said you really care what that guy thinks. The problem is that people see it written down and they think it's almost like, like a valid source and then they have to combat it. But you're gonna combat 35 million people, however many million people are tweeting about things and how many Extra accounts they have. Yeah. There's a lot of that and there's a lot of people that aren't even real. But it's also, it's just the, the, the, the nature of it highlights negativity.


'cause then the nature of this platform, what gets traction is things that make people upset. Well, it's what media used. I mean it still is. You don't hear the front page of the paper talking about all the good that somebody does and all the money they raised or all the benefit they've given or all the experiences they've offered. Yeah. What you hear about is the Negative The the death. Yeah. And the It's a problem because it's monetized. Right, exactly. It's a problem because that's how people make money and they don't think of it in terms of the impact that it's having on the culture. But if you, if sells, yeah. I mean that's, that's how they're making money. They make money by getting people, or used to be, but getting people to buy newspapers and tune into the news.


And because of that, what what's gonna get people's eyes glued? Not positive stories and inspirational stories, but rather whatever the chaos is anywhere in the world and exaggerate it to make it the most salacious and the most ridiculous. And How much can we spend regardless if it's true or not. I mean mean that's what's been killing me is all of the truth. Non-truth is the like where's the medium? Like who's the governing body? Like is anybody gonna hold anybody's a, you know, feet to the fire on this and could there not? I wish there could be a punishment. It's up to us. Like you lied. Yeah, but it's up to us. It's up to us to ignore them once you know that they're full of shit and once you know that they lie, take away their power. The way you take away their power is just not pay attention to them and they do it to themselves.


I mean, in, in general, mainstream media has kind of over the last, you know, eight, nine years has exposed themselves as being wholly corrupt, very corrupt and full of lies and propaganda and ignoring positive aspects of people because they don't fit with your political agenda. It's just, And it has a negative effect downstream of the entire civilization because it's just like everybody's had everybody's throats and they're, it's, they're being fed all this negativity first through mainstream media and then it's all accentuated by Twitter and Facebook and Instagram And it, ugh.


No, it's poisonous. Yeah. And it poisons the culture. Unfortunately there's, it's, we're moving away from it, but there still is. Are we? Well I think there's a mass group that is still, you know, buying into it and being the sheep and, and going along with it. And you're not following it. I'm not following it. Yeah. But we're public people. It's like, it's wise for your health to not follow it, you know. True. But I hope, and again, I don't have any prescription to it all. I follow the same mantra you're saying, quit tuning in, quit paying attention, quit passing it along, you know, quit reading the bullshit. You don't know if it's true or not. Just do, just talk about what you know and talk about what you believe and, and be who you are. And, and quit trying to just keep the quit negative shit.


Just, you know, keep it outta your mouth. Yeah. It's just, it's, it's a problem 'cause it's so addictive, you know, it's, people are constantly checking it and when you're bored you immediately grab your phone and then what do you do? You open up social media, like what's everybody yelling at? What are they, what are they upset about? And you go, What's your social media that you go to? Mostly Twitter. 'cause it's the only one that's free in terms of like free speech. Like legitimate free speech, call it X whatever. I'm still gonna call it Twitter. I Hate when they say Twitter X fully known as Twitter. Yeah. Okay. It's been two years, three years. I know, but nobody calls it x. Everybody calls it Twitter. Few people call it X. Everybody calls it Twitter. Why Did he change it Anyways?


Because he is crazy. Same reason why he bought it. I saw the picture of you shooting the bow at the Tesla. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah, I heard the, I heard the tip came right off and came right back At you. Yeah, it blew apart. Yeah. It's, it's thick steel. Do you think it was Gonna go through? I think if I had a reinforced arrow. So like, you know, there's companies that may look super durable, like much heavier grain arrows and maybe an iron will broadhead, but like a single bevel, two blade. I had a three blade. Too much of a big cutting surface. I need a smaller surface. I thought about it for a lot afterwards And I may try it again with goggles on, in behind it.


No, I, I wasn't worried about it hitting me, but it's, it's pretty impressive. I mean you can actually shoot a, I think you could shoot a 40. What did what what what, what like round will that, I don't wanna lie. I know nine millimeter will bounce right off of it. But like what round is that? Will it nine millimeter Bounce off it, bounce right off of it? No. Yep. Yep. But not the windows. No, not the windows. No. But none. Wonder what Costs to get the windows done. You can get the windows done easy. Yeah. I never Have You driven one. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. I heard they're amazing. My buddy has one. He Says, I drove my Tesla here today. Oh, you have one? Yeah. I don't have a cyber truck. I have a model. He says You push the button and the car will come get you pull. Oh yeah, I'll do that.


Okay. The body was in nine millimeter handgun. A 22 caliber rifle has not bulletproof against all calibers. So when you get higher, like an AR 15, a fit, well 50 caliber of course is gonna penetrate everything. Trucks, metal also crack of shots are fired close together. But either way, why would you do that? 17 march? Why are you making a car like that? You fucking psycho. Like it's really kind of crazy. And I think you can't sell them in some countries because they're, it's like they're so durable that it's like a danger to other cars on the road. 'cause like you would hope that like if a a a A Celica hits a Prius, they're both gonna kind of crush equally.


What'd You think of Celica? That dates us. People still have those Celicas were awesome. I heard they were remaking that. That's why I I heard that they're gonna bring back a Celica. Sheika are Awesome back in game. Oh Man. What was your favorite of all time? American Muscle car. Oh, that's hard. That's hard. I love them. I got a lot of 'em. I love Are they bring it back to Sica. I'm trying to make sure This is just an AI Might be an AI thing. I heard something about it. I don't have a favorite, but it's all I like between early, you can get as low as 65 for a couple of 'em. Like I have a 65 Corvette that I love.


And then I think you get as old as 71 if you get into like the Barracuda as and the challengers, some of the mopars. But by 71, most of the Fords and the Chevys had fallen apart for whatever reason. I think 'cause they stopped doing drugs. That's what I think. I have a theory, I have a, my psychedelic theory cause it wasn. If you've At those I've, I've heard a lot of reasons they've stopped more EPA issues. Well, EPA issues as well. But why make 'em ugly? You can make them feel efficient without making them so ugly. Like they, something happened, they lost their design language and everything started being flat and boring. You know, except Corvette. Corvette is another one like Corvette.


Like they made good looking Corvettes deep into the seventies. 'cause they still have that curvy body. But if I had like, I don't know, I don't, Well bow type O Par or Ford, I love 'em all. I'm not picking one. I just, I love 'em all. I mean, I have a 70 Cuda. I love that. I have a 68 Mustang. I love that. I just, I just love that era of automobile and it's just like, it's also that era of culture. I love the music and the fact that life was chaotic And, you know, there were so many changes in the culture. There was so many quickly changes in society.


Things were just, just Each year Made up. Yeah. I mean they went from Buddy Holly to Jimi Hendrix in a decade And it, everything was like, what is, what, what's, what's the baseline now? My favorite movie's that Buddy Holly movie. Oh yeah. With Gary Busey. Remember that Buddy Holly and The Crickets and Gary Busey. Oh, it was great. That was a great flick. No, I brought the Triple D Camaro. That's, I brought it, I drove it over. What is the Triple D Camaro? 68 Camaro. Oh, nice. It's a 68 Camaro on an LT four. So it's basically a 2022 Corvette with a 68 body on it. I Mean. Oh, Okay. I made two of, I've had a few different cars inside of the show. Did you take like the, the new Camaro and cut the body panels off and put the new ones on?


Took the old 68. There it is. Oh nice. That's me driving it out too. So we just made that car. I made two of them. No, that's not, that's not the picture of that. But it is that car. So we made two of them. I had that one for the longest time. So You put a different chassis in it and everything? Yeah, Detroit racing's. Oh, Okay, great. Chas great. But it's, I mean, it's just a monster. LT four Trem make five speed. It's just, but my boys were sitting there. That's What I like. Rest ho mods. Oh, I don't wanna drive something with drum brakes. It doesn't stop. Those are stupid. Well, it's so funny to think I have a band. I have a, a TransAm and you know, bandit car and it's great and I love it And it's a great car. But you and you, you drive it and it's so nostalgic to drive And it feels so good And it doesn't rattle And it all that.


But boy, you know, my assistant's ca Camry can, you know, dust? You can probably take it from the line. Oh yeah. Model three will leave you in the dust. The Tesla, Those Teslas are fastest. Shit. Yeah, that's, I mean as far as p pure performance, there's nothing like those things. Everything else is stupid. But I, oh, is this what it is? I mean This real, nothing of official has been announced about this Celica Damn Hundred horsepower. Six six speed manual transmission. Oh, that's Forbes dude. Click on Forbes. It's not showing up as every, I've tried to click on it a million times. I'm only getting, I have to get the ads out of it. And then there's no pictures that Show up.


Well the one below, it looks like that one that says 2025, that looks like a dark horse Mustang. That doesn't even look like a Toyota. Yes. Most of these are all like, I think AI generated pictures. Yeah, there's a lot of that. There's a lot of those. Isn't that weirdo? Yeah. Could go on and you can I fell for the Scarface two movie. Oh, Did you? Yeah. There was something going on. Maybe I had a couple shots of Santos drinking a little bit, but I was like, Scarface too. And they did this whole AI thing and I'm like, No. What I've been loving is little people. Little three Theo v's. A baby. What's that? The babies. Oh yeah. Theo V is a babies are my absolutely favorite. They're the AI babies. They take like podcast clips and have babies Do it.


The things we were just having a security discussion the other day about, you know, having so many words of mine on the internet or on TV or whatever. And then someone could put together a whole sentence And you know, the security person said, You know, what would you do if they sent a message to your wife and made it sound like you, I travel a lot. I mean, you know, so and so, And you know, I need such, I'm in, I'm in Mexico and I need a hundred thousand bucks. I'm, you know, locked up. What would you guys do? You know? And I'm like, I that's a real thing. Like no, that is a real thing. They're starting to extort money from people And you know, granted they're usually doing it to older people and so forth, but it's a real, this AI threat's real Thing. Yeah. That's one of the real things.


Yeah. We we're gonna encounter a lot of unprecedented challenges to reality over the next few years. And there's nothing you can do about it. I mean, they're, they're gonna try to figure out ways to stop it while it's happening. But, you know, technology, I think They're farther ahead of us. Yeah. The talk technology is just, it's reality. Bending technology. You could essentially, right now, just from the podcast that you and I have had so far us talking, you could have us say anything forever. We, we, they could do podcasts where you and I discuss fucking computer chips, the construction of them and, and, and, and, and have conversations about nuanced details of the technology that we don't understand.


And it could be anything, A big foreign policy. You can talk about anything And it would all be AI generated and no one would be able to tell you. I there's, there's a whole scary podcast out there of me talking to Steve Jobs. I never met Steve Jobs. No Shit. No. There's a whole podcast. Not no shit. You didn't mean Steve Jobs. No shit there. There's no shit on both of, I think it's like a 45 minute podcast of me and Steve Jobs having a conversation. I never met him. That's crazy. Yeah, they could do anything with your voice man. And it's like a little weird. Like you can kind of tell it's fake for but this is like rem or imagine if you go back like just a few years ago the AI generated deep fakes of celebrities were super obvious and now they're not obvious at all.


Remember the Tom Cruise one? That was the one that was No, that was interesting. Yeah. Yeah. That was one the first one I ever saw. No, it it's, and we're just on the cusp of it. I think it's even deeper and more convoluted, more screwed up than we know. But it's going to become something we're gonna have to face because they're just, they're so far ahead of our legislation that's even interested in trying to control it. I don't even think they even know what to control. Yeah, it's scary shit. It is. But it's also like, what is reality going to be? Because what you're seeing right now is just a visual representation of what AI can do. But what about once it starts being able to recreate experiences because that's coming. I mean, whether it's 20 years or 50 years, there's gonna come a time.


If you stay alive long enough where you're not gonna have to experience things, you're gonna be able to sit down And, you know, just like the Matrix. It's just gonna plug you in and you're gonna experience something. Okay. Okay. We're a little bit of the same age. Do you not trip out that Dick Tracy had a square watch? It looked like an Apple watch. It's kind of crazy. Okay. Yeah. So we would talk to it and everybody's like, that's nuts. He's Talking to his watch. Right. Okay. So did we, alright, this is like, we should be drinking or smoking. Something should be going on. What happened? Did, did Apple just, did we influence enough Apple people that they just decided to make it a square watch and make it look like Dick Tracy's watch? Or did the Dick Tracy thing, did we already make the watch and did somebody go back Back and I mean, did you ever sit there and trip on shit Like that?


I definitely don't. You don't. Not about that. I think Square, square matrix is just a normal No si. It's a normal shape for a frame. Not a watch You talk into though. Yeah, but it's just a screen Star Trek. It's just a tiny screen. Yeah. But the Star Trek thing was a fucking walkie talkie Kirk out and they'd hang up. But Then we made the start deck. Yeah. But that was also, you know, life imitating art. I don't Know. It's not art imitating Art, but I, so okay, well we'll go back to Matrix then. 'cause I think of the Matrix things all the time. Like how the, how real, how possible is that? We used to watch that cartoon. There was a movie my kid watched when he was little about the people that all went and lived.


It wasn't too long, it was maybe 10, 15 years ago about the people all lived in the spaceship and the little robot and the plant grew and everybody was heavy set. Nobody walked. They were all in space. What is it called? Wally? Was it Wally at the Little Robot thing? Oh, the movie. Yeah. Yeah. The Movie Thing. The Pixar movie. Yeah. Yeah. And You said there, look at that stuff and you're like, wow. Yeah. That's what's really happening. Okay, so you didn't buy my Dick Tracy idea. But I think that the, the other stuff is, I know well When you think about where this is all headed, there's only a few different directions that one could go to. And simulated reality is a big one. I think that's inevitable.


Like, 'cause I think you're gonna get more sedentary people, more people that are very uncomfortable with their own lives and wanna live a different life. And then you're gonna be able to have experiences. Just like when kids play Call of Duty all day long, like what are they doing? They're, they're playing war with zero consequences where they're able to kill people with zero consequences, get killed, respond. And they're doing it all day long just for the experience. Well what, what happens when that experience is, is far more vivid. You're feeling things. You feel gravity, you feel your feet feel the concrete underneath you and the gravel you're stepping on. They're gonna be able to recreate all that stuff.


Whether they do it with an implant or whether they do with a helmet that you wear that sort of interacts with your brain, sends signals into your visual cortex and recreates experiences. It's coming. You're taking this way past my dick Tracy wa thing. Yeah. Look at this robot dancing. Oh, I saw this yesterday. Yeah. Look at this dancing robot. It looks so Weird. It's so weird. Because they're moving like a human moves and then eventually they're gonna realize this human design kind of sucks. Let's, let's make something that's better than a human. She One where the robot whacked out. The AI robot went crazy Or they were trying To stop it. Oh yeah. China. Yeah. Like FLA started Flailing on everybody. Yeah. Yeah.


Well it's gonna be powered by AI and AI's not gonna probably have the best opinion of us. 'cause a lot of us are annoying. Deep shit. Yeah, It's weird. We were talking about food and cars and went the Yeah, That's deep. It's a weird time. It's a weird time for change because we're like riding this technological wave and we don't know when it's gonna break and where it's gonna break. What's gonna happen? Are we Carting horse? Are we horse and buggy and automobile? I mean, is that the, is that the energy or that the space that we're in? Think about all those people that were in that era. Yeah, But those buggies are shit. They went 45 miles an hour top speed. It was Pretty amazing for somebody that didn't.


Yeah. There's no horse at the end of it. That's true. And it's driving you down the road. It's, what's that noise? What's that pop? You know What I'm getting at is I think that the change is gonna be way more radical than just going from a horse to a Yeah to a model TI think it's gonna be, we're not, you know, there's a lot of people that believe we're already in a simulation and not a lot of people like kooks and people with schizophrenia, but like actual real scientists, including Elon. He said that the odds of us not being in a simulation are in the billions. 'cause the idea is that if technology increases one day there will be a simulation that will be so good.


You will not be able to distinguish whether or not it's real. And so then the question is, when will you know whether that's taken place and has that already taken place?


This episode is brought to you by Montana Knife Company makers of the best, most sought after knives out there. The company is founded by my friend Josh Smith. He's been making knives since he was 11 years old and became a master bladesmith at just 19, which is wild 'cause there's only about 140 to 150 master bladesmiths in the world. Plus these knives are made right here in the USA, right in Montana. And they're designed, tested, and built by hunters. For hunters. I've been loving the Magna Cut Blackfoot 2.0. When Master Blade Smith, my friend Josh Smith, launched Montana Knife Company. He set out to create the ultimate do it all knife, small and light enough to pack on a goat hunt, durable enough to completely field dress a moose and shape to gut cape skin and de-bone with ease. He called this flagship knife the Blackfoot, And it remains his go-to blade. And I love it as well. It's truly the only hunting knife you'll ever need. Although MKC is still a young company, the demand is already crazy. Literally every time they drop a batch, they sell out in minutes. So if you want to be the first to know, sign up for SMS alerts for exclusive knife drops and their email newsletter to get notified about restocks. Or go to Montana knife company.com and see what's available.


Now this episode is brought to you by Paleo Valley. Paleo Valley meat sticks are the perfect protein snack made with 100% grass fed beef, pasture age chicken, pork, and venison. And coming in nine delicious flavors. Paleo Valleys are also naturally fermented with zero preservatives and have a shelf life of one year, even longer if refrigerated. Plus they're sourced from small regenerative American family farms with over 35 million sold and a 60 day, 100% money back guarantee. Paleo Valley stands by their quality. Visit Paleo valley.com/rogan and use the promo code Rogan to get 20% off your first order.


The matrix. Yeah. Essentially what the matrix was similar, but that's that same thing I was saying about Dick Tracy. Watch when, where did that come from? I mean, that was the Dick Tracy watch. Seems kind of obvious it's a square. Yeah, but I'm just still saying that like a tv, your TV's a square. Most watches were round and all of a sudden it became a square. I don't know. Anyhow, not to get stuck on that. Well It's 'cause it's crazy. He's sci-fi Look, it's a square. Like look at the Jetsons. But I go back to the thing with the somebody, I mean you were talking about people doing drugs and designing cars who sat around and said, okay, let's make up this movie where you take the pill. When you're in the system, you're out of the system or plugging in the back of the head. You grow energy. You, you are the energy source now.


Like we use cows for, you know, grinding grain. Are we gonna become that? And so forth. You think about it, I go, when, what was that matrix 20 years ago? 25 years ago At least. That's pretty advanced. The Matrix is in the nineties, right? What year was that, Jamie? Nine, five. No, No, it was not 99. I was nine. Nine. But still, Yeah. What we Also, we can look at and go, make sense. March 31st, Nine, nine. I'm sure they wrote it even earlier than that. So Yeah. And back then no one had any, I mean we, so if you're dealing with 99, that's the infancy of the internet itself, you know? Right. The internet. It's Pretty big thinking. Yeah. I stumbled across this when we were talking about something the other day. This guy wrote a book in 1960 called The Man Computer Symbiosis, which is a very early idea of what the matrix, I Think kind of a concept of a human computer collaboration.


And this is 1960 where computers would augment human capabilities and decision making and complex tasks. This vision involved computers facilitating both the solution of formulated problems and the formulation of problems themselves. Essentially creating a partnership where humans and computers could work together more efficient or more effectively than either could alone. Well, that's happening right now. That's already happening. 1960. Yeah, that's real. What was the guy's name? Lighter. JCR Lick Lighter. Strange. Name the name. Mr. Licklider. Yeah. Man. Computer symbiosis. Look at that guy.


Look at him. He looks like the type of guy would think I'm shit like that. Oh, that's a better picture. Lick lighter. Looks like he'd be trolling for prostitutes too. Just saying. I mean, maybe he did. Of course he didn't. I'm sure he didn't. It looks like one of those guys. It's just a, it's a very tumultuous time because the change is coming so fast and no one knows what to do with it. You know, and they, there's not enough laws to really stop it. And even if you did have the laws, China's not gonna stop. Russia's not gonna stop Things. And who, who do you go to for an answer? I mean, it's like, there's so many people that are so susceptible to it and it's just free will.


I mean, it's just, it's out there and people don't even know how to harness it or even understand what they're getting duped into or whatever the case may be. It's like the things that people are putting on the internet And it lives in perpetuity. I mean, it's not going anywhere. Well this is all surface level stuff. The really crazy stuff is control of the power grid, alternative technology, alternative power sources. Like it's, it's gonna get very, very, very strange. Yeah. Inside of our lifetime. But people are always gonna need food, bro. You know, AI's not gonna make you a yummy sandwich. Give 'em time. You think? Nah, I Don't, you know, I Know there's something about handmade things that people are always gonna enjoy.


Human beings know that someone, it's like when you go to a nice restaurant, you have a nice meal. One of the things you know is that a person did this, it's part of it. Like, damn, they nailed it. You know, when you're eating a perfectly cooked steak, like, oh this guy nailed this. You know? Well it's listening to, it's depends on your kind of music, but listening to music when somebody's up there riffing a guitar versus somebody making a guitar, making a guitar sound. Oh Yeah, for sure. Yeah. You're experiencing the person performing. Like you're watching someone up there jamming. You know, I think the big thing in food, like one of my positions on it, and I always tell people, you know, like, oh, you're the guy that does that show about deep fried cheeseburgers and pizza that I'm like, no, no, you don't watch the show enough if that's what you think.


'cause I'm super opinionated about, not opinionated, but I have a real responsibility I think, to show the profile of food in the world or you know, in the United States. And we've gotta get our shit straight about what we're eating. We're just, we can't eat this con this processed food. I mean, processed food is, you're not eating it. I mean, we gotta eat the basics and eat great food and eat great food made correctly. But something that was made a long time ago, don't get me wrong, there's a place for everything. There's a place for fast food, there's a place for, you know, things that are pre-made and so forth. But it can't be all of one thing. But people need to eat better. And you know, you being a hunter and myself, I talk to people all about it all the time.


You know, this is a reality that if you eat things that are modified, I'm not saying genetically modified doesn't have a place, but it can't be all the same stuff. And if we don't watch it, we're gonna get ourselves in some deep shit. And we're already in deep shit cancer's, you know, where's the heart attack? Where's the, where's the stuff that was plaguing us? And there's so many generations and now this cancer thing, I lost my sister to cancer, I lost my dad to cancer. Have my run into more people on a daily basis that are, you know, stricken with cancer. And I think food has a, you know, the type of food and what's put on the food has a big, big play. So It's definitely a factor. There's a lot of factors. There's environmental factors, just toxins, herbicides, pesticides.


There's a lot of different factors. I was just reading this thing about golf courses that if, or watching a video rather on golf courses that if you live within a certain radius of a golf course, you're, you have a much higher possibility of getting Parkinson's disease. Oh shit. Yeah. Oh here it is. Parkinson's risk. Higher for those living close to a golf course. What does it say? 126%. Yeah. Wow. So I found people living within one mile of a golf course have 126% higher risk of developing, developing what happened.


126% higher risk of developing Parkinson's disease compared to living more than six miles away. Said co co-author Dr. Ray Dorsey, a neurologist and the director of the center of for the brain and the environment at Atria Health and Research Institute in New York. This isn't the first study that links Parkinson's disease with pesticides. This just adds additional evidence that this isn't just happening among farmers. This is happening to people living in suburban areas that have an increased risk of getting Parkinson's disease simply because of where they live. That's crazy. But they're not the ones to bring the pesticides. It's like secondhand smoke. They're just basically breathing it in or consuming it in the water that they're drinking.


I met a guy once that he had bone cancer and he had to have one of his bones in his legs replaced with a rod. And he said that there's a a, an enormous percentage of people in his neighborhood that had bone cancer and all kinds of different cancers. And it was all linked to this golf course. The runoff from the golf course had gotten into the water table and the water supply of all these people. Yeah, it's dangerous. And that shit's not even legal in a lot of countries. That's what's crazy. That's glyphosate. And that is not, I think they're leaking this golf course thing to glyphosate as well, aren't they? It's just pesticides in general. I haven't, I'm leaving looking at now since there's like a, this is a contentious new study, which obviously it would be, but I'm trying to see what the contention is or why, You know, what's spooky man is like, there's a lot of rich folks live on golf courses and they think like, Hey what a great life and are you opening, I wonder what, how many more of those fuckers are getting Parkinson's disease because of that scary shit, man.


You think about the other countries, we don't talk about a lot in our country, but what they ban in other countries of our products. Oh yeah. And just how they're holding the line. I remember when I lived in France, it was, I lived right outside of Paris in a town called Shunti. We'd call it Chantilly, where it's a term Chantilly la Chantilly cream that comes from, but I remember I was there, I was 16 and I wrote my parents and I'm like, food just tastes different here. I mean, I don't care if it's a steak and a potato, it just tastes different. I mean like it because It's grass fed steak. It was, Yeah. They don't have grain fed steak over there. I, I noticed that the first time I went to Australia, I had a steak. I'm like, this tastes like game.


Ooh crazy. It was, everything tastes and we didn't have, it's funny 'cause we go to school, the lunch that we had at school was the, because I lived in this kind of, this boarding house. I rented a room from this family. They, and they were terrible cooks. I didn't think you'd go to France. Everybody cooked good. But anyhow, I, I went to high school. I looked forward to lunch at school. It was the best school lunch in the world. You'd sit at a table like this, there were eight kids and they would come by with a cart and they'd put down a hotel pan full of, you know, the whatever, vegetable, whatever starch, whatever meat. And we'd sit there and we had all the french bread we could eat. And it was just like, I looked forward to it so much. It was such great food and I just never got it. Well, and then I got older and started cooking and I kinda went, oh really?


So that, the funny thing was I went back to France 25, 30 years later. Took my oldest son Hunter with me. We did a whole tour through Europe. When he graduated high school. I took him to seven countries in 14 cities in 30 days. And we did this whole tour of where food came from. But I took him back to Shte and I went to the grocery store. 'cause my, my best friend from school still lived there. And I walked into the grocery store and what had been a grocery store full of huge aisles of fresh produce and breads and everything you can imagine was now just freezer, freezer, freezer, freezer, freezer, freezer. Really. And I said to Vince, I go, his name is ol.


I said, ol what? What? And he's like, gonna be more like Americans. That was his, you know, kind of joking. But it had changed so dramatically. I was like, this is like not, it was shattering. Yeah. I think fresh food is really the only thing that people are supposed to be actually eating all the time. Real food. It's, I mean the more that you can get to a farmer's market, the more that you can have relationships with ranchers and, and people that actually provide your food, the healthier you're going to be. And the further you get away from the source, the more you're gonna have preservatives, the more you're gonna have processed food, stay away from the inside of the supermarket. All that stuff on the inside.


I mean, there's condiments and stuff, but most of it's bullshit. The outside Vegetables, Meats, eggs, all that stuff that's on the outside, all that refrigerated area on the outside, that that's all you're supposed to be actually eating all that stuff that's in the middle is just fucking your life up for the most part. Obviously it's a generalization. Plenty of good stuff in the middle. Yeah. And I think that there is, but circumstances, not everybody has the same budget and so forth. But I do believe that the reality of it is, is education is a big thing. You know, education for people about what to do with real food and how to handle it and so forth. And you know, I remember Home ec was a great class and when I was a sophomore in high school, home ec, I took home ec And it was, you know, almost all girls.


But I was in it 'cause I wanted to, you know, see what the, I didn't wanna sew, but I did wanna learn, you know, how to make a blackberry pie. And I just think those simple fundamentals should still be something that are taught in schools. Like just how to make a roasted chicken. Yeah. Like give him six months of roasting chicken. You know, how do you cook a potato? You know, just the basics. 'cause there's a lot of people that, you know, my son included my, my son Ry, you know, we did a, we did a crash course. I always made him cook with me in the kitchen. But it was usually begrudgingly, you know, he'd make things that he'd like to make pizza, let's make pizza, you know, tacos. But even that little thing like how to see a steak, you know, what's done, what's not done, what's overeat, what's done, you know, those things.


We, we we're missing that, you know. So you said go to AI food, I mean scary shit. Yeah, we've been bamboozled, you know, and corporations, you know, the same corporations that used to, well still do own tobacco companies, bought out all these big processed food corporations and then they start, I mean this is something that RFK Juniors talked in depth about. And then they started using the same tactics to get people hooked on these processed foods. And these processed foods are essentially designed to make them incredibly addictive. And they're cheap and people just consume them en mass. And it becomes a, a large percentage of the calories you take in.


It's gonna take a long time for people to adjust and switch away from that because it's easy to destroy something. It's very hard to rebuild. And they've kind of destroyed our health. And, But it goes hand in hand because when you start thinking about, you know, this cancer thing and how devastating it's, I mean we can't really solve this, you know, and then you listen to the, some other sides that'll say, you know, big business. Yeah. You don't, you don't make money securing people. You know that that's, it's one and done. It's over. You know, I don't know. It it, it weirds me out. But I think that we have, you know, you just got such a mass massive platform and I talk, you know, you heard my little pitch there at the beginning of Food network, real food for real people.


I'm not saying these restaurants, I should on triple D you should go eat every single day because not every one of them is, you know, always the healthiest situation. I think you need to have a good balance between things. But it's okay to have indulgence. It's okay to, sure. You know, the, it's okay to have your, have A tweak every now then Have your pizza, you know, your pizza experience. But we just need to get back to some balance of it. 'cause we're imbalance is my, yeah. Is my feeling. But then again, you're always gonna have bad examples that are good for people to realize. I don't wanna live like that guy's living. You wanna see someone who's like morbidly obese, terrible diet. Right. No enthusiasm for life because they're, they're poisoned, you know?


And you, and then you see a guy who's like super healthy and exercising all the time. He's got tons of energy and like, that's what I like. Like you need to see bad examples too. It's part of the human experience. Moderation is my favorite thing that I talk about. You know, I got into, I know about three or four years ago got into cold plunge and Thank you by the way. You're a great advocate and you're a great, you, you were a great inspiration on it. I started doing it and then everybody would tell me that you're doing it. So I listened to what some of the things you I do it in the morning, it great. And just like you said, it is, it's a life changer. It it, some mornings it sucks. I mean like, I really have to force myself. It sucks every day I'm going into this, this is bullshit, you know? Yeah. Okay, I'll just get through five minutes and I'm good.


You know, I'll just listen to Paul Harvey. I listen to Paul Harvey in the morning. That's My favorite. Really? Paul Harvey. Why Paul Harvey? The rest of the story. Why Paul Harvey? 'cause I love history and I love to learn the little nuances of how things came about. And it was something reminds me of my childhood. You know, we'd listened to it in in shop class when I was in high school. And it was always that quick little in-between break, you know, they, it was syndicated pretty. I know interesting guy. There's a whole bunch out there. Oh, he Was great too. Paul Harvey Was great music too. I had my set of music that I listen to that I know this is, I'm gonna do a 10 minute plunge or 12 minute plunge, you know, depending on the song.


And if I can keep myself out of it because as soon as I start worrying about it, like thinking I'm cold, but I don't do it year temperature. You do a crazy tempera. I do like 38, 39. You I heard you're Like in the I do whatever. No, I heard you're in the 30 threes. Yeah. It's fucking, That's Nuts. It's no different. It's just cold. It's just cold. I have friends. It's no different Friends. I was telling your buddies earlier, so I have friends that'll come and do it. I started with my cold punch. I started with watering trough and put ice in it. So that was the way I started. You know, you get that little thermal berry around you, it's awesome. Yeah. Okay. And then you have, you know, you gotta move or something. Okay, you move now you're cool. Then I went to a freezer and built one out of a freezer. Oh. Like a, like one of them big game freezers.


Yeah. Big Westing house or whatever it was. Freezer little filter in it. Had a little thermostat. You'd plug the freezer into the thermostat and then the thermostat into the wall. And then it would, and then you put a pl little temperature in there And it would regulate itself. So it didn't turn into a block of ice. But every time I got in I had to unplug it because they're not ul rated rated for humans to be in them, you know, with full Water. Right, right. So then a buddy of mine, this guy Jamie Week, sent me one, sent me one from Sweat house, his company. And then I got in real cold punch. Well that water circulates. That's a game. What difference is like a blue cube? Like blue cube is one we have out here. That one you can turn into a raging river.


You, it's got different whoa. Really selections. So you can have like a little, if you get in it normal, it's just a slow, steady circulation. Not, not, not nothing crazy. Right. But You can click that bitch one or two and at two it's that motherfucker's a raging river. It's Just rolling On you. And it's hard to do a minute. And that bitch, it's hard to do a minute because you Do get that little thermal barrier. Yeah. There's no barrier in the Blue Cube. No, this one is called plunge. They're outta Sacramento. These guys great, great tub. Comfortable. The Thing, the thing about it is like, I don't know what the benefit is other than it's sucking more. I think your body temperature stays the same because it's like, just by, I guess you don't feel as bad because your body like in a regular cold plunge.


'cause your body develops that thermal barrier, but you're still cold as shit and you get all the benefits. I don't think you have to suffer through that Raging River thing. But if you want the mental benefits, the be the benefits of overcoming adversity and the ability to just force yourself to do something that's intolerable, then I would recommend doing that. If you're one of those people that really enjoys torturing themselves, get a blue Cube, I, I push people on this and so they'll get, I was telling you guys, so a buddy come over and I'm not doing it, I'm doing it. I just do one minute. If you do one minute, I'll get off it. I I'll quit busting your balls about it, about you being, you know, okay. Get in there. So then I'll start talking to 'em. Okay, I got time. We're going. And they'll go, okay, what, you know, talk about this and Oh, I'm freeze my ass off.


Okay. Gimme your favorite song. What's favorite song? And then I'll look the song up. Take my time. Hank Williams Country Boy Can't Survive. Okay. Okay. Ready? I'm gonna play it for you. You, you're doing good. You got you. Just a few more. You got Like three more seconds. It's already been two minutes. Play. Country Boy Can't Survive. Okay. How many of the words do you know to this song? Oh, all right. No, besides the hook. What do you know of the song? Okay. You know, I'll sit there and just mess with them. They'll go four minutes and I'll say, okay. And stop. They go, that was a minute. Bullshit. That song's over. That's, and I'm like, I was like five and a half minutes. You see, you know, voice. It's mental. It is mental. Yeah, it's mental. If you can distract yourself, it's, it's, that's Why Paul Harvey. Yeah, well that's why watching a movie while you're on a treadmill is a total cheat code.


Because if you can get like an iPad and put earplugs on and watch a movie, you'll get absorbed in the movie. You won't even thinking about the fact that you're running, You know what? I Watch What? Ridiculousness. Oh, that's a good thing to watch. I fucking love It. Yeah, I love ridiculousness. I went on there. I, to me, dear Dick's comments are the funniest steel brim, all those guys, they've cracked me up And, you know, except for having to fight through a commercial here and there. 'cause I don't remind you that you're still on the elliptical. Are you a treadmill guy or elliptical guy? I don't do either of those. Yeah, generally. I mean, sometimes I'll do a, a treadmill with like a weighted pack on. I'll do like Who do you use for weight pack?


What do I use? Yeah. Outdoors Men's. It's a good book. It's a pack that has a post on the back of it. So I can actually put like big plates on it. Yeah, that's fun. Yeah. What kind Of weight are you talking? Mostly when I go for long walks I just put 45 on. So the pack is probably five pounds. And then the 45 pound plate. And then I take the dog out. But if I'm doing hardcore workouts, I'll put 90 on it. So I'll put two plates. And then there's a great machine called, see if you can find it, Jamie. It's called the, I think it's called the Hit sled. And you, it's like you do a farmer's carry.


So it has plate posts on either side and you lift it up and it's at an angle. So as you're walking, you're carrying, you're walking up Until, so one you step inside Of No. Okay. No, no, no. You just, it's just a treadmill. It's like a treadmill that's at an angle. That's it. What is it called? Jamie? Hit Hit? Yeah, the hit male X, that motherfucker. Oh that. It's a whole unit itself. That motherfucker's the shit. That thing is the shit. And it sets, is that the tensioner in the front? Well, so you've got this, you got the ability to adjust incline, I think. Is that a just incline or is it static? Either way. Whatever that incline is. And then you have those weight posts on the side.


So you're lifting weight up and you're carrying weight. So that guy's got 45 on each side. So he is carrying 90 pounds while you're walking uphill and woo. That'll get you in some shape. Woo, baby. That'll get you in some shape. Ass kicker. Yeah. What do you cook Mostly meat. Mostly what I eat is meat. That's like 90% of my diet. Meat and eggs. What's the, what's your cheat, what's your like indulgent, Cheat. My daughter is a really good chef. Not a good chef. A good baker. She's great at cookies. She makes some, she fucking, every time she's cooking I'm like, God, damnit, I'm Leaving.


She's making me some cookies. She's really good though. They're really legit. Like she made these cookies, like these peanut butter, chocolate chip cookies with Nutella. Woo. They're good. I Now can You do just one or two or do you house The plate? Well, I work out a lot. So I, I allow myself to eat like a pig every now and then. But like for me, cheat food is always either Italian or Mexican. I love, I love good Mexican food. I love good Italian food. I just love if I'm gonna pig out and I'm gonna eat something that I know is just for mouth pleasure, it's probably gonna be Mexican or Italian carbs. Oh yeah. Oh yeah.


So addictive. Yeah. I find the more I stay away from 'em, the less addicted I am to 'em. Oh for sure. Yeah. And then as soon as I have 'em, I find myself gravitating right back in there. Back into, you know, I look forward to going New York just for Italian food because like Austin is great for barbecue and steaks and Tex-Mex Mexican food's great here. There's a lot of great food in Austin, but there's not a lot of legitimate Italian spots. Like there was in la. LA had some legit Italian spots. Chicago Chicago's got great Italian food. My favorite New York though is one Of my favorite food cities in Chicago. East coast Italian food to me there's nothing like it. Yeah, it's like, that's, that's it.


That's the epicenter for me. Like old school, east Coast Italian sandwiches and pasta and pizza. Whoa. And there's something about walking into a deli.


This Episode is brought to you by Paleo Valley. Alright, let's talk about snacks for a second. You know how hard it is to find something that's actually good for you but doesn't taste like cardboard. That's why I'm stoked about Paleo Valley's 100% grass fed beef sticks. They're the perfect on theose snack. Whether you're traveling, hiking, or just slammed at work, just toss 'em in your bag and you're set. But here's the thing, not all beef sticks are created equal. A lot of big brands use nasty stuff like citric acid, lactic acid as preservatives, paleovalley. They use old world fermentation. No chemicals, no junk. Plus it's good for your gut. They've sold over 55 million sticks. And if you don't love them, there's a 60 day money back guarantee. And right now get 20% off at paleovalley.com/rogan with the code Rogan. These are next level paleovalley.com/rogan.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. Summer is around the corner. And I don't know about you all, but I have lots of plans. Camping, beach excursions, cross country road trips. It's always nice to get outta the house and enjoy the sun and open air. What's not so fun is leaving your home unprotected for days on end. You've got valuable stuff there. Personal documents, family heirlooms, all your tech protect whatever you need while you're away was SimpliSafe. And I'm not saying that SimpliSafe has been named the best home security system by US News and World Report five years in a row. It's also been ranked number one in customer service among home security providers by Newsweek and USA today. Probably because SimpliSafe will go above and beyond to keep you and your family safe. They have professional monitoring agents that can help watch over your home when you can't. Plus their technology is state of the art, helping to capture anything suspicious on or around your property. Check them out. SimpliSafe has plans that start at around a dollar a day. And right now get 50% off your new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and your first month free. Just go to simplisafe.com/rogan. That's simplisafe.com/rogan for 50% off and your first month free. There's no safe like SimpliSafe


In Rhode Island and New York, whatever. It just smells different. The floor creeks, they're fresh cut and the slices, the whole people Are fired up. They're so excited to get that fucking sandwich. Their fucking sandwich. The meatballs taste different. The, yeah, yeah. No, the whole thing. So Federal Hill in, in Rhode Island is a real famous Italian, but I've shot shows up there a couple times, but it's not too far from where my wife's family lived. And I just remember going up there and going to the delis and getting those cherry pepper stuff with prosciutto and provolone and just, you know, I'll take six of 'em and then I'll take 18 to go. I would, I would, I would always, you know, bring them all back to California. Just can't find anything like it. You Know what else I miss on the east coast that you don't really get out here as a legit Jewish deli, like a cat's deli.


Like someone needs to figure out a way to do something like that here, where you can get like a legit pastrami Reuben. Like a real one, you Know? But the question I have about that, that's what people ask me all the time. When I first started Triple D, you could only get true Tex-Mex or great Mexican food. Really? In this Texas, Arizona, Nevada, California, down in this pocket. But I will say that now I'm starting to find, because typically it's the people migrating to these different areas. I went to a Mex, I went to a Mexican joint on Triple D in Minneapolis, And it's a Mexican market, Illa. It's the whole thing. And it was better than 85% of the joints that I've tried in this regions I was just talking about.


So I'm starting to find this better. Cross pollination of foods in different regions where People move. Yeah, Yeah, exactly. Yeah, Mexican. But you gotta have the market. Yes. See the market is the key. 'cause who are they gonna sell it to if people don't get it? 'cause a fatty brisket from cat's deli is just a different, you gotta have the mindset. I've taken people there so many times and like it's this much meat and there's little pieces of bread and I'm eating meat the whole time. I'm like, yeah, it's part of the, It's part of the man. Shut the fuck up. I got a good one for you too. You Ruined it for me. First time I went to Elli, so I'm in there filming Food Network Star. When I had had a day off, my buddy lived in New York. A guy that was on the show with me said, I'm gonna take you to Kat's, tell you love Katz's Instagram.


So I could see some visuals. What is going on? I'm, I'm addicted to their I Instagram page. Fucking sandwiches. No wish, wish you did. So I thought I was gonna bring you food today when I went and did the thing. And I'm like, nah, I'm not taking Joe the vegan food. This, I'm not gonna take this. Yeah, please don't do that. Gonna take the beating. Beating. Don't gimme that. I elk sausage for breakfast. Oh, I love Elk. Look at this. Oh come on baby. Look at Katz's Deli. Look at that. Look at that pastrami. It says keto, keto pastrami. Ruben. Oh my God. I'm eating healthy. How is it keto? No bread. Oh no bread. Oh, they're just giving you the Oh yeah. Oh my goodness. Look at that. Is this supposed be, is this supposed to be torture right now?


Oh, look how good that looks. Oh my God. Is your mouth blowing? Oh, I love Katz's Deli. I do too. I try to go, every time I'm in New York, I, those guys, I see the same fucking dudes that I've been going since I was going there in like the early two thousands. I run into the same guys working there. These guys that have been there for 25, 30 years And they're such good dudes, great guys. And I'll eat more snacks over the counter Give piece by the time I piece to my sandwich. They always do that at cats. They give you a little piece piece and they have a tip jar. And So if people haven't been to cats, when you go into cats, you know, but I'm telling that fucking Sandwich, Man. When you go into cats, they give you a chip. They give you a ticket. Yeah.


You gotta to pay cash. Okay. They give you The don't credit cards, you better have cash. So you pa you pass the ticket over the counter, they mark off what they gave you. So then you take it ticket and you sit down, you eat your food and then when you leave, you go out and you check out with your ticket. So my buddy and I go and I order up, we order up all the stuff I'm paying. So we put it all on my ticket. So we had a bunch of sandwiches, a bunch of beers, you know, we had some. So we're leaving and I turn my ticket in and I pay my bill and they look at my buddy and they say, where's your ticket? And he goes, I didn't get anything. I put on his ticket. I said, no, no, no, you gotta turn your ticket in. And it says right there, lost ticket, you know, 300 bucks or whatever the ticket would be worth if it was all checked off, right.


And I'm like, but he didn't have anything. It's all, you can see it. And they're like, you gotta have your ticket or you pay this. And I'm like, what the, I mean, I'd never been to a place like this. So we go back over to the table where he'd been sitting, well they'd already turned the table and it's all gone and done. And now there's four big construction dudes sitting there, huge in the yellow vest. Hard hats on total New Yorkers. My buddy wasn't from New York. And he goes and we're like, excuse me, fine sirs. Hello. You know, and I don't have the, you know, again, still in the same yellow, yellow jacket bleached tear. And my buddy's standing there and he's from like Iowa. Like, you guys see a ticket and like, what the, you want like get outta here.


You're Interrupting their meal. So yeah, exactly what we're doing. They're on a lunch break, we're looking for a ticket. And he happens. My buddy happens to see the ticket on the floor underneath the biggest guy's boot. Like halfway. Like he's like, ticket's right there. I'm like, I'm not getting the ticket. You're the dumbass who lost the ticket. Get the ticket. So we had, I think we had to buy the guy like, you know, we had to buy him something or pay the tip or whatever for the guy to move his boot. And we got the ticket and we the, oh yeah. It was a tumultuous experience. I go with people now and I'm like, take the ticket, put it in your wallet right now. I'll pay the meal. But just don't lose the ticket. Yeah. You have to be prepared for the experience. 'cause it's not like anything else, but it's the, the bomb. It's worth it. It's worth it.


You get the best fucking corn beef. The best person. The people, the nice people. People and characters in that place. Man. The pastramis off the fucking chain. Epi pastramis. Insane. I get the same thing every time. Just 'cause I, it's so good. I don't wanna switch up. I get epi pastrami Ruben. I'm the exact same way. Incredible pickles. Their pickles are amazing. Swap. Ah. So I love the thing they have on there. You see that one back wall send us salami to a, you know, to a to a sailor. To a sailor. Yeah. Yeah. That whole campaign that was going on still is something that needs to be done. Yeah, it's, well They've been around since the 18 hundreds Such the joint. Such Same spot it's in. But there's a pla there's a thing about places like that where there's just like this deep history.


You feel it when you're in there. You gotta a smile in your face when you walk in the door. 'cause it's just this incredible history. Like you feel like, wow, this place is still around. It's still the same. Let's get up to the counter. Oh, he's chopping it up. Look at that. It's exciting. My mouth, This is like torture my mouth. I'm Doing, I know, that's what I love about going to New York and eating there. I like walking into a pizzeria and smelling everything and seeing the guy pulling the pies out of the oven. Like I love. Yeah. And it's, and they're not always the cleanest. And they're not and they're, and the counters are worn out and the whole thing. Exactly. No, I mean that's, it's part of the charm. If they redid it, it would fuck it up. Yeah. You go, Go remodel And it's Not gonna happen. Oh my God. If you redid Kat's Deli, I'd fucking slap you.


How dare you. How dare you take the, all the pictures of dead celebrities off the wall. Like, you know, that's part of it. The fucking shit. You ever been to Deros over in Brooklyn? No pizza, No Old guy there Cuts the basil with scissors. Oh yeah. I remember standing there and then just looking at the pizza come out And it doesn't look like, I mean it's just next level pizza. You've been to RAOs? No. Where's that at? RAs is in Harlem. It's the Italian joint. We'll call him Uncle Bowl. How you spell R-R-A-O-S. Okay. And it is the old school. I mean this is, this is an Italian joint that you can only get in if you know somebody, you're with somebody tiny little place. Maybe 15 tables. Here it is. Oh, It's right down the corner right There.


1896. Wow. And I tell you, so you tell me when you're in New York next and I'll call my uncle Bo Bo What street is it on? I know It's on, click on New York. What is it? Say what the, what the address is? Yeah. East hundred 14th Street. Wow. When I, the original, the Floors, Harlem floors all slanted. Like if you're sitting at the wrong part of the table, you're, you're, you know, you're sitting having dinner kind of cockeyed like this. Yeah. Everybody's on top of each other. It's all family. It's, it's, it's an experience. Wow. But that's what you talk about. 'cause then I went to s in, in Vegas when they put one in the Caesar in Caesars. Same pictures on the wall, same all that stuff. But it just didn't have, it was good, but it just wasn't that Rails.


There it is. Look at that. That looks amazing. That's the table I sit at right Back there. Another place I fucking love is Peter Luger. Oh yeah. Peter Luger in Brooklyn. Ooh, You being a meat guy. Oh my God. And they bring that steak to your plate and it's covered in butter and it's crackling. Oh, I Don't even eat the sides. I'm not, I mean, everybody else ignore. It's get that right. They just have it down too. Like, it's so consistent. Every time you go to the steak is exactly perfectly cooked. You've been to Jeff Ruby's? Where's that? He's got a Nashville. Louisville. Cincinnati. No, no. Jeff Ruby's a character amongst characters. You gotta, if you ever get a chance to go to one of steakhouse, this guy, they crush steak. I mean, it's some of my favorite steak in the country.


I was just at the Derby and I was at his place and the eating steak and took Taylor, Taylor Sheridan there and they were, they were pretty shit. And they were like, Taylor, you, meat guy. Meat guy. I Just, oh, you're friends with Taylor? Yeah, I was just with him Saturday night. He did the commencement speech at ut. Guy. Guy. Great Guy. I mean, you know, you know Guy. Incredible Speech, man. I mean speech. He fucking killed it. He killed it. Oh, he is. He walks the talk. There's no bullshit about that. Yeah, I love that too. He helped me with a fundraiser. We do. So I do a lot of philanthropy. That's my, you know, being a dad was my biggest job, my biggest responsibility. Husband, restaurateur, chef, all that. But my, my end game is my philanthropy. Philanthropy to me, I mean, I have so much opportunity and there's so many good things coming my way. I try to divert as much of that towards doing it.


So my philanthropy's about first responders, first responders, active military and veterans. But now that I have this program going where we can do things to raise money and it's not just raise money, it's raise the money and then do things with it. Like when the fires happened in LA, we went down with our team. We have a big rescue trailer that's 50 feet long. We can feed about 5,000 a day out of it. And I have a bunch of chef buddies and so they all come and help and we just pump out food for first. Oh, that's awesome. For first responders. But I was doing, we had the fires in Maui and devastation. And I know the fire feeling, 'cause I was up there in hum in northern California, in Sonoma County when we had our bad fires. And so we raised money.


So I got 40 chefs together. We were all in town doing, I do a show called Tournament of Champions. They, they were in town for the tournament and we put on a dinner for 150 people. So I called Taylor and said, Hey, I'm doing this event, you want to come up? And he says, only if I get to cook, you know, we're gonna cook together. So we brought up all these, you know, four sixes, rip these, these tomahawk chops the size of, you know, a manhole cover. And we cooked. And so we sat there and we raised money and we did all these different things like, you know, go to four Sixes Ranch, you can go be, you know, you can go, you know, have a culinary experience with Guy, blah, blah, blah, blah. And in one night we raised 1.7 million with 150 people in the room. That's incredible. And a big part of that was Taylor, I think three of the biggest packages sold were for over a hundred thousand bucks.


To go down to his ranch or to go? No, actually it was to go up to Montana, to Yellowstone to see the filming. Oh wow. He's just that kind of dude man. He that dude everybody, he gives everybody the time. He's, I mean, we're just to the derby, walking around together. Just class act, just love that guy. Yeah. He's a legit. And Then what the, the fuck the shows he's making. I know. I don't know how he can do it. Landman. Well, I don't know how he do does so many shows. I keep finding shows like, this show looks interesting. Terribly Sheridan show. Like what? Lion ass. Yeah. He's got like Landman Two 10 shows that Are, have you watched Landman? Yeah, I love it. I'm a huge Billy Bob fan. Oh. And he's the coolest. He's the best.


I said to him, I go, did you write that for him? I mean, it couldn't be Billy Bob any goddamn better. Yeah. So the one-liners are the best goddamn thing. It's, I, I can't get enough. And it, and I, but I love, I love Kings of I or Kings of Mayor of Kingstown. I thought that was great. That was another one. Remember the starting the first episode, you didn't see that shit coming. Right, right at the beginning. The guy that you thought was gonna be the lead. You didn't think it was gonna be Jerry Spoil alert. No, That is say if you haven't watched it by now, you're missing it. Tough shit. Sorry, I blew up for You. It's another Taylor show. He's got so many shows. It's Like buying Ass that crazy. I just don't understand how he can put together. So 19 23, 18 83 Yellowstone, like, god damn, I think they're doing another one.


I think they're doing like a 1943. I just watched the end of 1923 and cried like a baby. I was bummed that Yellowstone ended the way it did though. Yeah. Circumstances were fucked up outside of the, outside of the show circumstances, you know? Yeah. I don't know what happened. Why would Kevin Costner wanna leave that show? I just don't understand what happened. I was, what I read or what I thought I learned was that he had his own project in his, I'm sure he did. I mean, Kevin Costa's been around for so long. It's probably hard for him to do somebody else's thing for so long too. It was so Good. Yeah, I know. He was perfect in that role too. So Iconic. I know The ending. I mean, even if you're gonna leave, my bummer for it was, my bummer about it was even if you're gonna leave, just, I mean, well I would go out better than in the situation was, I mean, they did it the way they did it.


I'm not cr I'm not discrediting the show by any means, but I'm just saying, I just wanted it to be like the way it was from the beginning. Beginning. It's of sad how They did it, but it was almost kind of like a fuck you, it seemed like to me. From which side. Exactly. I'm not coming back. Well, we thought, yeah, you see how you go. Yeah, Exactly. And Taylor is a little bit, I mean guy, I wouldn't cross him. Yeah. He's Got a little bit of that in him. It's funny, I was telling him about this ranch that I hung out in California and he is like, oh, he's a cowboy at that place. Like he's a legit guy. He's a badass Too. Yeah, he's a good dude too. Solid human being. You know, you're talking To him. He is right there. You know, it's not Yeah. He told me, come, he says, listen, I know what you're doing up there in Northern California.


You've done your fundraiser there a bunch of years. He says, come down and do it. My ranch. He says, I will bring you the people with the money that believe in what you're doing with these first responders and these. 'cause when we don't have disasters, we just go do positive energy, thank yous to different municipalities. We just did one in, in Florida, in south South Florida. We just bring the trailer in, bring a bunch of chefs in, call up the local sheriff, call up the troopers, call up everybody, you know, bring your families if you want. It's free lunch time for you to celebrate and be recognized. You know, we got people walking around the streets that don't understand why our country's free. They don't have any idea what it takes to be a free country. And they don't understand the sacrifice. Not just the sacrifices that the actual individual makes, but the sacrifice the family makes.


Yeah. Now we're not even talking about the loss of somebody. We're talking about just the, you know, being deployed for seven months and not seeing dad for seven months or seeing your husband or your wife or whatever. And I remember I was on the USS enterprise and I was doing a, doing a, you know, philanthropy event. And it was years ago I was cooking for the, the sailors and then a bunch of Marines on there. It's like 5,200 people. And I'm on the line serving this young sailor. And she came through and we, you know, kind of talking for a second and she says, I have four kids. I said, how She wasn't very old. I said, how many? She goes, well, I have a an eight month old baby baby's on the ship.


She goes, no baby's no. I said, how, how could you be away from your child at this age? And she's like, no, it's, you know, I'm deployed. And I'm like, what a commitment. I know. You know, what a commitment to do and the kids without. So I think, I mean, my mantra is we're talking about people pushing things on other people about their beliefs or their opinions and their attitudes. And I said, you know, I kind of divert from all of it. And you know, if you don't wanna like something, don't like it, that's your thing. But I am hell bent on what goes on in this country about how we recognize our veterans and our first responders and our active military. We got, we we got we're missing some pieces. Yeah. We got some people that have made the ultimate commitment, the ultimate sacrifice.


It's like the stolen valor shit. Oh, I'll lose my mind on that. Because that's just crazy people, the commitment that it takes. Yeah, of course. And so we put so much into putting the soldiers and the sailors and all these military folks into these programs and then when they come back, I don't think that we put the same amount of commitment. And I think that we've got a lot of people that need a lot of help for sure. There's, there's a lot of ptsd. TSD there's a lot of shit going on. Yeah. So my interest is I'm not gonna solve that situation. I'm not the one that's gonna be able to, but at least you could recognize and give them some love, recognize, talk about it. We carry challenge coins and ran into one of your guys as a first responder. Also didn't know that he served our country in the military.


Please. When you see somebody in uniform, if you, you see somebody with a Vietnam vet hat, you see somebody that's in, you know, just take a moment. Just say thank you. Thank you. Goes so far. And people think, oh, there's nothing I can do this. No, it means a shit ton to people. Yeah. It's, Sorry, I didn't mean to get on my rant, but I've, it's one of my, that's one of my hardcore issues. That's good. That's a beautiful perspective. 'cause it's, it's, it, especially with first responders and law enforcement in this country, they just don't get any love. It's kind of crazy. Like the, the cops are the bad guys in this country. Like, that's why the, the defund, the police movement was Jesus Christ driving Christ driving me fucking crazy. And like, Jesus, you are, you guys are outta your mind. But We're gonna have a march and we'd like you to be there to keep people from throwing shit at us.


Yeah. What? So here, here's The, isn't that crazy? This is a defund the police march, but we need the police. We need you. So the people that are, again, so when we had the fires in Northern California, I was watching a lot of where they're feeding 'em. It was up in, actually we're up in paradise. It was devastating fire. That was a crazy fire, Joe. I drove through it. I don't know what a, I don't know what the surface of the moon looks like, but I can tell you it was as close to it. 'cause there was nothing standing. There was nothing there. The only thing that didn't burn down was the fire station. I mean, and not because they've defined It. All those people that got stuck on the road, Stuck cars gone. Everything gone bombs. Yeah. I mean it was, it was, it was, I don't know the term, but, so I'm standing there and I'm feeding people.


And I know for a fact 'cause I had just been inside the, I just went to the, the fire. I went and fed people at the fire station. That was the only building standing. And I said, why, why aren't you guys over here eating? We're serving a bunch of food. Nah, it's, you know, stay over here. I said, you guys are fire victims. Your house is burnt down. Yeah. But you know, and you had all kinds of restaurants feeding people and all this stuff. And I'm watching these guys eat granola bars and eat res and I said, come over and get some food then. No, no, no. I said, okay, that's it. Next day. Picked up my trailer, we moved. I said, we only feed first responders. Not that I'm not about the fire victims. I think the fire victims is terrible. But the reality of this, we have a lot of people that we're focusing on the victims and giving them which they need.


But these guys were doing, these men and women weren't going to bed. These, they were doing 72 hour shifts, sleeping in the back of their patrol car. They drove their patrol car up from Riverside and they're up in northern California now. And so that's what's, that's what I changed. I pivoted my whole foundation was when the disasters go down, we're gonna get there and we're gonna focus on the first responders. We were down in LA for 10 days. We've fed 25,000 meals. Now. It's not gonna feed everybody and it's not gonna take care of everything. But there is a point of them being recognized or knowing that we recognized them. And I had so many chefs in LA that showed up and jumped on the trailer and were cooking food and we were almost cooking, you know, 24 hours.


It was, you know, just rolling over and people were so thankful. That's awesome. Yeah. But we all can do these things, you know, we can do these things. We can make, donate. Okay, maybe you don't have the money. Donate the time. Maybe you don't have the time. Do the positive reinforcement on the, on social media. You know, if you don't have the time, you don't have social media, you don't have the money, you don't have the time. Just pat somebody on the back and say thanks. I mean, that's, we really can do, we can do way more. Yeah. And we can make a bigger impact. Well, just as a society, we need to recognize the importance of these people and appreciate them for what they do. And I don't think that that's been accentuated, that's not been, people haven't focused on that. And it, that's a top down thing that comes from the president, that comes from the, the cabinet that comes from the way the, the country perceives these people and the way they award these people.


And you know, the way that our media treats them. You know, the media had a field day after George Floyd with this defund the police stuff. And it's just that, that kind of devastation that does for morale and for recruiting And, you know, just the overall feeling that these people have. Like, why am I doing this job where not only am I not being thanked for it, but I am being thought of as the enemy I Signed up to help people. If I do something, if I do something, I'm not gonna get supported. Right. You know, because I'm gonna get persecuted. Right. And every day you show up, you pull people over, you're worried you're gonna get shot every fucking day.


They all have P-P-T-S-D, every one of 'em. You go pull a buddy of mine's, a fireman. And I didn't really understand, I didn't think about it until he brought it up to me one day and he said, his name's Jay LaVar. And Jay said, you know, you go pull kids out of a car. You go, you go, you go face side and then you go home to your kids. Right. It's horrible. That'll just wreck you up. But I, you know, like I said, I'm so interested in what we can do. And we have so much, we're the greatest country in the world. We're finally riding the ship. We're getting into better space. But gosh, let's start focusing on it. Let's start focusing on the fundamentals that made us the assick name taking center of, you know, that that made us the best.


And we have to start ingrain, we have to start teaching that. I was just talking about, I just did a podcast for the Dale Carnegie Institute. And I, that was a book that changed my life when I was young. When I was come opening Mission, My Monroe Rich. No, what is It? How to Win Friends and End To Win Friends. Yeah. And it talks really about just human nature, about how you treat people and treat people the way you wanna be treated and think before you act and think before you speak or before you light somebody up on a text. You know, kind of, and I was, I was going through this and I said, you know, this is, this is like a course that should be taught at freshman high school. Absolutely. And we should teach civility and we should teach respect and responsibility.


Yeah. We should take, you know, back your mouth, back your mouth up. You know, don't go popping off on, you know, and do these, these things the way we grew up. I mean, I'm not saying that violence is the, the answer, but you, you definitely didn't have people running their mouth like they do now because there was hell to pay at three o'clock, you know? Yeah. That kind of stuff. So I think that we need to get involved in teaching our Young America that they have a, they have a voice, they have an opinion, they have, they, they're very worthwhile. And let's just do it the right way. But I think that Dale Carnegie Institute that, that how to win funds there, they didn't know how many things they do it worldwide. And I just think, I was just telling my sons about it.


I said, you can all expect that you're gonna be going to one of these programs or doing one of these courses. I made 'em all read the book. That's great. You know, it's really, I Mean, people in school get taught how to, I mean, you get taught a lot of information, but I think one of the things that's missing is getting taught how to behave and think and how, how to critically think and how to, how to view the world. The number critical thinking to me is, I mean, even say the term to somebody critical thinking, and they'll look at you and go, but they don't know what it means. But critical thinking is solving situations, is evaluating the environment and, and coming up with, with calculating, it's not taking a risk, it's taking a calculated risk.


You know, there's just so many of those types of things. My dad was a huge critical thing. I mean, he was, so we had a rule when I was a kid. Joe would be driving down the road and my dad would say, what are you thinking? You know, like, you're quiet over there. What are you thinking? One thing I was not allowed to say was nothing. He'd say, God full of shit. What do you think? I mean, got, what are you thinking? I'm saying, well, all there's, it's all grass, but under the telephone pole, there's no grass. And then we would spend the next goddamn hour talking about why there's no grass under the telephone pole.


And Why is there no grass under the telephone pole Fire? You know, the ability to get to the poles, they have to be able to drive to 'em. So you look at it. 'cause like you can go into the wine country, you know, you look at all these mountains that have all these telephone poles going, that if you find roads on top of mountains and so forth, it's usually fire break or access to the, the telephone poles. But we would do this critical thinking thing. And it was so funny, my, my young, my nephew, my sister was dying of cancer and I took him away for the day. And we were driving around in Corvette and we're at the stoplight Manuel Corvette. And I'm sitting there talking to him. Jules, Jules is about nine.


And he says, you know, uncle Wai? He says, I really like talking to you. He says, you're fun to talk to. He says, it's a little bit different than talking to jams. Jams was my dad. He says, I said, what do you mean Jules? And he says, well, you know, you know, sometimes when I ask Jams, you know, like, what time is it? You know, I just wanna know what time it is. I don't wanna know how the clock is made. I slipped the clutch, man, the car burned out. I'm like, Jesus Christ, I don't wanna know how the clock is because that was my dad, man. You'd ask him a question, I'd go, what time would he understand the difference between the analog you, you got a dig? You know, he and my dad would go into this. Yeah. Yeah. He was an old, he was a submariner during Vietnam. He was a piece of Work. Oh really? Yeah. Oh wow.


We just, I lost him right around my birthday year and a half ago. And a pancreatic cancer. But he li he lived for six years with it. He was pretty, you got A lot of cancer in your family. Fuck Sucks man. And I think that, like, I didn't, until you're in that club, the club sucks. But when you meet somebody that is in the fight, the fight for their life telling you, give 'em a hug, give 'em, give 'em a smile, give 'em encouragement. And if they have battled and they have one, recognize them as a, as a warrior, as a survivor. So, you know, especially breast cancer and all these horrible cancers that you know, that, that people are stricken with. There's, we need to have more apathy, more understanding.


And I'll tell you one of the greatest groups of people in the whole world, hospice, you, I don't know how much you know about 'em and what it is, but it is, if you don't have, if you don't understand what hospice does, they are, they're earth angels. They're people that come in when you're battling this. You're watching a loved one die. And they come in and they're the people that help you with the meds and help you with the caregiving and help you. And they're just these incredible, and you don't even know 'em. And they, they come into your life and they leave your life once the cancer's, but they stay, you'll meet 'em on the street again or you'll see something. But hospice is one of the greatest programs we have in this country. I don't even know if it's worldwide, but it is.


Hopefully you don't ever need to know it. It's just shocking. How many people have cancer fucked up. Yeah. I've never been on a podcast where you can cuss. Really? I never been on, I haven't been on any Podcasts. How many podcasts you been on? I don't know. I'm not very Big. Which ones can't you cuss on? I don't Know. I don't, you know, I listen, I come from the food network. We don't do a lot of cussing on food network. But You gimme all fired. I got fired up on my own about this shit. But don't you cuss a normal life. Oh, I got Sailor. Right. Well, Don, most people do. So why, why would they stop people from cussing? I don't underst Understand that I them forever. Could we please bleep just the show Once in a while they say no. 'cause sometimes I'll buy, I'll eat a dish. People say I watch a show. They say, no You can't. Yeah. It's not Really, it doesn't really get it.


I hasn't made it too bad. But it doesn't matter. It's, it's, it does, I think there's Ways it does matter because it's authentic authenticity. It is authenticity. And it is the spike. It is the hammer. It is the, yeah. This dish is so fucking Good. Yeah. Sometimes you're gonna say, this is fucking great. I listen. That's real. I maybe I like Cat's deli. Maybe You're going to inspire me to push this, this Button. I just don't understand why they would not, I mean, if you want to beep it out, that's fine. No, it Has to be, it'd have to be bleeped out that. Yeah. Why even do that though? Eh? They got a lot of kids. Oh, kids watch Last thing we want know because Yeah, Because they don't watch because they can't get, remember when we had a Playboy hidden? You know you had kids now? Yeah. They got hardcore p on the point on their phone Bringing it up in the middle Of school in high school. Yeah, it's in high school.


Kind of nuts. Yeah. Yeah. It's kind of nuts. It's not healthy. I'm sure they're being subjected to some stuff that, I mean, just the amount of murder they see, you know, kids are seeing car accidents and assassinations on, you see on their phone Twitter every day. And things that were very difficult to find when I was a kid. You had to find like faces of death. Remember to Yeah. The monkey in the table. Yeah. Remember renting it. You'd have to, Apparently a lot of that stuff was fake. Oh really? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of the faces of death stuff was fake. But some of it was real. Like the one where they took, took the guy and they tied him between two trucks and they separated his body. Yeah. Good Family.


Fun. Come on over for Friday. Pizza Tonight. Fun. Yeah. Fun. Remember when your kid though, getting the VHS you'd go, you know, ours, we'd have to go get at the liquor store, little town, you know, or you'd go all the way across the bridge and go get it and you'd put your, you know, name down for the reservation to get it and Yeah. You know, get faces of death and your friends would all come over and Yeah. Yeah. Pizza night. Yeah. You'd have to hide those things from your parents. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Now kids just have access to all the horrors of the world on their phone. And then they have to deal with, you know, people DMing them and contacting them. Like who, who are these fucking predators that are reaching out to kids on a daily basis?


They keep arresting people for that. And you keep wanting to think that that's not a thing. There's, and then you keep finding out more and more of it. It's like, fucking a Tim Tebow was just on my Friend. Oh. He just didn't, I just saw That Sean Ryan's show. Yeah, yeah. What it was 110,000. But see we don't do, we don't do anything about it. You know, again, I don't wanna get into Well, You know, the thing to do about it. Oh hey, you know, unfortunately you don't wanna encourage vigilantism. But that's Public square, you mean Maybe Not even pub. Just, you know, it's, the problem is you can't do that because some people are gonna be unjustly accused. It's, it's the unfairly targeted, you know, there's people that you, you don't, you can't just, you have to have due process.


This is, Well Chris Hansen, you ever seen his catch credit or anything? Yes. So I love when they give the recap, you know, I guess that show stopped and now he's doing it on his own or whatever the case is and they give the recap. And thank God he was doing that stuff. I know he opened a lot of people's eyes. 'cause most of us, you know, if you live in a normal neighborhood with normal friends, normal, you don't have, you know, you might have heard a story here and there. Just his real Shit, you know, bringing their kids do it. Yeah. You don't see it every day. Coaches, there's politicians, Attorneys. I know there's some sick people out there, man. And they live amongst us. That's what's fucked up.


And then the Nickelodeon thing, when you find out that people that were actually working for Nickelodeon, pressuring Those kids. Oh God, man. But if you thought, thought about it, like if you were really cynical and you thought about it through an evil mind, if you wanted to abuse kids, what would you do? You would work With kids. Go work at Nickelodeon. Jimmy Savile, that guy in the uk, you know about that guy, right? No. You don't know about that guy? No. Oh my God. He's the worst one with Your eyes. First of all, this guy looked like a guy who had molest kids. He looked like a fucking monster. And he had this show, I think it was called Jimmy Will Fix It. Is that what it was called? Jim will fix it. Jim will fix it.


And he worked with all these like really sick kids. And everybody was like, oh, what a saint. That guy. And that guy was molesting children. Like, who knows how many of them. Oh. So there's a Netflix thing on it. Jimmy Savile, a British Horror Story. Netflix official side. It says, How about getting called to play that guy in a movie? Oh, you can't, that would suck. 'cause it's, it's that guy right there must be playing the guy in the movie. Oh, Must be Jimmy Cogan. Yeah, Jimmy Cogan. I feel bad for Jimmy. 'cause Looks like Steve Cogan. Yeah. Oh my God. Yeah. You don't even want to watch that. I don't even wanna know. But they hid the fact, people knew that this guy was doing these things.


Dust. Well, you look at, at what happened to Poor Boy Scouts. Look at what happened to Poor Boy Scouts. I mean, I was, I was, I didn't make it to Eagle Scout, any of that stuff. But it was a Boy scout. Learned some great stuff. Not any idea that stuff was going on. I don't think anything happened in my troop. I never heard about it. But that's exactly what you're saying. These guys would just go find their avenue. Of course. What's gonna get close to 'em. Right. And then we're gonna start doing it. Yeah. So where is the, remember who was the guy that shot the, the predator, the karate coach that took his kid? Yes. And he waited at the airport. Yeah, Yeah. That famous video. Yeah. Yeah. That guy. Yeah. That's, I mean, Yeah. He's a hero.


That's how to handle it. Yeah. I'm, I I agree a hundred percent. I mean it's just, it's sick, but it's like it, you were a sick person. That's what you would do if you wanted to be around kids. You would pretend that you're really interested in helping kids. Yeah, I was in the Boy Scouts too. Nothing happened to me. And then I was in a good troop and, but I was in Boy Scouts with a bunch of crazy inner city kids. I was living in Jamaica Plain Massachusetts, which is like, kind of sketchy outside of Boston. And they, But that you tough, they brought us to New Hampshire. We were all in the woods and they were fucking tying kids up to their cots and dragging 'em out into the woods in the middle of the night and leaving 'em there.


Like, other kids were doing that and putting toothpaste on all your clothes. 'cause you couldn't wash it off. Like they were just psycho kids. And they gave us 20 twos. That was the other part of the problem. I remember I was hanging out with my friends and I heard, I was like, what is that? And someone goes, that's a ricochet. I was like, fuck this. So like, the entire time I was at camp, all I did was go fishing every day. They had all these activities. I'm like, you guys can kiss my ass. I would grab a fishing rod and go down to the lake. I'm like, I'm just gonna go fishing the entire two weeks. I'm here. Fuck this. There was just too many. But no one was getting fucked. At least it was just mostly kids being just unregulated. I Wonder what a great way to fuck up a great program.


You know, you get these people that get in there and do that stuff. And kids are so, I mean, you have kids, You know, there's always going to be people that are evil. That's shame. And a lot of those people, unfortunately, have had evil imposed on them too, when they were young. And that's the really sad part about it, is it's just like, it's almost like getting bit by a vampire. And then you, you, you know, and then you wind up doing it too. Zombie. Yeah. It's, yeah, it's very evil. And they, they exist. And then there's also like, people that are elites and that's their thing. Like their, their thing is to do something that is horrible And you know, it, it's not available to other people.


So it's like, I think there's, there's like a sickness that people have when they have power, like extreme power. And then they want, what else can I do? What else can I do? What, what else is, what's, what's in, what else is taboo? What else is forbidden? Like all this diddy shit that's coming out. Like, I was just gonna say, doesn't that sound topical? Jesus Christ, I, the first day of the trial, did you pay attention to any of that stuff? I just, I looked at it for like 10 minutes this morning and I was like, I gotta stop. I can't look at this. Well, what I, what freaks me out is the people sitting in the courtroom listening to it. Right? And that's a, there's a wide spectrum of people that are getting subjected to it. And you just sit there and go, Yeah.


Well, not only that, how about the fact that this guy was running this for decades. He was doing this for decades, to who knows how many fucking people. And everybody was scared to talk about it because he'd have him killed. You know? It's really wild, man. There's there evil is a real thing. You know, nobody wants to believe. Because if you believe in the devil, right, if you believe in Satan, you, you, you believe in something that's silly. Like most people believe. A lot of people believe in God. If you ask people, do you believe in God? Yeah. Well, I'm not religious, but I believe in God. Okay, well, do you believe in the devil?


Most people say no, but do you believe in evil acts? Well, yeah. Well, people certainly do evil things. Well, where do you think that comes from? If, if evil is real, what is it about us that makes us want to deny the possibility that there's some nefarious force that is in a, is in human beings that influences human beings. It's not as simple as like, some people are bad, some people are good. You know, may maybe evil is a real element that you have to fight in life. And that maybe this is just something that's been documented all throughout history, but our arrogance and our secular society wants to keep us from recognizing that as an actual factor.


And that's why it gets through. You know, that's like the, that, that's A great, that's a really great way to say it because if you denounce, okay, so you say there's no devil, Right? So then you're somewhat saying that there's no evil, but you're not branding evil with some type of identifying factor. Then you kind of glaze over it a little bit. Right? I think I, if that's what I'm hearing you're saying. And I agree with it because it gets a, it gets a little too, I think people want tangibility. I think people like to be able to understand things and see it for real and so forth. But when you start just talking about root evil, when you start, when you start looking at things like, I went to the Oklahoma bombing memorial.


When you look at shit like that, you think about the hate on this country and the, and the nine 11, and you think, or, or you just take it down to the Boy scout troop leader that, or you take it to the, the, the pre you take it, whatever. Yeah. There is a common, you, there's a common denominator there. And that is just what you called it evil. So call it devil, don't call it devil, but call it evil. The evilness is just, and not being aware of it or not allowing ourself to believe it, I think is part of the, well It's the old quote, the greatest trick the devil ever pulled is making people believe he doesn't exist.


Well said. But if you are, if you want to be thought of as a serious person, you never consider the devil. Like, oh, come on. There's no, there's no Satan that's down There burning out. Yeah. Outrageous. Get away. You Know? Yeah. So how do you, so where do you, so how do you, boy, this goes in a lot of goddamn shirt. This goes down some rabbit holes, Man. Yeah. Well there's rabbit holes in life. You know, life is a lot of rabbit holes. But see to me, this is when we talk about critical thinking, this is the stuff that when you really sit down and you have some conversations besides arguing whose team is better, you know, this is the type of stuff that you really have to get into per some perspective. You can learn a lot. Yeah. If you're willing to talk about things and you're willing to open up and you're willing to be wrong, it's, one of the things I'm always into is don't go into something with a predisposed opinion about it and be so hell bent on it to your way.


Because you might really get your mind changed or you might really learn something about it. But as soon as you lock down on it's this way, you know? Right. And that's, There's no devil. Yeah. God's not real. People Say that. Well, I, I deal with it soon when you Die, you just die. How the fuck do you know, bitch, have you been dead? Like, what are you talking about? Do you believe so? Have you ever been to a medium? A medium? Like a psychic medium? Yeah. No, not a real one. Okay. So I, I mean, I don't, I don't think that I'm, and I'm not like one of those people that says they don't exist. I think it's possible. I I, I was a very anti, not anti preaching, but anti, so my mom believes in it. Mom did. My wife does. Wasn't my cup of tea.


Not saying bad just wasn't my cup of tea. My sister died real close with my sister and I kept getting this weird feeling. I mean that my wife's not telling me to go. My mom's not telling me to go. No one's saying a thing to me. Then this, the hawk is a representation of my sister. This, I'm driving my big RV cross country with my family. Every year we do a big huge road trip with the family. This hawk flies outside of my window, five minutes, no shit. It was a real five minutes. Flew along the freeway with me as fast as I was going dirt road.


I was like, so I asked my mom, who's the lady to call? So I went and had this thing, didn't know me very well, didn't know much about me. And I had the most mind blowing experience, like mind blowing. And I had to really sit there. I had to go back to my wife and my, my mom and say, okay, I, there's something out there that's going on that's going, that's bigger than us, then I can comprehend. And the way I kind of to make sense of it for myself, 'cause I have to make sense of it, is if you're a baby laying in a bassinet and You can smell and You can breathe and You can poop and you can eat and you can sleep and giggle and, but I can talk to you.


I can talk to, but the baby can't understand me. But there's some transmission of connection. Right. You know, make it giggle. Yeah. At this stage, am I the baby in the bassinet and my sister's trying to talk to me and like I'm just kind of getting it, but I'm not. But it is that possible. The older I get, the more I start to buy into, there's gotta be something else. There's no way it can be all this and not be something more. We didn't just, it just didn't vaporize go away. So the other day, maybe six months ago, sit in a hot tub. I have my routine of hot sauna, cold plunge, hot tub, infrared.


I do all that. But I'm sitting there and I keep getting this thing, I gotta call this medium lady. And I texted her and I said, Hey, can I come see you? And she goes, yeah. She goes, you your dad's been, your dad's been hitting me up quite a bit. Your dad's on, dad wants to talk to you. Your dead dad, My dead, dead Has been hitting her up To get in touch with me to make, does she know that your father's dead? She knows my dead. Yeah. She knew my dad's dead. Okay. But the point was, and there was more intricacies about it, but she said, yeah, he's been talking about it.


He goes, she goes, well you just in Mexico. I said, yeah, did you do something about him in Mexico? Something about an owl. There's no way in a million years she would know this. This An Owl. Yeah. My dad comes back as an owl. So he said he was gonna be as an owl. This is what he was saying to her. To me. To you. Yeah. This is before he died. Before he died. He said, I'm gonna come back as an owl. No, he just, Owl was the thing. Wise guy. Okay. And Owls are dumb as shit. I don't know. I've been around some, isn't that crazy? I don't know that. I've never seen, they're smarter than me. No. They scare the shit outta me.


No, they're really dumb birds. That's Great. That's my dad we're talking about. Thanks a lot. Makes no, I'm not saying your dad's dumb. I'm just saying it's weird that we all have this idea of owls being wise. I took this lady who trains birds. She said They, she says they're the dumb ones. They're dumbest birds. It's like the only thing dumber than them is emus. She's like, emus are dumb as shit. I just saw emus on a ranch yesterday. She's, but she's like, we have this idea that owls are really smart. Well, Whatever the, whatever the case is, sorry, go ahead. A hung up of stained glass owl where my dad used to sit in our house in Mexico. No way. You know that There's no way. So I don't know, I'm not cheering or preaching and Telling people There's something, there's something bigger going on there with, have you ever heard the, I know people looking at me going, guys, guys fucking crazy.


But it's, it really is my, I there's gotta be something else. Have You ever heard of the telepathy tapes? No. The telepathy tapes are the, this podcast, this woman put together from her work with nonverbal autistic kids and their families, nonverbal art, autistic kids and their mothers in particular have an incredible measurable psychic bond where the mother can be in another room, the mother can look at images, the kid will be able to write down what the mother sees. The mother could be reading things and the child will write down what she's reading. And it turns out these kids have abilities that are unexplainable.


She documentary, she documented a nonverbal autistic kid who had the ability to read hieroglyphs. They have the ability to read languages that they've never studied. It is very strange. And that they all meet up on some place called the Hill psychically. They meet up together and they all describe it. So some place psychically where all these nonverbal autistic kids get together. Yeah. Like, so this documentary, the telepathy tapes is like very well researched, like what they're doing. They made sure they covered up any reflective surfaces.


There was, they checked everybody for wires. They scanned the room for any device that could possibly transmit information. There was nothing point. Right. And these children were able to do this like a hundred percent of the time. This is, it is, it's a real documented phenomenon that a lot of people were reluctant to believe in. You know? 'cause it's one of those things you believe in it all. You believe in fucking fairy tale superstition shit. You're a, you're a sucker. But no, it's real. There's, there's some sort of a bond that exists. And the more people that I've talked to about this think that this is, it's not that this is an emerging phenomenon in human beings, but it's an neglected aspect of our senses of awareness because of language and because of media.


And we're being exposed to things all the time. So we've, we've kind of let that part of our brain atrophy. But that's intuition. That's when you know things about someone. You meet someone you know, they're full of shit. You know, some people, you meet him and like right away, like, get me the fuck away from this guy. You know what I mean? I gotcha. You feel their their spirit. They got it. You feel so his Energy. Right? Yeah. But it's, there's something real to that. And if you're in tune to it, you'll live a better life. 'cause you'll make better decisions because that ener you'll feel that energy and you'll go like, I see where this is going. I've Had this. Yeah. This thing has been going on. So It was funny 'cause when I said to the medium, I said, I'm here, where's my sister?


She said, oh, she just, she doesn't need to talk to you. I said, what the, I said, I just made this whole thing to come here. She said, she talks to you every day. She talks to you all the time. 'cause I was raising her kid, my parents, you lived with my mom and dad lived right next door to us. Lori and I have the two boys, hunter and Ryder, but we're all big family and within the same acre. And I'm, then I'm like, wow. It is happening. I I do, I get all these things. 'cause I'm thinking about things I'm talking to Jules about and things I'm working with Jules about as a young boy and just all these things that, and a lot of it coming from things I think of my sister and I don't know, I, I I, this is way outside of the spectrum if anything I ever talk about.


Yeah. I mean I tell my close friends about it and probably people are watching this now and saying, isn't that guy that does the show about the pizza? Where, where's he coming off on this, on this talking to his dad, the owl, the, the non-smart bird. But it, I believe, well we've seen the stories about somebody that's autistic and then they could just hear a song and play the piano. Yes. I mean, that's not hocus Polk because that's not fake stuff there. This is really, our brains are so much more powerful Yeah. Than, you know, than we, it's like talking to people from, I have a buddy of mine that's from a, from Germany, he speaks four languages. He's a pretty smart guy. But he speaks four languages. They, they all get taught English in school while they get taught German.


Right. From a young age, from like first grade. Yeah. So they all, you know, most of them all know how to speak a second language. But once you can learn a language and learn the, you know how to adapt to languages, you have the opportunity to, you know, be more, you know, available to learn other languages. I, I just, you sit there and look at it and go, man, do we, do we not utilize, how much of it do we use? Yeah. We just track ourselves A lot of nonsense. But that's also like the difference between like an athlete and a sedentary person. Like obviously your body could do a lot more than you're asking of it, you know, but there's something about autistic kids, they tap into some aspect of the brain that's just unavailable to you. And I like, there's this one kid who flew over Manhattan in a helicopter and then did a absolutely picture perfect detailed drawing of the skyline just from memory.


Me Photo. Yeah. And you watch him draw, you're like, this is insane. And then you see the actual photo of the skyline. You're like, how, how here it is, this kid, I mean, this is incredible man. So this kid's look at that. How insane is that from Flying over one time From Fucking memory. Just from memory. I mean, this is incredible man, look at this. It's so nuts, man. Like he remembers everything he saw and then he's drawing it and he's In perspective, Joe, he's not drawing a picture.


He's drawing a, he's doing a billboard. Yeah, He's not, not, it's a huge thing. And he's doing every fucking window. Man, this kid remembers everything. It's nuts. I work with a program called Best Buddies I've ever heard of it. Working with intellectually disabled adults and kids. Had a cousin with intellectual disabilities. I just thought everybody had a cousin that was, you know, a little different. A little unique and super major part of our family, Doug. And so I heard about, I learned about this program Best Buddies. And it was started by Anthony Shriver, who's Uni Eunice Shriver's son. Eunich Shriver started the Special Olympics and Sergeant Shriver was the started of the SEC, you know, the Shriver Kennedy's, that whole group, you know who I'm speaking.


So anyhow, I work with this program and I work with these intellectually disabled adults and kids called Best Buddies. And when I got involved, it was Tom Brady hosting a celebrity football game at Harvard. And everybody would come and get involved and the buddies that were athletic would participate. And I was just there to, 'cause I was invited to go, so I had to do something. So I cooked, I made appetizers for the event. And it was so funny how these buddies would gravitate towards me and they wanted to cook, you know, foods that common denominator of all people. And so we really have developed the program into this Best Buddies program where we got all the buddies partnering with chefs and the buddies love to do the repetitive mode, love to things that are laid out, organized and put them together and so forth.


But just an amazing group of people and huge hearts and huge energy and huge, never a bad day, always a smile, always happy, always wanna give you a hug. You know, there's just so many. But again, when we were talking about things that get glazed over things that get, you know, you had school, you had the special ed group and they went off to their space and we never, we never really, I think educated people how to work inside or work with or understand or have the compassion to understand, you know, people with disabilities. And fortunately I think we're getting better at it. I think our country is, or our world is starting to, but you know, when we can look at that and take that appreciation and see that and not see that as weird, but take that and appreciate it and think it and say, wow, yeah.


You know, here's somebody that's taking a difficulty or a major difficulty and doing something with it. And I think that's, we need to be more, we need to open our minds up more to that stuff. There's a lot of, Well, we don't really understand all that the mind is capable of. When you see someone do something like that, you're like, why is that available to an autistic kid and not available to everyone else? Like what is it about that? Like what is it about whatever he's missing in his ability to communicate or I don't know if he's nonverbal. I don't know what that young man's issues are in particular, but clearly there's something that doesn't work well.


So something else works in an extraordinary way. And this is a thing with like some of 'em that are just geniuses when it comes to music or mathematics or whatever it is, right? Like, it's like the, the brain has this insane potential into all sorts of weird ways. And which brings us back to like how much, how much of the problem is like what we're distracting our brains with every day and what kind of fuel are you feeding your brain? You're feeding your brain a bunch of bullshit and nonsense and gossip And you know, negativity All want, and how much are we not paying attention to? Yeah. How much we not pay. Paying attention to like, like I was just saying, when that now becomes, 'cause we can chronicle it and we can see the video of it And it gets on social media, we can be aware of it.


There's a positive side of social media, but there's so many of these buddies, like this young lady got up and sang the other day at this event And you know, very non-communicative. And when you just see her on the thing, but once she got on stage, she just blossomed into this, you know, this other person. So I think that we're hopefully starting to take some recognition to the fact that there's more potential And it should be recognized. Yeah. That shit's trippy. It is trippy. It's, it's, it's trippy when you see these savants and you, you wonder like, what is it about them that makes 'em so extraordinary? And is this like, is this going to be more people like that in the future?


Like obviously cavemen couldn't do that, but these people could do that. Is there is gonna be more people like that in the future? Will there be more savants? You know, like where, where is the, like the human species headed But didn't do, we have some of these people that, we don't call 'em savants or so, but there's some people that have invented some shit and created some stuff and took some recognition, some awareness to, you know, bacterias becoming, you know, Louis Paste. I mean there, there's some people that have some, some higher thinking power that you've taken us down some paths that, you know, it's like the computer and all of that. That was, I mean, I, I I can lose you can I, you can lose yourself in it that somebody was able to, I do it with, with architecture, when I look at a building and you look at these gigantic skyscrapers and I'm happy when I can build a woodshed that's, that's square, you know, that everything lines up correctly, but somebody's gonna do this out of steel and cement and glass and all this thing and they just build that And it's perfect.


And you just look at that and go, wow, what goes on in their mind? 'cause I'll make you a really good pasta dish right now. You know? Well, there's a place for everybody in this world. Yeah, that's the thing. It's like whatever their personality is, the way their mind works, it's suited to architecture. Yours is suited to food, some suited to music. There's some people that are, you know, comedic geniuses. There's some people that are artistic geniuses. It's like, that's the beautiful thing about life. It's the most difficult thing for young people is to find the correct path. And the worst thing is when you're on the wrong path and you just live a life of suffering and you wish you were doing something else. That's the saddest thing to me is someone who really wants to do something else.


I mean, that's the classic song, right? Let's sing us a song. You're the piano man. It's, it's fostering. So what I try to do with, when I speak to young kids or classrooms or schools or whatever I do, I say quit chasing the dollar. Quit. Quit looking at it thinking I want make the money. I just say the first thing I say to 'em, what makes you happy? Right? What do you enjoy? Because if you enjoy it, it's not a job. If you enjoy it, you'll be able to put so much more time and energy into it without being tired. You know, go be your best self and go find what you love in life. And if you do that, it's gonna come see the Yeah.


The ability to survive. The ability to live and have a house. And it will come to, now that's not to say just because you love art means that you're gonna be Picasso tomorrow and you're gonna do it. You might have to actually go put in some hard work and they're gonna take an art, you know, you're gonna have to do some shit. But you got to, and that's the other thing we're missing hard work. Yeah. Let's remember that. Yeah. Anybody Says that there's no such thing as nine to five job. I work every single day all the time. I mean, if I'm having fun, if I'm out, you know, ripping it up, I'm at stage, I'm having fun. But it's always gonna be worth, it's always coming back to taking care of business. But I, I just think that when people start getting lost with that, one of the things I hope that the nucleus around these kids is that we foster imagination, foster critical thinking back to what we were saying and foster them into achieving their goals.


Help them write goals. Yeah. Help them have belief. You know, we can't just set them away. They're getting lost in their phone and believing that they're gonna be a TikTok star. Yeah. That's a problem. That's a problem. When you ask kids like, what do they want to do? And a large percentage of 'em just wanna be famous because they see, see these famous people and they see like, oh, that guy's got a Ferrari. Look at that guy's got a big house. It's mind blowing Though. It's mind blowing. It's Fu And it's such a false reality. Yeah. But it's also a reality for some people. So it's like what they're looking for And it's also the thing that they're getting on their phone all day long. They're getting people who are doing it and you can do it.


You know, it's a really crazy statistic. 10% of girls that are between 18 and I think like 25 are on OnlyFans. What? Yeah. One out of 10 girls are posing on OnlyFans and here it gets even crazier. I think it's something like the number of like, what's the percentage of men that are subscribing to OnlyFans? I think it's 80 million Watch He's pull up. It's He's gonna pull up in 10 seconds.


Can I call him for research, by the way? Sure. Jesus. I think that there's like 160 million men in this country and 80 million of them are on OnlyFans or subscribing to OnlyFans. Yeah. It's Like, I've seen some of the stats. I've Heard the numbers. I think it's literally like 50% of the men of a certain age are subscribing to OnlyFans and 10% of the girls are involved in being models. Lemme See what I see. So the, the number you said about 10% checks out, but it's like, it's using stats. It says there's 1.2 million women aged 18 and 24 on OnlyFans and there are approximately 10 million women that age in America.


So Yeah, 10% And then 10% of the girls are showing their body and doing things on OnlyFans for money. I got 82 million men are reported to subscribe to OnlyFans. Yeah, it might be overstated, but this also weirdly says that the platform had 1.2 million American women. So that's, almost all of them are 18 and 24. There's 200. And this also says there's 3 million registered creators. So I don't know who the other 1.6 Are. Probably over 24 Or dudes ORs. Yeah, that's right. There's dudes that do it too. Yeah, But there's not, it wouldn't be more dudes than women on there. That's, That's kind of crazy.


Can I take a piss? Yeah, well let's just, we can wrap this up. We're doing For No, don't wanna wrap this up. I'm not Too much. We gotta wrap it up soon. We're doing it two hours and 40 minutes. I Don't fucking wanna go anywhere. This is fucking awesome. If you would, by the way, congratulations. I have to, I can't. Congratulations on not drinking. Thank you. I I've listened and I, and I, I applaud you. I think that you read yourself, read your body, read your mind, tell you, you know, heard you talking about it. I think that, you know, people need to listen to themselves. Yeah. And, you know, see how it makes 'em feel and say, I, I talk about people, what they eat and how it makes 'em feel. But no, that's a, that's a big no. I, I think this is weird. It's like we don't, there's so many other things. I just gonna pick your brain about the dark web, because that's another thing that I just sit there and go what is back?


I don't even wanna know what's behind that door. You don't want to know. And I don't wanna know what's behind that door. And it, excuse me. 'cause I started talking to that, that that tech security people, but it's like this OAN stuff. I mean, I didn't even wanna know about it. I don't even wanna, The darkness of the human soul. It exists always. And for a lot of these girls, it's like they just don't want to have a regular job and then they get caught up in this OnlyFans thing and then you making a lot of money. We Talked about living in perpetuity. Yeah, I know you talk About that in that one. Let that one right for 'cause people are screen grabbing that stuff and people are recording that stuff and it's Yep, yep. Good luck on that one. I know. And it's just like, nobody's telling them that when they're young, they're not getting raised properly, unfortunately.


For the Little bit of scratch you're getting now and then how that affects you, your life. I mean it's, yeah, we need it. It's, I'm not, you know, I don't have the answer for it, but I really think that we, I was talking about making a contribution to your community. You know, I remember how much, how many parents used to come to the classroom and help in the classroom when I was a, you know, a kid. I don't know if that still happens. I don't know what goes on. But this mentorship program, I, I ran into a guy the other day with, it was a Big brother, big brother, big sister program. And I was just so, it was great to meet him. I'm like, tell me about it, man. Like you're doing that. I didn't even know the program exists anymore. That's awesome. So there's, there's things like that that I just hope we still remember that we had some really core fundamentals.


It doesn't mean our era was right or that we didn't do it without failure. We didn't do it without our issues, you know, as we were speaking. But I really hope that we continue to believe in ourselves because we can Right the ship, man. Yeah. There's always gonna be good in this world and there's always gonna be evil and you gotta kind of like battle it out. Well that's, that's part of what life is about. And the unfortunate thing is that a lot of that evil is why you appreciate the good, you know, and the good is there to show people that there's another path. Yeah. Well I, back to the beginning of, you know, you're not political. You're, I mean you've got your but the positivity and the conversation that goes on, John, John Krasinski during Covid, I did his show.


He had this really cool podcast or I know what exactly you call the shows. Did you see it? It was all the right, it was about, it was a whole po Oh It was a great, No it was a great, God, I can't think of the name of it. It was an acronym. It was like all positive stuff or something along those lines. Help me raise some money. I was raising money for restaurant workers and we just need more positive noise. We need more positive message. Yeah. And people need to take, make a decision in their own mind that they wanna accentuate the positive aspects of their own life and stop dwelling on the negative and move forward and try to be a positive influence in as many ways as they can. You're doing it, man. You're here, you're, you're you too brother. You an example. You too. What a pleasure. Thank you for having me.


My pleasure. I Look forward to this joining really long time. It was fun. I think that my, my three boys are getting more of a kick out of this than anybody. Well hi to them. Yeah. Thanks to you. Appreciate you. Thanks for being here. And thank you for the scars. It's very Nice. Keep it up. Sandwich Cigars. Thank You. I will. Tell me when. Tell me whenever I can help. Yes sir. Alright, thank you. Alright, bye everybody.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Whether you're building the perfect vegetable garden or booking your dream summer vacation, you share your information with all different kinds of people and places. But not everybody who handles your personal information is going to be as careful as you. And it only takes one mistake to expose it to hackers and identity theft. Maybe that's why there's a new victim of identity theft every five seconds in the United States. Fortunately, there's LifeLock, LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity If your identity is stolen, a LifeLock US-based restoration specialist will help you solve identity theft issues on your behalf guaranteed or your money back. Plus, all LifeLock plans are backed by their million dollar protection package, meaning LifeLock will reimburse you up to the limits of your plan. If you lose money due to identity theft, you can't control how diligent others are with your personal information. But with LifeLock, you can protect it. Act now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use the promo code JRE or go to lifelock.com/jr e for 40% off terms apply.