
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night all day. Yep. Which start with Chew Kodiak. Oh, okay. Oh, that's rough. Yeah, that's a lot. So you could 16. But these are much better now. Yeah, these are good. These loosies are good. I like these two. These are athletic nicotines. These are threes. These are like, they don't fuck you up. They're mild. I wonder though, do you wonder at all, there's a lot of these studies coming out now about how good nicotine is for you. Yeah. Where'd that come from? I don't know. Yeah. All these nicotine pouches are sound like crazy. It's like we're in the 1950s.


You got, These are good smoking when you're, when you're pregnant's Pregnant women, you know, if you're sick. Yeah. I think there's real benefit to nicotine. 'cause that's been proven for a long time. It's just always been the delivery method. That's the problem. Yeah. Yeah. The kodiaks and the other ones, there's a lot of other stuff in there that's not great for you. I'm sure. What is the one that has like actual glass in it? Probably Kodiak or Grizzly. One of those two. Apologies If that's wrong to those companies. Yeah. Apologies to any company that we talk about. People will fucking buy it anyway. They're like, oh, good glass in it. Good. Makes it better. Cuts your lip gets it in there Quicker. I think that's the idea. Like there's something abrasive in one of them that, that like, it allows the nicotine to get into your bloodstream quicker because You sure.


Just one of 'em. I feel like it's, it's a few of them. Yeah. You can find anything out about that. Yeah. That's, that doesn't, But these are hot right now. Yeah. I mean, not in California. 'cause you can't get anything that is flavored. There's plenty. Nothing flavored fucking, what a shithole. God, I'm so glad I left that fucking place. Is there fiberglass in back fiberglass? That was the Rumor. It's a complete Mist. Okay. No evidence for this. Although it gets repeated by many anti st What's St. Smokeless tobacco. Oh, okay. We've heard the claim that fiberglass creates little cuts to allow absorption. Oh. So it's just bullshit. Well, that's good. That's good to know. Well, good. That would be horrible. The Internet says it must be true.


Must be. Yeah. Chat GT's Never wrong. We were talking about this lady that got arrested and she was bringing in frog embryos, and they're trying to deport her to Russia illegally bringing in frog. She's a researcher. What? Research, I guess, so here's the Article. I, this is a different article than the one you sent me. This is the one from April I found that still talks about her arrest and everything. Okay. So she is also working on some cancer detection. Yeah. Technology. This Article says that no one can fully unlock the data's potential except her. Oh, interesting.


And that's why they wanna lock her up. Well, it, it can't just be frogs. She's working for Harvard and she's got frog embryos that are illegally being brought back to the United States. Something I was reading said that this generally is a fine, sometimes maybe a couple months of detention, but she's also asking to not be deported back to Russia. She wants to go to France. And that's part of the issue too. Oh. It might be a thing where Putin's like, Oh, she's an anti protest against the war in Ukraine. It looks like. Okay. You have, There's a lot going on. You have woman that we are very interested in, and we put frogs in her backpack.


You'll find her with these frogs and then you'll send her back to us. We have to talk to her. And they probably don't wanna talk to her unless she, she, if she's been locked up since February for frogs. Yeah. I think so. Wait. Meanwhile, we Just find out about it. Meanwhile, in California, you fucking murder somebody. They let you right back out. Yeah. Pull a knife on a cop. They'll let you right back out. I think I'm gonna get out. Yeah. Yeah. Where you at now? I'm, I'm still there. What part? I'm in Malibu. Yeah. Get the fuck outta there. But Malibu is, It's nice. We're, We're sure we're not in the shit, You know? Yeah. But it's like having a beautiful house in the ghetto. It's like, yeah. It's nice where you're at. It's nice. Beautiful ocean that's filled.


Where's the best to go? Pollutants now. That's true. I'm biased. I think right here. I like Texas. This is the last stand. This this is the fucking, this is the Alamo. It's pretty impressive. Yeah. Just how they've been able to disdain and You know, what happened with COVID? Yeah. There's been a few states that held the line during COVID And it just shows you the importance of good government or just government that allows people to just be free and operate the way they'd like to. I know there's a lot of Texans who wanted to keep the California out of Texas. Have you moved Here?


Yeah. That's a good idea. Yeah. Because a lot of these retards are coming here with some of the same ideas they left with, well, we gotta get away from these people. But why is everyone here voting red? You shouldn't be voting red. You need to be voting. There's like cult members. There's like democrat cult members. Just reasonable People. Blue, no matter, no matter who. But That's go, it's so goofy. You know, some of these Red till I'm dead. All that shit's goofy. Look at the beautiful cities that we used to have in California. Oh my God. I just, what's happened to 'em? I used to love la. I used to love it. Every time I went back there, I'd be like, whew. I'm back. When I'd travel on the road, I'd be like, thank God I'm back in la. It's always sunny. People are cool. It's easygoing. And then COVID just, just a big reality smack of how important government is.


You know, what I've seen recently that makes me laugh is people driving Teslas, but they've either removed the emblem on the back or they have a sticker that says like an anti-US Tesla group Or something. I bought this before Elon went crazy. I'd say 70% of 'em are wearing a mask. Driving still. But I think most of 'em are just scared. Their car's gonna get fucked up if they leave it it somewhere. No, I think so too. I Think about that. Yeah. When I park my Tesla, I think about that. I Scan parking lot. Even Texas. I feel Like it is happening in California. Yeah. There's A lot of kooky liberals out here. Yeah. I get side eye from People out there. God, they love, they love the, the Tesla before. Right? They Used to love it. Kinda like the viewing Trump. Well, it's also, there's a lot of, you know, it's the USAID stuff, really.


It's, it's hard to say. I had Amanda Knox on here yesterday, and she was talking about, oh, did you, this program that was, that you know, was an innocence program where you're, they're trying to release wrongly accused people and that it, it got defunded. And I said, well, was there anything inappropriate about what they were doing? Like, 'cause there's a, the unfortunate reality of having conversations with Elon about this both publicly and privately, like there's a lot of stuff that it looks good on the outside, and then you find out you have this amazing slush fund. Yeah. You have fucking billions of dollars that's being allocated towards this one particular organization.


People are extracting enormous salaries and then very little of it is actually going. Yeah. Yeah. So this is a part of the problem with these things. Like, oh, we lost funding. Ye okay. Yeah, that's bad. You definitely wanna have funding to, to help innocent people get outta jail. But Like, yeah. What the fuck were you doing? Well, Where's all the money going? I don't know. Yeah. You know. But I know a lot of 'em, I know that they spent $251 million on transgender animal studies. Like, there's, there's some wild money that's being thrown around. They spent $2 million giving cocaine to dogs. Super important to find out. I I really wanted to see the episodes of the 20 million they spent on the, the Sesame Street in the, in Iraq.


Iraq. That's why some of those, was Oscar still a villain? Or was it Big Bird? Yeah. Let's count the gaze as we throw them off the roof. One ha. I mean, $21 million. Did you? But here's how is the fucking common sense, like when people hear that? Yeah. Just because it's fucking Elon and some 20 year olds, they can't go, oh yeah, I'm glad you did that. Well, here's a, that's a waste of my money.


This episode is brought to you by Black Rifle Coffee. The only coffee I drink. Listen, I'm not a scientist, but is it possible that you become more funny at parties and lift heavier at the gym after drinking a can of black rifle coffee? Who knows? But I do know that each can has 200 milligrams of naturally sourced caffeine and zero sugar. And it was founded by veterans who now just want to serve those who serve. Use Code rogan@blackriflecoffee.com and score 30% off.


There was a study that was done recently that showed that 96% of all the stories that mainstream media pr prints about Elon are negative 96%. Meanwhile, the guys saved those fucking people trapped up in space. Yeah. You didn't hear a Peep about that. And the shit he does when there's natural disasters with the starlink. Oh Yeah. He's revolutionizing space travel, revolutionizing satellite internet capabilities and, and the availability all, all over the world. It's crazy. It's really crazy. And saving billions of dollars of your tax money from going to fucking fun, stupid ass programs.


All, it's not just stupid over world. It's stupid ass Programs. Some of it is like, you don't even know where it went. It's corruption too. He said that some of the money, that there was billions of dollars that was written out with no receipts at all. He said, if this was a private company, or excuse me, a public company, they would be delisted and all the executives be thrown in prison. But in the government, it's just like standard practice. Business is usual. How come nobody has gone to prison? That's one of my,


this Episode is brought to you by Squarespace. Joe Rogan dot com runs on Squarespace, and if we trust it, you can be sure that it'll help you create whatever great looking website you have in mind. And it'll be quick to create too. Thanks to Squarespace AI powered design tools plus Squarespace's selling tools help you offer services, take payments and streamline bookings all in one place. Start your free trial today at Squarespace dot com. And when you're ready, go to Squarespace dot com slash rogan to save 10% on your first website or domain.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. Summer is almost here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered Catamaran. That's a no lemon meringue. That's a yes. A day in the sun. No. A bottle of rum. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely help you out with that. Get almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You must be legal drinking age, please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by region CA for details, Pain questions for Trump and the administration.


It's a good Question. Well, What's going on? Well, The administration's only a hundred days old. Right. Or 130 or whatever the fuck it is. It's like it, I think it takes a while to even find out what the fuck happened. I don't know. You know, I, I've had conversations with people about it and it's like, Jesus, like just trying to get the documents. Like when they're trying to get the Epstein files, like they're the state of New York. One of the district attorneys was hiding. They were hiding documents that have forced them to give documents. I think there's so many fucking powerful people that are on those lists. There's so many powerful people that went and partied. Air quotes, Air quotes, partied. And how many of 'em went to the Diddy parties? Have you been paying attention to the trial?


Oh yeah. Trials. Wild. Wild. Why don't they, they air it the same way they aired the, you know, the, the coverage that you know, de Johnny Depp got. I know. Why don't they? I don't know. They should. The ratings would be amazing. Unreal. Yeah. Yeah. Like, what are you doing? Why wouldn't you air that? What's gonna happen though? You think, Well, Diddy's gonna be in jail for the rest of his life. I think he's probably going to get up. I think he's a saying though. I don't know. I don't even think it matters. I mean, it's, a lot of it is, But then it's just another Epstein. There's murder, there's another Ghislaine Maxwell's murder case. Somebody gets indicted and nobody else indicted for trafficking kids to Right.


No one to to no one. Right. That's the crazy thing about Ghislaine. Right. She's in prison for sex trafficking. To who? Yeah. Boom. Sure. Yeah. But I mean, there's a lot of people that want some, some heads to roll, not just With that. Well, the anything is just started, so we'll see. 'cause apparently there's tremendous amount of video that they have. But we've also heard that about the Epstein cl. Yeah. What are they gonna do? How much is it gonna get out? James O'Keefe just released video of Epstein's Library. Right. I didn't see that. Yeah, I know he is been holding onto something and there's been fear about him getting taken out and Yeah. But Then he, like Alex has some sort of kill switch or something. I don't know. Yeah. But then he was like DJing Then he was Yeah, I know.


Like a, a lot of his theatrics, it's like, so O'Keefe is so, it's so, but His, his, I mean, he was, his undercover videos were amazing. Incredible. And, and then he got ousted at the Project Veritas. Right. And then went, I wonder what happened there. Like, I'd like to know what the story there is, because there's no official story of why he got ousted. Has he not He's hasn't gone anywhere. He's under some gag order. Maybe. Or I would imagine there's some sort of an NDA or something. Otherwise, why the guy who releases everything, why wouldn't he release that if he can, you know? But his videos are mostly like gay men meeting up. Yes. The one guy is got a big dick And it, you know.


Oh, I can tell you this. You know. Yes. It's always, and that has no idea. Oh, by the way, everything you just said is, you Know, it's always chatting gay guys. Here he goes in O'Keeffe's Twitter, inside Epstein's Library. O'Keefe. Reese releases never before seen footage with bizarre statues and cryptic messages left by Epstein from inside Epstein's Island Library, by the way, like, what does that mean? Like, if you look in this room, like bizarre statues power, Strange power, deception. Oh wow. Like he's got a, a diagram Music, All the things he's trying to do. What is, what is all that? What power deception plants. Does that say plants? Yeah. Wonder what that means? Like plants, like planting people inside organizations.


Is that what that means? What's in the bottom here? Is it say something in France? Drunk brain. I Know. Time day drink. I don't know. Dank Brain. Is that what that Says? Inte intellectual, political, something And Music. And what is the other one next to music B. What is that? I see if something, I'm gonna see if anybody has decipher This. Yeah. We, oh, he puts this, this big O'Keefe over it. It kind of obscures the, the letters. Okay. What else is weird in this though? Well, What are we even looking at? Let's, Let's, let's play it. He's got some weird statues. Fucking, I got a lot of weird statues. You know. What does that mean? Nice place.


You know, we were talking about buying the island at one point in time. I would've got in, I would you I was talking To, talking to Jamie. You needs some investors. You know the fucking headlines. Aaron Rodgers and Joe Rogan by the island. We were talking about putting as is Though, as is as As a hundred percent. We were talking about putting up a podcast studio in, in the fucking, in, in the big temple. Oh God. The temple. That's the Israeli flag. That's This mirror and face. You know, the temple? That's the colors of the Israeli flag. You know about that, right? I didn't know that. No. Oh yeah. It's the, oh, here it goes. O'Keeffe is showing power. Oh, They're trying to show that he, that's his handwriting, I guess. Okay. Boys.


Boys. Yeah. I don't, maybe he says what it's, Were there. There Ha Dank brain among others. All right. I guess you're right. Dank Brain. Dan. Brain. I don't know. Okay. Mirror in face Dank brain was, does dank brain mean you're high as fuck? It must be right. My Google. Lemme see what that means. They gave you a super edible, they gave you one of them. Joey Diaz edibles. It's, Maybe it's a project name, you know? Right. That's probably project project dank brain. Right, right, right. That's probably it. What is that other one? Mi Mirror N face. What is that? Is that what it says? Yeah. A truth. Something else.


I know. Yeah. Shitty fucking handwriting for an evil villain. Interesting. Yeah. Very weird stuff. Show 'em a actually on. Someone Should want one more. Someone wrote it out in a little more. Okay. Plants. Truth. Myth. Reality. Power. Deception. What do you mean by plants? Appears music. Brain rhythm. Mimic time, delay. Deception. Dark. It says dark brain. I thought that was an NI don't think that guy's correct. Could be. It could be dank brain or dark. Go about, look at that other image though. I like dank brain better. It Looks like an end to me. Yeah. That looks like end. That doesn't look like dark. That looks like dank brain.


That's an end. So I'm already skeptical. Yeah, it's a fucking psyop, bro. It's all a bunch of PSYOPs. Show 'em the image of the temple that was on the island. That was gonna be JRE podcast studio number two. Nice. We could have done this here. Yeah, I was, I was thinking about it, but I was like, You know what? That's a good way to die. They're not gonna, lemme buy that fucking place. Look at it. Oh, well. You know where that is too, right? It's similar image to that. Right? No, I know Jamie does. What is it? It's on the set of a famous talk show that's now not on anymore. Oh, Ellen.


Was that Ellen? Yeah. Really? Just look at that. The temple. And then look at the, Lemme see Ellen's background. What? Oh, similar. That looks like a, a building though. Like a Yeah, sure. Is that a building in LA That might be a building in la No, that's probably set. Right. But, but I mean, it's supposed to be a background of Yeah. It's strange To use the same. It is, but it's, you know, I mean, it's whatever. I'm not that impressed with that. That could just be coincidental. There's a lot of people. Yeah. Ask Alex about That. Yeah.


Well, he'll get, well, it is a longstanding tradition to put Israeli flags secretly and everything. It's so fucking Did you get, See that they did this thing recently where they uncovered the fact that Israel had kiosks in malls and Israeli intelligence was, they were gathering intelligence, but with these drone kiosks that they were selling in malls. No, like these little propeller drones. Lemme see if I can find it. I know. I sent it to some friends. Did you find it Jimmy right away. Yeah. Charged us running illegal mall kiosk network. How fucking weird is this accused of arranging for Israelis to arrive in the country with tourist visas for the purpose of illicit employment in sales.


And they were gathering information. The whole thing was gathering information. Israelis been charged us with visa fraud, allegedly running an illegal employment scheme in the country, which helped other Israelis obtain entry permits under false pretenses for the purpose of illegal employment. You know, it was a ch chatting back and forth with Ari. I sent, I sent this to him. What did he say? He's like, imagine being pod, you know, PWN Yeah. By a, a country that has like 7 million people in it. It's like they've been fucking, they've been running things for so long. It's kind of amazing. It's impressive. They're very impressive. I mean, they, they develop Peg Pegasus, the abil.


The whole reason why every time I text, I assume the government is reading everything I write. It's 'cause they can, they can, they can get into your signal. Like all these encrypted apps that people think that they're like, you're gonna buy drugs and fucking sell guns and shit. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Was this part of the story? True? What is this? Assad uses mall kios in the US' front companies while on intelligence operations. Yeah. This is it. Attorney Jessica Al Aber found dead in her home after uncovering Israelis illegally entered the US to work at mall kiosks. She found dead in her home. Google that. Jesus Probably suicide. Yeah. Shot herself in the head twice.


What happens over there you think? Whew. Epilepsy though. Epilepsy died in her sleep. Mm. Okay. She was the young one. She was like 43. Yeah. Could be coincidence. Yeah. Have I Read about this? Maybe She got that third booster. We're expecting more information from. When was this? What time was this? What? When did this happen? 20 March. March months ago. Similar recently. Expect more information from the medical examiner. Speaking of boosters. Why didn't Bobby just come out and taking that off field schedule? Well, maybe, maybe start with kids. They did start with kids. It's removed now. Is it? Yeah. Since when? Real recently, like within the last day or two. They pulled it from the recommendations of the, you know, the requirements.


The kids. It's, it was true. The giving of the kids is fucking insane. It's fucking insane. COVID is not a danger to kids. It's super dangerous for kids. There's a lot of evidence for that. Now. There's the fact that they've been able to obscure all the vaccine deaths. I know there was, where was it in Florida where they were pointing? They, they're making this accusation that as many as 470,000 people died from the vaccine. The, if you can find that. What is it? The surgeon general down in Florida has been? Yes. It's been pretty rock solid. He rock. Yeah. He rock solid. Yeah, He black dude. He was on TV a bunch. Yeah. And I liked him a lot.


Everything we spoke, it was like, yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. He's Like, it's just, it's just money man. It's literal sacrifice of human lives for money. But same thing, like, when is any of those people gonna be held accountable? Oh no. Never. Well, I would hope Look at everything that's happened in the last 20 years. You know, financial crisis happens, you know, insider trading. Fucking the market on purpose. No, no heads roll. In fact, they actually get put into Obama's cabinet. Many of them. That great documentary. You mean the 2008 thing? Yeah. That, do you think they did that on purpose? They tanked the market on purpose? Or do you think it was just what they did was ultimately going to tank the market? I Think there's a lot of coincidences.


A little bit, a little bit of coincidence, A little coincidences, Coincidence when you look at, but I'm saying no one ever gets held accountable. No one gets held accountable. What, what's going on with COVID? No one's gonna be gonna be held accountable. What's Dr. Fauci gonna be held accountable for lying about gain of function research? Well, he could be held accountable for perjury. I believe. I I don't believe they can get him for the gain of function research. I don't think they can get, but he Lied on the stand when Rand Paul was in was I think they get him for that. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause you can, I don't know. But a a blanket pardon? That goes back to when gain of function was illegal during the Obama administration is a little suspicious. It was really when they moved it out of North Carolina. Yeah. To Wuhan. A little suspicious.


A nice timing there. Yeah. Why 2014? I wonder. Yeah. Well that was when I, I mean, I think during the Obama administration, Obama wisely was like, what the fuck are you guys doing? Like, don't, what's the benefit of that? If you, you're creating more contagious diseases and you don't have cures. Like, what, what the fuck are you doing? It's, you know, Bobby thinks it's all weapons. He thinks it's biological weapons, which completely makes sense. You, you see what Nicole Shannon said recently about Bobby? No. She said she doesn't, she, she's a little confused at what kind of, some of the stuff he's been saying and doing lately. And maybe he's got somebody who's controlling him.


Well, isn't it that one guy that said that him and Bobby, like Bobby has to check with him on everything that happens. What guy? There's too many of these fucking people I know. I save these, I save everything. I have these bookmarks that are just fucking completely ridiculous. And if somebody finds me and I'm dead, they're gonna be like, what was wrong with him? You're a little obsessed While you're looking for this. Do you, Jamie? I don't, I'm sure you've probably seen some of these. Do you, when you're on Instagram, sometimes you'll come across videos and the voice you recognize right away. But you know, that person didn't say it. Have you seen these? Oh yeah. Your voice is on it a bunch. Oh. I first got, got alerted to it when John Reeves, our buddy John from Alaska.


I, I heard his voice on some like UFO video. Yep. I was like, John, what the fuck did you, he's like, no, He's not doing any of it. I've heard my voice on stuff too, but I heard, I, I heard your voices a lot. Voice. He, how the fuck they do this Stuff? It's real Easy And it iss dangerous. It's really easy now. It's, it's crazy. It's when I see a lot of is me selling stuff that I'm not really selling. There's a lot of that. There's a lot of that. A lot of me selling shit that I'm not really selling. You're at to pedal in new products? No. Well, it's not just, it's like businesses and shit that I'm not really interested in. Was this, was this the pad that Zahi was using right here? This One Maybe.


That might have been the worst podcast I've ever done. But maybe a good one too. Just to see, okay, this is the guy, this is this close minded minded fellow that's been in charge of gatekeeping all of the knowledge about Egypt And still standing on the same ideas even after this lidar comes out. Yeah. The tomography, whatever it is. Yeah. Whatever it is. That stuff's fascinating because I've been, even after that podcast, I've been watching more videos for those Italian scientists describing it. They've used it to, this is one of the things that I brought up. One of the temples that they scanned with this was very accurate. And he's like, but this was only 50 feet down.


Like, yeah. Okay. Right. But it works. Like if 50 feet down, you get an accurate representation what's inside there. Which, and he was the one Zahi supposedly, you know, discovered it. But he's discovered everything basically. Yeah. So how do you Genius. He's The best. So, But the good thing is that, that Graham can go back to Egypt now. Yes. Yeah. So they patched up something. Yeah. Well that was one of the reasons why Zahi came on. Oh really? Because Graham talked to Zhi and Zahi wants to do this. We're friends now. I was like, bring him in. Let's go. Let's bring him in. I'll talk to him. I thought, I thought he would Probably, and he Did he invite you to To Egypt? Yeah. Yeah. And what'd you say? Yeah, if I'm going, I'm going with Graham. Yeah. I am. I or course Eddie. I told Graham I wanted him to take me a few years ago.


He said, I can't go. They'll kill me. So next thing you know, I see Graham's taking people to Egypt. I said, what the Fuck? Well, that's nice. It nice that they patched it up. I went back, I went there last, last July. Did you last? Sorry. June. How was it? Incredible. Yeah, it was incredible. Did you walk away thinking immediately? There's a lot we don't Know a hundred percent. Yeah. And what they tell you is complete bullshit. Yeah. I have a friend who went there and the archeologist that showed him it said, this is complete bullshit. Like the narrative is complete bullshit. Yeah. Yeah. He said burial. The scale of it, you said the scale of it and the technology involved in cons. Construction is beyond our current understanding of how to do this.


And it's not just the pyramids in the SpaceX, the other temples are magnificent. Not only that, there's probably a bunch of shit under the ground. I know. That's what I wanted to go see. But the cool thing was, the first temple I went in was what I'd seen on ancient aliens. Where at the very top of the temple, you have one of the most famous hieroglyphs, which has a spaceship, a helicopter, and a submarine up there. As clear as you can possibly imagine. Show that. What the fuck is that? How in that, what is that? Explain That please. Because that looks like a spaceship. That looks like a submarine. And that a hundred percent looks like a helicopter. So weird. The Egypt is the weirdest place on earth. It really is.


Because, But that's why it needs to be. Yeah. What the hell is underneath it? Well I think that one. That one right there. Yeah. I mean come, I mean, what are we talking about? Come on. That's so crazy. That's a spaceship or a fighter Jet. Some kind of a, That's a submarine. It looks like a yacht. Looks like one of them old dark yachts that they keep getting Compounded. But that's, that's a helicopter. It looks Like a helicopter. To me. What we doing, it looks just like a helicopter. Yeah. It's the first place ever. If it's not a helicopter, what a goddamn coincidence. What is, yeah. And you know, there's a bunch of weird stuff there. A bunch of weird images just And how about that one plane that they found that was inside, they found like a wooden plane. Yep. That was inside one of the chambers.


Totally normal. Yeah. We just buried there with the Yeah. That was the other thing that Zahi was unwilling to entertain was this kings list. This zep techy kings list that goes back 30,000 plus years. Yes. They all, they all wanna pretend that that's a myth that all the other hieroglyphs are legitimately documenting the history of the region. But when it gets not that one, it gets past the narrative. These 30,000 year old kings, that place has probably been there for a long fucking time. Yeah. Probably a hundreds of thousands of years. Which is so crazy. And it's probably built on other stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Well that's the other thing about the base of the, the pyramids is like, you have to realize like there's a base there.


Before they put the pyramids up, they put this insane base. And if what they're saying is accurate with these readings, that there's a structure that goes under the ground two kilometers. Like Yeah, What is That? If they can find that, then you have to throw everything out the window. But Aren't you with me? Like why are we not interested in that? Well, we are, But why are we, why is modern archeology not going? Yeah. Let's fucking figure this shit out. Because modern archeology forever has been saying that we have the answers. That we have the timeline. We know when CFU built this, we know when Coffey built this, we know who did this and they're not correct.


It's just, it's not accurate. It's too weird. There's no way you have all the information. Also, where'd everybody go? Like there's people living there, but it's clearly not the same civilization. So what happened to this insane civilization? If there wasn't a collapse of society at a, in an immense level, if there wasn't some sort of a civilization, civilization destroying event. Yeah. Then where did every Yeah. Yeah. What happened? How about this? This idea. We got a new Pope. He's from the States. From Chicago. Yeah. Yeah. Let's open up the library of the Vatican. Good luck. Good luck doing that.


Have you been, have been to Vatican? I've been Vatican. Yeah. That's wild, Right? It is. You're like, what did you guys do? Where'd you get all this shit? Yeah. When you're walking through it, you're like, what? Yeah. What You have. And the weird tapestries where you stand on one side looks like this and the other side looks like that Insane art. Like the craziest, but it was al It's almost like a crazy person's house where they have so much art. Almost like the studio. We have so much art. It's stacked up everywhere. Yeah. Except it's worth billions of dollars. Yeah. I was laughing 'cause didn't JD Vance get in trouble for pictures in the Sistine Chapel or something? Or did he, what's is it Sine Chapel and I and I think he did. And you know, you're not supposed to any pictures. And I remember going in there and they told you like, put your phone away. And I'm literally in there trying to be quiet and everything and everybody around me is loud.


They got their camera out to take a photos and Shit. Photo of JD Vance inside Sistine Chapel. Yeah. Sparks Backlash. It's everybody around me when I was there was taking pictures. It is forbidden to take photographs or films of any type of, with any type of electronic equipment inside the Sistine Chapel. But everybody's doing that. I have Photos. It wasn't in 2015. Everybody Else was Doing it either In 2015. Well I went in I think 2018 or 2019 and we took a bunch of photos. The photo was taken by an official White House photographer. And there's precedent for political figures being photographed inside. The whole thing is weird. The Vatican. Vatican City. Oh yeah. Who, who guards the Vatican? Why is it the Swiss guard?


You know why? It's a country. It's A country. You can't, nobody gets extradited from that when they're accused of crimes against humanity. Like, like Zener, Who was Zener? He was the pope that had to step down because he was one of the guys that was moving people. Oh yeah. From like the spotlight Stuff. Yeah. He was one of those guys. That was when they would catch someone molesting kids. He'd move them to another place where they, one guy molested a hundred deaf kids. There's a whole documentary about it. He just looked creepy. He looks super creepy. But there's also like of, of one of the buildings that the Vatican owns is there's a, a gay nightclub in the building. Nah. Yeah.


Like some gay, No, I can't believe that. Gay sex club. Yeah. No way. I know it's weird. They probably didn't know. Yeah. Probably thought it was a prayer center. They were feeding hungry people or something. Feeding some hungry butts, you know? Yeah. It's just crazy how these elite people in power, before the internet, they were just doing stuff. Oh shit. They had complete control of the media and they were just doing whatever they wanted to do and everything was in secret. And they had these little, you know, fucking meetings like skull and bone types meetings where they'd all wear cloaks and shit and go to Bohemian Grove and all that.


Is that shit not happening more? I think B Bohemian Grove is very toned down now. I think they use it now for meetings and stuff. Thanks. Alex Jones. People get together. Yeah. Alex and John Ronson fucked it up for everybody. Yeah. But I know a bunch of people who have been Kid Rock went. He told me he went, But there's a feeder group to it. Oh yeah, there's a feeder group to the main group. Yeah. What does that mean? It means they invite entertainers and different people. Oh. So they say, say Nice things. Well then they figure out who they can hand select for the, for the main group. I Got invited. I did too. I'm not gonna go no fucking way. No fucking way.


I remember what Nixon said about it. Yeah. Back in the day. The fuck you thing I've ever Seen. Thing I've ever seen. Yeah. Like these guys all got together when they know no one was around. Did we talk last time about the Nixon? What's the Jackie Gleason story? Yes. Yeah. That's a wild story. It's my favorite of all the UFO stories. That's my favorite. 'cause it's plausible. Yeah. You know, Nixon and Jackie were buddies. You know, if you're buddies with a guy and he likes to drink and the two of you're playing golf and drink and he's like, you must see some shit. Yeah. That's what I would do if I was the president. I would Jackie Gleason's. I would bet him. All right, you win, you know, fund your campaign. I win. You show me some shit. Yeah. Right. Play a round of golf.


Yeah. I wanna see area 51. If they brought you, would you, would you open your mouth? They said, Aaron, we're gonna take you. But you gotta, you gotta just keep this on a dl. I think so. I think so too. Yeah. I wanna see some shit. Here's the thing, the remote viewing stuff in area 51 is pretty wild though. People have talked about, and you had a person talking about remote viewing recently, but how it's guarded by, I mean the CA's been doing it forever. Finally. Some of that's declassified, but they have their remote, remote viewing like guards who guard secret places like that. Especially area 50 one's pretty Wild. They're remote viewing while they're guards. They have guards who, whose role is your remote viewing guard? Whoa. So their duty is, they're, they go into their astro bodies and guard the facility.


What does that entail? Like what do they guarding it from? From other astro viewers who try and get in there? What, Like you block 'em. There's been a lot of people online who have talked about this. Yeah. There's a lot of people online that talk about a lot of things though. Unfortunately, I, I'm open-minded with this remote viewing stuff. 'cause the how put off stuff was fascinating when he was describing it. Like how accurate Yeah. It had been when they, there was that crashed jet from Russia Yep. That they were trying to recover and they found it within a couple mile radius. Yeah. They were able to recover it before Russia was. It's pretty wild. Yeah. Like if that's a real ability that's that people have You think it's bullshit? No, no, no. I don't think it's bullshit.


I think they spent too much money on it and they, they researched it for too long for it to be total bullshit. And Hal put off was very compelling. I've never seen it in action though, so I've, you know, remained You've never seen what somebody remote View. Oh yeah. Yeah. I mean you gotta Practice. I, I would like to know. I mean imagine if someone could show you how to do it And you could do it. That'd be in great. I'd love to. Yeah. Where would you go with it? Area 51. Yeah, a hundred Percent. Yeah. Right in if you could time remote view, I'd go right into when Bob Lazar was working there. Like, show me. I got Roswell 1947. Oh yeah. That's a big one. Yeah. There's a lot of those. Man, we Were talking off, off camera about the, about that element one 15.


One 15. Yeah. When do you, how long do you think it is? 'cause one thing I think about is like, if you think, you know our parents age, right? Like what they lived through technological and like all the advances since fifties, sixties and stuff to now Yeah. And fast forward another 30, 40 years for us. Like at what point does some of this technology really come out? The anti-gravity stuff? The disclosure of the UFOs. The, It's a good question. What Hal put off said was that during the Bush administration they put together a panel of scientists and experts and they gave them a task. The task was compile a list of things that would be disrupted by disclosure.


They said if we disclose that we have recovered crashed vehicles of non-human intelligence and biological remains, what would be the implications? And so they had a list on of pros, things that would be be disrupted and then things that would, we would benefit from. And they put a numerical value to each one of them. And it was overwhelming by every one of 'em that it would be overall negative. And so they decided not to disclose What was on the con side beside religion. 'cause I know religion is a big part of it. Religion was a big part of it. Government, why would anybody believe that we have control over anything if there are some super intelligent beings from some unknown realm, whether it's another planet or another dimension that have technology far beyond our comprehension.


And then there's the religious aspect, which gets really weird that Lazar talked about. Yeah. Where there's this immense folder that he encountered that has to do with religion. Yep. That has to do with how aliens created these religions in order to protect what they say human beings are here for. That we're containers. So like of, of what? And he said, I don't know, of just, they referred to us as containers. Yeah. And the religion was designed to sort of keep the peace or to keep some sort of a moral structure. And the idea is if we had this disclosure and this information that the moral structure and the moral fabric of society would disintegrate, It would crumble because we wouldn't be able to control people at all if we, if we all knew that there was something beyond our comprehension that's here all the time.


That can hide in plain sight that lives in the ocean. They have bases in the ocean. They, you know, can mask their appearance and, and fly at insane rates of speed and just appear in places and they can, they essentially have complete control over everything that goes on on earth. That would, you know, we would lose all of our faith in any sort of governmental institution. Because you What's that? Because people are just fools. Well they think it's bad in, in their, you know, to have this power and all of a sudden it just gets taken away voluntarily by you. Like if they could go back in time and stop the internet, don't you think they would?


Yeah. I don't think they had any idea what the internet was gonna be when they released it. No. I think they're probably like, what could be the harm of letting people get on a OL? Yeah. You've got mail. They're gonna be tired from the dial up. It's gonna take too long. People are gonna lose interest. Yeah. Nobody had any idea that you were gonna be carrying 5G data in your phone, in your pocket that's capable of sending video all over the world instantaneously. And then social media where you could share that information and people would upload it to thousands of other places instantaneously of no control over information anymore before they just have total control of the distribution of any information. They had complete control of propaganda. And they and they don't now.


No. No they don't now they Don't have total control. But they have control. We're talking. Yeah. So they, they don't have total control. They don't have total control if we're talking. 'cause it's, They don't have total control, but they have total viewing access. Yes. That, well that's the weird thing about the UFO stuff, right? Because there's two problems with disclosure. One of the problems is these people who were involved in these programs had to have lied to Congress. Yes. There's misappropriation of funds. They had to get money in some sort of a way. And they got this money through some sort of a misappropriation of funds. And that is highly illegal. So there has to be, this is that age of Disclosure documentary.


I don't know if you saw it. I haven't seen it. It hasn't come out yet. But they had a screening at South by Southwest Jamie and I saw it. It's really good. It's really incredible. But it's, it's all people talking about what they know, what they've seen and what, what kind of People like is Bob, is Bob one of the Guys? Bob's not one of the guys, but Hal put off's in there. Oh yeah, Hal was talking about that. I mean, there's a, a ton of people. When's that coming up? I do not know. Is it Coming out theater wise or is it coming out like on streaming service or It'll Probably come out on a streaming service, I had to guess. But it could come out in the theaters as Well. You're not gonna try and bury It? No. I mean, I don't think you can at this point. Too big. Yeah. Everybody already knows that it's done and it's out there. I think that's how disclosure's ultimately gonna happen. It's just gonna, just one day there's gonna be like, well there it's, They think this documentary is gonna break the, well really break the dam rather.


Yeah. They think this, this one's pretty intense. It's got basically everybody that worked on Christopher Mellon, all these different people that worked on all these different programs saying exactly what we have, what we know, how long it's been going on, and this is why they have not released these things. So there's that, there's that aspect of it. The lying to congress, the misappropriation of funds. And then there's the other things that, how do you work on this stuff? Well, the government can't really do it on their own. So what do they do? They bring in defense contractors that farm out jets and spaceships and shit. Those are the people that get access to this material if they do have back engineered crafts. And if they do have something that they recovered, that's a crashed vehicle of non-human intelligence, non-human origin, not of this world.


And they're back engineering, this, that company that's back engineering that has an enormous advantage over their competitors. And so their competitors would just sue because like why would you give them access to, why would Raytheon get access to it when GE doesn't, or, you know, whatever the company is. So there's a, they outlined the issues with, you know, disclosure and the res the resolution. They said there has to be some sort of a blanket amnesty to everybody that worked in that program. And they have to say that of course. That's, that's, that's the only way. That's How they do it though. But that's how they have to do it. If you, if we're gonna find out the information, we, we have one of two things we have to accept.


You know, we have to either accept that these people are gonna be able to keep this stuff in power because, or keep the people that are in power are gonna be able to keep this stuff secret. Because if they don't, then they're gonna get in trouble and they're never gonna release it. And so we're all gonna be in the dark forever. Or we just say, okay in that, with that scenario, they're gonna be off the hook no matter what. So let's just let 'em off the hook for the greater good of mankind and understand what the fuck we're really looking at. What are we really dealing with? What do we really know? And so I'm hopeful that that's a possibility. So am I, I mean, especially the last 10 years, there's been so much stuff that's been out there. Oh yeah. Like videos and Basically from 2000 s 17 from that New York Times article in 2017 when it was on the front page of the New York Times, that kind of opened up a lot of people's eyes.


Like, okay, this is a real story now. Yeah. 'cause now it's not ridiculous anymore. And now the next step is put it out there. Yeah. Yeah. But I mean, there's gotta be a lot of bullshit. There's a lot of fake stuff. There's a lot of misinformation. Don't think that we're at least 10 to 20 years behind even whistleblowers what they actually have. So even if they were to release some of the stuff, they still have other stuff that's just so far more advanced than we could possibly imagine. I would imagine. I I I bet they have some Stuff. That's what's crazy. They can keep a lid on that though. It is. That Is crazy. It's impressive. But it's all, we just both said that we would shut up. That's true. You'd I mean they, especially in today's day and age, there's Well, the threat of death is Yes.


It's Pretty strong motivator for Also, there's no way to hide that stuff. Unless you're a chatty gay guy and James O'Keefe gets you on camera, Get off grinder, watch out. I wonder what apps they're using to get those chatty gay guys to give up all the juice. That's Pretty impressive. Yeah. Yeah. I would stop hiring chatty gay guys if I was involved in anything secret. Don't do it. Don't do it. You wanna hide Something, they'll spill the bill. The they'll spill the s they've got Dick's a lot of the big fish too. I know. It's incredible Out there. Yeah, Guys. Yeah. Pretty wild. CNN Yeah. Yeah. Wild stuff that you should be in jail for what they found. Yeah.


Yeah. All that stuff is like horrible. But again, nobody goes to jail. Nobody gets Held down. Yeah. Except this lady with her frogs. That lady's a problem. Well If you, if you're threatened of the establishment Yeah. She probably is. She probably figure something out. Yeah. The illusion of freedom. We have a lot more freedom than every other country. But still it's, it's an illusion. But you can't go after the, you know, the, in this country, two of the big ones are vaccines and cancer. Yeah. And that's what I've been actually diving deep into the last about year because I've had a number of people in my life get cancer. And you've had a lot of people on the show who've talked about, you know, SV 40. Yeah. Yeah.


But also the remedies they've been using. I mean, Mel Gibson, I here talking about F Bend and, and Ivermectin. Yeah. And that's what I've been in the weeds, you know, learn, learn about the last, the last year. So it's really Fascinating. Such a disservice to humankind by demonizing ivermectin in order to push vaccines. 'cause in so many sheep and so many dullards and so many people that are just boomers that believe everything that's in the news, ivermectin is a fool's medication Even today. Today, yeah. Even today. Like if you told they would have to be dying of cancer to even consider taking that. Yeah. I had a doctor tell me that was why would you wanna take horse paste?


What a dumb doctor. What the fuck are you talking about? What a dumb ass doctor imagine saying that. Did you, did you ask him, do you know the history of the use of that drug? I I did. It ended the conversation. It was like, It's literally like saying penicillin don't take penicillin. They use that on dogs. Yeah. I don't care. This got a no Nobel prize. It doesn't matter. Nobel prize for use in humans on the world health organization's list of essential medications. Yeah. And horse paste. The thing about cancer is wild is, is that the majority of doctors during this process will not touch diet at all. Yeah. And will tell you diet makes zero difference.


And my problem is the same problem I have with the, with the vaccine and really the medical industry in general is there's no more informed consent. Right. The informed consent around cancer would be that it's a metabolic issue. Yeah. And cause it wasn a metabolic issue and you're talking about anaerobic cells, then restricting sugar from your diet is a good place to start. Yeah. And none of these fucking doctors will talk about diet, sugars, glucose, anaerobic cells, nothing. No. Someone I'm close to. We do radiation and chemo. That's It. Well, the It's very profitable. Extremely profitable. That's the the problem is chemotherapy. They're doctors are incentivized in, in, in a way to prescribe, Send you vaccine. Yes. Yeah. They're both profitable.


Yep. Which is really dangerous. It's really dangerous when you make more money if you give people medication. 'cause then you get doctors like that doctor in Ohio that got arrested that was giving chemotherapy to people that didn't have cancer. It did Like a lot of people. He just was trying to make more money. Yeah. And when you incentivize and they're in that kind of a position of power where most people don't know what's going on and this is the voice of authority. And they're like, look, your diet, your diet doesn't matter. Doesn't matter at all. Yeah. They told it to someone close to me that got cancer diet doesn't matter at all. Well of course it matters. It matters to everything And it certainly matters to your metabolic health and your fucking immune system. Yeah. And then we know for a fact that cancer thrives on glucose.


Yeah. If you're in like a high sugar diet and a highly processed food diet that is you are ripe for inflammation. Yeah. You're gonna get all kinds of inflammation that you wouldn't get if you were on a restricted diet that's higher in animal fats and, and, and low in processed sugar. Yeah. Ketogenic diet is a great place to start because you're restricting your body. But there was another article recently about how ketogenic diets are giving people cancer or that people are getting heart attacks and strokes on ketogenic diets. Like you're talking by the me, American Me Medical Association written by them, or it's, it's Probably by the same people that paid off the people to say that sugar wasn't the cause of heart disease and that it was saturated fat.


The, the ones that was going on in the fifties and the sixties, the Food pyramid creators probably. Yeah. It's a mess. But fortunately there's enough alternative sources of information that some people I would pro I would estimate it's like between 10 and 30% of the people are getting the truth. And then there's 70% of the people that either don't have friends that know these things, don't have access to these websites, aren't getting informed that there's a lot of these people that are doctors who are very credentialed experts in their field who have stepped outside of the narrative. And they're, they're doing it because they feel they have a moral obligation. And they're saying like, this is a problem. This SV 40 that we find in vaccines.


Simeon Virus four 40 is known to cause cancer. And they found traces of it in the COVID-19 vaccine. And so in some of the batches of the COVID-19 vaccine, they find SV 40, SV 40 gives people cancer. Boom in cancer, no connection. Isn't it ripe too that AstraZeneca is making a cancer vaccine? Well that's just 'cause they're nice. They're good people. Did you ever see what AstraZeneca means in Latin? Yeah. What does it mean? I just saw that it means Jamie, bring it up. What does it mean again? Something horrible. Something about something death. Yeah. I don't care about life or something.


Something. I got it. Stick It right in your face. It's like, either it's a wild coincidence or they stick it right in your face. Come on, somebody's got it. Laying it out. Okay. Yeah. Here we go. Post incorrectly, Incorrectly interprets the meaning of AstraZeneca. Oh, yep. So what is the correct one? Okay. What are they saying? It said weapon to kill users claim AstraZeneca means weapon to kill the post. Here, here, and here. Show a screenshot of the translation. Astra Z. And Weapon that kills. Yeah, A weapon that kills alleging that ASRA means weapon in Hinduism. Z means that in Polish, well, there's a bunch of different languages.


Kar, I mean that's like a little bit connecting the dots. Zs captions. But what does it really mean? What are they saying it really means? I know. Does it mean anything or is it just one of them names? Astros is roots in Greek. Aron meaning a star. Zeneca is an invented name created by an agency instructed to find a name, which bring began with a letter from either the top or bottom of the alphabet, as was phonetically memorable of no more than three syllables. And do not have an offensive meaning in any language. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hmm. It's all weird shit. Like, why would you do that?


Why? Like, just the way that you're creating this name. You don't want it to be offensive in any way. And you want it to be phonetically memorable.


And like this episode is brought to you by blinds.com. Here's the deal before blinds.com. Getting custom window treatments used to mean booking an appointment, waiting around for a quote and crossing your fingers that it wouldn't cost a fortune. blinds.com absolutely disrupted the industry. These guys came in and flipped the whole custom window treatment game on its head. Wanna do it yourself? Cool. Want that full white glove treatment? They've got you. Maybe you're somewhere in the middle. Yep. Still got you covered. Shop completely online. Talk to one of their design pros for a virtual consultation. Or just get free samples and handle it your way. No matter how many window treatments you get, installation is one low cost with no hidden fees. blinds.com has covered over 25 million windows so they know what they're doing. Plus every order's backed by their 100% satisfaction guarantee. Memorial Day deals are happening now@blinds.com and JR. E listeners, get an exclusive 40% off your entire order. Just go to blinds.com and use the code Rogan 40 at checkout. Limited time offer rules and restrictions apply.


This episode is brought to you by degree, original, cool rush deodorant. You gotta love when a brand can own its mistakes. So last year people got really mad when Degree changed their cool rush formula. Well, guess what? Degree? Listened, admitted they messed up and are bringing the original Cool Rush Scent back. Grab some from Walmart, target or other stores now for under $4. And remember why? It's the number one men's anti-man for the last decade. The original degree. Cool. Rush is back And it smells like victory for all of us.


You know, it's like There was a thing on the internet a while back about the, when they had that crazy campaign, but Balenciaga as well. What Balenciaga, they broke down what Balenciaga means, which is Baal is king. Baal being the God of the Old Testament that I didn't see that was worshiped. And then Balenciaga put together that crazy campaign where they spelled Balenciaga with two ways, like Baal. And then they had the kids in it. They had like books in the frame that were by a pedophiles pedophile. Crazy stuff. It's like, is that just fucking coincidence or are you trying to, it's Right in your face. Yeah, It's, I think a lot of these people are super arrogant and they've been running these kinds of operations long before the internet existed, so they still behave in the same way.


It's like when politicians get caught saying things and they said, I've never said that. And then the, they put this like whole long reel of them saying it over and over again. It's 'cause they forget. They used to be able to just do that. They used to be able to just bullshit. And now there's too many internet sleuth that are out there just immediately pulling things up. And then of course those are the internet sleuths that you get massive pushback if you platform. If you talk to those people, everybody's like, why are you having those people on? You had you had Ian Carol on Yeah, exactly. Yeah. And it, you know, fucking everybody freaked out. Why? Because he's really into it and he's uncovering, and maybe he's wrong about some things, But he does some crazy research.


Yeah. Maybe he's right about things. That's the problem. He's, it's not what he's wrong about. That's the problem. He opened my eyes to the, to the, what does he call it? The mega corporation that owns everything. He went through, like all the different brands and the fact that it's basically Vanguard State Street and BlackRock that own everything. Yeah. And then they own each other. And he's got, he's got stuff on his, on his website that that shows if you're looking for a brand, who parent company is who owns that company. And it all comes back to basically this conglomerate of BlackRock, state Street, Vanguard, JP Morgan and Fidelity, I think. Or you know, they were kind of the main four or five there. Whatever happened to like breaking up monopolies?


No, they only did back in the day with the, with the, you know, Rockefeller. Well they did it with Microsoft, didn't they? Did They? Sure. I think these companies are like the pharmaceutical companies. They, they realize like, what's the live nation? You know, like the, these huge monopolies that don't own everything. They're like, it's just a, an added cost. You know? I mean, sue it at some point for a billion and we're gonna make 15 billion off it and Right. It's a 14 billion profit. So whatever. It's a drop in the bucket. Well, that's what happens when drugs get pulled and then people Get Yeah, you talked about it with The, you know, it's, they never get viox, you know? Yeah. They never get fined more than they made. Never. Never. It's always less than they made.


And the Back's the perfect windfall because they have immunity. Yeah. They have the, the perfect immunity. They're talking about pulling that. And that's gonna be the biggest fight. That'll be the biggest fight. 'cause there's, there's still this narrative out there. And when I had Suzanne Humphreys on, First of all, that was one of the greatest, and you got me onto her book. Yes. I read her book and then I read Bobby's book and Her book's incredible. Her book Is Unbelievable. And no one trying to see it. And I gave it. No. And I gave that book to a lot of my friends who are of, you know, of child childbearing age. Yeah. And they're starting to have kids like, just, I'm not telling you what to do, but just at least research this. You have, you know, all the information because they're not gonna give you the information. I, my friend just had a kid and got him and his wife got, you know, got, I know what the right word is, but got kind of harassed for not, you know, jabbing up their kid on day one of Oh yeah.


Of her life. Well I experienced that when my kids were born. Yeah. They wanted you to dose 'em up. And we were like, no. Yeah, no, we're waiting. We're not doing anything for years. Yeah. We had a very good pediatrician though, who wanted us to get the kids vaccinated, but on a delayed schedule. He didn't believe in doing it all at once. I mean, it's like, what? You can't, you're not even supposed to eat sushi while you're breastfeeding. You know? You know you're supposed to eat sushi while you're pregnant. 'cause you could get some sort of a parasite and yet you're gonna take pregnant women and dose 'em up with this experimental vaccine air quote, vaccine experimental medication is gene editing. Well they changed. Yeah. You know, they changed the definition of vaccine. They changed the definition. Yeah.


But there was no studies on whether or not women were getting damaged by No studies got released. Right. Yeah. And now there's some study that it's destroying their eggs. Yep. Yeah. Have you seen that? See if You can find that. I bet you can. That Cancers, Yeah. See if you can find the eggs that turbo Cancers Crazy. I know. I saved the egg thing. I can definitely find that. People dropping. Kids dropping. Yeah. It's all very dark, dude. It really is. Because the more you look, the more you find. It's not What about the, what about the nanobots? What about 'em? What are you thinking? What, I've heard some rumblings that, you know, that was kind of like a fringe conspiracy theory.


That there was some nanobots particles that were in the vaccine. Yeah. I'm not buying into that unless I see more because there was a lot of that. People were saying there's magnets in there. Look, that metal sticks to your injection sites. Supposedly there's a frequency that brings the particles together. Nanobots, I haven't heard That. Brings the particles together in the body and creates a, that's, it's like a tracking device. I just sent Jamie this study, VA's adjusted data and other derived from the MIT Florida Department of Health study findings that yield a conservative range of 470,000 to 600 th 70 600,000 American deaths from the COVID-19 mRNA shots.


That's it. More than, well just that alone. That's a lot of people. Man. More than World War I, world War II and Vietnam combined. If that's true, it indicates Pfizer. This is Pfizer alone. So this is not even Moderna. Oh, okay. Pfizer alone likely killed over 470,000 Americans. They found a 36% increase in all cause mortality among Pfizer recipients versus more Moderna. Yeah. But they saved millions. Yeah, I keep hearing that. I think the saving millions thing is even based on the idea that you wouldn't get COVID if you got the vaccine. Which turned out to not be true at all.


None of, But they said turned out to be true. No, No. Can't get it. You can't spread it. No. You're more protected. More robust immunity. Yeah. What was I just gonna look up? Winter of death for the non vx. Oh, that was a good one. That was a good one. That's my Favorite. There's more studies coming out about myocarditis. It's All, who's gonna be held accountable though? That's a good question. Oh, here's the fertility study. Who's gonna apologize? I haven't heard any apologies. Have you? Nah. Anybody apologize to cnn? Apologize to you yet putting that filter on your face. No, it'd be nice. Yeah. You should probably apologize. Get Sanjay get the, get Gupta back on here.


Sure. He'll apologize. No, I'd have him back on. I guess I know what we talk about, but you know, there's only So much CNN plus maybe You can defend. That was a fun trip. That was only a few hundred million dollars failure. Oops. They gotta be doing a little better now that now that trump's back in. They got something to talk about. I don't think they are. No, no. I think the, I hate to see it. I think CNN's ratings are abysmal and the only thing that saves them is that people just are consistent. They just go on there at a habit. I don't think people are seeking it out. So this is fertility study. A study of 1.3 million showed successful conceptions per 1000 women were considerably lower for women who were COVID-19 mRNA vaccinated preliminary results call for further studies of the potential influence of COVID-19 vaccination on human fertility.


And I think in that thread they were talking about what it does to ovaries their eggs and ovaries. Yeah, it's right There. Yep. This is what a lot of the conspiracy theorists were talking about when the VAX was coming out. Yeah. Well It's like, which by the way, the conspiracy theorists are undefeated still. Yeah. Conspiracy theists are around COVID. Yeah. Way more accurate than CNN way more. Even if they got things wrong. Like let's say there's no nanobots in the shots. But even if, whatever that forget all that, I think the nanobots in shot would be too expensive. That's why I think it's not real. Yeah, I'm with you. I mean, how, maybe a few people got It. Maybe.


I still don't think bi Biden got it on tv. I think they saline that dude. I don't think they put a, a real COVID vaccine in him Memories. Like they didn't, they didn't aspirate on any of the people on exactly. On tv. Well, or anybody I know that got the shot. Yeah. I asked everybody who got the shot, did they aspirate your, your needle? And they, what do you mean? Well, in the syringe, when they plunge it in to make sure you're not in a blood vessel, they pull it back and they see if there's blood and if there's blood in it. They find a new injection site. Did they do that? Oh really? They just Plunged. They were supposed to do that Motherfucker in Everybody just got plunged. Yeah. And then there was this, the idea that it was gonna stay local. Don't worry it'll stay local. No. Not only is it not staying local, your body's producing spike protein up to 700 plus days after the shot And some of the autopsies coming out.


Yeah. A little bit creepy. Yeah. That's the other thing. Not just autopsies, but coroners who are finding these crazy Clots. That's what I mean, coroners. Yeah. Not autopsies. Yeah. These crazy fucking clots. Yeah. That look like, like big white worms that are inside people's bodies. They have, they've never seen before. And I think that that's hold people accountable. Where's Hold 'em accountable? The news. Where's the news during their job. If the news was really the news, if you guys were really there to tell us all the information that we should be concerned about, like perhaps there we are wrong about what this shot does. And perhaps with some people maybe that where it did get into their bloodstream, which is what they think happened was the people that they didn't aspirate.


'cause they didn't aspirate anybody. They think some of those people went right into their bloodstream. And then your body's fighting then off. Like it's an intruder. And and that's where you get the myocarditis and all sorts of other neurological conditions. And it's crazy. We gotta do a second shot though. And then a third and then a fourth to Be and then ninth. And then Yeah. There's people out there that took nine of those fucking Things. Hey, guess what? It's just like the flu shot. Yeah. Yeah. They get you for one strand of the flu per season. Not only that, it makes you 25% more likely to get sick with something else, but you're Way more protected. I've never had one. I mean, I think maybe I had one once. Maybe somebody made me get one once. I don't know. But I never get the fucking flu shot.


And people are like, I don't get the, I get the flu shot every year and I've never got the flu. Well bitch, I don't get the flu either. Like, what are you saying? Like, I got the flu like once And it like a couple years ago for like a day or two days, I got a couple of vitamin IVs and I was good to go. Like this idea that you have to get this fucking shot, are you gonna get the flu? And if you get the flu you're gonna die. Like That's a lemming effect. That's a lemming effect. They just, I, I gotta do this. Everybody else is doing, if I don't do it, I'm outside the herd. If I'm outside the herd, I'm outside of, you know, my livelihood. Well It's also, you don't wanna get the flu. The flu sucks. You don't wanna be laid up in bed outta work. Yeah. The best immunity is natural immunity, contraction and Yeah. Beating anything. Yeah. Just about. Which is probably why I don't have the flu Because well maybe diet has something to do with it too.


Yeah. A lot of things have to do with it. Yeah. Yeah. You don't eat like shit. Yeah. That's a Maybe take some vitamins. That's A factor. No, Mr. Hotez, what You need is a balanced diet of cheeseburgers. Yeah. That was a crazy one. The hotez one. That was A great One. Looking at an overweight guy who's clearly unhealthy telling you the only way to get healthy is an injection. No, don't take any vitamins. Really Doesn't exercise. Doesn't take vitamins. Eat junk food. Like, Okay. Huh. And I'm listening to you. Why? And those are the people prescribing, going to college to be a doctor, prescribing drugs. Yeah. That's really what it boils down To. They hook you that deal with symptoms that keep you a patient for life. Yeah.


And it's, and Profitable and anybody trying to actually heal people and treat the patient. Yeah. You're a kook. You're a kook. Naturopath, kook. What are you saying? Vitamin C, fucking hippie. Vitamin C. You fucking hippie. Vitamin C. Jesus Christ. The really crazy thing from the Suzanne Humphrey's book that got me was the connection between DDT and polio. Yep. What we call polio. How about how they changed? Just like the vax, they changed the definition of polio. Right. Once the vaccine was introduced, they completely changed the definition of polio to show this immense drop off. Look at polio, look at this. It Doesn't exist anymore. It's like, yeah. Really? Yeah. Meanwhile, all the other things that could be what people were experiencing symptoms of all still existed and, And most of the diseases cleared up from sanitation.


Clean air. Yes. Clean water, Proper sewage. When you get a charge of like, when sanitation was introduced, everything goes away. Yeah. Yeah. We were living in squalor and filth. Human beings were living dead outhouses all throughout New York City. No ventilation. People were no nutrition, no food. People were starving to death. They were working horrible hours. And of course everybody was sick as fuck. One of my favorite parts about the book was there was during the cowpox epidemic where they were like cutting people's skin and putting like possy Yeah. You know, disease into it as the vaccination. And there was a county in England I believe that wasn't doing any of that stuff. And it was the only county that had zero cases or next to zero cases of, of cowpox in the area.


And, and the other counties just hated 'em because they, you know, were the, you know, anti-establishment, non-vaccinated people. And it's like, what happened today? Like, look at, yeah. How come we haven't studied the Amish? Like there's been a few studies, right? Why do the Amish, you know, live longer lives or healthier? They don't have any sids. No Autism either. No autism. Yeah. That's the, the SIDS thing's the scariest one because there's people saying that what Sids is, is these children dying from vaccines. And that what you're, oh, your kid just died suddenly. Well who knows what happened. Well, did anything happen before that? Did you like maybe inject them with a bunch of Chemicals in the last couple weeks?


Was hepatitis B for a fucking baby? Did that go down? You know what happened? But nobody wants to say it because nobody wants to be responsible for their child dying because they'll let that happen. And it, instead of going That's interesting. They go, oh, you're a fucking anti-vaxxer. You're, you're that you're anti-science. It's like the content of what I'm saying is, doesn't it fucking piss you off that Sids even exists in the first place and you've just put in this blanket made up, you know, made up. I know what the right word is. To to label. Label. Oh it's just sudden infant death syndrome. Right. We don't know what it is. It just happens suddenly. And it happened to an infant and they died. Wouldn't you wanna figure out what the fuck caused this? Instead of just like, well, well we don't know.


Right. It's just, there's just a small percentage that just happens to, well, what happened to the baby in the first, you know, right before the day before. Yeah. Two days before, a week before. Two weeks before The Amish and the autism thing is really nuts. They don't find any Autism. They found in the study I read, they found two cases of, of autism in this Amish population. And both were adopted kids. Gee. Who had been vaccinated. That is so wild. That's so wild. It's like the overall implications are so large that people don't even want to consider the possibility of it. They'd rather keep the blinders on. But They, it's like what Carl Sagan about said about people being bamboozled.


That it's easier to bamboozle people that are than to trick them. It's easier to trick them than to convince them that they've been tricked because they don't wanna believe it. Yeah. And that's what you see. Like people are like, you start talking to them about the possibility that of these things caused all these problems and their eyes glaze over. They're like, oh, where are you hearing this? Well, where are you hearing that? That's not the case. Why are you so confident to say that this is what happened? People just like blankly COVID vaccine saved millions of lives. Millions. Like how do you know that? How do you know that? How many do you think got fucked up by it? I know a lot of people that got fucked up by it. So do I. And most people do too.


And they don't want to admit it. Well it's not correlation. Causation is not correlation. They wanna pretend Why was su why are they trying hard to scare the shit out of everybody? Tell me that. Why'd they have fucking debt tolls on the the news. The news stations make a Lot of money. And that's what vaccine, same thing. There's a ton of money. Ton of money. Doctors get huge bonuses for fully vaccinated kids. That's the truth. Isn't that? I mean like Yeah. Instead of attacking the person that says that, isn't it something you should look into? Right. Is that a conflict of interest? It Seems like it is. Should be. Yeah. It seems like it is. Lemme try one of those. Yeah. Get In there dog. I know. What Are, you're not gonna try two You you want two at least. Come on, get a couple more, man.


You're gonna run dry. My friend Brendan Shaw, he had like four. I love Brendan four. Four sixes in his mouth. I'm like, what are you doing? You got four in your mouth? Like, dude, I love them four at any given time. I got four in there. Like, that's watch. They have one I think called the Pablo. Is that what it's called? I think it has 30 milligrams. Like I try, I put it in my mouth for a second. I was like, I can't do this A good one. Yeah. I can't handle this. This says it's got a 50. Oh my god. 50. Geez. Oh my God, that's so crazy. That's so much nicotine. You're supposed to have like six milligrams a day for the benefits that they talk about.


Six. That's it. I think that's it. I think that's all you need. And The benefits increase the more you take. I don't know. We'll find out. Imagine if like they do a study on all these guys that were using tobacco pouches all day. Like Shane Gillis, he fucking swaps a new one out every five minutes all day long. He's just popping sixes. Real American right there. Absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah. It's, it's a weird, I thought they were super addictive. So I quit for a few days. Yeah, that was fine. It was nothing. I felt nothing like even not even a headache. I have a stronger will than most people though. Yeah, but I didn't even get a headache. Like when I quit coffee, I get a headache.


This episode is brought to you by fast growing trees. If you wanna know what you're putting into your body, growing your own food is a great place to start. But listen, you don't have to start your garden alone. Did you know fast growing Trees is the biggest online nursery in the US with thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers. They have all the plants your dream yard needs, fruit trees, privacy trees, flowering trees, shrubs and so much more. Whatever plants you are interested in, fast growing trees has you covered. Find the perfect fit for your climate and space. Plus, get support from trained plant experts on call to help you plan your landscape. Choose the right plants and learn how to care for them. Great. If you don't have the greenest of thumbs and their Alive and Thrive guarantee ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy this spring, they have the best deals for your yard up to half off on select plants and other deals and listeners of our show get 15% off their first purchase when using the code JRE at checkout. That's an additional 15% off@fastgrowingtrees.com. Using the code JE at checkout fast growing trees.com/jre. Now's the perfect time to plant use jre to save today. Offers valid for a limited time terms and conditions may apply.


This episode is brought to you by Montana Knife Company makers of the best, most sought after knives out there. The company was founded by my friend Josh Smith. He's been making knives since he was 11 years old and became a Master Blade Smith at just 19, which is wild 'cause there's only about 140 to 150 Master Blade Smiths in the world. Plus these knives are made right here in the USA, right in Montana. And they're designed, tested, and built by hunters. Four hunters. I've been loving the Magna Cut Blackfoot 2.0 when Master Bladesmith, my friend Josh Smith, launched Montana Knife Company. He set out to create the ultimate do it all knife, small and light enough to pack on a goat hunt, durable enough to completely feel dress a moose and shaped a gut cape skin and de-bone with ease. He called this flagship knife the Blackfoot, And it remains his go-to blade. And I love it as well. It's truly the only hunting knife you'll ever need. Although MKC is still a young company, the demand is already crazy. Literally every time they drop a batch, they sell out in minutes. So if you want to be the first to know, sign up for SMS alerts for exclusive knife drops and their email newsletter to get notified about restocks. Or go to Montana knife company.com and see what's available now.


Yeah, I've quit coffee a couple times. How come for a day or two just for fun to see what happens? And I'm like, oh, I feel like shit. I'm a hundred percent addicted to coffee. But I could quit it. It would just, I would feel like shit for a couple days and I would just figure out what to take. So I don't feel like shit. Sugar I think is the biggest addictive, addictive ubstance. Oh yeah. You cut sugar out. You do like a Oh yeah. People freak whole 30 or whatever. You know. People freak out. They freak out. That gets you. Yeah. Well that's another thing that freaks out when people start trying ketogenic diets. They get the keto flu they call it. Yep. 'cause your body's like, where's the sugar? You know? And then there's also the problem that a lot of the sugar that we're getting is corn syrup. And corn syrup is, it's sort of a manufactured sugar.


So your body, there's an extra step your body has to take to process it. Like people wanna say, oh, well it's chemically the same as it is from fruit or cane sugar. But no, it's not. It's not. No, no. It, the science shows that that is not the case. Not only that, Anthony Fauci Not that guy. Okay. If you criticize Anthony Fauci, I am science you criticizing Science. Science, okay. What about those fucking AIDS vaccines? You gave foster kids your piece of shit. Yeah. In the 1980s where they died. What About the polio vaccines? Your best buddy gave in India and maimed and Yeah. Paralyzed a bunch of kids. How About that? Most of the polio was from vaccines. Th th This is like modern polio. There's like, there's a large percentage of modern polio that is vaccine derived The majority.


Suzanne says, Yeah, people, you tell that to people and they go, what? No, my favorite one can't be is when I, when people get nutty about all this stuff. What about polio? If they didn't have the polio vaccine, I go, Jonas Salk, What percentage of polio do you think is asymptomatic? Meaning you have polio but you have no symptoms at all. And they're like, oh, probably none. None, none. No. 95 to 99% you say. Then they're like, what? And then you Google it and you see it right in front of your face and people just go, what the fuck is going on here? Like, what is that? And then Suzanne Humphreys, when she connects DDT where the first cases of polio were from rural communities where they were spraying DDT on all the crops. Yeah.


They were spraying DDT everywhere. No one knew that DDT was so bad for you. They were spraying it everywhere and not just people were getting polio. Dogs, horses, cows. It was like animals were getting the same symptoms. And polio is not cross. It doesn't cross poll. It doesn't go to these other species. Yep. It doesn't jump species. It was DDT Poison and it's coincidence. It's wild. You tell that to people and their eyes glaze over. It's, and I get it. I get it. I've been there before. It's like, it's too much. It's too much to admit as Carl Sagan says, the bamboozle, Why though? Why can't we just be common sense? Like that's what I was thinking the other day. I was like, I don't want any shit in my water.


Let's take out the fluoride. Let's take out the chemicals in our water, in our food. Can we take out artificial dyes? Is it too hard to have the same, the same food us manufacturers that you, that you put in the food in Europe that doesn't have the dyes in it. That doesn't the bullshit that has for the same Company. 20 less ingredients. Yeah. The same shit for us. Yeah. The same company. No one's saying don't give us fruit loops. I want fruit loops. Just gimme fruit loops that don't gimme cancer. Yeah, you can do that. It's still bad for you but so what? It's less bad for you. Wouldn't that be better? Like oh it doesn't look as pretty What? Once the milk gets in there and everything gets crazy, who gives a fuck?


You know? No little kids are looking at that going, I don't like this as much. The colors are dull. Yeah, no, they're gonna eat the fruit Loops. But is it too much to just want to have like common sense shit, your vaccines, can we get 'em just double-blind placebo tested safety test in Vaccines. Well they're gonna do that now. And this is another thing that Bobby's done. Are they? Yeah. Come on Bobby. The other thing that Bobby did on, did you see that conversation that he had with the dentist about fluoride? Yeah. Where the dentist was questioning about fluoride, why you're gonna have a lot more dental surgeries and and then Bobby hits him with the stats about like, what, you don't need that in the water. You could use if fluoride is so effective, you use it orally like toothpaste and mouthwash and you spit it out. You don't have to swallow it and take it into your, and you probably shouldn't even do that.


I don't use fluoride toothpaste. No. Eddie Bravo had a great point. He's like, if, if fluoride did so much, why would they specifically advertise toothpaste as not having fluoride? Fluoride free toothpaste. Yeah. Which is true. That's what I use. I don't have any cavities. Yeah. I haven't had cavities in fucking ever. I can't remember. There's there some other ways to to to avoid cavities too. You know, like do oil pulling. Just swish some coconut oil around your mouth. Yeah. Add some baking soda if you want to. It. Do you know this the, somebody was talking about this recently about the, the myth around root canals. Oh The And the danger of root Canals. Yeah. The root canals can possibly leave bacteria under parasite Skin paras.


Yeah. It's, it's really bad for you if you have a root. Can I have root canal? I'm getting mine taken out. What are they Getting? You're gonna put a drill hole in there. A post and get a new tooth? Or are you just gonna go toothless New tooth? I think. New tooth. Yeah. You don't want to, yeah, it'd be kind of cool if I was a hockey player. Maybe to, Maybe I get a gold tooth like a wrapper. Let's go Platinum, platinum diamond. Have a couple diamonds in my teeth. Yeah, let's Get a grill. I can see you with the grill. I'm thinking next UFC All diamonds and vampire grill. Big, big UFC coming up. Yes. Yeah. The rab rematch with sugar. Sean. That's an interesting fight. Very interesting fight. I do not know how Suge Sean keeps that guy off of him, but I do like what he's been doing.


Got off social media, stop smoking weed. Just dialed the fuck in. Yeah. Got his hip fixed. Which was a big par problem. There's a lot of these fighters that take these fights because it's a lot of money and it's a big event and they don't want to cancel and they got a, a significant injury. Yeah. Sean could not wrestle. Imagine not being able to wrestle and camp and you gotta go and you're gonna face a Rob who's gonna get you on the ground. He's a fucking animal. That guy's superhuman. There's no one like him. The cardio that guy has is off the charts. It's just off the charts. I've never seen anything like it. He doesn't get tired. Yeah. And he's full gas. No breaks the entire fight.


It's just smothering. Yeah. Overwhelming people. Even Ner Madoff who's also an animal. Yeah. He couldn't keep him off of him. I know. This motherfucker's crazy. And then when DC went to visit him on Sunday, the day after the fight, he was out running what? Yep. DC went to his house to congratulate him and he's like, and DC made a video of it 'cause he, he showed a video of Maha's gym. He's got this gym in his garage. Pretty dope. And he's like, this motherfucker's out running. He just won the world title. That's crazy. And the next day he's running, he's an animal man. He's a fucking animal. How sad. Did not see you in Montreal. Yeah, I haven't been going to Canada lately.


I talk too much shit. I love Canadian people. I love it. I do love Canadian people. And I like Montreal. That's a good city. I love Montreal. Yeah. One of my favorite restaurants, Joe Beef is in Montreal. If you can get in, go there. It's fucking phenomenal. I'll drop you in. Incredible place. Incredible place. They'll let you in. But there's, the culture in Montreal is amazing. Yeah. I've always loved it. I've been gonna Montreal since the nineties. I love it. I love Vancouver. I love Toronto. I love Canada. Like I love the people. I just think they're going down a dark road with this government and you can't, it's hard to pull that stuff back once they start taking away rules or instituting laws, taking away rights, pulling people's guns, doing all the things that they're doing right now.


They allow polygamy now in Ontario. Do they? Yeah. They just passed a law. They allow polygamy. 'cause they have so many Muslims there. Are we sure we want them as a 51st state or Yeah, we can clean it up. Yeah. It's never gonna happen. He was just trying to fuck with them And it had the worst effect possible because they thought that Pierre and the conservatives were a s shoeing that this like, it was gonna be a Jordan. The way he described it, he said they were in a position where the liberal party had a real risk of complete collapse. And then Trump comes along. I'm gonna turn into the 51st state. I was on the phone with him and he was telling me, he's like, I kept calling him Governor Trudeau.


Yeah. And, and he goes, and I was, first of all, I was joking about turning into a 51st day, but then a lot of people go, it's actually a good idea. I think it might be a good idea. It's so crazy. But that is the worst possible effect because then Canada United like, Hey, these fucking Americans think they're gonna take over us. Eh. And then they, sorry. Yeah. It became a disaster for Canada, unfortunately. 'cause if he didn't say that, Pierre would've probably won. I Think. Is this guy worse than Trudeau? Is that possible? That's what Jordan believes. Really? Jordan believes he's worse than Trudeau. He, he's Jordan thinks he embodies all the worst aspects of the world Economic forum. You know, young global leaders mentality of control and some of the things that he said about every decision will be made with climate change in mind.


Like that kind of talk. Climate. Climate. This idea of climate change. Yes. Yes. Sure. We should definitely clean up the environment. Of course. But understand that there's no thing they do ever that's completely benevolent. It's not happening. Yeah. Everything they do is about power and money. And so if they're pushing global health or if they're pushing climate control or climate change, it is about power and money. It's a Restriction of rights coming. For sure. And they just do it in a way where it's kind of undeniable because the, the future of our, our world, the future of your children. Meanwhile, Canada's just pumping coal. Yeah. Like a fucking semi on the highway.


Just, they just fucking making coal power plants. They're like, look at these idiots. We are just gonna make as much electricity as possible. 'cause we're in a fucking technology AI race with these assholes. And then they found out that China has been sneaking in all of these listening devices to these solar systems that they sold us. What about the transformers? Yeah, the transformers. There's yeah, there's a lot of different things. Yeah. Chinese solar power inverters. This is what it is. I'll send it to you Jamie. If you can't pull it up in time. It's a race to see who gets it first. Jamie or me? I can see it already. You got it Bitch.


He's always Quicker than me and he's only typing one here, which is even crazier. That's impressive, Jamie. But so they found out that there's, they're calling it a ghost in the machine. There's these rogue communications devices found in Chinese solar power inverters. Yeah, of course. If we're stupid and we take their stuff 'cause it's cheaper. And there's no limitations on these foreign countries buying up land in America where you can't buy any fucking land in China. Yeah. You can't own a company in China. You can't buy land in China. They're smart about it. And we're stupid About it. We got another China virus. Huh? So road communication devices not listed in product documents have been found in some Chinese solar power inverters by US experts who stripped down equipment hooked up to grids to check for security issues.


Two people said over the past nine months, undocumented communication devices, including cellular radios, have also been found in some batteries from multiple Chinese suppliers. Cellular radios in batteries. I mean, this is the ultimate Trojan horse. I mean, props to China, they're so clever. They knew we're dumb and they know we're greedy. So we want like cheaper stuff. Why don't we just Shut this shit down? 'cause we can't make these things. This is what Trump is trying to encourage. Like, you know, we talk, I talked to Tim Cook. Tim, you don't wanna be opening up a plant in India. I don't like it. And people's like, that sounds like fascism. No, it sounds like somebody's concerned about national security.


Yeah. Like maybe we shouldn't have, like who knows what's in this. Who knows what's in this. I never looked, I've never looked in this. Yeah. I don't look. And most of these are made in China or India. Right. Why aren't they make 'em here? So we know that it's just the CIA spy on us. Nah, they couldn't be doing that. They're be benevolent. You Know, they wrong. My favorite one is these phones that can't be hacked. Oh yeah. Because I, I asked a, a legitimate security expert to do a deep dive on this and he sent me an actual PDF. Like he laid out all, he like literally went through it. He's like, I can get in all these. Yeah. Everybody can get If I, and he's like, if Wasn't Elon gonna make one though?


He's talked about it. But he's, I hope I don't have to make a phone. That's what he says. I hope I don't have to do that. But if they get into his iPhone and fucking texts get leaked and that kinda shit happens. Maybe he will. I was watching Kill Tony. Who's the comic who played Elon? Kyle Dunnigan. Kyle Dunnigan. He's the best. He's Hilarious. He's So funny. Dude. He's So fucking funny. Have you ever seen his Instagram? No. Oh my God. He does these face swap videos with like Trump and Stormy Daniels and the Kardashian Stormy. It's like, it's, he's so funny man. He's so funny. He's such wild dude. Kyle is like the most underappreciated guy out there I believe.


Yeah. I really do. In, in terms of like all out funny. I mean he, it's his stuff is so ridiculous. Company I feel like is kind of in a better place. Is in a better place. Yeah. I think a big turning point was the Tom Brady Roast. Yeah. I think that was 'cause it was the biggest thing ever on Netflix. More people watched the Tom Brady roast on Netflix, which is wild comedy. Tony Hinchcliffe and Tony was Unbelievable. On fire. On Fire. Yeah. I mean he took that super seriously And you know, I actually got a hold of Tom to get him on the roast. Really? I was like, yeah. I'm like, you gotta get Tony Hinchcliffe.


If they're doing a roast on you, you got, he's the best roaster alive. Yeah. No, no exaggeration. So you think after that just more stuff was on the table or people were more, Netflix was all of a sudden like wide open. They were completely open to do wild stuff now because they're like, look, fuck all this woke shit, this is not profitable. Not only is not profitable, like you we're actually killing the business and you're killing the business of comedy. 'cause people watch these specials and like, what is this like you made a DEI comedy special or you know, an inclusive comedy special where you are letting people do comedy in the biggest form in the world just because they fit this particular group of people.


This particular political group. It's, it's crazy. It's identity politics in the worst way possible because it's counterproductive for your business. Your business is to provide entertainment. And then some of your more successful businesses are wi the movies and shows. They're wild shows. Yeah. Like crazy shit happens in these shows. But not with comedy. With comedy. We have to gatekeep. We have to keep it. And I think they realized after they did a few of those things so that nobody watches them. People hate them And it actually is bad for their business. And then they do the Brady Rose boom and they're like, okay. You know, and when I did my special, they had no limitations on me. They didn't say anything.


And they have Before And it was live, but no, because it was live. They're like, we're not, we're not telling you what to say. It's live. Just go ahead. We trust you. They went to see me live at the club. They're like, okay. I'm like, really? Okay. They're, we, they're letting it go. Now. Tony has a special that's coming out on Netflix. They're doing Kill Tony is on Netflix now. Really? He's doing more roasts on Netflix. Yeah. I love it. It's great. That's what you need. And then I think it's also the co competition with YouTube because so many people, like Shane put his special out on YouTube. Ari put Jew on YouTube. So many people are putting these wild specialists on YouTube and they're getting massive numbers. Yeah. Massive numbers. And so I think they're just like, look, this is a, we're in the fucking business.


Like what are we doing? This is obviously like super popular and people love it. And it's also really good. This is really good comedy. Yeah. Like what are we doing? What are we doing? Let's going, Going woke. Going woke. Let's go back to where we were. And now that Trump's in office, it's like, well the the whole country leans in that direction now. So people want you to get more wild SNL's kind of funny again. They've Had some funny sketches. Yeah. They they had Shane on twice. Had Seen on twice. Yeah, I know. Yeah. So it's good. It's good for comedy. It's good Comedy has to be looser. You, you have to be more wild. It doesn't mean you're cruel. It doesn't mean you're evil. It's just comedy. Just like movies where people get shot. That's not evil either.


Okay. It's like comedy is funnier when it says fucked up things. It just is always has been. It's a joke. Yeah. Backed from Richard Pryor and Lenny Bruce and Sam Kenon and Bill Hicks and everybody else. And Eddie Murphy. It's always been the wildest shit is what's funny. King's Of comedy. Yeah, Exactly. King's comedy, blue collar tour. You know Dave Chappelle. It's like, it's all with the wild shit. It's the funniest shit period. That's what people wanna see. That's what people wanna see. They know what it is. It's a fucking art form. It's called shit Talking. Yeah. That's what it is. Put your offense to the side. Yeah. Just go have a good time. They don't mean it like, have you seen Brian Holtzman yet? No. Oh my God. You gotta see Brian Holtzman. He's a a, a Los Angeles legend that we got to come out to Austin and he was like the guy that would go on late at night and, and he's so wild that Mitzi Shore wouldn't put him on stage for two weeks after nine 11.


Really? She's like, no, don't let him go up. And we were dying. Holt's like, miss Mitzi, I don't understand. I'm not gonna say anything crazy. She's like, no way. No way. Two weeks, Two Weeks later he's just singing the Most Fucking ridiculous shit. He went on stage after Susan Smith drowned her kids. Like the day after. He is like, I heard there were bad kids. I heard they sat that close to the tv. They didn't pollute away their blocks. They were always spilling their fucking milk. Those kids would not be missed. Like it's, it's a crazy character you meet in real life. He's the nicest guy on earth. But he's so funny. He's so ridiculous. I don't wanna tell you what he's talking about now. I don't wanna give it away.


But comics just line up to watch this guy. Yeah. Like when he's on stage we all get onto to the balcony. Like a Holman Story. Has he been to the mothership? Oh yeah. He is in the He headlines there all the time. Nice. He's there all the time. He wasn't having an audience in LA 'cause they were putting 'em late, late at night. And here we're like, throw 'em up at 10 o'clock. Let 'em headline. Yeah. Give them 40 minutes, man. Let 'em Gopuff. I love it. It's fun. It's a good time for comedy. A really good time for comedy. But movies though, we need, yeah, movies. Movies. Haven't caught up though. No. But Have you seen, I'm not saying we gotta go make Tropic Thunder multiple times. Have You seen RA's new Netflix series? No. Oh my God. Is it, it's So crazy. Yeah, it's so crazy.


What is it? It's called Bad Thoughts. Okay. It's these short sketches, these short films, essentially they're all like short, like five, 10 minute films. Yeah. And there's just a bunch of 'em. And they're fucking ridiculous. Like so outrageous and so crazy that you're watching like, no, no. Oh my God. What the fuck Dude. They're really is. It just, Just Is Bert with a Bird? A bunch of people? No, Bert's not in it. And Bert actually made a video congratulating on the Tom and on the Outs. I don't know why I wasn't on it. Did you think about me having, having me on it Kind of weird that my best friend didn't have me on his show. Yeah. He's like, I'm kind of, and he said, Tom, I'm kind of joking, but also kind of serious. Like, was there any talks about having me on? He's a little hurt.


Your first alternate, but you know, just, just missed the cut. I wasn't on it either. Yeah. You know, who cares? Just it's great. It's really great. And it's again, it's like Netflix taking wild chances. Just completely wild chances which I got so much goddamn money. Like.


Yeah. This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. Summer is around the corner. And I don't know about you all, but I have lots of plans. Camping, beach excursions, cross country road trips. It's always nice to get outta the house and enjoy the sun and open air. What's not so fun is leaving your home unprotected for days on end. You've got valuable stuff there. Personal documents, family heirlooms, all your tech protect whatever you need while you're away was SimpliSafe. And I'm not saying that SimpliSafe has been named the best home security system by US News and World Report five years in a row. It's also been ranked number one in customer service among home security providers by Newsweek and USA today. Probably because SimpliSafe will go above and beyond to keep you and your family safe. They have professional monitoring agents that can help watch over your home when you can't. Plus their technology is state of the art, helping to capture anything suspicious on or around your property. Check them out. SimpliSafe has plans that start at around a dollar a day. And right now get 50% off your new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and your first month free. Just go to simplisafe.com/rogan. That's simplisafe.com/rogan for 50% off and your first month free. There's no safe. Like Simply Safe.


This episode is brought to you by Carnivores. Snacks. You know, I'm all about Authentic Fuel and Carnivores Snacks delivers made with just two ingredients. Pure meat and Redmond real salt. It isn't your typical jerky full of additives or heavy marinades. You get exactly what you pay for. Nutrient dense, 100% grass fed beef that tastes real. These aren't cheap, tough cuts like you might expect. Carnivore snacks uses prize selections like Rib Eye and New York Strip offering a unique texture that's a perfect blend of slight chew and an airy crisp. Each five ounce bag begins with nearly a full pound of meat before drying. Make it robust enough to serve as a full meal or as just a snack. I bring 'em to the UFC all the time. It's what I eat when I'm there and I'm stuck sitting at the, the desk for six hours and I bring 'em for Daniel Cormier too. We both love them. Plus Carnivore Snacks is a pro-America brand supporting US farmers who practice regenerative agriculture, a method that restores soil nutrients and boost ecosystems. And that means better meat for you. Better care for the animals and better land stewardship. Visit www.carnivoressnacks.com that snacks with an X to pick up your favorite cuts of meat today and use the Code Rogan for 15% off your first purchase.


Yeah. And so many viewers, you know, it's like if you want to reach the most people, it's YouTube and then Netflix. You think UFC's gonna go to Netflix? I don't know if they could do that. I I'm not, I'm a dummy. I'm I'm not a business guy. I don't understand. So the problem is would they be pay-per-view still because the Mike Tyson, Jake Paul fight was on Netflix And it was just, you could just watch it. Yeah. Just like you watch everything else, you have to pay more for it. So if they had the UFC on Netflix, but they made people pay more for it, I don't know how that would work out. What if you just did like five bucks? Yeah. I don't know. Well that's a good question, right? Like if the UFC was $5 instead of $70, would you actually make more money?


'cause you would get millions of downloads or Millions of users. We think about the user base on Netflix. Right. It's it's pretty immense. It's Gotta be what, 500 million? A billion? Yeah. We'll find out Jimmy. It's gotta be way bigger than e plus. They, ESPN plus fucked themselves with that couple a couple ago I couldn't even get it on my, on my, Yeah, they had a crash during the uncle I of Pereira fight. Right. That's Not good. And we're all, I was like looking online like, what the fuck? I'm not the only one. Like thousands of people were like fucking, what Was the, with ESPN the root cause of that? Did they discern? I don't know. I just, it literally wouldn't let me get on. That's another fight. Pereira took that fight with a broken hand and Norovirus, I knew he was, I knew he was messed up.


He an animal. Netflix has 94 million monthly active users. The company has over 300 million paid global subscribers. So it's 300 million worldwide, top tier ad supported tier. Oh. So they have an ad now you can have ads. So it's cheaper. You can get it cheaper with ads. Okay. They're distinct from paid subscribers. Multiple individuals can share an account. Do You have any idea what the, what the average pay-per-view on UFC is? No, I don't. I don't know what the numbers are 'cause I don't think they have to disclose it. Do they even, they used to Disclose them back in the day.


I don't think the boxing would all the time as like kind of a badge of honor. You know, there's two point, like Floyd would do, you know, 4 million for the Conor McGregor fight. It was something crazy. Yeah. Like that was one of the records. And then the Manny Pacquiao fight, I think was the biggest one ever who's Coming back to fight. That's kind of Crazy. He's 46 years old. Yeah. But he's also saucy Great singer. He's not gonna come back 46 on the natch, I guarantee you. You think So? Well, I mean, if I was a person that was like prone to ridiculous speculation. Yeah. Which I am. I mean he, he carried his knockout power through eight weight classes and his physique notably improved.


Yeah. I mean, and boxing has always had a steroid issue. Steroids because like weigh-in tests, tests on the day of the weigh-ins is just an intelligence test. It's just how good is your doctor? Yeah. How good are the scientist? Same as U-F-C-M-M-A was. Why Don't they stop doing That? Well Or changed the weight classes. Usada. When UFC, when UFC brought in usada, all that changed and people's physiques melted. They changed radically. Alistair OV was the greatest example. Yeah. Alistair, when he fought Brock Lesner got drug tested and he was saucy as fuck when he's flexing on stage. Yeah. That's when he was Ubering two 60, solid as fuck ripped and just one of the more elite strikers on planet Earth.


And Brock was fucked. Yeah. And then they, they make him take the drug tests and he becomes a normal person with good fighting skills. Yeah. You know, I mean, he wasn't the Ubering anymore. This destroyer on the sauce. Man, that guy was, I would've loved to see what a, an Alistair over him run on the sauce would've been, would Been my God demolishing people. My God. It would've been epic. It would've been epic. It would've been really wild to See. So you wanted to see it back in the game? Oh Yeah. I want fun. I don't wanna see fat heavyweights. The fuck outta here. I want Alistair back. Yeah. Get 'em back on the sauce. I just like a vegan.


Now You think John Jones fights this year? I don't know. I hope so. But I don't know if he does. He doesn't have to. Right. He's a legend. He's also 37. At what point in time does he, is he 36 or three seven? He's three seven at one point in time. Does a fighter say Enough is enough. Especially a natural fighter. Yeah. And if you are natural and you have to be today, they just test you way too much. There's probably some shenanigans that go on, you know, like when Arod had those gummies that had testosterone in them And it only, it's a short, short lifespan, perhaps like that. Yeah. There's probably some shenanigans. There's still going on. I mean, if, if Balco could get away with it 20, 20 plus years now you would, you would think there's gotta be people out there who are ahead of the game.


Well, when I talked to Navitzky, he was pretty open about that. The The Oh, you had 'em on here? Yeah. Yeah. He was like, yeah, there's gonna be methods that we don't catch. Yeah. Because there's always gonna be some kind of a lab like, like Icarus, like the documentary, you know, amazing Documentary. Woo. With the KGB Woo. That was incredible. One of the greatest documentaries ever. Because, And he wasn't even doing that to Right. In general? He was just trying to He stumbled upon it. He stumbled Upon it. Yeah. And then He did that other one afterwards. The Dissident. I didn't see that one. Did you See that documentary? No. It's all about the assassination of Jamal Khashoggi. Oh really? And that one, interestingly enough, nobody wanted to stream that one. Yeah. Like you had to buy that one.


Not surprising, they put it on platforms, but you had to purchase it. And I think that might still be the case. 'cause that one, you know, 'cause like I, what's that called? Is available everywhere. Called I'm use this legal thing, the dissident. Yeah. Yeah. It's very good dude. It's very good Right there. It's dark 2020. Where does it say you can get it at? Just YouTuber. Tubby. Tubby. What the fuck is Tubby? Exactly. That's what I'm saying, man. It's one of those things where it's like they buried that motherfucker. Those are the ones I wanna see. Yeah, it was a good one. Can't get, Can't get platformed. But Icarus totally by accident. This guy stumbles upon. So what, what what Brian was doing is Brian, who's a, an endurance athlete himself, was going to compete in a bicycle race naturally.


And then the next year he is gonna get doped up juice. Yeah. And document the entire thing. So he gets a hold of this guy who is supposedly the head of the organization that stops drug use in Russia. But Gregory Chenko Chenko starts explaining exactly how to do this, how to do around this, how to do this, this is what it's gonna take. And then along the way, they get busted for tampering with the urine samples that were used during the Sochi Olympics. Yep. So it find, they find out that during the Sochi Olympics, everyone was doping. Yep. There was a Russia guy, like a ton of medals.


And they kicked ass in everything. And interestingly enough, he said the one sport that they found that didn't benefit from steroid use was ice skating. The figure skaters that, you know, like you had to have like fine motor skill movement. It was really just about being light and, and, and being able to perform those things over and over again. And they didn't find evidence that giving those people steroids helped. Which I thought was interesting because I, I would've thought it would've helped everything. I mean, there's a lot of explosive power involved when they jump and spin in the air. But, so the entire team was doping and then they had a hole in the wall where they would take the real urine sample, pass it through the hole in the wall, and they would give them back a doctored urine sample.


But it was the KGB who was, who was running that stuff? The KGB was running it allegedly. And the lids, through microscopic analysis, they had found that they developed some sort of a tool that could open the supposedly unop Without tampering with the Yeah. But they found all these scratches all over that indicated that some sort of a device had gotten in there. Yeah. And popped open the little things that kept the, the lid from coming off. Woo. Well it's like, you know, when you have the Olympics, I think first of all, my position in the Olympics is that it's a giant scam against the athletes. The athletes are generating insane wealth and they get none of it. None of it.


It's Great. It's like the top one 10th of 1% can make any type of money. Yeah. And then they go out and then maybe the top 10th of 1% they get endorsement deals. And that's where they benefit from winning a gold medal in the Olympics. Meanwhile, the people that run it, the networks, everybody else, Billions, billions, Billions of dollars. But the thing that people wanna see the athletes get none of it. Yeah. That is a crazy Deal. Especially if you're in a sport that nobody, you know. Yeah. You're a decathlete like Right. Exactly. Making no money. You're a shot putter. Yeah. It's No congrats on the gold medal. Now get your ass back to work. Nobody gives a fuck Who won synchronized swimming. Yeah. You're not getting get any money. But meanwhile, billions of people are watching you on television.


There's an immense amount of ad revenue and you're not getting a penny. Yeah. And it's the only thing that they ever put on TV like that where you don't get a penny. You said NBA gets a cut. NFL gets a cut. Everybody gets paid. Yeah. Everybody gets paid in boxing. Everybody gets paid in every fucking sport there is. And He fucking athletes. The Olympics won every four years. Yes. And by the way, you better fucking perform in the trials. Right. You can run the world record that year in competition and then go to trials. Yeah. Like a thing mu mud did. Or 800 runner and get tripped. Oh, fuck it. You missed the Olympics. Yep. Sorry. And some of these gymnasts who are the best in the world, famous or poor. Yeah. Best in the world at what they do.


Spectacular performances, the whole world. Cheers. We're watching them with bated breath on television. Pull it off, pull it off. They stick the land. Yes. They get nothing. Yeah, nothing. It's a dirty to dirty, dirty scam that's been going on for so long. People have just accepted it because it started back when there was no money in it. Yeah. Because there was no television. Like when you see Richard, when when you see Adolf Hitler just fucking jonesing at the 36th Olympics, Stripping out just fucking, that's a fucking speed. Just tripping. Don't let him beat you. Don't let him beat you. He Is just, whatever the fuck he was on, that guy was feeling it. I love that video.


Jesse Owen just fucking torches him. Yeah. And puts up the fist. Yeah. Yeah. Amazing moment in history. But it's just, that was no money, right? Because there was no money. And then once television rolled in, they didn't say, Hey, let's cut these athletes in on this. We're making billions of dollars now. Nope. Nope. They can't even pay for their fucking training. Exactly. It's Fucking disgusting. Not only that, you're never gonna beat the Cubans and the Russians back then because they were funding everything. Yeah. They, I mean, these people didn't have to worry about how they were gonna feed themselves healthy food while they're preparing to box in the Olympics like our guys did. You know, it's like we And the Chinese, what they're doing with their athletes too. Yeah. They send 'em away super early and then you're in a program for 10 years.


Well, to prepare, Especially like Russian wrestlers. Yeah. Like what did they do to you? Yeah. Like Carlin Carlin, who, the photo that I have out in the gym's, my maybe my favorite sports photo of all time. Carlin picking up that 300 pound man. Like he was nothing. Yeah. Like I pick up a 45 pound kettlebell. He's just fucking with his grit on his face. That picture. Check the fucking, Meanwhile, His parents Fucking yoked. His parents were like five five. Yeah. Yeah. He was 300 pounds and moved like a cat. Natural. I mean he didn't even seem like a fucking human when you saw him compete in his prime.


Guys would just flatten out on the ground, try to protect, just protect themselves from being pummeled into the earth over and over again. He wrestled different than everybody. Everybody was just trying to take you down. He was trying to pick you up and slam you, slam you repeatedly into the earth like you getting hit in the head by the world. Yeah. And he just did it over and over again until these guys just broke. I mean, the freak of all freaks. Look at the fucking musculature on this man. Totally natural, by the way. Of course. Yeah. I just ate a lot of Borst. Borst. Yeah. Just eating Russian sausages. And what Beets.


Well How about those European women athletes, the Eastern Bloc athletes, the women that they set records that still to this day haven't been broken. Yeah. And won't, I think that's the whole scandal about getting transgender guys, unless It's change getting there. Yep. Yeah. Back those European medals. Yeah. Get the Bulgarians. Yeah. Who are they letting in the Olympics? They're letting some trans athletes compete in the Olympics, which is like, okay, is that what we're Doing? Weren't the boxers in the couple boxers fought each Other for A bull one that were trans, They thought no one guy fought a woman, but it's like a guy with a micro penis allegedly. And like internal testicles. But went through puberty as a man, looks like a man the whole deal.


And then did a, a chromosome test for allegedly for previous boxing or organization body. And they, it came back XY and like, you're a man. And then, you know, that was very controversial. They didn't do that with the Olympics, which they clearly should like they should do that with all sports. You know, that's what the enhanced games guys are gonna do. You know, the enhanced games? No. Is the id. Okay. The enhanced games is a very well-funded idea. And they're, they're, this is, They call it the, the enhanced Oh Yeah. Games. Oh yeah. They're all gonna be on the juice. They're gonna be on the best steroids money can buy the best current techno, all the athletes. Okay. And they're gonna pay them when they win.


It's like millions of dollars. There's millions of, so they're, they're putting this together as a huge event and they're trying to entice the best athletes in the world to do this safely. This is the enhanced games. They have An update coming, I guess next week. Oh. So we had the guys on who were the, the guys who put together this and I said, what are you, how are you gonna deal with trans athletes? And they were like, I think we're gonna do chromosomes. Which is the right way to do it. Yeah. Let's stop fucking around. You know, just stop pretending that these males that identify as women who win what is like 700 women were robbed of gold medals in ver cross various sports.


It might have been more than that because these biological men pretended to be women and identified as women and dominated in women's sports. They have a giant advantage. Stop pretending they don't just stop. And if you want people to compete, if you still want to compete and you're a woman, you know, you should have to, I mean, you should be protected and only have to compete against other actual biological women. Period. End of discussion. It's not bigoted to say that. Yeah. The trans women movement is actually anti-woman. 100%. Especially when, when it comes to sports. 100%. Yeah. That's what I mean. Sports, you know, you're not seeing trans men dominating Yeah.


Anything. No, it's because there's a biological difference. Well, it's also a problem because if you're a trans man, now you have to take testosterone, which is banned. You can't take it. That's true. So are you gonna let them take it and you won't let older athletes take it? That sounds crazy. That doesn't make any sense. So if you get like a 39-year-old athlete as low testosterone, you won't let him take it. But you'll let a woman take it to become a man. Like shut the fuck up chromosomes. That's it. Double X and XY That's, and that's it's way too much common sense there, Joe. It's just, it's the idea that that's bigoted is so crazy when there's a demonstrable effect. Like you can clearly see that these people that are identifying as women, but are actually biological males have massive advantages.


Yeah. But the people who, that you're asking those questions, whether or not who are, who are not able to answer whether or not there's a decided advantage. Can't even define what a woman is so Exactly. About it. Exactly. But this is a, this is this kind of like head in the ground mindset is the same thing that you're seeing with COVID vaccines. The same thing you're seeing with pharmaceutical drugs. Same thing you're seeing with USAID and government cancer. People Just don't want to know most. And also they feel helpless. Right. So they, they they want to be like reinforced and feel better. There's a, most people that are listening to us right now are living paycheck to paycheck. Yeah. Most people. Yeah. If you're living paycheck to paycheck, how much you gonna stick your neck out for this? How much you gonna stick your neck out for a anything how, how much you gonna open your mind or open your mouth up about all cause mortalities, how much you go, like all the different things that people are concerned with in the war wars International About birth rates, the explosion Of cancer, everything that's in the news.


Everything constantly. How much are you gonna stick your neck out? Most people aren't, they can't, they don't have time. They have family, they have mortgages. They, they're, they're barely getting by. They're not gonna fucking risk everything. And they're being told not to care. Right. Yeah. And then they're being shamed if they do care. Yep. Yeah. You don't wanna be the anti-vaxxer at work. Yep. If you say, well, I'm just telling you, I watch, I read some scientific papers being broken down by legitimate PhDs online. They were explaining what the mechanism is that this stuff could cause cancer. Don't Do your own research. Yeah. Don't do your own research. Do not. That was my favorite. That was my favorite. Trust. The experts. I mean, that's like right outta Orwell. And when it's Brian Stelter saying all these people, they wanna do their own research.


What do you do Your own research. Why would you ever assume that everyone who listens is dumber than you? Yeah. Why would you ever assume? And if you are an intelligent person and someone says there's medical research papers that you can clearly read that show you results. Why, why can't I understand that? I can go through college and learn calculus. I can figure out how to program a computer. I can figure out all these things. There's all these things that I can do there. I can't research this effect that this, this chemical that I'm introducing to the human body does. Don't do your own research.


Trust these experts. You don't trust experts in anything. No. Because over time they're, they're wrong about certain things. And new expertise emerges. And we ch look, they used to use leaded gasoline. Should we trust the experts and keep putting lead and gasoline where they made IQs demonstrably lower. You can like statistically lower in places and where people grew up. And I'm one of them where grew up in a place where they, at the time where they had leaded gasoline, I probably could have been way smarter when I was a kid. I was just sniffing fucking leaded gas. I have a buddy who has a, what he used to live in New York and he was trying to do a garden in his background, his backyard.


But he's a smart dude. So he took soil samples, brought it to university and said, you know, tell me like, what's wrong with the soil? It's like, it's filled with lead. Yeah. All from those days from back when everybody had leaded gasoline, it was just in the air. Just everybody's Just lead fumes Because they didn't want the engines to ping. Because if you, if you have unleaded gas, when we used to have muscle cars back when I was in high school, if you put unleaded gas in a muscle car, they would run like shit. 'cause this was back when you could still buy leaded gas. Like when did they make unleaded gas, Jamie?


The first Time? Like Yeah. Like when was it introduced and when did they, when did they ban leaded gas? Let's, that's the better question because everybody was just breathing in this and, But the whole point is that things change. We, we Learned learn. We learned some stuff. We learn. And if we're ignoring side effects, because we wanna keep our head in the sand. That's crazy. That stops the learning which we need. Which is if why we don't do lobotomies anymore if You're a curious person. So lead was added to gasoline in the twenties to improve performance. But it was later discovered that it was a pollutant and a neurotoxin. Okay. The US Environmental Protection Agency phasing out lead in the 1970s and 1996, the Clean Air Act ban sale.


Oh, 96. Yeah. They wanted to keep making that money. Aaron Rodgers. So when I was a kid and high school. So They learned in the seventies And it took them, you Know, 26 Years. 26 years to LOL. So when I was in high school, like if you had, you know, because we had carburetors back then, there was no, none of those cars had electronic fuel injection. Yeah. And you, you you bought lead gas. Yeah. And I, I drove mostly muscle cars through my younger years. So I probably knocked my IQ down quite a few notches. Yeah. At least Three or four points. I Mean, people used to kill themselves in garages.


They would lock themselves in their garage and just let the engine run until they died. That was the way people committed suicide. They still do. Yeah. That's the way people do. It's, I know people who did that. Like, I don't know them personally, but they're friends of people that I knew that they take a hose and attach it to the exhaust pipe and then put it inside the cabin. And it's a, it's awful. It's a way that people commit suicide. Yeah. That's what is that carbon monoxide poison? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And we just put that out in the air. Yeah. But at least it doesn't have lead in it anymore. That's good.


Fucking crazy. So the point is like experts are, they don't always catch all the problems with especially novel inventions. And maybe there's some conflicts of interest. Yeah. Maybe There's being paid to say something. They're paid to do something. Right. Imagine they find out it's a neurotoxin in 1970 and they could be using it for 26 years. It's fucking crazy. Well, how else are you gonna run all those cars that need leaded gas? Aaron Rodgers is, come on, smarty pants water. Well that was the other thing, right? The guy who created a water car yelled, they've been po they poisoned me. Me, he poisoned me and then he dies. Yeah.


Yeah. How about that? How about that research gone? You imagine you're some Texas oil guy and you find out about some dipshit in Long Island that figured out a water car. Like, hey, when you seeing someone up there To talk to this fell a Couple boys up there. Yeah. Like you're realizing your empire's about to collapse in front of your face And the fact that actually happened. Yeah. Yeah. What happened to the water car? Apparently drive across the whole country on a tank or something. Where's the trash car? Like from back to the future. Right? That's what we need. Why Can't we put trash in the old Right. The old compactor. The top. Yeah. Nuclear fucking engine. Use that as energy. Huh? What is what a that water car guy.


This what did, what was the official cause of death Aneurysm. Stanley Meyers, his Name. Yeah. They got him with the old aneurysm gun. There's been a few of those guys though. Who found some, some other ways of, of doing it. Yeah. I mean, what a coincidence. What a coincidence. That a guy who develops an engine that runs on three quarters of the earth's surface that everybody has coming outta their tap. That everybody has. There's, it's everywhere. You can buy it at the store. You could, it's in your swimming pool. You swim in it. And that could be fuel And it would just, what would it release?


Mist. Nothing That Makes too much sense. Steam. Yeah. Now it'd probably be good for the environment. Probably help the trees. Yeah. But climate change, we're Spreading all that mist out there. Probably help the trees grow. It'd be nice. Be greener. You know Why we plant some more trees? Imagine If that did it. And all of a sudden Los Angeles started raining all the time. This is great. That'd Be incredible. Guess Could just got All that might actually stay there. Moisture in the air And it all comes down as rain. Have You been on Newsom's podcast yet? I heard it's really good. You would probably have me on. I'm not interested. You know, I'd like To be asked. It is not like I'm opposed to talking to democratic politicians. I'll talk to anybody But that guy. Yeah. Nah, I'm not interested.


Yeah. Yeah. I talked to Federman. I like that guy. Yeah. He see, you know, he is really struggling post-stroke. Seems like he's doing a little better. Sometimes Yes. Sometimes no. But he, he has a translator that he carries with. Oh, he does everywhere. Yeah. When he is doing the podcast, he has an iPad in front of him. So that like when, like sometimes he has lapses of memory. Yeah. Like short term. So like if you, you and I were just talking about something, he would forget what we're talking about. So he has to look at the screen. So sometimes he, he hears a question, but it doesn't process. But he's lucid and he's a very nice guy. Yeah. But they're attacking him like crazy now. It's 'cause he has a little bit of common sense. And he goes, but I'm gonna Exactly weigh each based on their individual merit.


Not exactly. Oh, this is a democratic issue. This is a Republican Issue. Exactly. They do not want anybody stepping outside the lines. That's crazy. It's weird, man. And it's weird that people accept it. If you know how the politics work. Like, I know we're only a hundred whatever days into this, but, but after we get through this first year, the congress ain't meeting the same way. They're starting to, people who are up for reelection in 2026, they're gonna start campaigning here after about three months into, into the, into the new year. Yeah. Probably. That's how it works. Yeah. So what's gonna happen? Who's gonna be held accountable? It's gonna be interesting. It's gonna be interesting. It's gonna be interesting to see how much money gets spent on these campaigns.


What about the new plane that Trump's getting? He's still getting, is that real? I don't know. So is Qatar was gonna give him a 400 Cutter? Cutter? Is that how you say it? I think so. Cutter. Yeah. Cutter. I've heard it said a bunch of different ways. Qatar Cutter. I, I've been corrected many times. Is it Cutter? I thought it was Qatar. Oh. Or Qatar. Let's find out what the real It's Cutter. Okay. Like, like, like, like a person who like cuts themselves. Yep. Horizontally. Okay. Well I'm wrong then. I thought it was Qatar. But either way they were gonna give him a $400 million jet. Which is like, I wanna know, first of all, what's a $400 million jet?


So do I And they also buying Qatar. Qatar. Qatar. Okay. What Google says then all those people that fucking cracked me. See, can we hear? Yeah. What the fuck Can we hear a person from Qatar say it? See Google person from Qatar pronouncing how to say it. I bet you there's a video on YouTube because it's a controversial one. I bet it is a video. Big controversy. Yeah. Yeah. It's Really well it is now. Theo was just there. Tell me Which one you wanna go with. Yeah, he was talking with the troops, huh? Or CNN or this one? That one. Try that one right there. Correctly.


We are looking at how to pronounce these names as well as how to say more interesting, but often confusing country names and names from geography. So makes you to stay tuned to the channel. So how do you say it? Well, officially in Arabic it is to be said Qar. Qatar easy, right? In English it is generally accepted that it is said as Qatar qar. But Kaar is how he, Okay, so it is Kaar. Kaar. It's like Fedor. Emilion gr. His real name is Fdo. But we go Yeah. Fedor. Tighten that up. Yeah. Yeah.


Qatar. We like Qatar. Sir, There's a lot of wild, wild names on the UFC you guys got. Oh boy. Yeah. Do you ever forget when you were out there doing interviews Like Yeah, there's, there's struggles. Yeah. Some of them are rough. You know, I fucked up Omar never Madoff's name once, But that was just because I knew his name. I knew how to say it. It's just my mouth didn't work. Right. Ladies And gentlemen, Omar? No, I just fucked it up. But, but that's just, that's there's a lot of these like Russian and Dagestan names that are real, like Za beat Maged sha pov. Yeah. Yeah. Nice. That's good. That, that one is crazy. You know, there's, there's a bunch of crazy ones. You in the hotel room's, Braxton?


Yeah. You have to, yeah, I get 'em. They, what happens is before the weigh-ins, like sometimes I've never seen a guy fight before. Like they, they're new to the UFC. Yeah. So then I have to find him online and watch some of their fights online. And then even then, like there's discrepancies in how to say the name and so that we have to get it from them. And then they have little recordings where the fighter will say their name and they're like, Jesus Christ. Say play that back again. Like what, what is the vowels he's using? Like what is this? You know, some of 'em Koman Ov like, yeah. Wow. Komanoff, huh. Okay. You know? Yeah. There's some rough ones. Yeah. It's generally like the Russian ones. That's nice.


Difficult ones. Yeah. Tough. Just, it's just, it's weird where parts of the world develop ways of sounding that. Other parts like if you like the way they talk in Japan versus Germany, you know, it's like, you know, it's like weird little Spanish now. Like Brazil. It's almost like a sing song the way they ji you know, the way they talk about, it's like Italian Too. Yeah. Yeah. Italian's very, very sing songy. Yeah. You know, it's weird. Different parts of the world just decide like, no, we're gonna be fucking stoic with the way we say things. And then you go to Italy, it's like they're all drunk, like, yay, ba, you Know? Yeah. Kish.


Yeah. It's fun. They like, they're having a good time and they're like the colder the climate, the harsher the sounds. Yeah, I know the harsher the woods. Hard people. Yeah. Hard people. Hard people. Yeah. Dope. Hiking. Worst. The worst time I've ever had. Trying to understand people that are speaking English was in Belfast. Oh yeah. We were in Northern Ireland. Bet for UFC. Yeah. And me, and me and this dude for Belfast got drunk at this bar. And I remember he just kept saying I to fight any Iman that he just kept repeat. No, he wasn't even a big guy. He was just, I'm like, I'm like, I believe you. We were, we we're all getting hammered and just, that was back in the day when I could get drunk with locals.


So can't do it anymore. Nah, because see Theo Vaughn got in an altercation in Nashville yesterday. No. Or a couple days ago. Yeah. Some guy was fucking with him for some viral video and Theo grabbed him by the neck and pushed him away. Theo been training, he'd been doing some juujitsu training or what? I don't believe so. No. I believe it was probably a bad move. You never know who you're grabbing, but the guy was just doing it to get a rise out of the, he's fucking with him. But that's The tough part about being out in public. It's Like, yeah. But back then I wasn't so famous. I could, I could go around. So it was fun. No one ever Tried to fuck with you when you were up? Nah, Nah. They're all friendly. Yeah. Most of the people who know me are nice. Who know of me. It's like, every now and then I'll get a side eye from a blue hair, you know, wearing a Mask.


Hey, took your mask out. I can't understand you took your mask down. People that I helped Trump. That's where it really ramped up Before the Trump thing. People didn't bother Me. Oh, the, the, the Kamala stuff about, yeah. What a moron. To not come on the show. I mean, Well Pierre didn't come on either. From Canada offered to have him on his, well really that's guys people. His people didn't want him coming on. His people apparently thought that it was a bad idea for him to come on the show. Well, I mean, I think anybody with a brain knows that Trump coming on here had a big, big sway on the election. I think Trump is a unique individual though. If you talk to a politician that only does well with canned questions and with speeches that were written in advance by skillful people, like it's fa Trump famously rants.


Okay. So the, the, to have that ability to go up in front of 15,000 people and just have a rough outline of what you're gonna talk about. And so I said to him, you know, and he just like started when he is doing Biden wandering around, like not knowing where he is going. It's bro, he's doing standup. Yeah. And he has a set. And he's doing this set to arenas all over the, everybody else has a script. Everybody else is reading off a teleprompter. Everybody else has to know what they're gonna be asked in advance. I mean, Biden famously had the questions and who to call on and what the answer was supposed to be on that no note card that got multiple times again exposed. Wouldn't You like to exposed to take whatever they gave him before the debate?


Oh my gosh. I bet it's awesome. I bet it's like that shit from that Bradley Cooper movie. Yeah. Or all of a sudden you start seeing numbers in front of you. Like, I think I got it. I think I could do the debate. Like, 'cause every other time he is like barely coherent. Well that and an earpiece. He did pretty well. Yeah. There was probably some way of communicating with him for sure. I mean, I don't know why they would risk it. Like how about the Kamala had some weird earrings. Remember those earrings? Yeah. And the company that made those Bluetooth earrings was like kind of taking credit for it. Yeah. Nah, nothing to see here. I just think it's funny how now there's the one guy on CNN wrote a book about biden's, you know, cognitive decline.


Yeah. And he was like one of the biggest proponents of like, nah, you sharp as ever. Sharp as a tech, you know? Yeah. I don't know why they thought they could write That, but it was all, it was all fucking theater. And they do a debate before anyone's ever done a debate. Let him go up there without hiss drugs. Yep. Without his uppers. Yep. Without his earpiece. Yep. Like Trump's response to some of those. I don't know what you said, but I Don't think he does either. He does. I know what He said. I was laughing at going, What the fuck is this? I don't think he does Either. Yeah. That's Amazing. And then they just fucking move him out the way. That's, yeah. How about we beat Medicaid? We they cut time off like, oh my God. Like what are you doing?


You guys set him up. But it's so bad. It was so bad for the Democratic party because if and Amber, if they were just honest about that and then had a primary Yeah. I just don't think he wanted to step down and Jill didn't wanna step down. No. Jill. Jill didn't. He's as sharp as ever. I think remember she did the one thing afterwards where he got done. She, you answered all the Questions. You answered all the questions. So good. My wife said that to me. I'm like, what are you, what did they give you? Are you high? Shut the fuck. What the fuck are you talking about? Of course I answered all the questions. She just answered questions for him on the view as well. Yeah. That Was even better. Like Dr. Jills on here. I Thought you did such a great job. You were such a great president. Is she a doctor, like a medical doctor or is she like a PhD?


She's like me. She's got an honorary degree. No, no, no. She probably is she, I think she has a real one. Yeah. Right. But that doctor thing is very sneaky. We should need a different distinction. You know, like it should be PhD, which is very impressive. Like you should be able to say I'm PhD Aaron Rodgers is. Yeah. But you have to say, I'm Doctor Aaron Rodgers. Right. Like if you, you had a real PhD in something. I Think. I'd say PhD. Right. But would you introduce yourself like that? That sounds gross, but saying Dr. Rogers is like, oh, Dr. Jill. Mm yes. Yeah. This is doctor. You're doctor. Yeah. Doctor. They used to call it Cosby. Dr.


Cosby. Right. A lot of people call it, 'cause he got an honorary, I'm just putting this out there. I'll speak at university if you gimme an honorary. I want to be Dr. Rogan. I think it would be fun. Oh, for sure. It'd be fun. People already think you are after your COVID comments. Well I was, I had a good doctor. Actually. I got a good real doctor. They gave me good advice. Mm. Yeah. How about that? Oh, what A weird world we Live in. Can't believe we're Here. But what is Dr. Jill? She got A doc in 2007. At age 55. She got a doctor of education from Delaware, I think. Damn it.


55. Congrats. That's Kind of wild doctor. I wonder if she did it just to be a doctor. Like I just Really want that. I think he's gonna look good when want that name when Joe's the president. Yeah. Dr. Joe. Didn't Joe, you know my favorite one? You know When he, she was like 15. Yeah. But whoops. When Biden was talking about his handicap to Trump. Oh yeah. I'll play you if you, you gotta carry your own bag though. Like, shut the fuck up. Hey, you gotta carry own, move your arms. You an eight handicap Joe. He Falls down going upstairs. That's so rare. It's so rare that people fall down the upstairs. Tough. And you're gonna beat Trump at golf. Trump is actually really good at golf. Yeah. Like he wins his club tournaments.


Yeah. Which is crazy. Like you're playing with like real golfers then. Like he's apparently a really good golfer. Yeah. Like what is his golf handicap? I Think he's a, he's definitely a single digit Debate. Doesn't say Trump's secret, But that's a crazy thing to say for Biden. Brian. Noah also said he would kick his ass or kick His ass. Yeah. I'd take him out To the wood. She, It was a fun time to Watch. But remember when he told that worker, like they were like some sort of steel mill or something. Punch you in the face or something. He Called him a dog. Dog face. What? A pony face. Liar. What the fuck did he say? A dog face. Dog pony face dog soldier. Yeah. Something like that.


A Pony face. I don't remember what the phrase Was. Fucking neck sniffer. But it was fascinating. It was fascinating watching people run cover for 'em, you know? Yeah. It just like, I still do that really damaged the Democrat party. That they let them do that. Because imagine if they didn't, imagine if they had a real primary, like a real one. And you know, do you think Bobby would've a chance? Yes. Yeah. Yes. I think so too. Yeah. 100%. Especially if they let him talk. Especially if they let him present some of the information that everybody's saying he needs a kook. Let me present this to you. And he's so calm. 'cause he's been doing this for so long, he doesn't get emotional. Which is a real trap. Yep. When you're accused of being a kook and you get emotional, it's a real trap Or super defensive, You know.


Yeah. Super defensive. And he doesn't do that. And I thought he was great in the, you know, in the, in the sessions of Congress when he was trying to, what do they call that when they're asking him all those questions and trying to fucking pin him down when he's nominated. Yeah. I thought he was great. No, he's great. But he's a brilliant guy. But these guys, and if he didn't have this voice issue, it would be a s shoe in. I mean, he would be, he would've won. He would've won. Yeah. He, he would've been the next president. Like I'm not bullshitting If they, if the Democratic party allowed him, they had no gatekeeping and allowed a real primary. And Bobby got in and Bobby didn't have a voice problem. And he had the intellect that he has and the background that he has and the, the history of environmental protection that he has.


I mean he was an environmental attorney that literally helped clean up the East River. He stopped these companies from poisoning the environment. And that's my problem with the entire Democratic party. Is that, is that just because Trump won and Elon is working for him and Bobby's working for him and insert anybody's put in his cabinet. All the good shit that they're doing. Yeah. The billions that Elon has found of just fraud and corruption and bullshit. Bobby's saying, Hey, let's just look at these vaccines. Let's look at the efficacy. Let's do real safety tests on these. Like all the common sense shit that's going on right now by the cabinet members dissolving the department of education.


All the different things they're doing. Like if it's good for the country, if it's common sense good for the country, then why are we not on fucking board with This? It doesn't mean you shouldn't criticize the bad stuff. No. But if you criticize everything or if you ignore all the good stuff, then no one's gonna listen to you. Yeah. You can't do that. It's like if you have an enemy. If I have an enemy, I don't have any enemies, but if I had one and he was really good at something, I'd be like, I think he's a piece of shit. But I'll tell you what, he's fucking talented. Like this thing that he does. Yeah. He's really good at it. That's just fact. Yeah. It just is what it is. And if you think someone's doing a, if they're on the wrong party in, in your eyes, but they're doing something good, you know, look, I think that's good. I think this is important. It is good for everybody. Like it has nothing to do with parties.


It should have nothing to do. There's something that a person that you don't like who's in office and they pass a bill and that bill benefits us all. We should all celebrate. And the fact that we don't is nuts. The fact that no one cared that Elon brought those fucking people back from space. The guy's a fucking hero for that. And any other time in history, any other time in history, the super genius sent a fucking rocket to go rescue the people that were trapped in orbit. Because NASA couldn't. They couldn't. And if he'd done it in 2016 when Obama was in there, it would've been fucking great. It would've been great. And they could have done it while Biden was in office. Yeah. But they wouldn't let him do it because politically it would look like a victory for Trump.


'cause Elon supports Trump. So they left those people up there. That's Fucking wrong. It's evil. Yeah, it's Evil. It shouldn't be a political thing. 96% of the articles about EL are are bad. Yeah. 96%. Yeah. You're attacking one of the smartest guys in the country who literally is spending part of his time trying to fucking clean up the government efficiency and waste and corruption and fraud. And there was a comparison to 96% of something else. That was all good. That might not be good. See if you can find what that comparison was Talking about Pelosi's stock trades or something. You don't hear a peep outta that. There's no media stories about except Fox. Wasn't There a bill that was put out there that was called Pel Pelosi Bill?


They're called the Pelosi Bill Didn't fucking make it, huh? Yeah. I love the too much money One time when she gets asked during a press On it, it's like, what? I think we should able to participate. Alright. There's no conflict of interest. She pushes the away. Like this is over. She's four wines in going, what? What are they talking? Stock trading? I Don't even know what they're talking about. I can't believe they would bring this up. I mean that's something that Elon has said. We should investigate that. How come These people, cause it wasn both Sides. On both sides. Sides. It's on both sides. It's on both sides. A hundred percent. 100%. That's something that maybe we could have bipartisan support for. You know, there's some bipartisan things that people support. One of them is the new Iboga research, which is wonderful.


It got past the first step in Texas. Good. The ibogaine for, and they're gonna do For ptsd. For Ptsd, for soldiers veterans. Love that. That has bipartisan support. Good. I love when something has bipartisan support. That should do. Yeah. Yeah. The Elon stuff should be like, look, what do you look what he's done. We should be championing it. Yeah. Okay. You don't like his politics. Fine. Right. You loved it before. You loved the green cars and electric cars and shit. Right. Its all so kooky Until he fucking won the election for Trump and now he's running Trump and he's running the government looking at his kid on Trump's lap and blah blah blah blah Blah. I think as soon as he got the Twitter files and he found out what the government was doing, he was like, whoa.


Imagine you have so much money that you could actually buy a conspiracy. You could find the answer. 'cause that's what it is. It's like the only time in history Epstein's Island would've been if we could, We still wouldn't have gotten anything out except listening devices. I mean, they're everywhere. They would've to gut the walls. They would probably gut if they sold to us, they probably gut the walls. But no, as is. Yeah, as is. As is. As is. As is. No contingencies. Just as is. Yeah. I mean There's other islands though. That's, I bet there is. Right? You gotta ask your buddy Alex about it. Probably. I bet he knows black Helicopters. Take 'em over the island. You're so good.


That's the only impression I could do. Hey Alex. Looks good man. Awesome. Him and Joey did lost some weight. He looks good Dude. He looks fucking great. Yeah. My friend Sean's training him. Nice. Yeah, he's been working with him every day. He's makes him work out. Come on, we're doing it. Yeah. Come on. He like, oh on man. Lemme check my Twitter. Yeah. Real Quick. See how my engagement's doing. If Elon didn't allow him to put Infowars on Twitter too, he puts all of his shows on Twitter and they got millions and millions of views. And guess what? He's right. All the fucking time. All the fucking time. And they just want Sandy Hook and Sandy Hook. No one even knows who did Sandy Hook. You asked the average person Sandy Hook that connected to Alex Jones. Yeah.


They don't even know the guy who was the actual murderer. And here's my question. How does one get bad information about that and how much that bad information is fed to a guy like him so that he repeats it so that you could trap him and then you accuse him of it. Well he is been right so many times about many Other things. They got that one. They got him with that one. But I mean, that's what I mean because he's been right so many times. You gotta shut him up. It's a way, I mean it's certainly, and then os he was like, he was going through it during that time. He was drinking way, way, way too much. He was drinking all day. Yeah. And he was, imagine you're in a job where you are uncovering things that nobody else knows All the time.


All the time. And that's a lot of pressure. A lot of, There's no way You can research all of it too down to the bone either. And when someone sends you videos that have been doctored or you know, someone tries to tell you there's, they're using crisis actors. That's a classic one. People say they use crisis actors. Like I don't doubt that. I don't doubt that. There have been times where the government was trying to promote some sort of a narrative and maybe they did something that went sideways and then they brought in some people to pretend that they saw something that didn't happen. Or they described something in a way that wasn't true or accurate. I think the government would definitely do that. They've done so much. They've done so much Gulf of Talk and Operation Northwoods.


Yeah. The idea that they wouldn't lie they wouldn't have people, but I don't think that would work anymore. It's tough to, the thing is it's tough. Yeah. Because you can't control. Yeah. Joe concerned citizen on the street with their phone out. Too many people have phones. It's like that, that fucking ship has left the harbor. Just, you're not doing that anymore I don't think. Unless, unless you're using like super sophisticated makeup techniques, which they also have. See some of those masks that people can put on that look Insane. Yeah. Insane. Especially in nighttime situations. Like outdoor, nighttime situations. Like there's no, they you could be, Couldn't tell a difference. No way. Yeah. Those masks are insane.


They're so see if you can find some of them. CIA masks. And by the way, this is just the shit they show you. Yeah. You tell me they don't have more advanced stuff now. Well That's what I'm saying about the, you know, the propulsion systems that they have and your guy was saying that stuff too. Like Yeah, half, half the stuff in the sky is probably ours Or someone else's. That's the scarier thing. Yeah. The scary thing is China And Then, well the scary thing, I was living in New Jersey last year when the drone stuff was going on. Oh boy. Did you see him? I saw a drone, a military style drone. Silent drone above drove. It flew right over my car. It was silent. Oh Yeah. Really? Yeah. It made no noise. No noise. Did you open the window and get Outta the car? Yes. The window was OI was leaning my head out, looking up at it And it was probably 50 yards or less up in the sky.


And it flew right over my car and there were, and I'd sit in my backyard at night and see a lot of weird shit in the skies. What did It look like? It, that one looked like a military style drone. A Ti smaller version now. Oh. Like those ones that shoots the, the rock Title. Well it was like, it was more like the size of this room end to end. Wow. Actually less probably three quarters of the size of it. Wow. And so it looked like the standard military drone. Yep. But it was silent. Yep. And it flew. Right. I was trying to point the cars behind me to look up at it because it was going nuts. Everybody was talking about it. I, I had coaches who'd seen him over their house. Mm. Different ones. Most of 'em they were seeing were military style ones. But there was a lot of people and a lot of stuff I saw in this guy that didn't look like military stuff.


Yeah. Mark Norman saw And then they weren't saying shit about it. Yeah. They had some briefing and the jersey governor comes out and goes, you know something, something's going on here. They won't tell us what's going on there. Something on when I ran off the coast and blah blah blah. And then just went. And then Trump said, oh we know what it is. But nobody ever said what it was. And then it stopped And then, yeah. And It was like right before, and there's theories. They were looking for some sort of missing missile and there's this and that. Yeah. Yeah. That's creepy. Well that was really worried about that. You know, the, the transfer of power like would've been interrupted if there was some sort of a nuclear explosion. Yeah. Like they wouldn't, they, there's ways to, And there are a lot of people thinking that something might, might happen.


Well that was, look, they tried to kill him. Somebody tried to kill him twice. And the one Yeah, but the one that where the, the kid on the roof. That one's nuts. I mean that is, you wanna be a conspiracy. And that's the thing. They Can't hold. Start with that one. They can't, they can't control Joe concerned citizen aside and who's like, hey there's a guy up there. There's a guy up there. Not only that 90 seconds before it Happened, they can't control the internet sleuths that have tracked a phone from outside where the area of the FBI office to this guy's place. Yep. Multiple times. Yeah. Back and forth. They can't track how his fucking apartment was professionally scrubbed where there's no silverware, there's nothing there.


No hard drives. No, no laptops. He doesn't have a, he doesn't have social media And if he doesn't turn his head right 90 Degrees or whatever, he's, How do you get radicalized without being on social media? I wanna know that. Yeah. Like how do you even get so politically responsible at, at 20 years old? So What is it? Is it continuous? How could you get that BlackRock commercial Billy Is a continuance of the MK Ultra stuff. Yeah, for sure. I would think. I mean, I don't know, I'm talking outta my ass, but if I had a guess, I think You can do that. I think listen for all the conversations that I've had with people that are mind control experts, including earlier this week, Rebecca Lemov, I think not only have they tried to do that since the 1950s, but they've successfully done it to certain people and certain individuals.


They've successfully manipulated people. I think they did it with the Manson family and I don't think that stuff just ends. No, the Chaos book was awesome. Incredible. It's a great book. And you had 'em on here. Yeah. I don't think that ended. No. Why would they end that if it's effective? They would just like be more secretive about it. Just like they're probably super secretive about these propulsion systems. 'cause I mean it's like we wanna pretend that the government works for us. We, we wanna pretend like there are representatives, but clearly there's all this money flowing around and all these people that have power and secrecy and Kennedy railed about it in the 1960s and they shot 'em in the head.


Speaking of that then they, that whole thing. 'cause I, that's what got me into questioning things. And then they roll out what four or five internet influence people to give them some notebook or some shit. Like they actually release some information about the Kennedy files and it's literally a, a heavily redacted just pile of nothingness. My question about that is if you're gonna shoot Kennedy, you're not gonna write it down. I don't think we're gonna find anything. I didn't think we're gonna find anything that's like, we did it. We were in the grassy knoll and we hired these assassins and here's their pay stubs. What I thought it would be is maybe we would find out some information about who Lee Harvey Oswald was actually working for.


Maybe we would find out how he was able to defect to Russia and then come back to America how he got in the school book depository and nobody, like they don't do a security run of the area where the secret service checks to see where the vulnerabilities would be. They do that kind of stuff. Why would you put 'em in an open convertible when you have like Multiple, why would you move them over case Places where people can hide. Yeah. Yeah. It seems like they killed Him and the Saru the Yeah. Zapruder film. True. And so I, I think they killed, like somebody asked me this the other night on stage. It was one of those bottom of the barrel questions. Would you if you could find out who killed JFK or if aliens are real I'm like aliens. Yeah.


Because I'm pretty sure I know who killed JFK. Like I'm pretty sure our government was involved and I'm pretty sure there was the mob was probably involved and I've bet a bunch of fucking really pissed off guys. And the FBI Hoover hated the Kennedys. Yeah. And then the Bay of Pigs went down and a lot. Lot of lot And Dallas' whereabouts him getting fired. Yep. Dulles's connection. Yep. All the way back to the OSS to the Bush family. Lot of people wanted JFK dead. Lot of people want that. To Me, silver standard whole thing, That to me makes sense thing. The alien thing makes, Yeah, If the JFK thing was a total mystery still, oh see the alien thing 'cause he's dead. He died in 63. There's nothing you can do about that. I want to know what's going on.


So do I. That's what I want to know. That's my number one thing. I wanna know what is going on. 'cause I think something's going on. I don't think it's nothing. And I think, I think it's coming. Some of it is ours. I think some of it is not. And I think we probably have been in contact with things and I think they, Since at least the forties I think. Yeah, maybe Even before that. What about one thing we haven't, it's slightly related to that, but how about Millie releasing the files in Argentina about Hitler going out there? Yeah. You see that not wild? Is that, is that confirmed that Hitler did go lived in ar he, he Survived. There's a ton of German Nazi stuff in Argentina.


Oh Yeah. Tim Kennedy went down there for a television show called Finding Hitler. I Remember that. You go down there, they have October Fest. Yeah. There's towns where they all were leader hose in and they all fucking speak German like, But we also know that there was at least five or six Hitlers, like he had multiple body doubles. Oh really? Yep. Well it's cranked out a bit. He had that idea. He's sitting there going, I wanna make fucking more of me. Can we clone me yet? I Just How fucking clone me. Hey Bels, can we get rid of this? Cracked out Hitler here. He's, he's making us look bad. And who would've ever thought that in 2025, Kanye has it in a song. My God. We're like, what?


What is the next crazy thing that's gonna explode in the news? Is Bill Clinton gonna have an OnlyFans? Like, what is gonna happen? What is the next thing that's gonna make us all go, what the fuck? Like what the fuck is going on? It's coming. You know, it's coming. How many guys were on video saying, ain't no party like a Diddy party? How many, how many people like openly talked about being there? LeBron. LeBron. Yeah. How Ashton Kutcher all these people. Like you guys all went, you didn't see nothing. You didn't see nothing. Yep. Darnell Donne went. Yeah. Did he? Of course he did. Don trying to defend himself. Is he really? Yeah. Is he trying to defend himself right now?


It's pretty funny. I gotta call him up. Darnell. You gotta back away from that. Isn't there a video with, with Kamala? She was at one of the Diddy parties, Isn't he? Isn't she in the background with Here's, it might have been the difference between Diddy parties and freak offs. Oh my God. They giving him shit too. 'cause he's sitting in his Oh, The guy from a Chappelle show. Yeah. And then, then Dave's there too. And then Russell Simmons too. Oh boy. But is that at a party or is that just a group of them together? They were like on a yacht or something like that. Okay, but that's not the Diddy party. No. Yeah. Yeah. It's not like they were kind of stuff I You think Diddy was rogue or Diddy was like a Epstein type?


It's a working for somebody. It's a good, that's a good question. Well, it would be a great way, had to comp a lot of people to compromise celebrities. Yeah. Yeah. And get them to say whatever you want 'em to do. Get 'em to do whatever projects you'd like them to do. And you know, if you're a bunch of other celebrities are there, you're like, oh look, bill Clinton's here. This is fine. Yeah, this is cool. Look at this like, Brad Pitt's here. Well this is cool. You don't even think there's anything wrong with being there. Meanwhile are you getting drugged up and filmed and then they're passing out punch, have some punch Aaron, and you have some punch and all of a sudden you're like, I'm feeling really good. I just feel amazing.


You're all moed up. You don't know what the fuck you're doing. Probably a combination of things they give you. And it's all being filmed Crazy. Now, if that's not an intelligent agency operation, it's just one fucking evil. Super genius. Who figures out how to compromise everybody by providing this crazy freak off party? Everybody's gotta put their phones away. Okay. We're gonna put up own way. No one's gonna know anything. Yeah, I mean, he's gonna get cameras everywhere. It's just one guy doing that. What a diabolical human being. Yeah. He seems pretty diabolical. He's probably working with somebody. Or for somebody Maybe. And maybe he just got too far out there. Some of the shit that came out in the trial though, like he's forcing his girlfriend to have sex with prostitutes while he was sitting there jacking off with a bandana on.


She'd rub the jizz on his nipples on his, like, what are we even talking about? But what's he gonna go away for? Like what's the charge? That's good question. Is it? Good question. Is it kidnapping or is it, I don't think he's even being charged beating her Up. Like the video of him beating her up. He's not even getting any charge for that. Megan Kelly said that. She said Who's got, who's got all the, all the videos. Yeah, we're on them. What's in the videos? What's that about? I mean, how, what would happen? What would happen? We need, if we have videos We need can to do a deep dive. If we Got videos of thousand of celebrities just butt fucking each other and sucking dicks and taking Molly and guys are passing 'em around.


Like Cols pleaded not guilty to the new superseding indictment, which added two charges to bring the total to five. He's charged with racketeering conspiracy transportation to engage in prostitution and sex trafficking. So he's not being charged with the assault. Well the sex trafficking is the worst. But He could get his charged with it in the future. It's not like they can't like charge him with more stuff. That's, that's, that's what needs To alleged. Use threats. Forced force and coercion to get victims to engage in sex acts once allegedly dangling a victim over an apartment. Bling balcony according to prosecutors. Jesus Christ. He said he poison three times.


Okay. Ex did he bodyguard says witnesses went missing before trial. Said he was poisoned three times. Did you find the cyanide thing? That's what I was trying to read this. I think it right as you said that. Sorry. But that, but if you put it In here. Oh, it's right there. Says it in here. I've been poisoned three times. Toxology report showed cyanide. Yeah. Whoa. Cyanide metabolizes into pneumonia in your body. So I've had pneumonia on three occasions. He claimed. Big homie. Big homie. These problems didn't start for me until I started to speak out about people like this. You know, it's been a hard time to line up this interview. 'cause the last time I was scheduled to be in this interview, randomly our car got hit from the side by a blacked out vehicle with no license plate.


That happened three times this month so far. Somebody didn't want me to do this interview. Like, holy shit man. Woo. But put it into gr cyanide poisoning pneumonia. 'cause I think it's not just him saying that or this article saying that. I think that's, that's a real thing. Do we like grok? Yeah, it's pretty good. I mean, I think all of 'em are dependent upon the information that's out. So The problem, the danger, the danger is that people are only like, if I'm on X and there'll be a story, the comments underneath are all saying, is this true at grok? Right, right. Or whatever. And grok jumps in. Yeah. But like, who's putting the information into grok?


Well, groks getting the information from the, the entirety I believe of the internet and some of the entirety of the internet is lies and official lies like that have been accepted as truth by organizations. So that's a problem. Says these are rare and indirect connections. There's no evidence that cyanide itself causes the infectious inflammatory process characteristic of pneumonia. If you are asking about a specific case or context, occupational exposure, a medical scenario or historical incident feel, feel free to provide more details. And I can tailor the answer further. What is the que, how'd you prompt it? Does cyanide poisoning lead to pneumonia? Not Directly.


Could you give someone pneumonia by poisoning them with cyanide? How about that? Could you give someone pneumonia? Yeah, I, I see what you say about this gr Pneumonia by poisoning them with cyanide. Good spelling. Jamie. He's got one hand. No, I was impressed by your pneumonia. Doubles. Double width, but grl. No, you're dumb. Causing pneumonia directly causing pneumonia by poisoning someone with cyanide is unlikely as cyanide doesn't create an infectious or inflammatory condition typically associated with pneumonia. Cyanide poisoning rapidly disrupts cellular oxygen use leading to symptoms like respiratory distress, seizures or unconsciousness.


But it doesn't. Purdue pathogens or cause lung inflammation characteristic of pneumonia That could get hospital acquired pneumonia. It as their secondary ations Aspiration pneumonia cyanide poisoning causes unconsciousness or seizures. The person might aspirate vomit or saliva into their lungs. This can induce bacteria or irritants potentially leading to the aspiration. Pneumonia, a non-infectious form of the condition. So that's possible. And then secondary complications that the victim survives initial cyanide poisoning, but requires prolonged hospitalization, mechanical ventilation or intensive care could develop hospital acquired pneumonia or ventilator associated pneumonia due to exposure to pathogens or weakened defenses.


That's another darkness about the fucking COVID. The ventilator. How many people got killed by Ventilators? The percentage is super high. People don't want ventilators. It blew their lungs out. Yeah, it's crazy. I haven't heard any apology about that. That's weird. Well that was why, I think that's why they removed Cuomo. That and the fucking, the nursing home he's Running again though, isn't He? He's gonna be the mayor this time. Mayor. That's what it's, yeah. Maybe it'll be good. Maybe we'll do a good job this time. Maybe he learned his lesson. Yeah, I'm sure. I mean he's anti-establishment now, right? Because the establishment doesn't want him There. Well his brother as well supposedly has been, well His brother got kicked off his CN so there you go. I mean, they're both kind of on, you know, the establishment kind of a Abandonment.


Are they getting red pilled? I don't know. I don't, you know, it's like when you're a, if you're a guy who's on CNN and you're spouting that propaganda for years and then you decide I'm not doing that anymore. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna be like you guys like really? What about all the stuff you said that's not true. Like all those times Do you own up to it And it doesn't? Right? You saw the Dave Smith debate. Yeah. He doesn't, doesn't own up to it. He thinks it's more complex. It's more nuanced. It's like, I thought Dave did great in that. I thought Dave did great when he had the other guy on here. Dave's a monster. Yeah. Dave, if you like, people think, oh, he's a comic, you know, he's, he's Not. No, he is a little more than that. He's, yeah. I mean that guy's a voracious reader and he retains.


I love when you information the voice of the, what's the other guy's name who was on there? Douglas, it's so condescending. Yeah, well that's one of his gifts. You know, it's like, what was I talking about with Dave? We were talking about, Oh, Cuomo. The Cuomo thing. Yeah. It's like you gotta be square with people. You know, if you want people to trust you, you have to say you fucked up. Yeah. And if you can't say you fucked up, they're never gonna trust you. If you are always right, they're not gonna believe you. There's no one's always right. And there's a lot of times you get things wrong where you thought you were right and you can explain why you thought you were right.


And then people will get it and they go, oh well he'll tell the truth. And if you don't do that, you can't do this because this is one, it's like once you've experienced someone that is not being directed to say certain things and is completely open about it and just a human being like you and I just humans out there in the world trying to make some fucking sense outta this shit. Bullshitters won't work it, it's not gonna work. You don't resonate. You'll get a certain amount of people that pay attention to you. This is a certain amount. Yeah. It'll never really catch on. 'cause you're a bullshitter and you can't be a bullshitter and a truth teller at the same time. I mean, the truth teller is like a fucking, like I'm a psychic or I'm a, I'm a, I'm a I'm a clairvoyant.


You know, it's, it's like, it sounds like a bullshit phrase. Yeah. Truth teller. But you gotta decide, am I telling the truth about am I looking at this stuff for what I think it really is and sticking my neck out and saying I think we're wrong. I think we're lied to about virtually everything. And then this thing that we thought we weren't lied to, turns out we were lied to about that as well. So it's like, it's not like this one thing that they lied about that everything else has been the truth. No, it's every fucking thing. But yet this one thing is one, it's the holdout. Yeah. You know, but not This one here. Not this one. Not this one. Not this one. That's Why I always say when people are trying to criti criticize me. Go ahead. But just so everybody can put you in the right context, just list your vast V status.


How many times you vaxxed, just so people know what fucking place you're coming from. Right. Did you get four or five? Did you get, did you go crazy and get all nine? But that's the thing. If you're not controlled, if, if you're not controlled, if you're not bought and paid for, if you don't have people you have to like, you like if, if, if Spotify was saying, Hey Joe, we love what you're doing. We're gonna give all this money, but you gotta stay in this lane over here. You know, just so we don't upset anybody. But you're not, and that's why people didn't like the fact that you had all these different people on from all walks of life and all sides of the aisles. Because there's too much information out there that might influence somebody to think about things a little bit differently. But you're not bought and paid for. You're not controlled.


Well, Not only that, but if I didn't go to Spotify, maybe I would've got pulled from places. Yeah. Like if I was just independent like I was before and just on YouTube, a lot of people got pulled from YouTube for far less. But I wasn't on YouTube at the time. I was on Spotify when all that shit was going down. Yeah. With Dr. Peter McCullough, Dr. Rob Malone. When all of those, those conversations were being taken place and people were freaking out, that was a time where I was only on Spotify. Yeah. And that was huge. Thank God. That's, people needed to hear that. Yeah. Because if you weren't out there doing it, who was gonna fucking do it? But That's where I gotta give Spotify props. 'cause They got a lot of Pressure. They got a lot of pressure to yank me when, when Neil Young and Joni Mitchell were, I get it, they're old.


I get it. They're boomers. They don't get it. They don't know what's going on. I get it. I'm a Neil Young fan. I still listen to his music. I love that guy. Is this stuff back on Spotify? Yes. Yeah. It went back on Spotify. No, Neil, you cave. Yes. You caved. Well, well also, Neil maybe apologize 'cause I was right. Yeah. Okay. You know, but this, these I these people still probably to this day will tell you that vaccines saved millions of lives. Like you don't know what you're saying. You, you, you've been lied to. You've been lied to. Maybe they saved some lives, but I don't know what the number is. They also caused some problems. There's, this is like reality. We shouldn't look at one part of reality 'cause it suits our narrative. And this is what people are doing. They're just shoving their fucking head in the sand. Like Yeah.


For some people vaccines probably prevented them from getting measles. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. This, it seems like they work, it's not like they don't work at all. But also they cause problems. We should be able to look at all these things. Yeah. And that's where you have informed consent. Informed consent is, You know what the possibilities are. Not that they've been lying to you and gaslighting you so that the doctor gets more incentives. Maybe They have. Right. But I mean saying but, but this is the thing, like you should, your decision should be able to make a decision should be based entirely on that. Not the influence of a doctor who is incentivized. And you should know Mr. And Mrs. Who are about to have a child. Just so you know, this doctor gets a kickback. Should you get the full 72, 75 vaccine schedules?


I don't think it's really 72. I think it's like, is it 72 actual injections? It's or is a bunch of different things mixed together. Like the mm MR they count that as three. You know, it's like one of those things. Okay, Well whatever. Whatever the number is, let's Just say it. 25. I mean any, but how about the ones? Let's say it's one. How about the ones that are indefensible? Like how hep C or hep B? Yeah. What are you doing? Why would you even do that if it has side effects and you're giving it to a baby for a fucking sex disease On day one. Right. For Hep B is day one, I believe. Crazy. Yeah. Totally unnecessary and crazy COVID vaccine. Crazy. Totally unnecessary and crazy. 72 doses. 72 doses of 17 vaccines between birth and age 18. Holy shit.


Most states mandate children get 29 doses of nine vaccines to attend kindergarten. And children enrolled in daycare in many states are required to get multiple doses of 13 vaccines. Suzanne was talking about tetanus. The tetanus one is wild. It's wild because tetanus is not dangerous. Like I always thought tetanus is gonna kill you. No. If you have an open wound with tetanus, you just wash it out and you won't get, get tetanus. Yep. What like and then the number of cases of people that got tetanus like zero. Yeah. It's like, but they tricked us when I was a kid, I was like, don't get te tinnius get the tetanus shot. I was worried I get a rusty nail. A rusty nail's gonna gimme a Tetanus. Yep. Fucking idiots. They got us, they got us about so many different things and they got us because of profit.


I think this is not a case for socialized medicine. But we wouldn't have this problem if they couldn't profit off of this stuff. If there was like a tight regulatory body that wasn't bought and paid for. Like when you see like people from the FDA going directly to Pfizer Or the CDC oh This, this is crazy that you allow us To, but you guys are regulating them and now you're going over and be on the board of That one. Yeah. But if we didn didn't have that or in a position of leadership didn't that, and you only had medicine distributed in a way that's gonna stop illnesses and fit cure diseases. Like keep it pure. Who knows where it could have gone. But why is that? Why is that a partisan issue? It should be. It shouldn't be. Everybody should be on fucking Board with it.


Right. That should be We Want things health kids. We have a pa an epidemic of of childhood issues. Yes. Yeah. And disease Bobby talks about all the time. It's all over the, The richest country and the sickest country makes no sense. And now we're one in 12 in California with autism and, and, and, and don't even fucking start talking about vaccines. And there's things that we could point to that are gonna cause that. And we're aware of them and people don't want to hear it. They don't wanna hear it. They don't wanna Hear about, you don't wanna know as you're, you're about to have a kid and you have an 8.3% chance in California of your kid getting autism. And all you're gonna potentially open your mind to is there might be some environmental factors.


It Used to be one in 10,000. How about, let's fucking look at the food. Let's look at the environmental for sure. Let's the fucking vaccines. We were talking the other day about golf courses that they're finding out if you live within a mile of a golf course, you have a high likelihood of getting Parkinson's like by a hundred and something percent more because of chemicals. Because of the chemicals. 'cause the glyphosate. 'cause you're spraying all this fucking shit all over that. How about banning, you know, GMO products? Well, Contradiction. I found The tetanus. Yeah. Just read that in 20 22, 267 cases and 13 deaths from tetanus were reported. That's a small number I would say. Right. Well outta all the people that stepped on nails. 13 deaths. But how many of them could have been prevented if they just had the, the wound cleaned like Suzanne Humphreys was saying, The same website CDC website says one in 10 in the United States are fatal.


Whoa. Which is, that's, that number would be way higher if that'd be 200. You know, That's one in 20 there. Yeah. Over a 10 year period. That's still, that's crazy. Who says that? The C-D-C-C-I don't fucking trust them. Get your shot. Get your shot Aaron. You need the tet Piss. What are you afraid of? You afraid of needles. If Suzanne is correct and I believe she is, then it's not the thing that we, we are so fucking terrified of. I don't want to get it, don't get me wrong. But what is, what's the side effects of the vaccine? Is there any, there's it possible that some people get them side effects and some people don't like every other fucking drug there is. Why are you lying about the side effects of this one drug and how come you don't have any responsibility?


No legal responsibility. If you Zero, that's great. Zero accountability. Zero. But you can't give any company that kind of leeway. 'cause they're especially a massive for-profit company that makes fucking hundreds of millions of dollars, billions of dollars. You can't give them that kind of ability 'cause they're just gonna figure out a way to make more money. That's what their job is. Your job is to regulate them, to make sure that they don't give us stuff that kills us. Their job is to make the most money they can make within the boundaries. So if they're paying you to dissolve those boundaries and have this revolving door where the people that run these agencies go right into pharmaceutical drug companies, the people that make the fucking laws and reinforce them know that they're gonna get a cushy fucking golden parachute.


They're already counting on that fucking a MGS class. They're already thinking about that vacation home they're gonna buy with all that farmers. They're they're parachuting into a lovely mansion. Yeah. And you can't give that, you can't give that to people that are getting a, a fucking civil servant salary. You can't dangle that golden carrot and not to expect it have some sort of an effect on the global health of the fucking whole world. Yeah. You can't let them go wild. You gotta, they're gonna make plenty of money. Just keep 'em inside the, what's actually good because there's a lot of stuff they make that's actually good.


Take 'em off the airways. See what happens. Bunch of guys out there running around with Bon. It wouldn't have them if it wasn't for the pharmaceutical drug company. Yeah. I heard they're about to fix hair loss. Look, there's some stuff that's good, but you gotta have regulation. You gotta have someone who's like saying, this is only what's good. Not just for profit. And I don't know if socialized medicine fixes that because everybody that I talked to that's in England and everybody starts Australia in Canada, it's fucking terrible. Takes forever to get shit fixed. Yeah. Takes forever to get a fucking scan. If you think something might be wrong, you might have cancer. It's forever. You Break a bone and you can't get a scan for eight weeks. My friend Jen, she blew her ACL out. Shout out to the rivets. My friend's up in Alberta.


She blew her knee out and she couldn't get a fucking operation for a year. She had a wa she's a bear hunting guide. Okay. So she's got a hardy people, bro. Yeah. Okay. She's got a fucking giant ACL brace sprain. The giant brace, the hard one. DonJoy. Yeah. On the outside, the fucking ones you Velcro down. Oh yeah. For a year. Hoofing it, carrying shit out into the woods, riding on four by fours. And these fucking dirt tracks where grizzly bears are. 'cause she couldn't get a ACL fixed. And then when they got and they fixed it, they did a shitty job. Like it wasn't, it didn't, she can't fully extend her knee. She can't fully lock it out.


And she's had it broken down. She went under. But they, they tried to break it down through like horrible manipulation that you wouldn't be able to tolerate. So they put you out and still Specialized. Medicine's not the answer. Listen, incentivize medicine is good because it incentivizes doctors to be bad motherfuckers. Like if, if I want to get a knee operation, I want that dude who fixes the Lakers. I want that guy who drives a Mercedes who lives in Beverly Hills. He's the best. Yeah, that's what I'm talking about dog. Yeah. When you got your, your Achilles fix. Yeah. Yeah. You don't want's fucking socialize medicine. No. You want the Mac daddy. You want a motherfucker with a Rolex on. Yeah. You want that guy who makes plenty of money and likes the fact that he's the best at what he does and he's gonna fix Aaron Rodgers Any fucking innovates.


Yeah. And Tries things. Yeah. And studies his craft. You Want all those doctors that take care of pro athletes. Yeah. You don't want socialized medicine if shit goes sideways. You want bad motherfuckers. If you, if you have a a, some sort of a neurological disorder, you want that guy who's this groundbreaking research scientist and a doctor who's putting all this stuff together to try to figure out, we gotta be able to fix Parkinson's. And we're close. We're real close. Like they're that close. You want that guy? You want a guy who's incentivized. You want someone who knows if they come up with a drug that's gonna cure a disease, it's gonna make millions and millions of dollars. But You know what happens? And I figured it out during the last year when I've, you know, been in the weeds with these people who are close to me that have cancer is that innovation is not, is frowned upon.


And alternative ways of of dealing with cancer frowned upon. And people who are doing it are getting fucking raided and, and lawsuits and shut down. You gotta be real, real quiet if you, if you're helping people on downlow, because that's one of their money makers. I know a well established doctor in Texas, a rock solid credentials. Like handles a lot of like very high level people. Like a concierge practice. Yeah. Who got almost shut down because they were prescribing ivermectin during COVID. Like had to fight it in court. It was a battle. That's what happens when you actually heal people. You become a pariah, No problems at any other point in the career.


Zero problems. And all of a sudden this one thing, and you're on the verge of getting shut down for being a kook. You, you're taking care of billionaires. Billionaires. When I called you during COVID and after you got in COVID and, and kind of wrote down your protocol And stuff, I put my stethoscope on when I got on the phone with you. I appreciate that. Dr. Rogan. Yeah. I put my fucking o lab coat on When I looked for, for pharmacies that would prescribe hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin. It was one pharmacy in Wisconsin that was crazy on the down low because Wow.


It was like you were gonna get fucking shut down. Isn't that crazy? And you rated and lucky enough I had the right connections, got the stuff, and in 48 hours I was fucking perfect. You know, science denier. And they hated it. You're a science denier. I am. I know. People were telling, like, when people found out I was friends with you, like you're friends with him. God, he believes some crazy things. I go, what does he believe? It's crazy. Nothing. They got nothing. No One's got nothing. They all Just, they were told, they told, they told he is a fucking crazy kook. Really? Why? Yeah. Well, you know the COVID thing. Yeah. Right. Like Yeah. Like me You mean the same thing? Well, no, no. You, you took a bunch of, you took the monoclonal antibodies as well, like, because they were available.


Yeah. So did I Yeah. Yeah. They were, they worked and Bought the way. Yeah. I was given them by somebody who said I would lose my medical license if they knew this. So don't tell anybody by the way, They got unavailable real quick. Yeah. Because people realize like, you don't have to get the vaccine, you get the monoclonal antibodies, you just get cured and you get all the natural benefits of a natural infection, which are seven times better. The whole thing was so weird to go through, you Know? But why are you still talking about it, Joe? I know. Why do you still care? Well, maybe 'cause nobody fucking apologized. Well, it just, everybody just wants to change fucking History. I think what what's important is not that we keep bitching about what happened to us during COVID. 'cause I think we definitely have talked about that too much, But that people recognize that this is a pattern that exists in every aspect of the narrative that you're being fed on television about all the foreign wars, about the banking system, about everything.


Everything. You can imagine every bill that gets passed that has a bunch of crazy stuff inside of it, the open borders. Why were they allowing people to just come? Why were they paying people, giving them money? And why were they moving them to swing states? Everything you've been told about everything is bullshit. Yeah. Everything, everything in the news is bullshit. You, if you really find, wanna find out the actual information, you have to bypass all of the commentary on all the mainstream television shows there. It's all nonsense. And you have to listen to people like Glen Greenwald. You have to find the Matt TBIs love, love Glen. Yeah. You have to find the Michael Shellen bergs. You have to find the people out there that are, that just talking to you about the actual information from a completely non-partisan, unbiased perspective.


I mean, I I've said this before, but think about where we would be if Elon hadn't bought Twitter. Yeah. We'd be fucked. Yeah. We'd be fucked. Yeah. We'd all be really fucked. And I, I don't think people realize that because Kanye's got a Hile Hitler song on there right now. People are mad that I said it was catchy. Listen, I don't support it. I don't think it's a good thing to do. To tell me that. It's not a catchy riff is like, you're crazy. It's a terrible thing to say. Absolutely. It's like a, but I, I firmly believe that you should let people say terrible things and then people should decide with, in the marketplace of ideas, both with their willingness to go see him live and support him.


And with the rightful criticism that you're gonna get from everybody who hears it it and has something to say about it. And I think all that is how you figure out what you should and shouldn't say as a human. You know, I think you should never say some of the things he said about Jews because you're talking about everybody. You're talking about all these different human beings. And to say that they're all the same is crazy. We don't want that with Asian people. We don't want that with white people. We don't want that with black people. We don't want that with anything. Whenever you're just like all these people when you say it's this, but you also should be allowed to criticize if members of a certain community have taken over your business.


And if you criticize them, you will get Deb banked. And if you criticize them, you, I don't care if it's Jews or Democrats or Republicans. If Republicans are doing that and you start criticizing Republicans, you get Deb banked. You should be able to talk about anything. You shouldn't be excluded from talking about things just because these people are of a particular class or a particular religious persuasion or a particular nationality. You should be able to talk and criticize everything. And you know, from talking to Mark Andreessen and learning about deep banking, that's where it got so dark because it was just people that were right wing that were involved in a lot of these startups and a lot of these things.


And he saw them get Deb banked just for supporting political candidates. Becoming a public person. That's a problem. And they got de banked like, you can't bank here anymore. We don't like how you think about things. That's crazy. And that incentivizes people to shut the fuck up, keep their mouth shut. Maybe even support political candidates you don't believe in. Like it's, that's like, it's It's a modified, it's a modified social credit. It is. It's scary man. When when we allow shit like that, that's fucking scary. How fuck. But it should be scary. You want something that dog Yeah. Get in there my man. It should be the same for Republicans as it is for Democrats.


We should be terrified if the Republicans start doing shit like that. We should be terrified. That's why all corruption should be exposed. Doesn't matter if it's right or left. If, if you got Republicans and Democrats on the Pelosi machine Yeah. Fucking dominating the stock market. Shut 'em all down. That's fucking illegal. That's corrupt. You Can imagine if, if you found out that people donated to Gavin Newsom, so you take away their bank account, you know, fucking crazy. That would be, but you know how crazy that would be if the Republicans started doing that? Yeah. No, you gotta have, you gotta take your money outta here, man. You gotta go to a fucking uni. The bank of Croatia or some shit. You gotta go to some foreign country or something. I Know. It gets that. A hundred percent. A hundred percent.


And that's, that's why we've gotten so idealistic with our politics. It's like o only if it's the other side. Yeah. It's like what about corruptions corruption? What about fraud is fraud? What about, yeah, Fraud. Fraud doing shitty stuff. Evil is evil. Yeah. And because Elon is a part of the Doge and they've successfully demonized Elon, you know, then anything that gets cut is like an affront to democracy. Anything that gets removed despite the fact that things like the Department of Education from the time that it was invented to today, where we were before it was, we were number one in the world with education. Or at least in the top two or three.


What were we when they created the Department of Education and what, what were we as of 20, 24 down Pretty far. Yeah. We're not, we're not anywhere near number one anymore. So it's not an effective department. So if the department and if giving the power to the states and allowing states to implement common sense strategies to increase children's scores and to give them the freedom to do that and to innovate, I think is a good thing. I think it's the competition of the marketplace of ideas. Yes. And if you find out that this place has a legitimately excellent school system fair, you're gonna want to go to that place. Yeah. Yeah. And that's gonna encourage commerce, that's gonna encourage the, the growth of businesses like this is, these are all good.


That's gonna, What it does is it turns it back into a meritocracy. Yes. Which is what we need. Yes. We also have to address as a community, as a country, And you know, this is something that never gets talked about enough. There's places that are fucked and they're not gonna unfuck themselves. And if you're talking about Baltimore or the south side of Chicago or any of these cities that have experienced the exact same environment for generation after generation of crime and poverty, that needs to be addressed. And that's the only way we fix the crime problem in this country. It has to be just fixed from like a children level. We have to stop children from growing up in these horrendous environments, improve these environments, give them a fucking chance.


And you have all these exceptional human beings that can come out of that. And that's what I don't agree with the right side. That's exactly what I, I don't agree with on the right. Yeah. Like people that are against welfare are against social safety nets. I'm for all that shit. But I'm also for guidance and mentorship and, and and examples of how to live a life that's full of meaning and and accomplishment. And anybody can do that. Anybody could do that. If you, if You can get an education, if You can get job, if You can get out there in the world and if you have a fucking chance of not getting indoctrinated into a fucking gang and you're not forced to sell drugs, you don't get murdered when you're 15. That's what we have to stop. 'cause this is like, we have untapped potential of human beings that are just being poisoned by an environment that's never gonna change.


And if we don't look at it that way, you wanna make America great again? Have less losers. Yeah. The way to have less losers is give more people opportunities. It doesn't mean take away opportunities from white people. That's a stupid way of approaching it. Yeah. Like stopping white men. Wow. We have too many straight white men. Like, that's crazy to say. We have too many anything. Just give more opportunities to other people by boosting them up from the part that's fucked. The part that's fucked is the neighborhood that they grow up in. Yeah. That needs to be addressed Scale. And the right doesn't scale on a national scale, doesn't wanna wanna address it. Exactly. But like Thomas Sewell said, it hasn't worked just electing all democratic candidates. What have they actually done? How have they made it better in the last, since the civil rights, too Many grifters too many people on the take, too many people just using those, all those political platitudes and all of those beautiful ideas about, you know, equity.


Yeah. Act blues On the world And Yeah. All that shit. They're just aligning their pockets folks and things aren't getting better. No, not at all. The, the, the solution is the same solution that's everywhere. Like make it profitable. That can be done. Like you, you, we got these no bid contracts that Halliburton got to fix Iraq after we blew the fucking shit out of it. And you can't have contracts for companies to profit off of going into these inner cities and providing mentorship and making more of a responsible police presence. And then maybe some places where people can detox safely medically. Yeah. Maybe some education.


Maybe provide them with nutrition. Give people job skills. Figure out a way like, And it everyone's, it's not gonna work with everyone. You're gonna have a bunch of people that don't wanna do it. They don't wanna change, but there's gonna be a bunch of people that are looking for something and you're gonna give them that something. And now you've got a winner. Now you've got someone who develops an education. They have good mentors around them. They've got people that are showing them. There's other ways to live life. If there's a concerted effort to do that, you've got massive amounts of potential that's just fucked. Fucked by their environment. Yep. Yeah. And then if you just do it once, then you have a something to look to look to. Yeah. There's your mentor. Yeah. There's your, that's what I wanna be when I grow up.


Yeah. I wanna get out and do this. Which is the inherent problem with racism. And the problem with all these videos that you see of black people doing wild things online. It's like, yeah, you're looking at that, but you're also not looking at the environment and these people are forced to exist in. And what would you be like if you were in that environment? You'd be the same way. We'd all be the same Way. The constant gentrification of those areas isn't helping. It's not helping. Just making them more concentrated and the haves and the have nots of the world have never been, it's never been like a further divide. And I'm real scared about AI and automation because I think everybody's pretty much universally in agreement. There's gonna come a point in time where some sort of a universal basic income is required.


And you know, I think that's probably true. And Andrew Yang talked about that a long time ago. That's not a bad thing though, I don't think. But When you're totally dependent on the state. Yeah. Totally dependent. And you don't have any meaning anymore because like, what are you doing? You're just waiting for your check all day. There's gonna be people that decide that's not enough for them and they're gonna, there's always gonna be people that are go-getters. There's always gonna be people in this world that want more. And they have a drive for ambi. They have an ambition, they have a drive for success. There's always gonna be people like that. But there's a lot of people that could be like that. But they could get lured into complacency if they just get money every month and they don't want to doing shit. And they waste their life.


And they never really, they never really developed character. They never really def define themselves by things that they didn't think they could do. But pulled off and realized that they can ask more of themselves. And it's very satisfying to do that. They didn't learn those lessons that you clearly learned and that I learned. And a lot of people listening to this learned, you're gonna be dependent on this fucking, and if the government turns tyrannical, which it got slippery during COVID, man got real slippery, got real slippery. And so now they know they can kind of pull that off. All they need is like to be more sophisticated about it. You can't get the same guy that you had during the AIDS crisis. Have a new guy and make sure that he knows that masks don't work.


'cause eventually they're gonna figure out masks don't work. We have him on video saying that masks work. You know, what is this six foot? How did you figure that out? Don't say that. Don't say that. That doesn't, it's just random. Yeah. You know, they'll be more sophisticated about it next time. Good luck. But we have to be careful. We have to be careful. 'cause they're always gonna wanna do something like that. And that's just what they do. You know, you play football, I talk shit. That's what they do. They control people and that's what, and they're really, really good at it. Yeah. And we are also, they do it under the guise that they are working for us. You know, government by the people for the people bullshit. But it's like that osho line. Which one? But the people are retarded.


You never seen that? No, I haven't seen it. Oh, let's close with that. Let's close with that. I'll Say, speaking of that, that I think this is a fake, oh shit. Wrong way. What happened? I, I don't know that this is the original source, but I found this one looking for this information. It says in 1979, we were ranked number one in the world at the time. After 40 years of government run education, we have fallen to number 24. What is the real numbers though? Well, I can't find anywhere that this is even accurate. That's, he made it up. That's, I went to this guy's Twitter account. Not is he real guy? That's not even his Twitter account. Oh, He's a fake guy. It's A different person that's Got Twitter account. China, US fucking China got us. But then this information's been debunked a few places. Interesting. They Weren't even interesting. Oh, Elon posted it. Well, Elon repost a version of it.


That's kind of what happened right here. Elon posted it. He posted bullshit. Isn't that funny? Jimmy Carter not exactly great value for the money. How does he have the time to tweet so much? I just don't understand that. That blows me away and play video games. Yeah. It blows me away. He's an expert gamer. Allegedly. Or he pays people allegedly for him. Allegedly people game for him. Yep. Which just fucking, Here we go. Here we go. His democracy basically means government by the people of the people.


For the people. But the people are retarded. He nailed it. And you can say that again. He nailed it. Alright. I love you brother. Love you too. Thank you for being here, man. It was always, always fun to talk to you. Alright, goodbye everybody.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Whether you're building the perfect vegetable garden or booking your dream summer vacation, you share your information with all different kinds of people and places. But not everybody who handles your personal information is going to be as careful as you. And it only takes one mistake to expose it to hackers and identity theft. Maybe that's why there's a new victim of identity theft every five seconds in the United States. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a LifeLock US based restoration specialists will help you solve identity theft issues on your behalf, guaranteed or your money back. Plus, all LifeLock plans are backed by their million dollar protection package, meaning LifeLock will reimburse you up to the limits of your plan. If you lose money due to identity theft, you can't control how diligent others are with your personal information. But with LifeLock, you can protect it. Act now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use the promo code JR. E or go to lifelock.com/jre for 40%. Off terms apply.