
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience Train by Day Joe Rogan podcast by night. All day We doing this? Yes. I'm glad you brought the alien Echo fish. You did not have to do that. I appreciate It. I fucking love your channel, dude. I've spent countless hours watching your hilarious videos. So cool that you've even found it. Well, you know, Gino told me about it a long, your brother Gino, who I've been friends with for years, told me about it a long time ago that you guys were doing this. And I was like, really? All right, interesting. And then I watched, I'm like, this is fucking great.


It's right up my alley. You would show clips all the time And it would drive Gino Nuts. And then finally it, it got named Reggie Watts was here, and he is like, you ever hear of the Wi Falls? You guys are talking about Moon landing shit? And you're like, what's that? And I know a week or two later Gina gets a text, are you the Y Files? He didn't tell me the name of it. He was so excited. Yeah, it's a great show. Dudes appreciate, it's like everything I'm fascinated by Anki aliens, secret bases. How did you get involved with making a show like this? Is this something you've always been interested in All, I mean, like grew up Art Bell. Yes.


Dad, there he is. There he is. The, I mean the Goat. The Goat, yeah. Dad was an overnight cop, so always overnight radio. So it was always Dr. Demento. Yes. You remember him and, and Art Bell. So I kind of grew up with the weird stories And it just got in the Twilight Zone. We watched his kids. It was like required watching from Dad in the old black and Whites, the classics. Mm. So that was always in there. So I'll, I'll skip 20 years. We had a, a podcasting studio in LA on Sunset. We were doing pretty well, hosting a lot of shows. Guys you knew, like when COVID hit killed, Tony came and worked out of our studio. Jeremiah Metzger, all, all the guys didn't make any money, but it was a cool setup.


But then they locked down the city and impossibly and we didn't really know what to do. Then they set fire to the city somehow. And the wife and I are racing down Hollywood Boulevard being chased by people with bats really? And boxes of Adidas. And we were like, this is, this went, this is too much. And we just started packing and that's it. We got out and I didn't know what to do. So now I'd been working in showbiz, not super successfully, like on the cusp, but I've been a professional host, editor, producer, writer for tv. So I was like, YouTube easy. I'm a natural. So I started the channel talking about science and weird stuff. And it was the hardest thing I ever did.


It was, it was like impossible to do. And I started out like following all the consultants, high Energy smash alike, be a YouTuber top 10 list. And I did that for a little while. It's like, like, ah, no one's watching. This feels stupid. And then I just, I said, fuck it. Let me just talk about the shit I wanna talk about. So I, I think I would, the first like good one was Operation High Jump. You know, Admiral Byrd goes down to Antarctica with a, with a armed fleet, supposedly looking for a Nazi UFOs. And it's a six month mission. And in like a few days they have to turn back and it's crazy stuff. So I did that story And it got a, you know, I think I got 50,000 views on, I Don't think I saw that one.


It's an old one. What happened in Operation High Jump? Alright, Admiral Bird goes down. This is just after the war. Remember the Nazis were, were fleeing to South America, so mostly Argentina. So the Nazis had established or tried to establish a base in Antarctica. That's true. It's a new Schwab and land. Now people say they were trying to build a Nazi base and all that stuff. They were really just looking for a whaling station to get oil. So Hitler didn't wanna rely on outside sources. So anyway, after the war, they go down there. We still don't really know specifically why it was supposed to be just to see how our aircraft would operate in cold weather. That was what they said. But this was a fleet that was armed to the teeth, like super, like armed.


The first helicopters were there, destroyers. So they go down there, it's supposed to be a month, a a multi-month mission, maybe six months. They get down there and in like a matter of weeks, maybe even fewer. They just, they just bail. And no one really knows why. There's a press con contingent there. No one knows what's going on. And Admiral Byrd starts giving these weird interviews. And the first one was in Spanish, And it might have been the either Argentinian or Brazilian newspaper. And he talks about how there could be these craft that attack the United States from the poles and craft that can fly pole to pole. And people were like, what is, what's that? And just sparked his crazy stuff.


And you can hear him talking about these things. So high jump goes down there to look for stuff. We don't really know why they left. Admiral Bird was talking about these crafts, Admiral Richard eBird, his famous guy, flew the North Pole like a super badass. He was on paper, the, the commanding officer. But he preferred to just fly his plane and do stuff. So the legend is they get down there, Admiral Bird takes his plane, starts flying across Antarctica and sees patches of green. And he doesn't, can't believe it. And he is, and he is on the radio saying, I'm seeing this rolling hills. Sun is shining. He keeps flying, it gets greener and greener.


And then he's like, I just saw Willie mammoths, Willie Mammoths grazing in the green. And he keeps going and he's on the radio, and then he's talking, I'm seeing all this stuff. The sun is bright, and then radio contact goes out. He's flying and flying. Suddenly he's engulfed in light and he doesn't know where he is. The the green is behind him. He's just flying in light, just trying to get his bearings. And then up beside him, two flying saucers just kind of next to him, almost like, you know, the Ft f sixteens trying to wave you down, two flying saucers. And he looks over and they have swastika on him, and he's like, uhoh. So he's on the stick and he feels the stick shaking, and then the stick just goes dead.


And then he goes down with the UFOs and they just land into a cavern in the hollow earth. Right. So that's how that happens. And they take Admiral Bird out and they're tall aliens. The nor like With swastikas on their Crafts. On the crafts, Like the ancient symbol. I know. Which would be reversed, right? Well, I think there was a bunch of different versions. I think the Nazi one, it was like kind of tilted. Yes. But there was a bunch of the Hindu ones and a lot of the Japanese ones For thousands of years. Yeah. A Positive symbol of life and prosperity. We don't know how they were oriented because I debunked all this.


I'm telling you the legend. Right. Because that's kind of my format. Right, right, right, right, right. I get, I get you excited. Would you Explain that to people? You, you, you get everybody all jazzed up and at the end you kind of, I get so much heat for it. Yeah, It's fun. And I watch the numbers like as soon as I say. But is it true, like everyone's done? Nobody wants to know the truth. No one wants to Know. They wanna know fun And then I'll get the hate mail. You ruined it for me. So what is the truth? The, the truth is, a lot of that comes from Admiral Bird's diary, which was discovered years later, which was not his diary. Right. Oh Shit. And horse shit. And, and he, he flew the North Pole, not the South Pole, but here's the interesting thing.


He was in a single man aircraft that only had so much fuel. He was, which can only fly for a little bit. He was out of radio contact for three hours. Nobody knows where he went. What was his take on it? It, we don't really know. That's it. That's kind of, so it's Just, he went radio silent for three hours, then the legend grew. It's like he did that interview as soon as they got back. And then something must have happened because he got real quiet. But he would go on TV and he would talk. But the pole to poll thing was, he was just warning that the poles are a vulnerable space. Like we need to keep an eye on the North Pole because if there's a base on north or South Pole, you can attack from there. So let's keep an eye on that was kind of his point. Mm.


The, the Antarctica situation's very strange. 'cause I don't know if you ever saw the Sean Ryan show where he talked to this guy that worked with a neutrino detector down there and he was, yeah. Have you seen That? I haven't seen Sean do it, but I know the guy And the guy was saying that it's not just a neutrino detector, it's a direct energy weapon that can cause earthquakes. And


This episode is brought to you by Squarespace. Have you ever been shopping online? And the website just gave you the ick, let me tell you, that wouldn't happen if they used Squarespace. Squarespace Design Intelligence empowers anyone to build beautiful, more personalized websites tailored to your unique needs. And with Squarespace payments, it's super easy to manage payments with just a few clicks. Plus, with Squarespace's integrated and optimized SEO tools, there's all the help you need to get people to your site. Head to Squarespace dot com slash Emma for a free trial and use code, Emma to save 10% on your first purchase.


This episode is brought to you by degree, original, cool rush deodorant. You gotta love when a brand can own its mistakes. So last year people got really mad when Degree change their cool Rush formula. Well, guess what? Degree? Listened, admitted they messed up and are bringing the original Cool Rush Scent back. Grab some from Walmart, target, or other stores now for under $4. And remember why it's the number one men's anti perman for the last decade. The original degree. Cool. Rush is back And it smells like victory for all of us.


This is like the dws, the US has always been fascinating D Directed and Jewish weapons. Right? That's where the, like the harp conspiracies come from. Right. And all that. And it, if, if you don't know what HARP is, that's the high altitude of role research project. This is just, this array of intent is in Alaska that's built by the US government to study the ionosphere. But for some reason it costs hundreds of millions of dollars. And when you look at it, you're like, where'd the money go? It's like a building's a box. And there's a bunch of antennas. Where I'm getting at is it, this is a, this is a, an array that can ionize parts of the atmosphere. So I did an episode on Project Bluebeam, which is a conspiracy about how the United Nations, the or the shadow government will create these holograms in the sky.


And that will force one world government. We can get into it if you want to. Yeah. But I kind of debunk it saying holograms need a substrate, you know, you need Clouds. Glass is really what you need. But then the, the technology has gotten to the point where you can ionize atmosphere and create things in the atmosphere. So something like harp conceivably could create something up there. Something visual. Something visual. And I've heard people say that, you know, the UAPs UFOs may not be real. They could just be holograms for some reason. I heard that Too.


Yeah. Or a combination of many different things. Yes. I think there's probably a lot of different factors that people are seeing. You know, we, I was watching a video the other day, I'm not sure if it's real, but I put it on my Instagram anyway on my, my story. 'cause it was just fun of ball lightning, which is real. But this ball lightning was moving around a parking lot And it was extraordinary. Is this one, this is the Oh yes. The Plasma lasers that the Navy apparently has the ability to make some stuff like this. 3D images in the air. And Yeah. You can also make it make sound somehow too. Yes. Which is an interesting, well, 'cause you're just vibrating air molecules. So in Project Bluebeam, the pro, the energy comes from, from a satellite array.


So can satellites do that yet? If it can, they won't tell us. But that could be a way where you could throw off the enemy or freak people out and pretend that there's some sort of an alien invasion. It's really just a hologram. Really just a hologram. And that's, you know, that's Bluebeam is supposed to get rid of religion because what will happen according to the legend, is the holograms will manifest as whatever deity is dominant in the area. Whether it's Jesus or Buddha, who, whomever and atheists will see different things and people will just freak out. Na nationalism will go away. Atheists will see different things. Like why?


Because according to the legend, the the array or with the technology wouldn't, will manipulate your mind again. Harp has been accused of this because you can manipulate someone's mind with electromagnetic frequencies at the right frequencies. So they could just tell you to see something. So like that specific, That specific allegedly. Now I, I debunk a lot of it because, 'cause the story originally came from a Canadian journalist named Serg Manas. Fascinating figure. He comes out with this theory that's, that's bonkers. And then the Canadian government takes his kids away 'cause they're homeschooled. Wow. He, he gets harassed by authorities. He gets hauled off to jail for spreading disinformation dies of a heart attack the next day.


So then of course, that's just like, that light's the fuse. Right? And now it's like, what, what did he find? So, and he talked very publicly about all of this. So that's, that's supposedly how it happens is they manipulate our minds. They show us what we wanna see. And then it's not like we won't resist authority. We'll beg for it. We'll just beg to take, take our freedom. Take our rights, keep us safe. Whoa. Because something huge is happening and we need to consolidate. I feel like that's what would happen. Well, I'm sure you've seen the Hal put off thing. Did you see, when Hal put off, Hal put off George Bush during his presidency, they floated the idea of disclosure.


Did you ever see this? I didn't see it, but I know how it worked very well. So what, how, what Hal said was he and several other scientists were brought aboard. And they were given a task of writing pros and cons to disclosure. What are the things that are gonna be disrupted and what are the things that's gonna benefit the society and attach a numerical value to each thing. And all the scientists at the end of the day showed that the numerical value for Con was far higher. Like it was gonna cause much more disruption than it would be beneficial. And so they decided not to disclose, but what they were telling how was this was what, what you were planning for was retrieved crafts not of this world and biological entities that the United States government is in possession of.


Should we disclose this? Right. I think I I've definitely heard that. I don't know if, is that connected to the Brookings Report? If I'm getting that correct. Which one's that? I forget when it would even come out. Here's all the Cy I'm an expert on nothing. I don't know anything. I tell stories. Me too. Okay. How can you talk about Planet Serpo if you've never been? Look, I've just, I just like this. I just all due respect. That's gonna go on forever. Yeah. Forever. You've never been, He's never been. I hope he's okay. Doug s Murray's a lot of fun. Oh, he's Great. Yeah. So I'm not an expert in anything. So I don't know when Brookings was, but it was the same thing.


It was a recommendation from the government that, look, That was in 19 60, 19 60, Ah, same thing. Well, I don't Know about the exact same thing, but Same kind of thing. Proposed Studies of implications of peaceful space. Activities for human affairs is commissioned by NASA and created by the Brookings Institute. Collaboration. Long range study. Ah, same result. Don't do It. Yeah. I think they're probably right. But also I want to know. Well, that's, that's put puts us in a pickle, I think is, let's say it's real. I, I wanna know too, but I don't want the Chinese to know, and I don't, I definitely don't want Iran to know. So I understand. Why do you not want them to know?


Well, maybe we could all get along if we realize that there's actual aliens that are visiting us. I mean, wasn't that the Ronald Reagan speech in front of the un? You've seen that, right? Sure. Yeah. The famous speech. But wasn't the SDI part of that speech is, we'll all get along, but we're gonna have laser weapons in space just in case We don't, wasn't that that same speech? It might not have been, but it was about that same time. And that was all smoke and mirrors, you know? Right. The Star Wars thing was fake. Right. Couldn't get it to work. Yeah. It was all fake. So maybe we'll all get along. Boy, that sounds nice. But, you know, Iran produces brilliant people. So intelligent, great engineers, doctors, all of that. But the government is bananas.


Yeah. So, I mean, you don't want to have brilliant scientists working like that. I mean, we had brilliant scientists working for dictators in the past And it was not awesome. Right. So, or the Nazis. That's who I mean. Yeah. Yeah. That's who I mean. So, Yeah. It's really sketchy if they get the technology right. Well, this is what Hal put off said. He said that the government of the United States has at least 10 of these things. And I said, well, other governments have them. And he said yes. And I said, well, do they have similar numbers? He's like, we believe so. So they don't know. So essentially what he was kind of alluding to is that there's basically like a kind of Manhattan project to try to back engineer these things.


And whoever figures it out first is gonna have a massive advantage. Right. And it would be nice if it was us, It would be nice how put off has been connected to a lot of disinformation campaigns. I love the guy in his work, but he has been connected to disinformation campaigns with known disinformation. Think About what, what subjects About disclosure? Like you, you heard the name Richard Doty? Yes. Okay. So, I mean, I want Some coffee. Yeah, let's have some coffee. I'm off booze right now. For forever. No, not cheers. For cheers. Cheers. I just needed a break. It was becoming a little bit Me Too. Like a habit. You too. Yeah.


I've been off for two and a half months. Maybe even a little more now. Yeah. I, I just for, I just decided one day I'm done and then I feel great. Feel better. Oh My God. Think clearer. Wake up feeling better. I have a nightclub. So I'm, I'm at my nightclub, my comedy club all the time. And you know, everybody's buying shots and you don't want a beer, you want this or that. After a while you're like, God, I feel Like shit. Yeah, you do. You know. But I'm at, it's like, the illusion is that you won't have fun. I'm having the same amount of fun. It's so much fun. Of Course. It's not necessary. I can, I can, I'm funnier 'cause I know what I'm talking about. Yes. And I'm not embarrassed the next day You just, it just doesn't kill your inhibitions. But that's, it's overrated.


It is. It's fun. I've had a good time boozing, but yeah, enough, I'm allowed to go back at the first of the month. Okay. That I just need, you need to quit vices once in a while, if anything just to sh prove that you can. Yes. Yeah. It's a good thing just to prove that's not, doesn't have as hooks in you. Right. Yeah. I can quit whenever I want. It's, I know, But can you, I've taken a few days off of social media and I always feel better, but I always go right back in. I don't, I don't know why I hardly ever look at it. It's just a massive distraction. Like, I don't read anything about myself, but I'm always, but more so I'm always looking at, but I find a lot of interesting things too, especially on Instagram.


But more so now than ever. My screen time on my phone is dedicated to YouTube. It's like when I come home, especially at the end of the night, come back from the club. I'm tired. I want nonsense. I want Bigfoot. Same. I don't wanna think too hard. I Want, you know, I want, you know, Bob Lazar, I want Bigfoot, I want, you know, ancient civilizations. It's just me and the dog watching tv. Yep. You know, everyone's asleep. That's, that's my favorite. Because no booze for me doesn't mean no gummies. So. Oh, okay. So a half a gummy and a Bigfoot episode. I'm having a great time. That's the one that I wish was real, but I'm 99% sure it's horse shit.


Same. But I also wonder, I wonder, like, I wonder if under certain conditions it's real. Like, this is my thought, this is gonna sound squirrely. I think under heightened states of anxiety and fear, when you're alone in the woods, maybe it's possible that the barrier between dimensions is slippery and you can see things that you would ordinarily never see. Like, it might not even be as simple as this is a biological creature that lives here on earth with us, but no one's ever found a body. It might be weirder than that.


It might be these are some sort of hominid from somewhere else that can, can appear.


This episode is brought to you by Squarespace, our great site. Joe Rogan dot com was built using Squarespace. But did you know that Squarespace also gives you everything you need to offer services and get paid all in one place? Whether you're doing stuff like using the built-in appointment scheduling for consultations, or even email marketing tools to pull off events. Squarespace has all that. Plus invoicing and online payment tools that make conducting your business a breeze. Try it free at Squarespace dot com and use Squarespace dot com slash rogan to save 10% on your first purchase.


Native American Legends say exactly that, that it's this creature that lives between worlds. And really, same with Giants as well. They have the legends of the red-haired giants that were chased west. I'm glad we're getting to that. Getting giants. Yeah. Because the Giants thing is weird. When you go into the story, and I watched your episode on Giants, I loved it. Maybe it was the Malts, the Smithsonian. Oh, that was, yeah, that was Ge Kincaid and the Smithsonian coverup. Yes. The Grand Canyon. That's a good story. Well, The whole Grand Canyon thing is bananas. Like, there's areas of the Grand Canyon you cannot explore. You cannot go, you cannot fly over. Right. And you can't fly under the rim yet when you go to those bad places, suddenly a white plane flies over under the rim.


Black helicopters show up. I showed up my episode. Yes. I show the black helicopter showing up. Like it's, they do show. Yeah. Like they are protecting something, something. It's not as simple as this is a dangerous area. 'cause you can go to any dangerous area you Go to just through the normal tourist area. It's like, be careful. Right. People fall, two people a year fall. Yeah. Someone fell recently. Yeah. An influencer of course. Taking a, a selfie of course. But the Grand Canyon there, there's been these crazy stories of people finding these like Egyptian, these caverns with like Egyptian artwork and hieroglyphics and these stories of artifacts that have been removed from there.


So the story is, it shows up, I believe in like the Phoenix Gazette. It's 1903 or so. And the Explorer is GE Kincaid. And he's going down, he's a, he's looking for gold deposits or whatever. This is just before R Teddy Roosevelt made the Grand Canyon a preserve. He was a naturalist. So he finds these steps that are clearly manmade. He follows the steps up and there's a cave. And he goes in there and he describes hieroglyphics that look Egyptian, but are not quite, he finds a statue that he describes as like Buddha, like not Egyptian, not human, but sort of like Buddha and all these weapons, shields, gold, all sorts of stuff. He keeps going. He finds a deserted city in the caves and all these tunnels and caverns go everywhere.


And he's trying to map everything. He comes out and he goes back to town and he gathers together a group that we're gonna go, we're gonna go find the stuff again. And people are, are excited about it. And a couple of weeks go by and everyone's gathered to go on the expedition. He never shows. The expedition goes nowhere. And that's really the last we've heard of it. Well, and is there any photographs or anything? No, There never is of this stuff. Right. Just descriptions. Just, and just a great story. Well, The great part of the story is the fact that you actually can't go there. And that just, that the idea that there's an area where the military is protecting people from being foolish. That doesn't make any sense. Nobody asks why.


Right. Like nobody asks why. It really bothers me about, about that story in all of these, whether it's disclosure, whatever. I don't hear anyone asking why. Well, they won't let us. Well, who's they? Right. Someone's in charge of stuff that's not the president. Right. Or Congress. So who, who is it? So, you know, Is it possible there's some sort of a government installation down there somewhere? You know, it's, it's all gonna be woowoo conspiracy stuff or, or it's real. Or Ge Kincaid found something and someone got to him. But If GE Kincaid found something, why would they wanna hide some ancient civilization discovery, particularly in the early 19 hundreds?


Like why, for what reason? I, I don't know why Graham Hancock is marginalized now. Right. But that, wouldn't you think that there's like less of a grip on that stuff in the 19 hundreds? Yes. Early 19 hundreds. I would think so. Yeah. So my guess would be treasure and money. That would be, my guess is it shows up in the paper mil, the government goes down there. Like there's a lot of stuff down here. Let's grab it, send it to the Smithsonian, who keeps 99% of the stuff under wraps. They have, you know, a billion items that nobody can see. And then that's the end of it. But what the fuck. Which I, I would love to know the official reason. See if you can Google, is there an official reason why you're not allowed to go to certain areas of the Grand Canyon?


They Use a VPN there, brother. The story, I was looking at a article about the original article And it says that the two guys mentioned might not have even existed. Right. There's no evidence of them. Ge Kincade And another guy named SA Jordan. Oh. So it might be just a story that someone printed some Horses. Shit. Yeah, I've, when I was looking into one of these things before I found a, something explaining that back in then, like early 19 hundreds when newspapers were a really popular thing to read. I don't know if it was like a, a game or if there was actual prizes people would play or like amongst themselves to try to get fake stories printed. Oh, you, if you could get the craziest story printed, you'd win like 500 bucks. Or I might be wrong, but I think Jordan was connected to the Smithsonian, at least according to, to the Story.


Well, I pulled this from the Smithsonian debunk, which I mean obviously they would, if this is the way we're gonna go with it. But them debunking this and they gave two links, one to the original 1909 article and one to a 2008 update. And that's where I was pulling that from. Hmm. I don't trust the Smithsonian. They're exempt from all kinds of stuff. Yeah. Well, like you're, there's a law passed not too long ago that if you have Native American artifacts that are important to that culture, especially burial artifacts, they must be returned. Unless you're the Smithsonian, then They're allowed to hold on. Then You can make, you can make a case that you don't have to give it back. How do they have so much power? I they're gov It's a government agency. Smithsonian is a government. Oh, I didn't even know. I thought it was a private agency. So there's no official story as to why this area of the Grand Canyon is off limits For your safety forbidden Zone they call it.


Yeah. That's all I can find. That's Fucking, I'm looking into that weird, that's fucking weird that this story comes from the very area that's forbidden. That's fucking weird. I think. What are the odds? You know, I don't believe in coincidences. So it there, a lot of these stories come from places you just can't go. Has Anybody tried to hike in All the time? Wear a ca raft in Yeah. Did they get busted And busted? Yeah. And arrested. Really? You can find, fuck man. You can find online. I wish I knew the names of a team that, that went up there. That's who found the black helicopters. And I used them in, in the video and, and I credit them so you can find their videos that we're up, they're up there for an hour, hour and a half trying to, trying to find stuff.


And what they found up in that forbidden zone is anchored into the ground. A giant hook. Right. Or like a loop. Yeah. Like what would you use that for? And that would be to repel down. That's the only reason that would be there. There's no explanation for what is this. They also found artifacts from that era, from the early 19 hundreds artifacts that people were there. So it's possible that they repelled that like they might've been standing right above that entrance. And there are reverse angles of that rock face that look a little weird. It could be parado, but it, What's parado Parado is the, is the mind's ability to see objects in random noise.


Mm. You know, it's something we evolve to, you know, to see predators in the forest. That's why if you see a cloud that looks like a Abraham Lincoln, right, right. It's not Abraham Lincoln, you know, it's, it's parado. But, but debunkers will always fall on parado. So, so like the real believers, they hate that word. God. That would be, imagine everything would have to be re rewritten if they found some evidence of a, a loss civilization with no connection to any known civilization that was advanced, that was living in the Grand Canyon. Did you ever think about going To the Grand Canyon To go and just be an outlaw and go see?


How would you get in though? I mean, if they have black helicopters and they're scanning the sky or scanning the ground with some sort of a drone or a plane, We go in, we live Are You planning something? No, no, no. Hold on. No. What should we do? I don't have, I'm in, I don't have a contract. All right. So this is da This is already dangerous to me sitting here, but I got your back If I go Yeah, yeah. Because even if they drag you out, questions have to have to be posed. Right. Why couldn't I go there? Why? What did he do wrong? Well, he violated this area. Okay, well how come? Yeah. Well what, when you think about how dangerous the Grand Canyon is overall, there's not a safe area.


It's literally a canyon. You could fall at any of a million spots along the way to your death. Have you been there? Yes. Unbel. It's, it's incredible. Incredible. You couldn't paint a better picture, but as you get closer to that edge, you can feel your, your amygdala going, oh, back up. Yeah. Like it's seriously dangerous. Yeah. Yeah. God, the problem is, I wanna believe with all these things and Yeah. Same, most people that enjoy your show, we wanna believe that's why it's so fun. And I don't believe in most of the stuff I talk about, but when I approach a story, I try to find as much evidence as I can to support it.


And I also want to find the other side so that what we're left with is some truth and not all stories can be fully debunked. And I, I've had my mind flipped a couple of times, you know, crop circles, hollow moons and really crazy shit have flip, have flipped me around. Crop Circles is a weird one. So weird. It's a, A weird one because when I first saw them, I'm like, what is that? And then I saw that these guys were doing them with boards and string. I was like, oh, it's just people being silly. And then I watched a whole documentary about how the energy that bent these things over caused these nodes to explode as if they'd been cooked in a microwave. Correct. I'm like, what? And then you find out that the actual stalks are woven together.


Correct. It's not that they're pressed down, they're woven together. And that these are complex geometric designs that would've taken people weeks to map out. And, and, and there's no footprints leading up to it. There's no roads, no machinery, no evidence of any use of any kind of machinery. And these things appear like that. Like people have flown over an area and then flown back an hour or two later and there's immense football field size perfect geometry that no one can explain how it was created. Correct. So the, so the nodes in the stalks, the node is like a knuckle on your fingers. So these, those are there for phototropism to bend toward light.


So what you're talking about is these things are bent over, they're bent over at right angles. It can only be done with high energy. But also around these crop circles, they're finding microscopic metallic spheres in around the circles. And that's not a conspiracy theory. They're finding them and they're, there are these mag magnetic fields around the circles. And you could see videos online of people going into these crop circles and their, their hands start to get red. Things are happening to them. So I went into crop circles thinking it was all guys with boards. But then when you watch people with boards making a crop circle, it's a mess. Yeah. They can't do this. And you cannot bend the nodes of reeds and weave them together in a perfect, you can't do it.


So that was, as I'm doing the research, I'm like, alright, 99% of 'em are fake, but there's this 1% that I cannot explain. The famous video where you see the orbs circling around the field in England and then the crop circle slowly starts to emerge. Has that been debunked Semi It's controversial because the, the guy released that video, I don't know his name off hand, allegedly went to a visual effects house Oh boy. And, and released it. But they somehow put that thing together in a matter of hours, which is suspicious. So in, in my episode on it, I said, alright, here's what they, the skeptics say. But you know, in the 1990s to do that, that kind of VFX work 'cause it looks real.


I know, to me, I'm, I'm on the fence about it. You know, I, It's very convenient that they got the footage. It is, you know, It is. Operation Blackbird was a famous operation in 1990 to try and capture the footage live by a great researcher named Colin Andrews. And Oh, he's The guy that does the books on crop circles, right? Yes. Yeah. He's all in. He's all in. And he got a lot of support for, for Blackbird. And not only did nothing happen, he was totally embarrassed by it. And it was all like streaming alive. And a lot of people were involved. He's embarrassed. We find out later that while they're like waiting for the circles to happen, just a few miles away, there's a milit top secret military operation doing whatever they're doing.


He doesn't know why. And then he gets a knock on the door from someone, you know, men in black, whoever it is that sit first offers his him money to stop his work, then threatens him with whatever threatens his family. And he doesn't know who this guy is. They go back and look at the tapes and he sees the guy in the background of like one of the TV crews. So the theory is some type of intelligence was embedded into Blackbird made to discredit him. And that was kind of, that was kind of the end of Colin Andrews because he was, he was a legit researcher at that point. Now he's, now he's fringe, now he's pseudoscience. But I get into that in the episode. That was something I discovered. I never knew that there was intelligence involved.


I didn't know that there was a military op, which is confirmed. It's all, it's, it's wild. So do you think they discredited him on Purpose? Yes. Interesting To make the crop circle thing looks foolish. But like, what is the crop circle thing? Like what is the, out of the believers, what is the best theory The believers is that it's a's a way to message craft or it's a landing site or it's some type of communication. But why, why would, why would they do it in wheat Fields? I, I don't know. It doesn't make sense to me. If you have the technology, just, you know, Yeah. Pick up the phone. You know, there's better ways than just mowing wheat down.


But I, you know, I, I don't understand. Do you know the one about the, the Mandelbrot set? I've, I've seen it. Yeah. I think that one is really weird because I think it coincides with the fractal creation of the Mandelbrot set by these people that are into this kind of geometry and fractals that, like someone made the mantle brought set, which is a, essentially an infinite fractal of like spectacular design. And this is before Lorenz and Lorenzen tractor. I think it's before that, isn't it? I don't know. Before it was mainstream. Yeah, before it was mainstream, right. Yes. And then when this thing appears and people are like, well what is this design?


And then they connect it to this Mandel bro set, which is someone would have to have some very esoteric information To be. And you know, and it's the Mandel bro set using Fibonacci numbers. Yes. And the, and the fee, the golden ratio. It's accurate. It's accurate. Down to inches. Yeah. You can't do that. Well maybe you can, but like how and how long would it take and how much planning and how many people and what would you use, like what, what is the technology that would use to bend those things over that way and weave them? It's very weird stuff. It's weird because it's these, you know, the way these fractals work, it's this ratio in the, in the geometry is like, there's specific sizes.


This one is half the size of that one, which is half the size of that one is that. And it goes on and on forever. And when you see it all, see if you can find the Mandelbrot set, It's maybe the most spectacular crop circle. It's weird. It's really weird. 'cause it's fucking enormous, you know? And it seems so stupid. Just changed which One of it? Wow. There's a whole bunch of the Mandelbrot set is the one with the look like a heart about that one right there. Yeah. That's it. That's the mantle bro set. Yep. And there's some other fractals there as well. I was looking at an article that says these two guys took on the challenge and did it for a TV show on the BBC. They did. If you watch 'em do it, it it's clumsy af Yeah. It, it doesn't look as good.


Like, like I just trying to find it because I know they always say that these guys did it, But that one Yeah, you can't really see it there. But those flattened reeds, they're, they're woven together. Well the, the weird, some of the weirder ones go back to other crop circles. You had some other images before that. There was some other ones that, those ones, those spirals, right? Like that one right there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That is fucking wild. That's wild. Like this is multiple football fields, long and wide. So how, make that one a little bigger please. And one of these, I don't know if it's that one in particular showed up right next to Stonehenge. Like Yeah, like a tennis ball throw Away.


Like that is crazy to not, first of all if you're on the ground, alright, just the measurements alone to make each one the equal distance between circles, you know, in the whatever, six different blades that you have that stem from the center, they're all the same distance, they're all the same size. The small circles are the ones that are most interesting. 'cause how hard is that to do? Right? Right. And they're uniform. Yeah. And it's like, what is that? Like what the fuck is that? And who's do, if that is a hoax, it's so bizarre that it's only these two goofballs that were making really shitty ones with boards and strings.


And yet there's hundreds if not thousands of these like really complex ones. Yeah. Those exist. Those are the guys that aren't, you can see them doing it live and Yeah. But those guys, there's no way they had enough time to do all these things And It looked terrible Yankee. Look, you're just trampling it. Yeah. I mean, look, You can certainly make crop circles with a string and a board. You certainly can make crop circles, but you're, And you know, it, it always gets connected, like believing in aliens and everything else. But it's not, no one's even saying aliens. Like what? It, it could be some sort of energy from something that we possess some, something that humans possess that they somehow or another aim at these areas.


Like what is that one above it? Go, go That one right there above like right, right there. What the fuck is that thing? Look at that. They Are in the same counter. 80% of them come from the same county in England. Which is all also weird. No, people will correct me in in the comments, but I believe that middle piece of geometry is a hyper cube, isn't it? Isn't that a, a four dimensional cube? I don't know A tesseract. It does look like it, but Like, what the fuck? How long would that take? That seems like that would take a long time to do. Stone engine is under constant surveillance and, and circle show up overnight. Very weird stuff. There's an interesting conspiracy to, I mean, what the fuck dude To crop circles that, that we can, we can get into later.


Wilshire has the most crop circles in England. Yes. And it's mostly in England too, which is also weird. And it mostly in Wilshire, Man. Like, is there some sort of a theory by the Kooks lay lines? Lay lines That they're happening on these, these segments of energy that intersect? What Is that black and white one? Jamie? Click on that one. It's just a different No, no, no, no, no. The one. That one. What the fuck is that? Wow. Wow. On, on a mountain. Crazy. That could be in sand, I think. Cause it wasn like sand dunes. Is that what that is? Ouch. Circle 16. That's crazy. I don't, I've never seen that one is wild.


I mean, just the amount of time that it would take to do these things. So lay lines. So this is the theory. That's the theory. Have you heard about lay lines? Kind of. It's This, this alleged gr grid of energy that circles the earth and almost like how magnetic fields work. And this, these energy lines have intersection points. And on these intersection points are things like Stonehenge, Giza, whoa. It's in snow on a mountain in France. Whoa. Wow. Where are the tracks in What? You know it, Okay. What the fuck is that? So this is No footprints, no tracks, no footprints right here.


Yeah. But that could Be, that could be the people that discovered it though, Right? Oh, this is a guy that did it though. Oh, it's an artist that did this. Actually, these aren't crop circles. This is an artist Doing it. See, that's kind of what I was trying to say. Oh fuck. Incredible. An artist did that. Yeah. Has the Guy's name on that first picture we Had here. Amazing. Simon Beck. So the artist angles a conspiracy angle. There's a man named John Lundberg, who is a, was part of a group called circle maker makers.org, which is a, an art project and also a sociology experiment. And he would make fake crop circles to see how people would react. Years later, Lundberg and some associates create a documentary called Mirage Men, which is an excellent documentary. And it's mostly about Richard Doty and his disinformation campaign on behalf of the Air Force to discredit the UFO community drove Paul Benoit's nuts.


Bill, bill Moore, who's the, who's the guy who essentially brought Roswell out to the public. Bill Moore was taking payments and being fed information from Doty to muddy the waters in the UFO community. He finally came clean in 89, was booed off the stage at Muon, and everything just unraveled. So it's all disin info. It booted him off The stage because He fi he finally said, look, I, I've been working with the government, a lot of the stuff I've been saying, they told me to say Majestic 12, all this stuff was coming from Doty. And they didn't want to hear it. They didn't wanna, and his career was basically over that day. Wow. Bill Moore, he, there was no Roswell story before, more before his book.


And, you know, that was Doty. So the, the documentary about Doty was directed and put together by Lundberg and his associates. Lundberg was one of the original circle makers that would make these fake crop circles to see how people would react. I just thought it was an interesting connection. But it's interesting because clearly some people are making these, but like, what was the origins of it? Because I'm, I'm sure you've seen that image from the newspaper of the devil with a, a sife, You know what I mean? And they're talking about crop circles like back in like the 17 and 18 hundreds. 1678. Yeah. 16 hundreds. Wow. First crop circle ever reported was in 1678.


According to the story farmer, the crop mower were arguing about the cost of harvesting the farmer's oat field. The Farmer was furious at the mower's price and stormed off swearing that the devil himself should harvest the crop. That night, a dazzling light lit up the oat field. And in the morning The Farmer discovered perfectly round circles in his crops. He was so frightened by the circles, which he thought could only have been so neatly mowed by the devil or some infertile spirit that he abandoned any attempt to harvest the field. That's a little sketchy. You're scared of circles. Come on pussy. Really though, if there were crop circles in my backyard, I would be a little nervous. I would be curious. It's not terrifying.


Right. They're not something that would scare me away from harvesting my crop. No. I'm more afraid of the government than am a, you know, that crop Circles don't seem to be Killing anybody. No, But it's like, what do, so lay lines, so these things are to differentiate areas so they could see them from the sky. Is that the idea? The lay lines are the, are the energy lines, whatever, a mystical energy. It's not a scientific energy. And where the lines intersect is where you see sites like Machu Picchu, Giza, Stonehenge, all these ancient sites. Oh, there's the lay lines. Oh, but lay lines is, you know, it's, it's semi debunk because if you, if you connect enough lines, you're gonna find patterns, you're gonna find geometry.


Right, Right, right, right. You go looking for it. Right. Yeah. Very just very weird stuff. The, I, like I said, I used to think it was total nonsense. Yep. Until I saw some documentaries on it where they were talking about the nodes. They were talking about some of these things. They're just so complex and they appear so quickly. The nodes and the braiding to me was like, okay, now I gotta change my approach to this. What do you think it is? You know, I don't know. I, I think, I think it's beyond us. It's just, we're just monkeys trying to, trying to guess math. You know, I don't know. We, every time we make a guess on this show, someone's laughing, you know? Of course. Yeah.


Someone's like, you know, they think it's a landing site. Well, it's one of those subjects that if you even entertain it, you're almost immediately a fool. Which I'm super comfortable with being a fool. I entertain a lot of foolish ideas. But that one is particularly foolish because people will always point to those guys with boards. And I'm like, not so fast. Yeah, those guys with boards definitely made some circles, but this is, there's some of 'em that are really spectacular. They are. And It, it just doesn't, and when you factor in the nodes and you factored in the weaving and then these incredible geometric shapes, like how are you even mapping that? Like, how are you doing that? How many people are involved?


How long does it take? I, you know, I, it would take people so long, it would never be that accurate. Yeah. With, you know, with ropes and boards, I, you know, I just don't see it. Right. But like, it leaves you with this weird mystery just like, what, what is this? I wish I knew. It's Just one of those things that like, it's almost like the universe is laughing at us every now and then. It just shows you something that's like so goofy that you have to go, well, what is real? The, you know, a great, it was a hoax, but a great crop circle was the cebo response. Do you know that one? Yes. That was a great one. Yeah. That was, we sent the cebo message out. It had had all the symbols on it that, And it sent it back with like a half a you a alien face.


Right. And it showed where on the, in their solar system they lived what their dna NA was like, you know, it was a great one. Who did that one? I, I don't know who did. I don't know if it was circle makers. I know who it was, but it was a hoax. But it was, but it was like a really well thought out one. But that one kind of looks like a hoax. Like it's so on the nose, you have a alien face in the crop circle. Wasn't that different than the, than the Aceable response? Wasn't it? Is it? I forget. I think they were related. I'm not, I'm not sure though. The response Yes. I thought was so cool. I thought the Ace Bowl response was aligned with that UFO thing. The, the alien face. See if you can find the crop circle that says it, Jamie, You could be right.


As soon as you see the alien face, you're out. I think the, a sebo response is next to the, there it is. Above that, Jamie, you just had it. If you scroll, go to the top right there. Bam. Okay, so that's different. That's different. But there's, there's a says Cebo is the answer. It's an album cover for someone on Apple. Right. But the crop circle's a real crop circle that, that somebody actually made that Thing. Right. And that's a message in that circle. Right. That spiral is a message. Look At that one to the right. There's the cebo response down there with the humanoid face. Yeah. That's it. That's it. Very weird. So that's a hoax. That's a hoax. But boy, it's a good one. It's a fucking great one.


Go back a couple of posts. Yeah, right there. That one on the right hand side. That's crazy. It's the small circles that get me. Well, it's fucking, if it is a hoax, it's amazing. That is just so weird. But again, it's like one of those, like, it doesn't, there's, it's not satisfying. No, it's not. You know, there's Not like every, it just, at the end of it, you're just like, ah. I don't Know. That's why the worst question is what do you think it is? It's like, ugh. Right. I was hoping you had something stupid. Well, I don't have, I don't know, man. Yeah, I don't know either.


But I do know that I want to believe, which is always the problem with me, with all these things, you know, I wanna believe the bases in Antarctica. I wanna believe that there's pyramids up there, all that stuff. Yeah. And when you find out something's debunked, how do you feel? Oh, you know, are You okay? Yeah. I mean disappointed, but, But there's a party that goes Yeah. Yeah. That's probably right. Well, I think most of 'em are bullshit. Yeah. I think like most UFO sightings are bullshit. Most UFO sightings are probably people seeing experimental military aircraft and things along those lines. Satellites, that's a big one. Like those, the starlink ones just fly across the night sky and people are like, oh my god, it's an alien.


It's not an alien. You can see 'em with, with your naked eye. It just satellite. Yeah. But if you didn't know what it was, it looks like a fleet. It does ships flying across the sky And the way that they alternate lights, it looks like there's an intelligence to it, right? Yeah. Yeah. I've never seen anything myself. Have You? No. Gino has, what did, did he say Gino saw and I think, I think maybe Jeremiah said he saw the same thing. Gino saw a giant orb of light over the Pacific Ocean and he watched it for a long time. And I said, where, where's the photo of it? And he said, I was so in awe I didn't even think to tip get up my phone. I was like, man. But that's a common thingy here, right?


Is you're just so in awe. You don't think I gotta right selfie this. Right. You probably, if you actually saw something, there's a high probability that you'd be so freaked out. You'd be just in the moment like, whoa.


Fight night isn't just for fighters. Step into the action with Draftking Sports book in your corner. As the official sports betting partner of the UFC, DraftKings brings the action to your fingertips. Every strike, take down, knockout. It all hits different. When you've got skin in the game, new to betting, no problem. Start simple. Pick a fighter to win. Place your bet and you're in even better. New customers can bet just five bucks and get $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins, it's the easiest way to score big on fight night. Download the Draftking Sports book app now and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. If you or somebody you know has a gambling problem, call the Virginia Problem Gambling helpline at 8 8 8 5 3 2 3521 and over Virginia only eligibility restrictions apply. BET must win to receive reward bonus Bet expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by Eight Sleep. You guys must have heard about Eight Sleep by now. Right? You know the company with the sole mission of improving your sleep. So, Eight Sleep has just launched a new product, the Pod five. It's the latest generation of their signature Innovation. A smart mattress cover that automatically regulates your body temperature throughout the night. The result you enjoy up to one full hour of additional quality sleep each night. Just put the pod five on top of your current mattress and let it work its magic. The AI driven autopilot will learn your sleep patterns and adjust your temperature elevation, and wake up timing. And thanks to its built-in sensors, you get a personalized sleep report every morning. No need to wear any devices. Head over to Eight Sleep dot com slash rogan and use the code Rogan to get $350 off the pod. Five Ultra. You still get 30 days to try it at home and return it if you don't like it. But you will love it. I love it. I love mine. And your body will thank you for this investment in better sleep. Eight Sleep shipping to countries worldwide. See details at Eight Sleep dot com slash rogan.


Yep. And you know, Gino's legit. He's not, he's not bullshit. Not a Bullshit artist. Yeah, no. I've talked to quite a, Dave Foley had a, a sighting. He saw something the blue Gino talked to Dave about, they saw the same thing. Mm, Yeah. Well there's always the question of like, what's going on off the coast. And I'm sure you're aware of this one that we actually talked about it the other day, but we never found it. There's a structure that's off of Malibu in the deep water that was available on Google Maps, was A structure Was, and now it's blurred out. Yep. But it looked like there's openings in it. There's a top that's flat. It looks like, looks Like a base. Looks like a base.


Looks like a base. Yeah. You know, if, and Now it doesn't, Now it just looks like blurry water. Yeah. Like why does it look different now? Like what's going on With a gun? To my head, all the weird stuff is in the ocean. It's not from another planet really. No. I don't know who, who knows. But it's, it makes a lot more sense that the stuff we're seeing, I, it's the best place to hide is just deep water. So Not from another planet originally, like maybe originally. And that's where they, they make their base. I, it's hard for me to square how to travel great distances. It's hard for me to square that. You know, I know that we've got the Alba care drive and warp drive and all these theoretical things about, about compressing space time and all of that.


I, you know, I get it, but it's hard for me to think that that's solvable. But what is interesting is maybe another species evolved alongside of us a long time ago and has been here a long time and said, You know what? Let's go, here's, this is where we go to avoid cataclysms and geological instability. Let's go into water. That's A weird one though, because like, what kind of technology are you utilizing and how would you achi how did you achieve that level of technological superiority and not completely control? Man, because if I was intelligent species that was capable of developing bases under the water, I'd be super concerned at all the different things that human beings are doing to ruin things.


Like if we had chimps that all of a sudden had flame throwers and they were lighting the jungle on fire, we'd probably take their flame throwers. So like we would turn off a nuclear reactor. Mm. Yeah. Right. So we talk about humans. If, if, if this theory is true that they evolved here, there were no humans. Humans is, are 300,000 years old. That's not, it would take whatever species a lot longer than that to evolve to this technological level. And we've seen the craft just zip into water with no displacement. Right. You know, where are they going? And there, there are unnamed whistleblowers, you know, anonymous sources that say there is a, there's a base near the Bermuda Triangle. The Navy knows about it. They know not to get close. It moves around a little bit. I'm gonna do an episode on it soon 'cause it's just too good not to corroborated by another biologist who said he worked with the retrieval team.


And yes. Their stuff. And what this base does is it, it from raw materials creates craft to go on specific missions. So it's always the question, you know, why is there a saucer? Why is it look like a pyramid? Why is it this? It's because there's custom built for a mission and there's an AI and a species down there and they say all we're gonna go survey Mount Hayes in Alaska. Super, super fascinating place. So we only need a scanning gear or some propulsion and we just build it And it fits in an orb, send it out, does its thing, comes back and then it gets broken down to the it's parts and then another mission build it. Oh, it's gonna be a triangle. It's gonna be this or that. Does its mission comes back to me. That makes good sense. A good way to do that.


A good way to conserve resources, not have to go out and get stuff. Hmm. I like the theory. That's a fun, it's a fun theory. It's A fun theory. Yeah. It's a fun theory also that if you were, if you were creating bases here, like say if they're coming from somewhere else and they want to visit us, it would be far more logical to develop some sort of a base with resources And you know, where you could, you could observe things and they can exist there completely undetected and then be able to go to wherever they're from back and forth. But when they're here on earth, it would be undetected.


Right. And the, the ocean is literally 70 something percent of the earth's surface. And We've mapped I think two or 3% of It. Yeah. Yeah. It'd be a good place to hide in plain sight. That's What I would do. And to make things from raw materials, meaning like molecular level stuff. You're, I mean, you're totally off grid, you know, eh, we don't need to strip mine. We got everything here. Right. Right. And if you have something that's a transmedium vehicle, so it doesn't displace the water, it works on some sort of a warp drive or some, I think you have to get into inter dimensionality then, and all it gets a little, it gets a little wild. Mm. But if you're not displacing air or water that, that means you're phasing through matter.


Right. Which is theoretically doable because everything is mostly space. Well They said they've mapped things going under the water 500 knots. Right. Without making a splash. Yeah. No ripples, no discernible waves. Just Greg Louganis right in there. Yeah. Nothing. 500 knots under the water. I mean, what the fuck could do that? The amount of energy you have to have, you go through that much resistance of deep water, 500 miles an hour, 500 knots. Right. Look at how when they do missile tests from subs, how those things are just like, ah, trying to get out of the water. Yeah. And these things just go, oop. Yeah. And nothing. Well that's the weird ones.


And But that would make you also think like maybe it is a hologram. 'cause if there are these transmedium things, but the thing is they're seeing them with radar, Right. Which means heat signature or mass. Right. Or Electromagnetic displacement. Or if it was, if it is some sort of photons, like some sort of a projection, would that not have some kind of a heat signature? It would if it was ionized air. Mm. It, you know, that would be plasma. So that was hot if that's what it is. But when they go into the water, we see them under the water for a second and you don't see any refraction.


Right. So that kind of screws up the, like the holographic projection theory a little bit. 'cause there's no light refraction. So how did you do that? Yeah, No, I'm asking you how do you do that? I know, I Know either. Yeah. I mean, that's my answer. Yeah. I mean you've had physicists on here that, that I've seen go. Yeah. Well the really crazy ones are the ones that the fighter pilots have seen because, you know, particularly Commander Fravor and the other people that were on that mission with him. So two separate jets, you have four people that are eyewitness to this thing. And then that there was something actually under the surface of the water, like an aircraft carrier, an enormous thing that this tic-tac is hovering above.


And then that thing descends into the water. The tic-tac turns towards them jamming, their signal is hovering in space and then shoots off at such an insane rate of speed that most of the things that we have on earth would just disintegrate and fall apart. Just from the sheer pressure Of course. And from the inertia. Yeah. It can be done. Now if I were doing an episode on, on Tac or Go Fast or Gimbal, I would be remiss if I didn't include Mick West's analysis of those. And I know you've talked to Mick on and off throughout the years. He's like a professional debunker though. He's, he wants to debunk things that I don't think can be Debunked. He does. He approaches it as it's definitely fake. And I'm gonna show you why.


Yeah. Everything is definitely fake. Almost to the point where I'm like, who are you working for? Right. Right. Who Are you working for? Everyone thinks we are CIA by the way. I mean me and you. Oh yeah. Reddit is convinced. I'm CIA. Oh, That's me Too. That's why my channel blew up in two and a half years to Me. 'cause of CIA Ccia A is Backing. Oh, I've heard that before. I've heard that about many people. Like the reason why they got successful. I've heard that about me too. Yeah. But like, go back to 2009 where I have 200 viewers, like the CIA sucked back then. They Weren't, they weren't helping me at all. Dude. I remember just watching you in Little Squares on Ustream, just like the top of your head. Yeah. And Brian and Duncan. I mean, that's what I Gino's like, you gotta watch Joe Rogan's show on, on Ustream.


I'm like, what are you talking about? He's a comic. He's like, he's got Gram Hancock on. And I went, oh, I gotta watch that. And that's, that's when I started watching. I think Gram was our first serious guest. So it was Duncan and I and we were in my house and Graham flew from England. We ate pizza. And in my kitchen, it was the first time I got to meet him. I was so pumped. 'cause I've read his book in the nineties. I read Same. Yeah. Fingerprints of the Gods Amazing book for The art bells who told me about it. Yeah. I remember my wife was like, you should read like real, real archeology. I'm like, no, this is fucking interesting shit. Why Should, is your wife a scientist or something? No, No, no. She's just a little more serious than me. Yeah. It's a little smarter than me. Same, same. But it's like I, I still to this day will pick up those books and read them.


And it, like, I, I do not think that modern archeology has the full story. And I've seen the way they behave. I saw the way Flint Dibble behaved with Graham. They're gatekeepers. They don't want anyone to have any information that they don't have. So even in the face of very compelling information, they dismiss openly, quickly, without any consideration. They, they just want to dismiss it. And then they want to pretend that any archeologist that presents any kind of information that fucks up the narrative isn't immediately attacked. And they are, their careers are ruined. Whether you go back to Clovis first or in any of these different archeologists that have proposed alternative theories of the human timeline.


All of the conventional archeologists, all the mainstream people attacked them. Randall Dismiss them. Randall Carlson, Robert Shock, John Anthony West. If I were advising Graham, I would've said, don't do that debate. Don't do it. There's no way to come off. You're not gonna convince anybody and you're just gonna come off not looking great. And and I've seen his response on his own site and he's even said, that was probably a mistake. He wasn't prepared enough. But you'll never be prepared enough for a professional debunker. You just won't be. I have too much. Mm. So I would've told him, don't, don't go in, don't go into the lions den. Well, The problem was he wasn't being honest. Flint was not being honest about the information that we have, particularly about offshore shipwrecks.


He was just not honest. Nope. You know, and the amount that they have discovered, not honest. And Graham didn't know that at the time. Yeah. And also the timeline of like how old these are. When you get to 5,000, 6,000 years, there's no ship left. All you have is like the pottery and whatever's on the ground at the bottom. And if you're talking about 10,000 years, 15,000 years, who's to say that that's not completely covered by sediment by then. And it probably would be. Well, you know, I watched a little of, of Zaya on on here. That's all you need. Just a little for that episode. You get It. I couldn't believe he was, he's still doing it. I mean, I mean maybe he was around when they actually built the things. I think That was probably the best advertisement for alternative archeology you're ever gonna get when you see the guy that's the gatekeeper and how close-minded he is.


He didn't mention the capstones, the, the, the limestone facing from Torah. He didn't even talk about it. Well, also this, just saying it was the national project and that's how they were able to get 80 tons stones 500 miles away through the mountains on sleds. Like, come on, The Aslan stones are from 1200 miles away. Yeah. You know, the, the tour stones are I know, 20, 30 miles away or whatever. How About those Lebanon stones at ball back, Ball back. They can't. I it's how many tons is that? You, you need a person standing on it to even see the size of, you've never seen the ball back stone. If you're listening, the thing is, is it's like a skyscraper on its side.


Yeah. And it's one solid piece. And It was moved there. Yes. See, pull up the ball back stones in Lebanon. 'cause there's stuff that's above it that is like of a more recent time period, but it seems to have been put there on top of these older stones that are so big. They don't make any sense. Like that's just one of 'em that was quarried but not moved. Right. But the ones that are in place go to the ones that like, see, like these ones, the ones that are above, so they're the lower stones and the ones above, you don't realize how big they are unless you can get a human being to stand next to 'em. Right. But they are preposterously big.


Like there you go. Right. Like you've 15 feet high, 30, 40 feet long. I mean, they're showing in metrics. So I'm confused. Incredible. Right. And who, who did it and when, when was that done? And then there's like Malta, like that stuff that they think Malta was con constructed when the sea levels were much lower. So there was a, a way to make a path to there from Italy and from these other places. Sure. Because they found Neanderthal bones there and, and that Allegedly Giants built that and de Ku you and all the hidden cities underneath Cappadocia and Turkey that they're finding are connected. But Those are nuts.


Nuts. No one knows who made them. No one knows who made them. And they can have thousands of people living underground. They can bring fresh water from the, from the aquifers. They can bring fresh air and circulate it. They have defensive mechanisms with these giant stones and nobody knows how they made them. Yeah. And who And, and why. Yeah. Great flood. Yeah. That's the theory, right? The theory, the great flood. And then the younger dry impact theory destroyed the atmosphere where there was, was just like above the earth, which is like chaotic. And they sought refuge underground. I lean more toward the, that the, the ice sheets melted from a solar event than an impact. But it certainly could be either. I mean, Well it could be a combination of things.


Could be, because it's also, they think there was more than one the, the impact event happened. They know this based on core samples, iridium, the, the nano diamonds that come from impacts. And This is the Greenland impact. Yeah. Not just Greenland, north America. They think it ha I think they found these, the evidence of this stuff, like 30% of the Earth's surface where the, they believe these things had hit. I think we got bombarded. Right. So that would be like flying through an asteroid field. Like, like the, like the Leonids or the pers and Torres. So the remnants of, of some giant object that that is rubble. Right. And we just fly through it, which means we fly through it frequently.


We fly through it twice a year. Twice a year. But we don't always, you know, most of the time we get lucky and it's not a really a hot one, but like what happened, Tunguska Tunguska. Right. That's that's great. And it is 1907 And in the same month that we passed through that comet field. That's Right. Yeah. Right. That's over Siberia. And that was an airburst, I believe, because there's no impact crater. Right. But it flattened like millions of square miles of Trees. And it still fucked to this day. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. There's images of that if you wanna look up that. There's, there's actual like, film of it. It's crazy. It looks like a, a bomb went off. Yeah. We're in a shooting gallery. You know, earth is flying through a shooting gallery.


There's 900,000 near earth objects that are just hovering around out there. And NASA says, we track most of them The, Because in those fields with, with the proceeds towards with are big objects, there are earth killers in there. Oh Yeah. You know, and Apophysis is lurking. Apophis is the big one that's due to fly by in a few years. What's that one? That's a, that's a giant asteroid. That's, I think it's due to fly by maybe 2030 something. How big is That one? I I, I'll get it wrong. I mean, I'm gonna say a million things wrong today. I'll hear all about it. But it, but it's a, it's a planted killer. Like it's a, it it's a civilization ender and it's gonna fly near, like, we're gonna be able to see it during the day.


375 meters across about the size of a cruise liner. It will pass within 32,000 kilometers of earth surface on April 13th, 2029. Now stop there. That's about, that's closer than the moon. Whoa. That's, I mean, way closer than the moon. Yeah. So that's what, about 70,000 miles where the moon is 250. Two 50 to 300. So we're gonna see that. What? Wow. You don't wanna see that in the, you don't wanna look up and see that. Well, just knowing that one's far larger have passed through and then we know for sure a bunch of hit, you know, for sure. You know, Chich, that one Right.


Chick Lu. But that was, that was pseudoscience until the father's son went down there and found it. And that wasn't that. I think that was when I was growing up. The dinosaurs died And it was, that was a conspiracy theory. Right. The asteroid. Right. And they and the guy, they found it, I think around 1980, the Yucatan impact. Yeah. And that's under the ocean and the iridium Yeah. Matches it. Yeah. All that is really spectacular stuff. It, it's just like when you look at the moon, you see the craters all over it and you realize, okay, this is what happens when you don't have an atmosphere and you also don't have water. And you could see everything that hits, like the whole thing. The whole thing covered. But why are there so many fewer impacts on the other side?


Are there Fewer? Really? I can't, I don't know the mo I have a, I have a a, it became a saying on the show. I even have a t-shirt. The moon is weird. Yeah. Like Gino's, my, my weird topic guy. It's like, what should we talk about? He's like, do hollow moon. So I went into that story thinking this is the dumbest shit I've ever heard. Right. The moon is hollow and I'm doing the research about halfway through. I'm like, Hmm, the moon is weird. And then by the end of my research, I was convinced that clearly the moon is a hollow spaceship that was brought here from another part of the galaxy. And it's here. And the lizard people are absorbing our soul energy. That's the only explanation for it. Probably not true, but man, the moon is very weird.


Well, it's also weird that the alignment and the size and the distance of the moon makes the eclipse perfect. Like, what are the odds of that? What are the odds that it, it is the exact distance from the sun so that when the moon and the sun align it's exact Right? It's like a 400 to one race. It's, it's exact. It's nuts. Like, But, but you could debunk that by saying the moon is getting further and further away. Right. But why is it perfect? Why? I mean, we have,


this Episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. Some things take time hunting, developing healthy habits, gardening, you have to wait months for a decent crop. But it's rewarding to see all your hard work and patients come to fruition. On the other hand, there are some things you just can't sleep on, like your personal safety. And did you know, most home security systems don't take action until it's too late. That's why I like Simply Safe. They're on top of things helping you stop break-ins before they happen. Not after. They use a combination of live monitoring agents and AI powered cameras to keep an eye on your property and deter suspicious people. And you can use it to keep an eye on your garden that you've spent so much time and money on. Speaking of, that's another great thing about SimpliSafe the pricing. They have plans that started around a dollar a day with no hidden fees. What you see is what you get. There's a reason why millions of Americans continue to trust and use SimpliSafe. Don't wait. Get 50% off your new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and your first month free at simplisafe.com/rogan. That's simplisafe.com/rogan for 50% off in your first month free. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


This episode is brought to you by ChiliPad, by Sleep Me Quality. Sleep isn't always about how long you sleep, but how well you sleep. And science tells us temperature plays a massive role in that. ChiliPad is on a mission to elevate the quality of human life through cool sleep. But ChiliPad isn't just about cooling. It's precision temperature control for better sleep and recovery. Set your ideal sleep temperature between 55 and 115 degrees for deeper sleep, better recovery, and improved sleep scores. Chili pad fits over your existing mattress and lets you and your sleep partner sleep at different temperatures with ChiliPad. Dominate the day, recover at night. Visit sleep.me/rogan to get your ChiliPad and save up to $500 with the code Rogan. Order your ChiliPad today with free shipping and returns and try it out for 30 days with their sleep trial visit sleep. SLEE p.me/r OAN. Sleep smarter, recover faster, perform better.


Not found a planet in this solar system or anywhere else that has a giant moon right next to it. This The size of the earth. We haven't found it. Yeah. We're the only one with it. And there are ancient legends that talk about a moonless sky. And when the moon arrived and when it arrived, it, it caused a, a caused a great flood. What are the ancient stories of a moonless sky? Where are they from? Ancient Indian texts will have it, but also native legends will have it. About the moon. Really? About a moonless sky. And then the moon arrives. And When do they think the moon arrived? It, it's hard to tell. You know, I always go to younger dries. Younger dries.


But, but who really knows? The earth was apparently just covered in this haze. Just very wet, very hazy. Maybe like Venus or something like that. Then the moon arrives and all that water from the atmosphere drops down to earth. The tidal forces are crazy. There's a huge flood and everything just settles. And then the moon is here and, and the moon is now like the guardian of the planet, which it really is. We could, you know, we couldn't really survive without it Because it stabilizes our atmosphere. Right. Stabilizes us And you know, Stabilizes our orbit. Our orbit and, and our spin and our axis. Yeah. Like when there's a major earthquake, the earth changes speed. The spin change, like our spin it change like measurably if there's a big earthquake and if there's a lot of those that could throw you off the axis, but the moon steps in like a bouncer And it settles things back down.


Hmm. So the idea would be that some sort of a superior civilization placed the moon there to ensure our survival. I don't, I don't think they care about us. Really? No, I don't think so. How come Again, we're, we're, we're in very speculative territory. 'cause nobody knows. Right. But I would think it would just be for resources. Hey, this place is a lot of stable water. That's it. That's useful. Don't you think they would be fascinated with us as an emerging civilization? And like I always say that if we found a planet that had cave people on it, like just starting to learn stone tools and stuff like that, we would for sure be interested in them. We'd be so fascinated.


And we would probably try to accelerate their learning curve. You think we would? Yeah, definitely. Yeah. Yeah. Well, think of what's a lot of these jerk offs have done with like uncontacted tribes and stuff like that. We're always trying to intervene and do something with them. You know, the dark forest theory? No, it's Ellucian. She who wrote the Three body problem on all those? Oh, dark Forest Theory says that if you attain a certain level of technology, the best thing You can do is just be quiet. Because, because the universe is a dark forest and the first person to stick his head out dies because you don't want a competitor in your region.


So as soon as a, a culture gets close to some technology that could make that they're on a path to threaten you, you gotta take them out. You gotta, you gotta halt their technology. And three body problems is kind of based on that. That's what they do in the books. And that seems to make a little more sense to me than sort of this altruistic, Hey, let's help them, you know, the Star Trek approach. Let's, let's make first contact and all of that. You know, I, I like, you know, human nature's a tricky thing. We're very selfish. You know, you and I might want see those people and help 'em along. But there's a, i there's a lot of people that w would not want a competitor in the neighborhood.


Yeah, maybe. But what if they don't even think of us as a competitor? What if they're, they're so advanced. Like if they're millions of years advanced, wouldn't they? They, like, this is the thing that Diana Paska and Gary Nolan and a lot of these people that study crashed retrievals. That, that there's a term that they use that these are donations, Right? That these vehicles are donations and that the ideas we're supposed to look at this and formulate new ideas through reverse engineering. And there, you know, there's circumstantial evidence that that's true. If you look at Bell Labs and all the crazy discoveries after Roswell, like we're using cathode ray tubes and suddenly transistors are made and silicon semiconductors and wireless transmission and Bell Labs is all these leaps forward.


Fiber optics, fiber optics, laser technology came outta Bell as well. And you know, the retrieval experts say that fiber optics and lasers for sure is reverse engineered. And it kind of makes a lot of sense because it seemed to have come out of nowhere suddenly. Bell Labs has it, you know, but it, you know, it's, my question is, where, where is the stuff, you know, we've got World War ii, we go into Korea in 1950, and at the time Russia, Russia had the MIG 15 was basically on par with us. I think we had the, the F 86 at the time, which, and MIG might've even been better. So that would've been, would've been a great time for some advanced tech.


But America did catch up and exceed the Soviets about 51 52, you know, during Korea, and then has been superior ever since. But you would think that after 47 with the Soviets there, let's get some of this anti tic stuff going. Yeah, Maybe the problem is that you're working in this very compartmentalized environment, so you're not allowed to share with all these different scientists. So because of that, there's no collaboration, which is necessary for real innovation. You have to have extroverts from a bunch of different fields analyzing all the different aspects of it. This is what Lazar pointed to the problems that they were having at S four when they were trying to back engineer this stuff.


He's like, you can't do science like this. 'cause everything is so top secret and so compartmentalized. The metallurgists were not allowed to talk to the propulsions people. And no one was allowed to talk to anybody else. And everybody was just like, what the fuck is going on? Right? Like, what are these things where like they didn't even tell him, allegedly, you know, if the story's true, they didn't even tell him where this thing came from. They, they show it to him and there's a United States flag sticker on it and he's like, oh, this is ours. Oh, that makes sense. And then he's examining, he is like, oh no, it's not like there's no seams in this thing. Like what is this? What's, what is the metal, what is it designed for? Something that's three feet tall. Like there's no controls inside this thing.


Like what is this reactor? How does this thing work? There's a chair. Yeah. You know, there's a couple of chairs. It looks like there's a neural interface. Maybe I, you know, you hear a lot of the scientists, their frustration, like, if I could just talk to these guys, right. You know, I'm, I'm picking up a, an em field from this. The metallurgist would be helpful here to tell me what's going on. You know, I, I keep coming across spinning mercury all the time. Spinning Mercury. The spinning mercury engine has been part of the lore since ancient India has the vimana. You know, those, those craft, if you look at the ancient text, it may have been the in the Mahata. Yeah. But, but they allude to this liquid metal. And then you fast forward to like the Nazis building the bell, the de Glock.


That was a mercury engine. And then we fast forward a little further, mark McCandless and the RV vehicle, the, I forget the flux liner that is a, that's spinning mercury engine. So spinning mercury keeps, keeps popping up and spinning. Mercury would cause some type of field. What that would be, I'm not a scientist, a physicist, I'm not sure, but it would certainly throw off a bunch of ions that could maybe be harnessed or used for something. Well it's, it's like we're trying to explain things to us based on our current understanding of technology. Like glass was invented a long time ago, but imagine showing up with a, a brand new Samsung Galaxy S 25 Ultra with Gorilla Glass, you know, in that thin frame and looking at the, they go, what the fuck is this?


There'd Be statues of you for a thousand years. Well You know what glass is and You know what metal is, right? Well this is glass and metal. You're like, what? What? No, what the fuck is this? We took sand and made it real hot. Yeah. And it made it clear. Huh? What? Right. And you can, You can drop it on the concrete And it doesn't break. Right. What? Yeah. So just our current understanding of technology based on the origins of that technology, just metal and glass. You know, you, you show someone metal and glass is thousands of years old. Show them what we have now with metal and glass. They'd be blown away. And you just keep going, keep going. Go, go A thousand years from now, like what does it all look like? It's like probably some sort of gravity propulsion system.


Probably 3D printed. So there are no seams. Right? Yeah. And that's the frustration about disclosure is how far could we be by now? Right. You know, had, had there been disclosure in 47 or or whatever. It's even more of a psyop if it's all bullshit. Like it's a psyop. If it's act, if it actually is like, wow, the government is actually really good at one thing. They're good at keeping secrets about UFOs. That's right. But if they're not, if it's all bullshit, like, boy, how weird that we've been like focusing on this nonsense, like as a culture. It got in the front page of the New York Times in 2017, but meanwhile it's all nonsense. Right? And that's almost less likely. Well if you look at what Doty did in the seventies and eighties with Paul Benowitz, when, when Benowitz discovered this advanced technology on Kirtland Air Force base, you know, he, he called the base and said, Hey, I think there's UFOs.


So they send Doty out. He was, he was Air Force intelligence. So si they sent him out to Benowitz and they, and, and he's like, Paul, I think it, I think it might be UF it is aliens. And Paul, you know, Paul gets a little bit wacky and he starts intercepting signals from outer space and, and they're sending him messages. But it turned out it's really the NSA rented a house across the street. And Paul has committed at some point. And then Doty over the years changes his story in instances. No, a lot of it is actually true. But Doty has also, he said as recently as 2019, Hal put-off tried to recruit him for disinformation campaign with, with aip. Really? So Hal put-off has been a part of disinformation campaigns.


Allegedly. Allegedly, allegedly forever. And what have they been doing with these disinformation campaigns? What have they been trying to muddle? Just to keep guys like you and me fascinated in trying to figure stuff out while they can just operate their advanced technology and peace God. Like let them think it's aliens and UFOs. That's fine. What, What a dirty thing to do to us. Filthy in the fifties, they were very public about anti-gravity. It was in the papers that, you know, the G engine, they were talking about it and then suddenly quiet. Yeah. Jesse Michaels talks about that all the time. The Townsend Brown. Yes. Yeah. Townsend and, and Ning Lee remember her story, the physicist who Dis Right.


And then she died in a car accident after she came back from China. Oops. Whoopsies. Yeah. Yep. So that was, so that was AC gravity, if you guys wanna look that up. She, she used to give talks and all of that. She was funded by DOD for $400,000. So we know that for sure. And then she just goes dark. She goes dark for 11 years. Shows up, I think in 2013, she's back 2014. She gets hits by a car. Why is it so fun? I don't know. Mark Lan just found all that stuff. Ended up killing himself later On. All this stuff is so fun. Which is why the y files are so good. 'cause it's like, I always get the same feeling when I watch your show.


It's like, oh, what is the answer? What is real? What is it? But it's, what is it about us that's so intrigued by these mysteries? I mean, there's so much that we know that is real. Just the, just the nature of the cosmos itself of black holes and solar nurseries and all, all the wild shit. That's absolutely real. But there's these things that are like, yeah, but what is that? I, I don't think enough people are interested in it, to be honest. I think that's part of the problem. Well I don't you think it's, 'cause for the most part it's dismissed and if you engage in it, it's like if you're a normal person, not like you or I, but if you're a person that has like a job and an accounting firm, you're like a very respected, legitimate person.


Especially like pre 2017, pre the New York Times article. And you wanna start talking about like gravity propulsion systems that the government's been hiding. And there's back engineering programs. They've got crash UFOs and there's one of them. It's only like a couple hundred feet wide, but you go inside of it, it's the size of a football field. Right? Like the tar Yeah. Or the one in Korea that's so big. They had to build a building around it because they couldn't move it. Right. I wanna know what that is. Same. Same. I don't, I wish more people were interested in it. I'm, I would almost be willing to run for president just to get access. Just if I ran for president, the company would be in shambles.


But everybody would know everything about UFOs. Dude, you have no shot. I have no shot. That would kill me. For sure. I can't, I can't believe the things you say are news. Oh yeah. Well it's 'cause news is like really dead. News. News. Yes. That's news. Well, extra. They're, they're angry about, about independent media. Well, they are, but it's also, the news is not. So their business is just clicks. And what better way to get clicks than I said something crazy. And so then, you know, and then it also kind of supports the idea that we need to be gatekeep and someone needs to, you know, be able to stop us from spreading misinformation. Or my favorite term, malformation something. Oh, I don't, That came up during COVID that we need to stop the spread of misinformation, disinformation and malformation.


Malformation is real information that is true and accurate, but would be negative in its impact to society. Which is, it's bonkers, crazy. We can't live in that society. Well That's, they're, they're making us infants. Right. They're saying we can handle this. But the, the vast majority of you, even though we're all supposed to be equal and the government's supposed to be working for you and serving the people. No, we will have this information and we will know what we're doing and you won't be able to have access to it because you're not ready for it. 'cause you're too Stupid. They lost, they lost already. They just don't know it yet. But they lost. Yeah, they lost a long time ago. I'm gonna, I'm gonna put out an episode about how dragons are real and when I get to the debunk, I'm gonna say nothing.


They're real peace out Triangular spacecraft. What is this? Stumbled down a lower rabbit hole and found a patent that exists or did exist. It was abandoned in 2006. This could be the, I forget the title. Look at this. The Sr. Was it seven RB? There's a T three BTR. This is like the ones that they always see like the Phoenix lights and that one. So it says a spacecraft having a triangular with vertical electrostatic line charges on each corner that produce a horizontal electric field parallel to the sides of the hu. This field interacting with a plain wave emitted by antennas on the side of the hull generates a force per volume combining both lift and propulsion.


What Wow. Gives all the math, but like, I don't know, I'm gonna do this math and if someone, oh, We need to get Eric here. You know, someone can look at it and be like, that's not real. Get Eric Weinstein to like, do that math For us hasn't been made obviously, or that We know of has Jamie S and I'm surprised it's that classified. There's other, according to this article though, it's where I found it. There's what it was about the T three B thing. Right? So that, that's, that's a real experimental aircraft. Does America have a reverse engineer? UFO. Oh, but this goes back to 1991 with the Desert storm. There's reports of what they call it A TR three A, which looks a lot like what distilled bomber kind of is. Yeah. But also whoa. Yep. No control. TR three B is said to be like nothing we've seen before.


This was what the, I got to from Liquid Mercury. I was trying to find stuff about it. And there's theories that people say that like this is probably what they're running off of. It's Supposedly powered by a reverse engineered anti-gravity drive that was recovered from a crashed airline spacecraft. The TR three B is where reports of UAP performing seemingly impossible aerial maneuvers intersect with stories about very real Aircraft. Read the next paragraph. There are lots of claims over the internet about TR three B's anti-gravity drive, most of which include using nuclear power to rotate highly pressurized mercury to produce plasma and in turn a gravitational field.


Whoa. Something about the mercury. Have you ever heard Eric Weinstein talk about this? There's a college in upstate New York that has an incredibly overqualified physics department and they're attached to a hedge fund that does Bernie Madoff type numbers. Yes. And he thinks the whole thing is a cover for some sort of advanced physics that they have been keeping a lockdown on. And it would make total sense. I mean SR I would be another good example of that, right? Where how, where Hal was in the seventies. Project Stargate and all of that. And Stanford. Yeah. The idea that the government can't keep secrets. Like what about Epstein? What? Come on. People Ask me all the time That's in, in front of everybody's face and they've kept the list a secret.


We're never gonna see the list. Stop asking me. You're not gonna see the list. Why not? 'cause everybody, all your heroes are on it and they're on it a lot. Mm. That's never coming out. Yeah. And you know, you know, I have a friend that thinks like a lot of the world events that you're seeing, one of the reasons why people support it is because of the Epstein 'cause of the list. Because people are compromised. 'cause no one can talk about things, you know, which is like really wild. So the government can keep some secrets. Manhattan Project was, Was secret. They, yeah, they did a great job with that. And that was one that, you know, I mean it was a race between us and the other foreign powers. They were all trying to come up with a nuclear bomb first.


We did it first. The idea that there's no way that we could have some sort of advanced propulsion system and that modern physicists would be aware of the state of the art and they would tell you, yeah, no, this is not possible. I don't, I don't think that's correct. I think you could probably, if you were working on something and you had a very specific hierarchy and you were really good at compartmentalization and you were recruiting these people at a very early stage in their career, people with promise these geniuses giving them a very high salary, a prestigious position, but then everything's locked down. Cell phones email you, they're under constant surveillance.


And if somebody steps outta line, like the lady in Maryland, the Chinese lady Yep. And a lot of them. Yeah. A lot of 'em go that way. Yeah. You know, I'm, I'm very, I'm skeptical about a lot of the whistleblowers, especially the ones that come out of Air Force Intelligence and all that. But me Too, even when I'm talking to them, I'm like, Hmm. Well I mean, you know, I have, I kind of have that needle of skepticism. And it starts with do you have a background in intelligence? Yes. Right. Military intelligence. Yeah. Air Force intelligence. Yeah. Are you, are you still on the payroll? Right? Did you get your information cleared from the Pentagon? Yeah. Do you have a book? Yeah. And it all goes, did you, did you release some photos that were fake? Yeah, I am over here. Then you go Bob Lazar.


He has none of that stuff. Did the government target you? Did they try to discredit you? Yeah. You know, have you been ostracized? When, when Lazar came out, I think it was to George Knapp. He was, he didn't say his name right. He didn't have any books. The first book I think was with him and Jeremy in 2019. Right. So Lazar to me is the most credible of the whistleblowers. Right? But, but Jeremy and George just had a whistleblower a couple of weeks ago. He's pretty credible. He's a young guy. He's clearly, clearly nervous. And he has some very interesting information about what is it? Immaculate constant.


This episode is brought to you by Manscaped. Father's Day is right around the corner. And when you're a dad, time is precious. You've got kids work a busy schedule. Manscaped Dome Shaver Plus is exactly what you need. This electric shaver is fast, efficient, and gets the job done. We're talking about a smooth shave that feels as good as it looks. Look guys, we've used a lot of razors. Some of them are too rough. Some of them leave cuts. But this thing is next level. The Dome Shaver plus features four stainless steel rotary blades designed with skin safe technology to help reduce nicks and cuts. It's innovative. Flex adjust technology also ensures every blade adapts to the angles of your head and stays close to your scalp for a precision finish. And the design is top-notch. It's waterproof, lightweight, ergonomic. And I'm telling you, you're gonna feel like a king every time you use it. Try it risk free with their 30 day money back guarantee. This Father's Day. Treat yourself or the dad who deserves it to the ultimate grooming upgrade. Visit manscape.com and use the Code Rogan for 20% off, plus free shipping worldwide. That's 20% off. And free shipping with the Code Rogan. Don't wait. Join the mothership of shaving tech and grab the Dome Shaver. Plus today


this episode is brought to you by my friends at Black Rifle Coffee. That's all I drink folks. If you see me drinking coffee in the studio, it's Black Rifle Coffee. It's 'cause my friend Evan Fer, who owns the company, I love 'em to death and they make the best coffee in the world. They put together the best energy drink in America made with 200 milligrams of naturally sourced caffeine, low calories and absolutely zero sugar. It's available in four new delicious flavors. Project Mango, ranger Berry Freedom Punch and White Frost Veteran founded and veteran led. Each black rifle coffee purchase you make helps them give back to those who serve our nation. Shop now@blackriflecoffee.com slash Joe Rogan with the code Rogan for 30% off. Or visit your local grocery and convenience stores, black Rifle Coffee. America's Coffee.


Ian, Which guy is this? I don't, I don't remember his name. It's very new. Is that The bald guy? No, no, no. The bald guy I think is Air Force Intelligence. This is a kid whose career is ruined and he's maybe in his twenties and You can see he's clearly nervous. And what is his claim? His claim is that he was going through some files, you know, he's got top secret clearance and he found the Immaculate Constellation Project. Basically a PowerPoint presentation. And his job was just to sort these files. He, and he's looking through it and suddenly it's like, whoa, this is about recovery and alien craft. And, and he did the right thing and went to his superiors and said, you know, there's a leakage.


I saw information I maybe wasn't supposed to, so I'm just letting you know. And his peers were like, eh, forget about it. And he's like, and that was it. It's just no reprimand, no nothing. I just went back to work. But he was too fascinated by the document. So he kept pursuing it and pursuing it and, and now he talks about it. I don't know his name, but if you track down, you know Jeremy and George, you'll find it easily. Mm. That's the kid. Yeah. So here's a way that I would kind of try to debunk that. If I was being logical, if I was the government and I did have some very sophisticated propulsion system that's beyond the understanding of what we think to be current state-of-the-art physics.


Like beyond, far beyond that. I think I might release a bunch of horse shit about UFOs. A hundred percent. Yeah. I might put a bunch of that stuff out there to say, oh, it can't be ours. It's not ours. It's it's not of this world. Muddy the waters. Yeah. Not, not just that, but attach like really kooky stuff to stuff that's real so that you think the real stuff is kooky. Right? Like, like the drone scared. Remember that? That was very manufactured and the, the press was all over it. We don't know where the drones or they're all flying over the military bases. All of that stuff. I What do you think That was? I know what it was. I've seen the Noam reports. I don't You know what a Noam is? No.


That's a notice to airmen. So pilots, private pilots get warning of no fly zones. And usually you'll see a lot of swaths carved out if like Air Force one's flying through. But for some reason these Noam reports have all these little circles all around that you can't fly through where the drones were. And I've seen that. And when did the drones, they suddenly stopped when, right, right before inauguration day. Yeah. And no and no one talks about the drones anymore. Yeah. It's gone. Gone. I mean it was mainstream news all over the place. And They had people nervous. Yeah. They had them nervous. And I think that was the point. So you think they did it as a psyop just to see how people would react?


I do. And remember, I know nothing. Right. But that is my opinion is that it was a psyop and that most of this is, If there are visitors and there are from somewhere else, wouldn't the best way to prepare us is to start flying a bunch of like really wacky shit that we have in the air and not explain it. That would be a good way to prepare Us, get us comfortable with seeing things hovering over New Jersey that defy what our understanding of drone capabilities are in terms of the time that they can stay in the air. Some of them were in the air like for five hours Observed. But that, but if that's what was the reason to get us ready, it backfired.


'cause it freaked people out. People were very nervous about it. Like, so our military installations are vulnerable. People were very frightened. That Was the other thing. Like Wright Patterson Air Force Base, they had some drones and then they had to shut the base down And Right Patterson is is like ground zero for all of it. Project rule book that Roswell swell went there. Yeah. The second crash, What's the second Crash? The second crash was some miles north and west of there. And you'll hear Doty talk about it. And that's where other pilots were recovered. I think the total of fives pilots like the, the ebs. Oh the ebs. And according to to Doty and others, one of the EBS was stayed with the government, I think in Los Alamos for five years till 1952.


That was the EBA one or whatever. He liked strawberry ice cream. Who doesn't? Who doesn't? Right. That'd be the first thing I'd do if I went to Planet Serpo is what's the ice cream like here? Well, just the idea that they would eat like we eat seems crazy. Right. And then also they could breathe our air. Like what are the odds of that? Well, you know, the theories are, you know, we never see alien shit or whatever, but, but there's always a rebuttal is that, you know, they have a metabolism that absorbs nutrients and their waste is recycled and all of that stuff. Photosynthesis or Something. Something like that. Yeah. Well they do seem genderless, genderless giant heads.


You know, I always say that the archetype like the, the grays like close encounter grays. If you go back to like neander dolls and then you go back to like Australia, Pentheus covered in hair, heavily muscled. And then you go to like the average dude to place Call of Duty, you know, like what do we do? I play Call of Duty. It's fine. It's a great game. But You know what I'm saying? It's like people become like these frail muscle list things and then your head keeps getting bigger and bigger as the mind evolves. And then human capabilities increase in terms of like our ability to communicate telepathically, all these different, no need for mouth noises anymore. So your mouth shrivels up to this little slit.


And why are the eyes so big and black? Because you're evolved underground. Oh, I thought it was like sunglasses built in. Well it could be the same. Like, that's what I thought. I'm like, well that looks like sunglasses, right? Like if you wanna protect your eyeballs, if like your atmosphere is far brighter And you know, you have to be able to see things. I think that was, there was one retrieval story that, that had that like one of the black eyes was half open that they thought it might have been something that like a little shield. Like a shield. Like it's a legit recovery story. I can't remember it offhand. Mm. Like camels have a weird shield over their eyes for sandstorms, right? Yeah. Like they have like an eyelid, a clear eyelid that covers over their eyes that's they can like go through sandstorms and not get blinded.


You know, it's an interesting point that you brought up about Neanderthals is, and a lot of people don't know that just, just about 50,000 years ago, Neanderthals had basically an empire. Yeah. Over, over all of Europe and, and for Hundreds of thousands of years. For hundreds of thousands of years. And then suddenly boom, they're defeated by frail, weak, hairless humans outta caves. And it's attributed to, we figured out a bow and arrow, you know, we could harass from a distance, projectile weapons. And that's how we defeated this vast empire of Neanderthals who were not stupid. You know, who were bigger Brains than ours. Bigger brains than ours. They had art, culture, music. They trained in warfare.


They had organized warfare. I mean, can you imagine staring down the barrel of a division of organizing the edge talls coming at you, right. Like essentially super athletes. Yes. With chimpanzee like strength. Right. And speed. Yeah. And intelligence. And we came outta the caves and defeated them. Okay. And eyes so large that they think their eyes might have been, they might have been able to see nocturnally. Yeah. I love that episode you guys did on the als, you debunked it at the end. But the idea that they were like more ape-like than they were human. They looked like dark Monster monsters. Dark skin. Yeah. Dark skin fangs and Yeah. That was a cool episode. Yeah. They mostly debunked, but Yeah.


But I mean, there probably was some hunting of humans, you Know? For sure. And when you're dealing with something that's a far superior physical specimen Yeah. When you Much denser bones. Sure. Much stronger than us. And when we know that we have some of their DNA in us, and it's, you know, when when you hear, oh, we interbred with them. That's not precisely how it went down. Most likely is most likely the women were carried away. What is, that's how the interbreeding happened. Yikes. Yikes. Or horny men and some lonely neander tall lady. Some dude's like a big lady. There's no shame in it.


Yeah. A big thick one to make you some fucking warrior children. It just wanna be cut. Someone's just got dense bones. You know? I'm looking for a lady with a dense head. Let's have a dense baby. Yeah. What do their fucking language sound like? I know, it's like the, we used to think of them as being really stupid and until they realized that their brain masses actually larger than ours and they were capable of language and all these different things. Like, okay. Like, how did we beat Them? I don't know. That is a puzzle. Yeah. You know, the answer is projectiles. Mm. Well, it kind of makes sense. I mean, if we were the only ones to figure out bows and arrows and a littles and all that kind of stuff, it would work.


Maybe. Yeah. Especially if we organized, you know, But you could still overwhelm how, you know, you can overwhelm a few archers with just, we would just throw bodies at it. You know, warfare's been fought like that for humans forever. Just Maybe their language is too crude to allow for that kind of communication. Like to strategize And, you know, You know what I'm saying? Like, maybe their language is like, very crude, normal day-to-day stuff. I'm hungry, I wanna fuck, like, let's kill these people. It was not complicated enough to say, look, we got an issue here. Right? Here's the issue. We gotta get around them from the back end, you know? And you guys gotta distract 'em from the front.


And this is what we'll do. You know? I mean, that's the only thing that makes sense. Yeah. But it Still doesn't make complete sense to me. Well, why Were their brains bigger than ours? That's the weird one. Like, we associate larger brains with more complex thinking. So why would what we think of as the most brutish version of human beings? I don't know. But don't, don't neanderthal brains, even though they were larger, had fewer convolutions. So, oh, Really? Do we know that I, that's part of my research, which, you know, most of it's bullshit, but that's what I read. You know, large brain, but not as powerful, But interesting. Well, so maybe the large brain was attributable to physical capability.


Just the fact that you can produce music tells me, oh, so, so much about your brain. And they produce music. They produce music and art. How do we know that? We found, we found relics and artifacts of it, Of musical instruments. Instruments and cave writing and all that stuff. Oh. You know, they used needles and thread to make clothing. Really? Wow. Yeah. Very strange that we beat them. That's a neanderthal tool. Flute. A Flu, Neanderthal flute, Some sort of flute. Whoa. A bone flute Made with the bone of your defeated enemy. Yeah. Some dude you ate, made a flute out of his shin.


Oh, They figured out that death whistle back then too. That's sort of musical. Oh, the, as Aztec de it's not the same, but Aztec de That's, that's a scary one. Yeah. Brian Callan blew it on this show in 2019, and COVID started right afterwards. That's The summing the demons. Yeah. Brian did, I think remember that. Yeah, it Was, it was January, 2020. Oh, okay. It was like weeks, weeks, weeks before. Weeks before the lockdown. COVID was already here. Might Even been closer. Yeah. I think COVID was already here by then. It's like with the anti-gravity, why can't we cooperate with the Chinese? Yeah. Nope. No. Well, we kind of, we kind of, we know how to do that. Yeah. Yeah. It's also fascinating to me how many different versions of human beings existed.


You know, there's the Hobbit people on the island of Flores. Right. That's a fascinating one. Homo Flury instance, something like that. Esis, whatever it is. Yep. Yeah. The three foot tall little furry creatures that they think had tools and Yep. War clothing and all that jazz. Yeah. And it, there's even the different branches like Crow Magine is not really from our branch. That's really, that's a different branch. Yeah. We branch from a different branch. So not only Just Dennis S. Dennis. Right. And then the, what are the big head people that they just found recently? This is like super recent. Like there was a a, an article that was made in December of 2024 about this other new branch of the human species that had much larger heads than ours.


And they think it was like this really thick, muscular, like heavy human being. What is it called again? Yeah. Big head people between, yeah. So they disappeared around the same time as the anals 50,000 years ago. Have You seen the images of what they, the reconstruction did make, see, go to some of the drawings of what these people looked like. They looked fucking insane. Were they taller? I do not know. I don't know how tall they were, but they looked fucking cool as shit. Yeah. There was like a jacked one, wasn't it? Yeah. That's the one I want.


Nah, that's one. But that's not the one we were looking at. We were looking at one that theorized that it was completely covered in hair. Interesting. Yeah. So this is a very recent discovery. So how many of this is the thing, I think something like 90% of the, the species that, that exist have existed. We don't have fossils for, But that, well, I mean, 99% of the species ever existed are gone. Right. But fossils are very difficult to happen because it has to happen in a mudslide. Somehow the body has to be preserved and it's mineralized. Right. I don't know how many dinosaur complete fossils we have of like a T-Rex. I don't even think we have a complete one yet, but one or 2 billion T rexes lived and died on the planet.


We have a couple of skeletons. Right. It's billions. Right, right. Yeah. And it just makes you wonder when they're finding things like this in 2024, how many are yet to be discovered? I mean, how much of the ground's surface has really been excavated to a very high level. Right? Yeah. Very little. And, and it's, and it's very difficult to even dig there. I mean, what's happening in Turkey is a shame with gobekli tepi, you know, just paving over it and planting orchards on top of it. They took, they've taken down the orchards. They did. They've taken down the, yeah. The olive trees. The problem with that was that, and this is Jimmy Corsetti had talked about this long ago, that the, the issue with them doing this is the roots are gonna destroy the artifacts below.


And they're like, no, no, no, no, it won't. And then turns out, actually it is. So they had to pull them and so they, they pulled the olive trees, but they planted them purposely over the, the area, which is like, I'm glad Corsetti is out there. I like him and I know him pretty well and he's great. The Turkish government, I think has banned him. And he is trying to get him in trouble here. Trying to get him sanctioned. Sanctioned. How do he sanction the guy off YouTube? I For what? Look, look, when you were, when, when CNN was going after you and they were like trying to get Spotify to, to cancel you creators like me who go against kind of mainstream were very nervous because like, if YouTube just pulled my show, I'm kind of fucked.


Right. So it's like, if they could take down Joe, we're done. Yeah. But they, you know, Spotify a lot of respect hung fast. Yeah. We've talked about that. Like, if I wasn't on Spotify and I was only on YouTube at the time, I might've been fucked. Do you? 'cause they were taking people down for actual, real truthful information. Yes. That was in their eyes malformation. That would cause vaccine hesitancy. Yeah. Still, no apologies. No, no. But it, you know, it was a risky time, you know, to be non politically correct. You know, before it was safe to, Yeah. It was a, a very dangerous time and weird because it's like instantly dangerous. Like it wasn't like that before. Then all of a sudden, like anything you can say could get your career ruined.


Yep. You know, and you're, and again, everybody turned out to be right. Everybody was right. That masks don't work. Everybody was right. That the vaccine didn't stop. The infection didn't stop. Wasn't a vaccine transmission. It wasn't a vaccine. It has a bunch of side effects. The the Pangolin is nonsense. I mean, we knew that all of this, it was just Intuit. The lab leak theory was racist. That was racist. Oh my goodness. The r word to get You to say they tried anything. They tried anything they could to silence any opposition why you were gonna say something. Do you mind you were gonna say you had a question? I think, I Forget We steamed over it, but we were talking about like the weirdness of that time about how dangerous it was.


Like, you know, it was real touch and go. It was real weird. There was like a lot of forces that were trying to get me removed because I was talking to people that they were deeming quacks. One of 'em, which is Robert Malone, who has nine patents on the creation of mRNA vaccine technology. I mean, these are rock solid credentials. These people had, they weren't kooks like Jay Bachar, all these people like Stanford, MIT, Harvard, all these, the, all the people from the Great Barrington Declaration. These are legitimate researchers and scientists that didn't agree with the narrative. And they were getting them removed from Twitter And they had awards through their careers. Yeah. Highly revered and respected. Yeah.


And then suddenly, no, It didn't matter because these people unfortunately had a conscience and they were saying, well, this is not what I know. I am an actual expert and I do not think that the information they're giving out is correct, so I'm gonna speak my mind. And it just, they were just, and then there's also a concerted effort by Fauci like and his group to go after these people. Yes. And to attack these people publicly. Yes. And when it was very early on, I forget even what paper I had released an op-ed in some paper criticizing a lot of this and lockdowns, you know, like my dojo was closed down and was trying to fight with masks on.


So I was angry. And then within weeks of that, it suddenly became politicized. And I was like, now I'm fucked. And now it's a political issue. How is it that this is a political issue? Right. But it was, it was politicized. And I don't know why. I don't know why. I don't know why it was all shut down. I think it's all just money. I think the vaccine companies wanted to make as much money as possible. And then anything that contributed to vaccine hesitancy was not for the greater good of public health. It was because the more vaccine hesitancy, the less profit they would have. I think it's real simple. Ugh. Yeah, I agree. But that's really gross. It is Gross. But it's also gross that they would prescribe it for children because it was totally unnecessary. So the only reason why they would prescribe it for children or mandate it for children to get into schools is 'cause they wanted to make as much money as possible.


And they made an insane amount of money. So it did work. It was effective. But boy, it destroy a lot of credibility. It certainly did. And it definitely worked where my wife was working. They, it was a mandatory vaccine situation, but it, she was working remotely, so didn't really have to get it. But I can see that the narrative was starting to catch with her. And I'm like, honey, hold fast. This is, this is a story. You know, it was a left wing company and they're just following the narrative. They don't just hold fast. Don't get that shot. And she didn't. Yeah. Luckily I know people that did. I know people that have real fucking problems right now. Same. Yeah.


It's Like they got long COVID suddenly. Yeah. And it's weird that long COVID is something that mostly affects people that have gotten vaccinated, but they want to call it long COVID. They don't wanna call it vaccine injury. Nope. It's just, the whole thing is like very creepy because it just shows you if something is like very clear and obvious and it's a real disease and we know the origin of it now, and we know that all this stuff has been done to obscure it, how many other elements of society, how many other stories that are in the news have also been distorted and twisted around in order to promote a very specific narrative? And how effective have they been at doing this? It's not like this is the only time they've ever done this.


So COVID was kind of a window into disinformation and about how the government can use these ploys and manipulation And, you know, using these tactics of humiliation, humiliating, these established scientists ruining their careers, attacking their credentials. And what, what other things have they used these on? What other, you know, geopolitical aspirations, have they masked and all this bullshit? Like it's, the whole thing is just like, it's very disconcerting to find out that the people that have been running the country are super comfortable with lying. Here's the good news is the irony of COVID is the forces that were forcing us to be locked down and stay home gave rise to independent creators and journalists and independent thinkers and folks like you.


And because of their forcing the lockdowns, they destroyed their own industry. Yeah. And there's no going back. I mean, I haven't watched M-S-N-B-C or Fox News in years and you turn it on, it's like, ugh, this is just, I hear the same stuff from the left and the right. I just hear the same stuff. I get my news from YouTube from all different sources and that's what I want. And they destroyed their own industry. Yeah. And it's interesting to see like, what, what is it gonna look like, you know, five, 10 years from now? Because five, 10 years ago, you never, 10 years ago, you never would've imagined the CNN would lose all its credibility. No, that was, we watched, you know, desert Storm on there. Everything. Yeah. Everything always when you wanted to get the news. And it was always also CNN was thought of being as this like sort of nonpartisan environment for the news.


It just showed you what the news was. And then somewhere along the line it became very editorialized, very opinion based and very, you know, these people telling you to do your own research, do not do your own research. Like imagine saying, don't read. Right. Don't read. You're not smart enough aj. Right. You think you can go read Right. Absorb information. You're not smart enough to absorb information. Leave that to the experts. Don't listen to Rogan. He takes horse pills. Got that from his doctor. You, It's also calling it Horse Dewormer was so stupid. Was so stupid because everybody knows used on humans. Oh, ivermectin is in my cabinet, But it's just a simple Google search would tell you that something's wrong.


That's Required medication for foreign service. Yeah. Yeah. So it's one of those things where you wonder after something like that has been happening, well, this seems like a playbook they're really comfortable with using, how many other things have they used this on? Like what are, what other aspects of society are just complete horse shit? When did it really start? Right. You know, I, you know, probably, Probably during the forties, maybe even before, because if you read Wars a racket by Smedley Butler, that was 33 General Butler. Yeah. The, the business plot general. Yeah. Yeah. He, he was a very, very honest guy. Yeah. Yeah. If you guys don't know the business Plot's worth looking into, that was a, they tried to recruit him to overthrow the government. Yeah.


Yeah. 'cause he had all the troops at his disposal. Yeah. That was wild. They were gonna have a coup, They were gonna have a co Coup in the United States. Yeah. And nobody has answered for that. No. That's, that's the JP Morgans and that whole set. So this kind of thinking has been going on forever. And now, and then this also kind of gatekeeping of information like hiding the truth from people in order to preserve narratives, in order to preserve power and authority. Well, let's connect, let's go back to, to Butler for a quick second. You've got Tesla, who's gets funded by JP Morgan to create wireless technology, but Tesla gets a little ambitious and says, I'm gonna do wireless communication, but I'm, I'm gonna take your $150,000.


I'm gonna do wireless energy and we'll do free energy around the world. And Morgan's like, how do you put a meter on that? Tesla's like, what do you mean this propel mankind forward? Morgan pulls his funding, tells everyone in the investment class, this guy's a kook. And if you invest with him, you don't do business with me. A few years later, warden Cliff Tower gets torn down. Tesla dies in poverty. Yeah. And where are those 20 boxes? Yeah. And why, why was the government so quick to respond to that crime scene? Yeah. They showed up at that guy's house quick. They gathered up all that information. I wonder what they got from that Uncle, uncle, uncle John Trump. There was in charge of that. Yeah. Right. What did they get in those boxes? Donald Trump's uncle reviewed Tesla's death Ray secrets and found mysterious royal letters.


I think they, well he Looks like a Trump, doesn't he? He kind of does. That's what Trump would look like if he didn't do the comb Over. Wasn't he working outta Wright Patterson as well? Was he for this Dun dun, dun Wright Patterson is a weird place. Like they think that that's where one of them is. Yes. Yeah. You know the, the Nixon story with Jackie Gleason, I know that Gleason was into UFOs. Tell the story. The story is Gleason got into UFOs because him and Nixon were drinking one day. And Nixon was like, oh, see some shit. I Wish I was drinking. But that you Imagine. And then he takes him, he flies him out to wherever the base is and shows him a crashed UFO and these bodies that they have in freezers.


And it was ripe Patterson. I do not know. I do not know. I don't know if Jackie Gleason ever said the story came from Gleason's wife And it was an article in some sort of a magazine. But then there's the house that Gleason built in upstate New York that looked like a UFO, like Gleason built a home. Yeah. That was like, like a Disc. I'm gonna look into this. It's such a good story. I wonder where they went Reportedly would've been in Homestead Air Force Base. I it might be in Florida In 73. I think that's where they were when that, when they were playing golf in 70 Embalmed was reportedly shown embalmed bodies of four alien beings. Dun, dun, dun. So Nixon exposes the UFOs to a civilian, and then it does not go well for Richard Nixon after that.


Well, I think what went badly for Richard Nixon was that Richard Nixon was inquiring as to who killed JFK. And he said he thought he knew, and he was kind of talking about it publicly. And they're like, okay. Yep. And they had already, you know, brought in Gerald Ford kicked out Spiro Agnew. They got rid of him. Gerald Ford, who was also in the Warren Commission report. That's right. They, and then all of a sudden Nixon and Watergate happens. And Nixon the most popular president of all time. Of All time. And it turns out that Bob Woodward was actually an intelligence agent. And this is his first project ever. Operation Mockingbird. And then the people that were involved in the break in all FBIG, Gordon, g Gordon Liddy. Yeah. The whole thing is a coup Hall was a coup all was a Setup.


Yeah. And we are all parroting, you know, Nixon was a crook. That guy was a crook. He was this or that. Like, they did a great job. The psyop was wonderful. I'm a patsy. Yeah. They say it over and over. Yeah. It's all really, really interesting stuff. But it's just, you know, it, what, what come, what it boils down to with stuff like your show. Like how much of it is, how much is real, you know? And when you have these mis mysteries, one of the amazing things about mysteries is you're never gonna run outta topics. No. There's so many of these things. And as long as there's a US government, I'm, I'm good. As long as the CAA exists, they're Always gonna be hiding something.


But it's the, the fun ones are always the alien ones. That's the most fun ones. The alien ones, the ancient civilization ones. Like what do you think when, when you go over the Bob Lazar story, like what, what do you, how much of you th how much of you cries bullshit? How much of he's like, Hmm. More on the hm. Side? I think he's the most credible whistleblower because he, he Didn't profit from that. Didn't Profit. And they, I mean, they prosecuted him for run, for running a prostitution ring. You know, which maybe he was, which I think he was, he, he pled down to pandering, but he, well They also raided him during the Jeremy Corbell documentary while they're filming the documentary, the FBI raided his facility.


And they said they were looking for something. And supposedly he has a version or a, a sample of stable element one 15. What? That's supposedly. Yeah. And that's supposedly what they were looking for. Well, of course, supposedly he had gotten that from the lab and when, when he was at S four and that he had managed to smuggle out a, a stable chunk of this element one 15. And there was a video that George Knapp had from back in the eighties where Lazar was demonstrating how this stuff bends light. And You know what it does, like, it has weird effects. How soon after that raid was one 15 is now called Mosco.


Vian, how soon after that raid was one 15 synthesized? I think it was synthesized in Russia, it Being well synthesized by a particle collider. And so the, the, when they got it is a very temporary, quickly dissolving form, but they proved its existence. And supposedly what Lazar is saying, wherever these beings are from, they obviously have a completely different environment and they have a stable version of this, this element. Yep. And this element is crucial to this gravity propulsion system that it's a part of this reactor. It gets bombarded with radiation, produces this gravity field allows you to just slingshot through the, the universe.


I, I don't know, are they working to stabilize it at, you know, I don't know what's going on behind the scenes, man, I need To, why would they raid Bob Lazar That, so that's that spectrum of believability again. Exactly. Here's a guy who's being attacked and, and tormented in The middle of filming a documentary. I mean, I just had my fight. First IRS audit. I don't know how you're doing. Oh, what'd you Do? I didn't do anything. I don't work in weed anymore. What do you think they were auditing for you? For what, what, what, when you go over all your episodes, I'm sure it's just a coincidence. What do you think? Definitely coincidence. What do you think are the most problematic? Most problematic for me are probably this the, the CIA ones I, the one I did that ended with the ancient orange kind of expose was a kind of a dangerous one.


I, it was the dark history of DARPA and all the bad stuff that DARPA's done since, since its founding, it's done some horrible, horrible, horrible stuff. And that was an episode I was afraid to release. There's been a couple of those really, you know, MK Ultra is kind of afraid to release, because I name names A scary one was how Lyme Disease might have been a lab leak. Yeah. That's a weird one. That's An, Bobby Kennedy fully believes That it was Eric Tr was like the Chief Nazi bio warfare specialist that was brought here. Operation Paperclip and That, and we do, we do know that there have been some studies done where they were trying to devise diseases that they could aerial spray, whether it's through bugs or something onto a population overwhelm their medical system so they'd be easier to defeat.


That's documented. Yeah. The entire enemy super weak. Everybody's weak over there. And then Also documented is some ticks got out, Dun, dun, Dun dun, some ticks got out. So it's, you know, when you look at Lyme, Connecticut as ground zero And it just spreads from there and there was no Lyme disease before. That's a scary one to release. Yeah. But whenever I get into Operation Paperclip, I always hammer home. These are Nazis. We, you know, Vernor Von Brown is not a hero. He's a hero, but he's not a hero. You know, a lot of these guy, these is all evil dudes and most of the Operation Paperclip was just bringing over intelligence assets. They don't like talking about that.


It's the 1200 scientists that we learned about. It's not the 6,000 intelligence agents that just lived here until the seventies and eighties. Right. All with their fucking dueling scars on their faces. Scary Looking dudes. Like right outta Indiana Jones. Right. SS on the shoulder. And that's what was a part of NASA that was running nasa. Right. Like Warner von Braun was an actual Nazi and he was the head of nasa. He and SS Nazi. Yeah. So the V one Rocket Program killed 3000 people in London, but killed 30,000 Jewish slaves building the rocket. You know, way 10 times more people died building the thing. And if you didn't work hard enough in the rocket factory, they would just hang you from the rafters.


But Fum Brown said he didn't know anything about it. And all of his team said, we, we didn't know anything about it. Okay. Well that's convenient. Well, every time I bring up someone who's from there, I just remind everybody, these are Nazis, these are liars, these are bad dudes. That doesn't mean, you know, they're not, they didn't do amazing things for America. 'cause you can do both. Yeah. That's what's Weird. You know, the V one rocket eventually becomes Saturn five, which takes us to the moon. Allegedly. Allegedly. Allegedly. That's the allegedly, yeah. That's my favorite one. Same. Did you ever see the episode I did with Bart Sare? Yes. And I talked to Bart from time to time. He's, Boy, he's all in, All in For decades. Eventually I'm gonna do conversation podcasts.


And he, he'll be one of the first guys I have on, I had dinner with Bart Sare in like the year 2000, 2003 or something like that. I had dinner with him in Los Angeles. I, I had seen a funny thing happen on the way to the moon. Which, what year was that? Released? Great documentary. Released, What year was the funny thing happen on the way to the moon? Released. So it was like shortly thereafter. Somehow I do, I do not even remember how I got connected with him, but we had dinner in Los Angeles at this Italian restaurant. I sat down with him. 2001. 2001. Yeah. So it was probably around 2003 that, that Bart and I had dinner. And then, you know, 22 years later, I had him on the podcast.


I, I need to look. He's still going after it. Oh, oh, yeah. Yeah. He still emails me and I'm like, Bart, I'll have you on. I'm just, I'm still building the studio. Well, he's So all in on this. And the more you talk to him, the more you go, God damnit he might be right. He might be. I debunk a lot of his claims. Which ones? Not all of them. You know, like the parallel shadows and, and how there shouldn't, how a shadow on the moon should be completely black. But that's not really true. And shadows, you Know, well, things are reflective and the surface are reflective of, that's part of the issue. But the parallel shadows are fucking weird. Like, you could find a reason why these intersecting shadows could exist, but it also could be more than one source of light.


Sure. It's, there's more, there's a lot of weirdness to it. And Shadows are not parallel. They don't work that way. Shadows disappear to the, to the, to the horizon. Right. You know, there are no parallel shadows. Right. But going in completely different directions is very Odd. It it's odd. It's Very odd that that's not nearly as odd as, I mean, there's so many different things. You know, there's, there's so many things like how goofy it looks when that craft lifts off from the moon and takes off at his pace. It's wobbling around like it's on a fucking string. It looks like it's on a string And you know, it looks so fake. The camera tracks it nicely. Yeah. Pans. But it's from where? From from Houston.


From Houston with the what, seven second delay or whatever. Yeah. How about the fact that Nixon is on the phone with them In real time? In real time. Like, you don't got a delay. That would be with 1969 technology communicating. Like one of the reasons why Gus Grisham, you know, the, this, the, the big theory is that Gus Grisham was murdered because he wasn't willing to go along with it. Gus Grisham hung a lemon on the lunar module because he wasn't, wasn't able to communicate with the tower from earth. It, the communication system wasn't working. And he's like, this is a fucking lemon. And he puts a lemon on a coat hanger and hangs it on the thing. And then, you know, Well, let's go back and look at the original films and we maybe we'll learn something.


Oh, they, they don't have 'em anymore. Gone. They're gone. They don't know. What about the telemetry data that's really important. Gone? Oh, the episode I did on the, on the moon, which is a fun one. I even have a NASA scientist saying, we don't know how to redo the technology. We just lost it. Yeah. Didn't write anything down or nothing. And then there's the reality of the Van Allen radiation belts. That's true. That it could be explained scientifically. Can it? The the radiation is high particles, high voltage, all that. But they're spread wide apart. You just gotta go really fast through 'em. Right. But it took hours to get through it. It did. It did. But they still were moving fast. Look, or Would kill everybody Or we kill everybody.


That this is one of these Fear. And that's why nobody but the Apollo astronauts ever got through that. What I would say is like, they never even flew a chicken through that shit and had it come back alive. No. And they're just gonna try it out with people. Leika, the dog did not survive when they threw Leika up there. Well, how about Operation Starfish Prime, where they, they shot a nuke into there to try to blow a hole through it. And it wound up making it more radioactive. Of course, They thought they were gonna blow a hole right in the Van Island radiation belt so they could just pop through that hole. Right. And, and now thanks to that we've got the South Atlantic anomaly where there's just no protection anymore. We appreciate all that. They Blew out the power in Hawaii, right? Yeah. They fucked up the grid. They were detonating nukes in space.


Really crazy People in the 1950s and sixties were buck Wild. They were, They were just, they had so much power. There was no internet. There was no oversight. And they were doing things so like, we're completely new like nuclear bombs. And they're like, let's see if it does this. Even Oppenheimer, they didn't know what was gonna happen. They had a more than 0% possibility that it was gonna cause a chain reaction that would destroy the entire environment of the earth. Yes. And they were like, let's see, well We gotta try it. There's only one way to know. Right. Was detonated And it, and something like Bikini ato, which I think was Castle Bravo was Like three times more powerful than they thought.


You know, it's like we're going for 10 kilotons, but we got 30. Dude, you gotta carry the one. Be careful. Be careful. Just be careful. Carry the one, I don't even know why we messed with it. Yeah, it's, well, it's too late. Too late. The genie's out of the bottle. So if you had a bet, if you had a hundred thousand dollars and you can give a bet, we went to the moon. We didn't go to the moon. Now mon the, the money's not enough, but gun to the head, Gun to the Head, gun to the head. We went to the moon without people. I would, I, that's what I would go with. But let me preface by saying I my head, I'm like a bobblehead. I go back and forth and I can begin be convinced one way or the other.


It's a, it's a very complicated issue. Like I can be convinced both ways. There's also the weird footage. It looks like they're on wires where they're pulled up when they fall down. You can see The reflections. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I get into weird. It's, it's a good episode. I get into all of that and I cover, cover Bart Buzz Alder knows how to throw a shot. Kinda you get his hip into it. Old Shoulders. But it's also, the thing is that like every other technology from 1969 is cheaper, easier and faster to reproduce today except the moon landing. Right. That no one has ever done it again. No one has ever even been to deep, not human beings have ever even been a deep space.


I you. And there's no, and I don't know why, you know, if we could 3D print anything, why don't we send the 3D printer up into orbit and then every time Elon launches a star link, just bring some substrate, bring some wire and just deliver it there every time. 'cause you're gonna do 10,000 of them. Just bring some wire, bring some wire, bring some aluminum, and we can just build this stuff in orbit. We don't have to worry about escaping gravity, just build stuff up. 3D print stuff in orbit. Mm. It sounds a little more complicated than you're making it out to be. But I see what you're saying. You know, the film footage, the lost footage that Rel had is also very compelling. Where it looks like they're filming the moon from, you know, 30,000 miles out.


But then when they pull the covers off the windows, it shows you they're actually in near earth orbit. It fills up the whole window. And they even say in that film, we've got the camera right up against the window. Right. We can, no one can get in between it, But then someone walks in The camera and the thing, someone walk and then you see what looks like a, like a piece of plastic, a whoosh. Yeah. And then everything opens up. That's a hard one to explain. It is. And not for public display. Not for, right. Yeah, that's absolutely right. It's, and also the, the, why would you ever delete all of the original film? What, why would you destroy the original film? Why would they lose the telemetry data?


And we don't even have a direct feed because they broadcast the feed on a wall and then pointed a TV camera at the wall. Yeah. And that's what we see. That's Why. Yeah. That's why it looks so shitty on television in 1969. Yeah. Because the networks were like, Hey, can we get the live feed? NASA is like, ah, you don't need that. It's so Weird. It's weird. It's A weird one. It's also just weird that we keep saying we're gonna go back and we still never even get out of earth gravity. Or never even get outta earth's atmosphere Or Earth orbit. Rather, As soon as the Chinese start mining like helium two or whatever, we will get, we'll get there. And people always say, oh, well there's photographs of the, the, the lunar lander on the moon. You can see it like, Mm.


How'd they get that buggy up there? How'd they piece that buggy together? Yeah. In that little tiny ass fucking lunar module. Because You can't see the tracks up there if you know, if, if you believe the stuff. Right. What does that mean? How easy is it to, there's, there's video of me selling Kentucky Fried Chicken. Oh, I gotta look that up. There's like, You know what I'm saying? There's like, I gotta write that down. It might not even be Kentucky Fried Chicken, but it's like, there's AI video of me hawking, all kinds of stuff that I've never even seen. I know you Show up on my feed, I'm like, oh, he's selling chicken. It's all Fake. But it's, But that is easy to fake 'cause it's blurry, blurry nonsense photos. In my episode, on the face on Mars, I show exactly how NASA copy and pasted cloud formations.


I, you literally see it's the same cloud formations. And then you see the Mars photos. They copy and pasted chunks on Mars. They did that. Like I didn't make that up. I just What do you mean by that? They copy and pasted chunks on Mars. You've Got this Martian rock face where Sia Sidonia is, where the face was and the alleged city and all kinds stuff. We that square and the square is crazy. The square. But that's a recent one that we've been seeing. Yep. That one's nuts. Nia was one of the original landing places and they changed it at the last minute. Why IW land there and go to the face. Let's see, because if, if you don't know the story about the face on Mars, the first images, that does look like a face.


And then suddenly the images got blurrier and then it was just kind of a plateau. It was, you know, paraia, it wasn't really a face. Right. Well then land there, drive, drive, you know, s Jonah over there, whatever. Let's have A look. What's, what's crazy is that the face is right down the street from the square. Yes. The square to me is way more compelling than the face because if the second images were more clear, And it really is just, how do you say that word again? Parado para dolia. If that's really what it is, that kind of makes sense because the first one's like real blurry and shitty And it was from the seventies. True. Right. But this square is nuts. Right? It looks, it looks geometrical. Yeah. You know, right. Angles And an actual square.


Or at least similar to a square. It looks like a structure made out of right angles. And it's on the fucking moon. I showed it to Elon Musk, he was like, oh, very interesting. We should probably go up there and look around. We Should. Yeah. I mean, they're finally admitting that Mars used to have an, an atmosphere and an oceans, giant oceans. They're finally Video and they found frozen water on Mars. Yeah. Yeah. Which is like, okay. Yep. Well, if we go back millions and millions of years, like what, what did it look like? What was going on there? Remember they sent Joe McMonagle to remote view back on Mars. Oh, what Did he say? He Said he saw giant tall beings there in a very advanced society. And John McMonagle was part of the Project Stargate remote viewer.


So that he goes into his thing and he's, he's drawing the aliens and the, the cities and all that. But he didn't know where he was looking. They, you know, they wouldn't tell you at first. Ah. And then he is done. He comes out of his transfer, whatever, opens the envelope And it says Mars with coordinates 1 million BC or something. He said he saw stuff. Whoa. And Stargate again, Ingo Swan saw all kinds of stuff on the far side of the moon, which I don't see, I don't hear covered a lot with Ingo. But he remote viewed the moon because he always wanted to do more stuff. He's like, I don't wanna look at a bridge. I wanna go to the moon. And he said he saw structures on the far side of the moon. That sound a lot like Carl Wolf disclosed in 2001.


Carl Wolf. What Did, what did he disclose? Karl Wolf Air Force Airman. He's basically a technician fixes, think of a Xerox repairman. He, he has to fix some imaging equipment for NASA slash dd. It's images from the, from the moon surveyor. So he goes in, it's a dark room and guy's working there. And guy's like Carl, look at this. It's pictures of the dark side of the moon. He sees domes, towers, roads, all kinds of stuff. And he can't believe it. And Carl goes home and he told his wife, I can't wait to see this on the news. This is crazy. What we found on the, like, this is a civilization is on the moon And it just, it just goes away. And Karl Wolf said he saw that if you Remote viewing No photographs, He saw photographs, He saw photographs of it.


He saw photographs. Who took the photographs? It was the moon surveyor satellite that takes pictures all the time. It's, it's like we, we have images, we have stuff around the moon. I don't know why there's no webcam. You know, I don't know why we can't just tap into the, throw a satellite up there, something. They're, they're there. Just send a signal back. I, I read that they just got like 5G working in space. Send us, send us a signal, put a webcam on the ISS, let us tune in. So Car Wolf saw that stuff. Ingo Swan saw the same things, but he saw actual beings there and he said they were able to sense his consciousness and he like snapped out of it.


He said, aliens are on the far side of the moon and they are not our friends. So, very interesting story. Ingo Swan. Very interesting cat. So what took these photographs? The moon surveyor, lunar surveyor. What satellite. And None of that stuff's ever been released. Oh, they released a lot of images from the far side, but they released what they release. That's why we know there's fewer impacts on the far side. 'cause we've seen those images. But there's no images of these domes or Whatever. No, no. I've seen some that maybe are faked that look pretty compelling. I forget what episode I, I just showed them in. But when I found them, I, I was, it was mind blowing. And I can't find them again for some reason.


Like, I, I wanted them for another episode and I, I can't find the photos, which make is always suspicious to me. It's like the, it's like suddenly the thing is blurry off, off of Malibu. You just can't find the stuff. But so I, you know, my gut tells me something's going on up there. Someone's aware of it. And I just, I'm dying to know what it is. It would be unbelievable if Mars was the first planet that had life before Earth was capable of supporting life. It reached a very high level of sophistication, then started seeding earth. Right. Panspermia theory. Yeah. I believe we have at least one rock from Mars that just landed here.


I think we have one of those. So for maybe a giant impact or something through some of Mars over here. Dumb, dumb, dumb. But the idea I think is that there atmosphere was deteriorating or that they were getting further and further from the sun. The, The, their magnetic field was weakening strips away the atmosphere. And so this would be the thing, if you were a super advanced civilization, the race would be get so advanced that you could leave your planet. Yes. And that's the only way you're gonna survive. Because eventually your planet is going to move over millions of years further and further away from the sun, not able to inhabit life anymore. Right. So maybe send your DNA or whatever to or the Third Rock Or on Anki Or Anunnaki.


That's the good one. Yeah. They show up everywhere. That's the ultimate One. That is the big one. The Anunnaki iss the big one. Yeah. That's that's a good one. That's, that's one that makes you go, oh, Because it shows up everywhere. It shows up in the Bible. It shows up in the ma orta, it shows up in ancient Chinese literature. Shows up everywhere. Not always called the Anunnaki, but the Anunnaki. And then they have their ser their servile species. That could be the Nephilim, could be the giants. And then they take, take these primitive humans, give them just enough intelligence to mine, you know, to mine the gold as part of the lore. Yeah, It's a good one. Ooh. It's the best one.


It's the best one. Because when you do look at ancient Sumer and you, you look at their detailed map of the solar system, you're like, what the fuck is that? Like how did they figure that out? Right. Like you're talking about 6,000 years ago they had depictions of the planets all in the proper area. Like they weren't the exact right size, but like the bigger ones were in the place where the bigger ones would be the smaller ones in the place where the smaller ones would be. It was representative. And the sun looks like a sun. Like it's got the rays around it. Right. Showing that this is the center of the solar system. Right. And this is two, well, how many thousands years before Copernicus, right? Yeah. Yeah. Didn't even know something I don't think it doesn't get enough attention is when these ancient cultures are obsessed with equinoxes.


A lot of people think equinoxes when day and night are the same. But that's, that's not what that is. That's when day and night are the same. It's called Equinox. And it's different for everybody on earth depending on where you are. And Equinox is when the sun is over the center of the earth's equator. Well how did you know there was an equator? So Stonehenge is aligned to the equinoxes. How did you know there was an equator and how, you know, how was the, the pyramid, the sizes are directly divisible to a number like 43, 200 that could be factored in to calculate the circumference of the earth. So you can calculate the equinox. How did they do that?


Right. And how is it pointed to true north, south, east and west? How Did they Do that? Why does it mirror the stars of the Orion belt But mirrors them 30,000 years ago? 'cause of procession. Right. So I'm in the camp that the Egyptians found the pyramids not built them, but I'm glad Zahi iss not here. Well that would, you know, get you to the ancient civilization theory. But when you're looking at an ancient civilization that is as complex as Egypt and then you factor in the Aki story and all these other things, you gotta think like, why were the Egyptians so advanced? Like where did they learn this from? Christopher Dunn has the answer, You know, with the the power plant.


Power Plant. Yeah. Is that what you think? You know, it's one of my favorite episodes because I, you know, you can either watch my stupid thing with the fish or the better thing is to just buy Chris's books and, and read the science. Oh Don't be a sheep. Don't be don't be a sheep. The next one's gonna have taxes. Our Theft for people who, dunno if you haven't watched the show Heckle Fish talk shit from the aquarium during the entire show. It's really a funny little, it makes the show fun. 'cause it's like shows you're not totally taking it seriously. Right. You have a talking fish who talks shit to you the entire time. What I'm trying to do is take weird topics, complex topics, break them down, make them accessible to everybody, have a good time.


Get you thinking on your own. If I get things wrong, that's okay, as long as you go out and just get interested in stuff. That's what I'm trying to do. Have fun and get you interested. Have you been looking at all under the structures underneath the pyramid? Yes. I I, I'm skeptical of that research. 'cause if you look at the imaging, I don't see the coils or any of that stuff. I don't see it. They also said they found the Tomb of Nefertiti. No, this tomb of osirus, it just looked like splotches on, on, on radar. And they also, they haven't released any of that information to the scientific community. Nothing's peer reviewed. But when it first hit the news, I was like, that supports the power plant theory, the coils and all that.


But I have a feeling that their research will be debunked. Hope I'm wrong. Really. Well they, they re-released more of it and the, because they released more of it. And the conversation that Graham Hancock and Brian Murrow rescue had with them, well they were initially skeptical as well. They've come around more to thinking that these guys might be onto something. 'cause they've done this multiple times now with multiple scans. They keep getting the same results. And it does kind of look like coils. When you look at the images, first of all the pillars, the fact these pillars are uniform and they see, and then the fact that the structure goes down two kilometers into the earth. Yep. Like maybe people 4,500 years ago were so motivated.


Z said that it's like this is the project of the entire country, the pride of the country. Okay. Maybe, maybe but two kilometers down. But we're starting to get real crazy. I mean if you look at the, so like the temp fu pyramids, like perfect. And then you've, you look at the pyramids that were built later that we know were gypsum built and it's like the tea move version. It's like you didn't, you're not even, it's like a mess. It's just a pile of rocks. Yeah. Where, where the great pyramid is precise and there's no reasons for these different chambers and the chemical residue. Why and why are there copper rods going down into the aquifer? Which is exactly the technology Tesla was using at Warden Cliff Tower.


The same exact technology. Why, you know, there's hydrochloric acid, we have evidence of that and we've got the zinc sulfide And it creates hydrogen atoms that go up the gallery. And then there's an opening that's exactly the right wavelength for hydrogen to flow through. And it resonates at four 40 hertz And it makes an f sharpp chord. And you've got the, it's tuned inside the king's chamber to exactly that chord. Or you know, maybe it's just a place for a dead guy. You know, the why use rose quartz, which is so highly, you know, rose granite is so dense with quartz. It's very rare, but it creates a lot of pe electricity when you fly pressure to it. And hydrogen could do that if you, if you pumped it through the, the king's chamber.


It's so fascinating to me that the gatekeepers are so, they're, they're so reluctant to even consider any possibility that it might have been something other than what they've initially asserted. It's Frustrating, but it, it, it ruins their career and their reputation. It's like everything you said was wrong Over time. I, I have a buddy who just went to Egypt and he hired these two archeologists to take 'em on a tour. And both of them were saying there is no way the original, the the actual mainstream stories accurate. They're like, there's no way. Like this stuff is beyond. And then as he was like going through it with him, he said, he was just fucking blown away. He said, I haven't been, but he said, you can look at it all day on television and on your laptop when you go there, you're just like, what the fuck?


I'd love to see it. Yeah. We should go together. Let's do it. Let's Go, let's go. Zahi wants me to go with him, but I just don't think I could. I think after an hour I'd, I'd be like, dude, I gotta get away from You. Yeah. You're freaking me out. He'll ruin everything. I discovered this, this is my discovery. Yeah. He just, he Didn't even mention the limestone from tour. Didn't even touch on it. What's the significance of that? It's a great insulator of electricity. It's also mine from very far away. We know it was definitely their ISTs talked about the limestone pyramids that could be seen from the mountains of Arabia. So ISTs, they were still there. We know that the limestone facing was there because a lot of it was looted after a couple of earthquakes.


They built bridges out of it. You can go touch it, it's there, but it didn't talk about it. But if the pyramid power plant theory is true, then you use the limestone as an insulator inside you've got the granite, which creates this piece of electricity and then you've got this other limestone in between that kind of keeps everything modulated. So if it was a power plant, like what was it powering and how was it doing that? That's the big problem I have is, you know, so if Tesla wanted to project this energy into the ionosphere and then we can, everyone could tap into it with some type of receiver like a radio. But there's no evidence I can find of them powering anything. So we can make the, the argument that maybe if the capstone were gold, this energy could resonate through the center of the pyramid, come up through the golden capstone and then go straight into the ionosphere.


And we know that the pyramid will resonate at certain frequencies and amplify it. That's been tested at about 200 meters is the ideal wavelength. But the only other theory is the obelisks at some point where these receivers, but there's no evidence that they powered anything. But maybe they used the energy for something different. I don't know. And if we're looking at the wrong timeline, if we're not really looking at 2,500 bc if we're looking at 30,000 BC or something even before that, which is also a weird thing that Zahid dismissed, he dismissed this idea of the king's list that goes back 30,000 years. Right. Yeah. And he says that Just mi just mi Yeah.


We know exactly. Also, he said he didn't believe in carbon dating, which is like, Yeah, Well that's convenient. That's Convenient. Yeah. Did not believe in carbon dating. And and what about rocket dating? That, you know, that is, that is a thing with certain types of rock limestone not so much, but something like igneous rock. You can, You can, you can get a pretty good idea. Yeah. The whole thing is very weird. It's so weird because it's so vast and so spectacular that no matter what you think, no matter what theories you have, you still have to look and go, how the fuck? Like, it's so big, it's so nutty that you can't even imagine people making it. Right. Not people as like, we consider people today, like if a, a civilization today, if we, let's say for some reason no one had ever visited a part of the earth and then they went to a part of the earth and they saw people with these structures today, we'd be like, what happened?


How did you do this? We would think they were wizards Wizards right above and be 2 million, 300,000 stones, hundreds of miles through the mountains. You carried the big ones for the inside the kings chamber. You, you, you put them up 130 feet up in the air With a ramp. Yeah. What? I don't think, I don't think so. But it's all just, if they did, how where'd that technology go? Where'd that construction knowledge go? Like, where did their engineering go? Like, how were people that advanced that long ago? You know, I, I like the acoustic levitation theory is an interesting one where they use sound vibration to lift heavy objects. You know, we see that occurring throughout history as, as part of lore.


But even in the 1930s, a British, maybe he was an archeologist naturalist, went to see Buddhist monks and using instruments. He watched them levitate heavy objects. And there's film of it. This is, this is all the legend. And when he, when he went back to the uk, they seized the film, but they were using instruments and chanting to levitate these rocks up a cliff face to build whatever they were building. Well, how about that wacky dude in Florida that made the coral castle? Oh yeah. That's Edward Lee Scanlan. I found. It's hard to find, but I found him using levers and pulley and stuff to do it. It's still amazing what he did. Yeah. By himself. By himself.


Like he's like five foot one a hundred. Yeah. 90 pounds. And I think that door is tons and You can push it with your finger. That door in the coral castle iss amazing And supposedly did it for his girlfriend. I didn't, I didn't read that For his beloved. Yeah, he did it to impress a lady. You went too far, man. You don't have to do that. Just, you just buy a nice car. Don't, don't do the, the, she Doesn't care. Anybody could buy a nice car. I'm gonna rock this chick's world, Literally gonna rock. Or she's Gonna see my curl castle. But this motherfucker's the one She bailed. She, you, you bail. If a dude builds you a castle, you're like, Look at the time. Gotta go.


Yeah. When you do these shows And you know, you've amassed like this channel now with all these like, fascinating things, which ones to you are the most exciting to create? The most exciting? Like, one of the ones you get really jazzed about the, The ones that, that that kind of shatter my belief system. Like the hollow moon or the, the crop circles. The, The, the, the idea of the moon being hollow is because they shot something into the moon And it rang like a bell. Right, right, right. Well, a few things, you know, one was they deliberately crashed their, their rocket into the moon to, and there was seismology, you know, seismographs were placed in the moon to, to check what would happen.


And it did reverberate. But mainstream science says it reverberates because it's extremely dry. And that's why sound, sound waves travel like that. That's what they say. But other scientists have said there, it seems to be, if it's not hollow, there are hollow cavities within the moon. And why do they think that? Just, just the way that the sound travels and just how there are parts of the moon where the surface dirt is, lemme get this right, where the surface dirt is older than the dirt underneath the soil on top is older. And the only way you can do that is through excavation. Hmm. Moonquakes. Yeah.


You know, and the, and the moon had volcanoes on it at some point. Passive seismic experiment size monitors were placed during the Apollo 12 mission, remained active until 1977, recording both natural and human made moon quake alike, human made moon quake. Also, why are they doing that? Right? Why are you trying to make moonquakes? In fact, moon quakes happen fairly regularly as space debris like asteroids hit the moon more frequently than Earth. The moon's atmosphere is much less dense. Right. Above it, it described that the Apollo 12 mission was the first human made moon quake. They, they detonated or they crashed the, the module back on the surface. One ton of TNT. Good idea. Oh wow.


First human made moon quake to take place. The PSE size monitors, oh. Size of meters size, size ERs record the resulting vibrations, which were much bigger and lasted much longer than the scientists had anticipated. They were far different from the earthquake vibrations we're familiar with. And That next paragraph said, it's 'cause the moon is 60% as dense, which doesn't mean it's hollow, but it's just different. Right, right. So interesting. If the collision theory's true, which is the mainstream theory, then the moon was made mostly out of earth's mantle, which will be less dense is what? Mm. It just kind of clipped us. Yeah. But The moon is weird. Yeah. So the hollow moon one freaks you out.


Crop circles, Crop circles tho you know, those are the fun ones. I do. The copi, the copi, the government conspiracy ones are interesting to me, but a lot of times they make me angry. So it's, it's not really fun, but I think it's important. But The c stuff, MK Ultra MK Ultra and Agent Orange, that stuff really makes me angry. Yeah. You know, the, the DARPA episode, I i, I end up kind of losing my temper and crying a little at the end. And I, which I didn't mean to do it, And it was just in the course of the research, just that's what happens. Things start to unfold. I just wanted to see DARPA's history and as I'm learning about it, it's like, oh, these guys did some bad, bad stuff. And then when you get to Vietnam And, you know, you got, they got the chemical company, Dow Chemical and DuPont and all this creating ancient blue, Asian purple, ancient orange.


Yeah. And, and more, I mean, more American soldiers got sick then actually got killed in the conflict. You know, my, I dedicated the episode to my father-in-law who had all kinds of injuries from Agent Orange. The government denied any responsibility for years. They finally agreed to a settlement in 1981, and he applied for his benefits and the government made due. They, they kept their word, he got his settlement. 40 years later, Jesus. And even that's never gonna be enough to deal with All those health problems. Right. So your country needs you and you answer the call, and then when you need your country, take a number. Yeah. And your country needs you based on a false flag. Gulf of Tonkin. Yeah. Yeah. Which is also very dark.


LBJ idea. They, they fake attacks to get us to go to war. And then there's Operation Northwoods, which is the really wonky one. That was the one to get us into Cuba. Yeah. And, and that was probably the beginning of the end for Kennedy, because I, because I believe Kennedy put a, put a stop on Northwood And Bay of Pigs wouldn't allow air support. Right. He got screwed on that. Yeah. And the Bay of Pigs, that was the end. That was where Kennedy says, we need to start again. We gotta dismantle this and start again. I can't rely on my intelligence community. And geez, and Eisenhower, he talked to Eisenhower a lot and Eisenhower gave him advice and said, watch out for the ccia. Yeah. Keep an eye on them.


Because remember when Eisenhower left, he gave that famous farewell address where he said, beware of the military industrial complex. Yes. You make war profitable, you're gonna have more war. Because America was never like that before. You know, we kept, we had a defensive military, not an aggressive military forever. Prophet is where the devil does his best work. That's right. Yeah, that's right. That's from the Bible, isn't it? It might be, But that it's really what it is. If evil is real justification for evil, like if you have a compartmentalized situation like they do with corporations, where you have this diffusion of responsibility because you have a bunch of people that are all working together, Hey, it's not my, I'm just working. This is part of my job. And then you have a responsibility to shareholders to make maximum profits every quarter.


And then you justify all kinds of things and you get rewarded. Great job. You did a great job, aj. We like how you made those profits. You got a nice fat bonus. And then, you know, you drink yourself to sleep every night. My my stepsister just retired from, from Grumman. She worked in top secret programs. She won't tell the family what she did. Dun, dun Dun. She wants to live Good. Keep your mouth shut lady. Keep it shut. Lisa, be quiet. I'd keep my mouth shut too. She Never said a word. Why would you? No, it's not worth it. No, it's not worth it. Pension's too good. Also, like, you don't want to die. You know, it's just like they get rid of people. If, if you're in the business of killing people, which is what military contractors are, they are in the business of killing you.


If you get in the business of killing people, they're like, oh, we just have to kill one more person, then we can kill a whole bunch of other people and make a lot of money. Yeah. Rid Course. Oh look, he's got, he had a heart attack. Whoops. He's, He fell out of a hotel window. The Frank Olson murder is, is, is taught by Israeli intelligence as the perfect murder. Which one is that? Which is that Frank Olson was part of MPP Ultra and was starting to have second doubts about it. So they sent him to a psychiatrist who he didn't know was actually worked for Sidney Gottlieb and was, you know, into programming. And he was freaking out and he's up in a hotel room with, with someone else from mk and he falls out the window. But if you look at the window where he fell, it's like, you know, two feet by two feet.


You can't just jump out the window. So he was found on the sidewalk by the doorman. That's Frank Olson. Worth looking up. Oh. I Just jumped for talking to his family afterwards. They gave him 750 Grand. That's right. And it took And it took a lot of not file a claim. Settle Right. It and Right. And it was, be quiet. We'll give you the money, but be quiet about it. Yeah. So, I mean it's all, it's all real and it's a, Yeah. The, just the stuff that's undeniable is enough to make you just go, whoa, what is, what is happening? What is, what is really going on behind the scenes?


You know, I don't, the NBA ultra, the testimonies from the women is really heartbreaking to watch them, you know, the sexual abuse that they endured for years at that, you know, the, whatever that was, that lodge in the, on the water near DC and just, just tortured and crazy stuff. Operation Midnight Caller. Do you know that one? Which one's that, that's, it happened in San Francisco where they had agents hiring prostitutes and they Oh, midnight climax. Midnight climax behind. Yeah. Behind the two way glass. Yeah. Nuts, Nuts. Bunch Of weirdos Ta tax dollars at work. Yeah. And it's because they had no, no one was no oversight. You're no of ultimate power.


It's all totally deniable. And it was, I think it was, I think it was Nixon who banned it in 72. It might have even been 69 before he came in. They kept doing it anyway. Same with Bio weapons. They were ordered by executive order to get rid of their bio weapons. And it was found out years later. They were just stockpiling them. They still had them. Yeah. And you know, they still do. Yeah. Yeah. Do you hesitate, do you hesitate sometimes when you're doing these government coverup ones? Yes. Yes. Yeah. I, you know, I don't wanna say I, I'm a Because they're dangerous. They are. Bigfoot's not dangerous. No. Bigfoot's not gonna hurt me.


Bigfoot's a fun one. It is fun. He's, I'm UFOs are fun ones Different dimensions, you know, we fun stuff. Yeah. It's, it's hard for me because I consider myself a patriot. A very, very like, pro-military, pro law enforcement, but also anti-war And, you know, pro criminal justice reform. Like I am a very con me too politically confused. Yeah, me too. You know, I just like fairness and transparency, that sort of thing. Yeah. You like to think that our government's good. I I do like to think that. And this journey has shown me that it's mostly not, you know, it's really mostly not, but it's, it's a government made of men. And men are flawed and selfish and men will hurt each other. And there's also justifications that be made can made be made rather for doing terrible things.


'cause there's terrible people out there. And you have to stay ahead Always. Yeah. Don't become a monster when you're fighting monsters. That's exactly right. And these, this collateral damage is, is just part of the it's just part of it. Yeah. You know, so we give them a settlement. Stay quiet, but this is for national security. Yeah. Great. Or good. What other ones have freaked you out? And it's, it's hard to, it's hard to say off the top of my head. Mk Cher's a tough one. I, you know, I have, I have covered Northwood and, and, and some of those. Operation Gladio was a crazy one. That was, that was where CIA was killing civilians in after World War ii, Alan Dulles, I'm gonna do an episode on Alan Dulles, the Dulles Brothers, their connection to the Nazis and all of that.


It's gonna, that's gonna be a dangerous one. What were they doing? They were killing people for what reason? So We had to fight Communism, communism, communism. Mm. So they trained a secret army, a civilian army in Italy to bomb civilians and then blame it on the communists. The communists at that time were the most popular party in Italy, you know, post-war. Because they had just went through fascism. Right. With Mus Mussolini. So you just, it always swings too far the other way. Right. So we swing way the other way. Communism very popular. Can't have that. So civilians were killed in bombings by the CIA trained Gorilla Army. And they were trained by a, a Nazi general who was tight with Alan Dulles.


And it was, and this was planned during the, during the war, you know, while, while American gis were being killed, fighting the Nazis, they were already planning this next phase. But, but civilians died in massacres and they blamed it on communists. And it was denied. And it denied. And eventually it came out. It was called Operation Gladio. Gladio is a, gladio is the sword of the, of the Roman soldier. How did they kill the people? Bomb car. Bomb Carbo was a big one. I think it was a Milan, but there was a few. And they were just blaming the communists. Right. Just to stop communism because it was a, It was a huge, Italy was a lot of turmoil. I think it was called like the, the years of lead or like the decades of lead, something like that.


'cause people were just getting killed all the time. I don't know how many constitutions Italy's had since World War ii, but it's, it's probably over two dozen at this point. You know, it's a chaotic place. Wow. That's my people. It's my people too. We're goofy. Nip What about the ARD structure? You know, people ask me about that. The eye of the Sahara. I usually, I usually say, You know what, go to Corsetti, go to Brighton Sight. Go to Randall Carlson. Corsetti iss the mode Bright Randall Carlson doesn't believe that that was Atlantis. Right. But Corcetti makes a very compelling case. Mountains to the north river to the, to the south. The Circular. Yeah. At the concentric rings.


The concentric rings. They're the correct size. Yep. The fact that there's still salt on the ground there. I wanna believe it. Yeah. You know, I, And then there's like, when you pull back and you get the satellite image of the surface And it looks like it was just completely deluged. It Does. Yeah. Well, we know for a fact it was deluged. Yeah. We just, A kid doesn't line up with Atlantis. I mean, I mean, Carlson has shown us the, how the surface of the, of Africa was just altered. Yeah. By, by, you know, by the flood. So it all lines up. But there's all these leaps that we have to make. I enjoy making them. Yeah. But you know, I, on my show, I try to let people know, look, I connected some dots here.


You know, I, I had to fill in some gaps with a little bit of creative license. But if you're interested, go pursue it. Go learn more. I want that to be Atlantis. Yeah. It seems like Atlantis was a real place because, you know, once they found out that Troy was a real place, Troy was also dismissed. Right? Yes, it was. They found out. No, Troy actually existed. And it doesn't seem like any of those stories were bullshit. It seems like they were historical accounts. And the thing about Plato's writings about Atlantis, he talks about it having existed 900 years prior, which lines up perfectly with the younger DiUS. Right. And he learned it from an Egyptian priest who learned it from someone else.


So the story goes back beyond Plato. If, if you believe Plato, which You can, you can believe Plato. Well, he was right about a lot of things. And it's just, it's so fascinating we think of like that kind of historical record keeping that you're getting these depictions of what kind of a civilization existed thousands and thousands of years ago. Right. So what, you know, with Homer Re id, what did they think he was writing about a fictional place? I mean, that was this, that was this. I said, I think I said 900 years. I meant 9,000 Years. 9,000. Right. Right. 9,000 years. Yeah. Which is like, first of all, like how do you get 9,000 years of history 2000 years ago? Like what are you even getting?


Yeah. Like what, how are these stories, how are they documented? Like how do they pass them? How do they pass 'em all? Like who were the original people? Like what, what's the actual version story? Like which one is more accurate? E epic of Gilgamesh Noah's Ark, which would like, something seems to exist in almost every ancient civilization. They All have a flood myth. Yeah. And you know, Gilgamesh and, and Noah's Ark. It sounds very, they're very similar stories. And there there are other cultures that have a Noah's arc story. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's my favorite. Currently I've seen like a, a ton of videos and I think Jimmy Corsetti does the best job about the rechart structure, but he's all in on it.


Yes. And I think, look, it doesn't look natural. No, it doesn't. It doesn't. It looks like. Exactly. And it, it's like, what a coincidence that it matches the dimensions of Atlantis as described And it's in the right place. Yeah. So, you know, when people argue for Bimini Bimini being Atlantis, it's like, nah, they didn't know what any of that was, but they knew what North Africa was. Right. And also, it's so close to Egypt. It's so close to what we already know was a super advanced civilization that existed. There's been no excavations of that. I don't believe so. Of the chard structure. Yeah. I'm reading all about it. Oh, what, what have they done? Like deep 1974 was discovered.


They found artifacts looking Right Now's what I was about to show you. This isn't a great example, but there's other, this isn't it another I that looks similar to it in the same area. Interesting. Kind of. And then the comments say that there's even two or three of these. Whoa. And I was reading Steven Novella's breakdown of Jimmy's video. He says he is leaving out some known facts, like there was a canal that connected each of the circles that isn't apparent in the reshot structure. But those are the things I was just getting at right now. Mm. But this looks like canals. Well that's a D one. This isn't the reshot structure. Right. Show the restart structure.


And the reshot structure's strange. 'cause the coloration is different than the rest of the, That was the, the depictions of the colors of the rocks is the same red and black. Yeah. Like that is fucking crazy. That's crazy. It Is. And there weren't the one guy who found artifacts said there was, there was some stuff like out here on the outer circles, but not very many inside. Well, the question is like, how big was the catastrophe and how much would be left? And what would you actually see? You know, like how much was the structure altered by whatever the fuck happened? Right. So when we talk about ancient advanced civilizations, we're not talking about more advanced than us. We just mean advanced.


Right. So people will say, well where's their plastic? Where's their Yeah. But it has, it doesn't have to be the same. Doesn't kind of advance, doesn't, it doesn't. Combustion engines, all the different things that we've done. Electronics, like we're just assuming that technology always goes in the exact same path, but it's whatever the fuck they were doing, we know whatever we know they were doing in Egypt was extraordinary with in terms of like their ability to core the drills when they have these cores that they like high speed drills. Yep. That seem to be like, if not diamond tipped, something of a similar vein that allowed them to dig into that fucking granite. Like that like Right. How did they gen 2000 RPMs or whatever. Right. How could they do that?


Yeah. It's all freaky man. Like the hist. I mean, Graham has the best de depiction. He said, we are a species with amnesia. That's the perfect way to say it. Yeah. You know, it's a shame that he's marginalized, but I like that Netflix is stuck by him and Yeah. Gonna keep uping those out. Well, the Facts are the facts, you know, just the, the structures that he's uncovering. When you, you are looking at gun pang when you're looking at all these different places. When you look at, you know, just Machu Picchu, all these different places, like what the fuck was going on? Like why is this stuff so complex? Why is it so fascinating? And why Aren't we allowed to ask, why aren't we allowed to investigate it? Yeah. Remember what at one, when his ancient Apocalypses one came out, there was a British newspaper, said, Graham Hancock is the most dangerous man in The world because Of The whites.


Those guys are just dumb asses. Come on. Well, they always wanna connect it to white supremacy, which is so crazy. 'cause Graham Hancock is the furthest from a white supremacist. You know, he's married to a woman of color. He is like, he's like the sweetest, nicest guy. He's a vegan. Of course. He's like, he's he never said they, they were white folks. No. He said, no one says that. And who cares? I just wanna know who they were. Well, they couldn't be white folks 'cause white folks don't live there. No. Like if they're Egyptians, they're Africans. Right. Like the Africans were the most sophisticated civilization that we have ever seen that existed at that point in time. We don't know if they're as sophisticated as we are, but within we know they did some stuff back then that we're not capable of today.


Yes. And and that's real. It is. And we don't know how, we don't know what technology they had. But here's the thing. If it's not from 2,500 bc, if it's really from 30,000 pc, what do you think would be left? Like only maybe the stone. That would be it. That's prob that's part of the problem. I mean like Steel, any kind of be be gone, Gone, gone. It would only take a hundred years for Manhattan to be covered by vegetation. Right. A thousand years the, the skyscrapers would crumble. Right. 10,000 years it'd all be washed away. Right. A hundred thousand years you're not gonna see Jack Shit. Nothing. Nothing. Yeah. Who was that British archeologist that we brought up the other day? Jamie with the, where he has this like really good point that human beings have been in essentially the same form for the last 300,000 years.


Like, it's not outside the realm of possibility that we have achieved very high levels of sophistication multiple times and have been knocked back down to the stone age again. Sure. By cataclysmic events. Right. And that makes a lot of sense to me. Yeah. That it's just part of a cycle. Yeah. You know, the doomsday clock is, it's kind of a real thing is that you just get to a level of technology where you just are too dangerous for your own good. We're not sophisticated enough for nuclear weapons. We're not smart enough to have those. No, Well that's the hope is that that's what the aliens are here for. To go, Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Right. Because because they have Yeah. But that down, why did they allow just the United States to detonate 60 something bombs and Well, here's the thing.


Two of 'em that caused mass death. Right. Hiroshima and Nagasaki. But that's also when the UFO starts showing up in mass. You know, And you know, I have this comedy club called the Comedy Mothership and the rooms are named Fat Man and Little Boy. Okay. And the reason why is because in UFO folklore, after those bombs were dropped, that's when the mothership started showing up. Right? Yeah. And in some tests you can see stuff in the sky in the films. I think You can see something at Castle Bravo could be wrong, but there are some tests where You can see stuff in the sky. Like what, what was that? For a few frames like they were keeping an eye on. I hope they are. Yeah, that would be nice.


Please. That would be nice. Well, listen, aj, I love your fucking show. You have provided me with hours and hours of entertainment. It's an awesome program. You do a really good job. It's really well done. I don't know who's doing it with you and how you promote, how you produce it, but you, you guys fucking kill it. Thanks man. Great team. It's a great show. The WI Files, it's available on YouTube. 4.73 million subscribers. So I'm not alone. And you guys have only been around for how many years now? Two. 20. 20. That's amazing. Five years. And you already have almost 5 million subscribers. It's CIA is just Backing me up. It's a great fucking show. That's what it is. So I, I'm glad we finally did this. Appreciate you. So thank you very much man.


And if you ever got anything crazy, you wanna break it here, we're ready for you. If you got an episode coming out, you want everybody to know about, come on back. I think we probably do this a hundred times. Thank.