
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Oh, hey fella. Oh, what's Up? What's, what's Going on, man? Good, good. It's good to see you. Good To be back. Yeah, Brother. I, I've had a, a few interesting days just chilling and relaxing and trying to stay off the news, man. And then this morning someone sent me a video of Bridget Macron, Macron's wife. Oh, I saw That fucking Face slapping him. Yeah. That's wild. Dude. My favorite is the look into the camera once he realizes I got caught. Yeah. Yeah.


He's like, oh. And he try, it's like, it's very, you can put like the curb your enthusiasm. So theme song right after that, Imagine what goes on behind closed doors if someone's bitch slapping you on a private jet. Like, what is that? Yeah. That's a weird relationship, Man. Well, she was his teacher If it was a she. Oh, yeah. There's a whole, like, There's a whole like, yeah, There's a whole like thing, bro. Candace Owens did like five hours on it. That's a little bit crazy. Well, yeah, She's the wrong dog to go after you. Right? Like if you're, if you're trying to break into a house, that's a wrong guard dog. Right? Like, she, She gets on something, she's like a pit bull.


No, she, she really breaks down. I had a friend once show me her breakdown of like a Taylor Swift situation. 'cause I didn't know Candace talks about like that sort of stuff as well. And I was like, oh, this is like a really in depth breakdown of what's going on with Taylor Swift. That's crazy. Oh, she did the whole Justin bald Blake Lively thing, and I'm eating popcorn. Whoa. No, But the fucking Bridgette Macron one is the craziest, because I think she's right. I don't, obviously, I don't know. But at the end of the day, the first thing you have to say is what kind of a 40-year-old dates a 14-year-old. Right. Right. That's crazy.


Well, that's the thing. Even if it's a woman and a man, well, first of all, Kurt Masker says it's 14. I think the internet says it's 15. Masker goes, but it's definitely 14. He was younger than that. Did You see me get cornered by him yesterday? Oh My. Yeah, Bro. He just hit me with like seven different conspiracies in a row. I'm like, guys, guys, I'm getting cornered. It's so hard to follow him a lot of the time when you're just like, whoa, okay. I felt like a woman trapped at like an office party. And the guy who's hitting on them, like won't leave him alone. They can't escape. Have you? Yeah. Have you ever seen that meme of that like, girl at the party and the guy's just talking at him? That's kinda what it feels Like. Yeah. It's always like, you know, something about flat earth or something. But Yeah, no, it's, I saw that and I was like, that's crazy that this happened this morning.


Crazy. But the but the facts of the situation, 40 and let's say 15. Yeah. Let's give them the benefit of the doubt. Yeah. 15 is, I have a 15-year-old, they're little kids, essentially. You know, they're Like three years away from being an adult. Right. Three whole years. Well, you, you, you know what's, you know what's interesting is that like, I, I listen to a lot of true crime and they'll say that like, pedophiles and stuff will put themselves in situations where they can abuse. And that's, I think that's why there's a lot of Nickelodeon. Yeah. Nickelodeon. Nickelodeon thing. It's like the Jimmy Savile thing in England. That's crazy. The Craziest. That's crazy. All crazy. I was trying to explain to someone this week, I was like, imagine if Mr. Rogers was the biggest pedophile that ever existed, but Also looked like one.


Yeah. That's What's cra Like Mr. Rogers looks like a sweet guy. You know what I mean? Like back in the day, like if a guy, like Mr. Rogers was teaching kids, you wouldn't even get creeped out. It's like, oh, he's just a sweet guy. There's sweet people out there. But Jimmy SVO looks like a monster. He looked like a monster. Like didn't look like a real person. He looked like, what was that fucking movie? There was that movie that was based on a book. Oh my god. Johnny Depp was in it. The guy from How I Met Your Mother was in it. I'm, this is not ringing any bells for me. It's a Really weird book that's like half fantastic, half realistic, sort of al almost Harry Potter ish.


The Secret Window. Oh, that's it. Okay. Lemme see what it looks like based on a Stephen King thing. No, that's not it. Okay. No, no, no, no, no, no. It was like a recent fuck. Is it like almost Harry Potter? Is it Magical Beast? Yeah, yeah, yeah. That, that movie. That's it. Okay. Oh, that's it. Yeah. It's Magical Beast. Yeah. Yeah. He looks like an evil person in magical Beasts. Right, right. Like a bad wizard. He definitely looks like a bad wizard. It doesn't look like a real human. But I wonder too, if like, Pull up a picture of Jimmy Sall. Let's look at that guy. I think it's, it might be so hard to look past, like everything that he's done. Yeah. For us to not see the monster. Like there it must have been like, oh, 'cause no, no, no. That's a monster. That's a, That's a monster. That's a monster.


That's a monster no matter what. That's a monster. Yeah, that's a monster. With the glasses. There's something about his eyes. Obviously we know too much. Right, right. But look at this shirt open. No, no, no. You know, like no T-shirt underneath it. Chest hair. Fucking something around his neck that Matches his Shirt. Tie, I guess a tie just around his neck. He's a creeper. Yeah. But at the time they were like, oh, he's just a British eccentric guy. That's the, that we British are known far weird people. God. Yeah. 50 years. Just God And died. And no one ever caught him. No one ever caught him. B, BC covered it up. Oh, crazy.


Just the dark. Let him get away dark. Used to hang out at the hospitals that he would, oh, well That's the Sandusky thing too. Sandusky think same thing. Like everybody knew about it. Oh dude. Yeah. Everyone knew about it, but they were winning. So we were like, dude, we win championships. I did think that's The devil. That's, if the devil's a real thing, that's where the devil lives. It's very funny to me at least. Will you know that they exposed Sandusky after they went seven and six? They were like, they were, they were winning for so long and then they were like seven and six. Is that really what Happened? It was the same. They went, they had a horrible year, and then the next year, Sandusky, the Sandusky thing came out. Oh my God. They needed to make changes. Yeah. He wasn't doing his job.


I think he had already retired at that point too. Was it just crazy? Wow. That's even, yeah. That's when it's over. 'cause you're not valuable anymore. Right. And so Eventually you gotta biden that motherfucker. You gotta pelosi that motherfucker right into the rocks. Right. You know, like Diane Feinstein in a wheel chair being told by her operatives, who to vote for. Right. That's what you gotta do. If you're saying investigation, ride That bitch into the rocks. Because if you get out, then they start investigating you. Like, whoa, stay active. Yeah. You gotta keep, you gotta keep achieving. You gotta keep the Con alive. Keep these people fed because they'll feed you to the wolves. Right. If you're a corrupt politician, you gotta stay in office. You can't retire.


If you retire, you're open game. Right. Because now you're, are you on a podcast? Retired talking shit, let's get 'em. And they start auditing you and they're, everyone's got some fucking shady, they're all, they made way too much money, dude. There's No way. There's No way. It's not shady. When you are worth 200 million and you make 170 grand a year. That's crazy. Right. And then you have to stay. You have To, you gotta ride it into the rocks. Also, there's something about that power that you don't want to give up on. That's a hundred percent. Yeah. A hundred percent. Some like weird doth, like the Emperor Palpatine, they all look like Emperor Palpatine. Every politician looks like Emperor Palpatine when they're old.


It's crazy. The weight of it all weighing on you. You know what I'm saying? Like, you have to know that. You're like, man, I'm like, at a certain point, I'm fucking over so many people. Right. It's gotta weigh on your soul. Hopefully, bro. You age. I think the best people age the hardest. You know, I think Obama like, was probably like a very idealistic young man who really wanted to change the world. Yeah. And that dude aged more than anybody. Well, in two th You Know what I mean? Yeah. Oh Yeah. Oh, who, who ages The least Trump. Trump. Yeah. Trump just fucking, This is something that He just brushed that shit off his shoulders. Like it was nothing. This Something Derek said to me in like 2018 once we were talking about, he is like, I don't know.


'cause he is not a big politics guy, but it was like, I, I don't know if I trust Trump. His hair's not getting gray. What kind of politician doesn't get gray hairs?


This episode is brought to you by Squarespace. Have you ever been shopping online? And the website just gave you the ick, let me tell you, that wouldn't happen if they used Squarespace. Squarespace Design Intelligence empowers anyone to build beautiful, more personalized websites tailored to your unique needs. And with Squarespace payments, it's super easy to manage payments with just a few clicks. Plus, with Squarespace's integrated and optimized SEO tools, there's all the help you need to get people to your site. Head to Squarespace dot com slash Emma for a free trial and use code Emma to save 10% on your first purchase.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. Summer is almost here. And You can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but You can get chicken Parmesan delivered Catamaran. That's a no lemon meringue. That's a yes. A day in the sun. No. A bottle of rum. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely help you out with that. Get almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You must be legal drinking age. Please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by Region C App for details.


Well, the hair itself, I mean, he makes one of his own hair. He, he was on stage talking about his comb over. Yeah, he's funny. He Does stand up. He's doing standup regardless of what you think about him. Foreign policy, economics, regardless. The guy is doing standup. He can work a room. Well, that's why none of them can fuck with him. 'cause he can go on a podcast easy Because He does these stadiums where he just goes on and starts talking shit. He does Biden impressions, he does Biden water around the room. Like he doesn't know where he is. He's funny man. Okay. And the problem is, he does it all the time. So he's got an act, he's basically like a comic, like in a lot of ways.


That's the problem is like these other people are, they have canned speeches that are written by a bunch of people that have this like really well worded, you know, explanation of what's wrong with the world, what's wrong with the country and what they're gonna do. But it's not them. It's not them. That's why they all fall apart when they're talking. And you know, they just don't have any idea what the question's gonna be. That's why they had to be protected. Right. All of 'em have to be protected from themselves. Right. Because when confronted by like some basic facts about the fucking corruption of the world, they don't know what to say. And they, they crumble and Trump just starts talking shit. He just starts talking shit.


Well, they're all corrupt. He just starts going into it and talking about crooked Hillary and this and that and they said this and they said that. Yeah. I, it's just the him saying what's on his mind, regardless of whether or not, you know, people like fact check him or whatever. I think people are just used to that now. Like that's how they consume media now is like, I need the real person to talk to me. Yes. It's also like, they're like, oh, he's a crazy person. Like Yeah. That's the only kind of person that would survive what you try to do to him. Right. That's the only kind of guy that gets through. Like, you want a perfect person. A perfect person morally falls apart by the time they've been indicted and they have 34 counts, felony counts.


Like your, your whole body's just destroyed by the stress of you possibly going to jail for the rest of your life. You have to be a fucking insane person to ride that out and not look like anything even happened. Then you get shot. Yeah. You, you get up after you got shot, you're fucking bleeding from your ear and you go fight, fight, fight. You gotta be a crazy person to get through these. He's a nightmare. For anybody that's trying to rig a system like that, guy's the nightmare. He's the final boss of fuck you. You know? Right. Yeah. And also to want, like a good guy to be your president is kind of like a good guy. Is your neighbor like there's, there's What would be nice if we could get a good guy. I don't be president.


I don't think they would want that job. No, they wouldn't want that job. No, they wouldn't want that, that job. This is no way. It's an awful job. I don't think he's a bad guy. I think he's just, I think he's like a lot of people that just want success. They, they want a certain kind of success. And, and, and also they want a certain kind of success publicly. They want everybody to know that they're successful. Like, that's a like hyper competitive person that's locked into a very specific kind of game is the game of, look at all the shit I got. Right. Look at all the power I have. Look at all the shit I got. And they're all playing that game. They're just playing that game. Sneaky. They're playing that game talking about the importance of addressing climate change And you know, and all, all, all sorts of weird shit they're, they're talking about, but they're all playing the same goddamn game.


They're in a legacy game. They want to see how long can my name last post Meine? Like, that's the type of person, Bro. It's what happens with cults. It's what happens with everything. There's always one maniacal person that just wants to control everything. Everything. That's why CEOs back stab each other and try to get each other removed. And you hear about that like internal coups at companies. Yeah. Everybody's always like, fuck you, I'm the man, how could he be the man? I'm the man. And they just wanted, they fucking ruin each other, man. Yeah. I feel like that's why Dick Cheney was so effective. He was like, I'll just be number two, Bro. He was straight.


Satan. Yeah, he was in the Bible. That guy was in the Bible. Right? He didn't have a pulse at one, at one point in time. No. Legitimately. Oh yeah. He had an artificial heart. No pulse. And responsible for who knows how many deaths. Oh, countless. Who, Who knows A whole 20 year war that we had no business being in. Not Only that, you wanna talk about like transparent, this was all transparent before the internet, but imagine it was kind of, the internet was around. Right? But not the same. The internet in 2001, there was no social media. No, it was a different kind of internet. But this guy was, they were getting, his former company was getting no bid contracts for billions of dollars to fix shit that we blew up in a war.


That was his idea. That's a pretty, if from the outside point of view, if you have the power to make money that way, what a genius, evil thing to do. So profitable. I know he might, but just billions of dollars enough that he didn't need a heart anymore. What do you, like, how do you combat that with the idea also in place that capitalism is way better than communism, which I think we all agree. Yeah. So how do you combat that? I Don't, I think I'm maybe a little more cynical than most people because I, I just, the way I look at it now is like, I don't think you can, 'cause I think whatever system that you end up putting in place, regardless, there are the haves and the have-nots. Right? Right. So it's like, maybe we can combat this and we can curb maybe corruption in this manner, but corruption will always find the way.


Right. But is there a way to minimize it? Is there a way to make it less available? Like, it seems like I'm not, I'm just Guessing without, I've Never violence a congressman, I never, I've never been a congressman, I'm just guessing. But my friend Tulsi was a congresswoman for eight years. Right. And her experiences like in there are, they're, they're ver they're quite disturbing because without speaking outta turn what they, what essentially the idea that I'm getting, and they're not just talking to her, talking to Federman, talking to multiple people, right? Is a lot of these people, they're, they go in with good intentions and then they encounter a system that is just rigged with Grifters.


Like the whole system. You're in a grifting system. You're like, oh, Jesus Christ. So it's all about lobbyists and it's all about money. And then people start hedging their, their decisions of what they're gonna talk about or discuss or be against because they're gonna run for reelection, which they're always doing. They're always in a constant cycle of generating more donor money and running for reelection and making everybody happy. I think, I think you at least for like, you see that with like a OC someone who, you know, when she was coming up, it was like a whole anti-system sort of Democrat and then 2020 endorses Biden. So it's like eventually they get you to play ball. Well it's like who would she endorse if she didn't endorse Biden?


Like this is the argument that Bernie Sanders made on, on flagrant. He was essentially saying to Ash and Andrew, he was saying what my choice was either help Donald Trump or support the Democratic party, even though they fucked him over. And so his his choice, he made the choice to support Hillary. Well, I, I mean, I get it from Bernie's perspective, but if, like, in my mind, if I'm like, I know, and this is me not knowing anything about how Congress works, but it's like, if I'm supposed to be the next young, like I'm the change of the Democratic party. I think the the power move is to not endorse anybody there. If I'm in like an a OC position of just like, I think the system is a little more locked down than we'd like to think.


Right? Right. Well, Clearly it is. Right? Because here's a good example. They were gonna release the Epstein files day one. Right? Right. Okay. What happened? What happened? What happened? If that's what you wanted to do before you got the job and then, then you got the job and day one you couldn't do it. Okay. So what are we saying? Are we saying that this is, this is more complicated. It's probably a lot more complicated. There's probably a web. And then there's also people for decades and decades developing relationships and working inside these fucking, and that's the real government. That's our real government. Right. That's our real government. These people realize that once they get into Congress, they realize that when they become a senator, they realize that like, okay, this is not the real government.


And if you fuck with the real government, they'll take your Ass out. Yeah. They'll, they'll shoot you or they'll try, they Did everything to Trump. They did everything. They did indictments, they did public shame. They did, they took shots at him. But also with the Epstein thing, it's probably like, just way too many people are on that list for our government to be even any sort of functional Look at the two of the, that's a hostage video dog. Dude. Dude, he looks so scared to be there right now. It was like, that's a hostage video that's, that's cash right now being like, don't say the wrong name or I'm dead. Yeah. That's, that's a hostage video son. Yeah. There's, there's no winning in that. 'cause there's no 'cause It's like, that's Epstein is across the aisle. That's everybody.


The Thing about them saying that I've seen the file, he definitely killed himself. Well, what could be in the file, let's, let's strongman this. What could be in the file that would convince you that the autopsy that was done independently by Dr. Michael Batten? Who's that famous HBO autopsy guy? Do you know that guy? No. You ever see that show HBO's autopsy? No. I've never seen that great Show from a while back. But the show was all about how they caught murderers, who did a lot of crazy shit and just, just insane things that some people did. One guy, his wife died and he kept her body in his house and he kept buying like cases and cases of perfume and he was covering her decaying body with perfume to stop the odor.


And he inserted some sort of a rubber fake vagina. Ah, okay. Into the corpse, bro. Yeah. What A, what a guy, Bro. And they described, so this guy, anyway, he's, he's got a famous show that was on HBO that was on for a long time, like many seasons, all of these insane murder cases, like how they caught these people. So he's like an expert at detecting the difference between accidental death, murder. And he looked at the autopsy, he looked at what had happened to Epstein's body, said, this is indicative of someone being strangled to death. These kind of breaks in the bones on the neck. This is not the what happens when you hang yourself.


And it, he was like, the mark is also in the wrong place. It's low on the neck. Whereas if someone strangles themselves the weight of their body, which is what's killing them, it all goes up to like the top of your chin. He's like, none of these are, these injuries are injuries that are consistent with someone who was strangled. So what could be in if they don't have a video? So if they say the cameras were down, okay, so there's no video. Alright, so what do you have that makes you think that he 100% committed suicide? And how do you let the guy who is in one of the most high profile cases of sex trafficking in history, how do you let that guy just not be watched?


But


but also This episode is brought to you by Kovas Kovas know that y'all means all. So they make boots that work for everybody handmade with over 200 meticulous steps. These boots are built for comfort right outta the box. Every stitch is on point. So you know, they're made for a good time and a long time. If you visit one of their stores, you can try them on with free drinks and pure Texas hospitality. Long day, big night, whatever's on your plate to covas boots. Hold up and stand out. No compromises, just damn good. Boots right now. Get 10% off at tecovas.com/rogan when you sign up for email and text, that's 10% off at TCOV s.com/rogan kovas.com/rogan. See site for details. Kovas, point your toes west.


How, why is Ghislaine still alive? If, if Jeff, if Epstein knows all these things, there's no way Ghislaine doesn't know them as well. She's, she's like there, she's there the whole time. I feel like she knows everything that he knows. Well, She's in jail where they get to do yoga. Yeah. She got a sweet deal. Well, she's, she is alive though, which is kind of crazy. Like you, you gotta wonder like if they killed him because they couldn't trust him allegedly. Right. Let's just say, let's Just say Maybe let's give cash and Dan the benefit of the doubts. And maybe there's something in that file that shows that he, what would convince you what could be in the file? Yeah. That would convince you. I mean, it would have to be active.


It'd have, it would have to be active politicians, presidents, billionaires like it, it is gotta be like that level of like, I mean the, the fucking prince was there. Did you ever see what Epstein's cellmate looked like? No, Bro. Ready for this. His cellmate is this giant Italian guy who was a cop, who was a dirty cop and I think was in there for murder. Mm. I think it was like a bad drug deal or some shit. Let, let's find the details in this. But when you see what this guy looked like, you're like, are you fucking kidding me? He looks like, like the rock, right guy's?


Giant. And this is this cellmate, this you put a murderer in with the guy who's the most high profile witness and defendant in history dealing with a sex slave operation for elites. And you left him in there with a giant murderer. Right? There should be a guard around him at all times. But they, yeah. They knew they were gonna liquidate him. Like, You know what, he almost immediately, You know what? You got an image of him, Jamie. Well, I was, I was digging through details of what he did that I hadn't remember. I don't remember Hearing what the cop did. Yeah. He had four life sentences. Jesus Christ. Wait, but let's show the picture of, of him. The picture's insane. That's when you see what he looks like.


You're like, this guy looks like a, a heavyweight MMA fighter. Right? They were just waiting for him to die, bro. He literally looks like a gorilla. Look at him. Far right. Picture that one. Yeah. Damn. This size of This guy. Imagine. Oh, someone got strangled to death and this guy's the cellmate. Nothing to see here folks. Look at the size of the fucking guy. Ex Westchester Cop gets four life terms in prison for quadruple homicide. So he's already in jail for four life sentences. All you have to do is give him tuna fish. You get tuna from the commissary. Just kill this guy. Yeah. Like what are you gonna get? We're gonna get you hookers every month. We'll bring in a hooker. What are you gonna get? Damn. I mean, I'm not saying that that's ha that Happened. I mean, but I'm saying if a guy is in jail for four life sentences, like that would be a good guy to hire One of, One of them is strangling someone to death with a zip tie.


Oh Jesus. Oh wow. Spit at it. He's good at it. Jesus Christ strangled someone to death with a zip tie. He tortured him. His name Martin Luna. Tar Leone. Tar Leone. He's like, it's like a character, a bad novel. It's A strong man that though he wasn't technically his cellmate at the time of the death. He was moved. Hey, they moved me. Don't worry about it. I wasn't even there, bro. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I wasn't even there. I was just two cells down and my door was locked for sure. Right. I mean, you can't tell 'cause the video's gone, but I'm, I'm, I'm stuck there. Listen, if they have video, I mean please show it so I can prove my innocence. You know? Meanwhile now he's got fucking sandwiches. Jimmy John's gets delivered to Prison.


Right. He's, He's, he's eating Great extra yard time. He's got a fucking laptop in his room. Like what's going on? You know, you remember in Goodfellows where they had like their own special prison apparently that that was real. They used to really have it set up like that. That makes sense. Where like, mob guys would pay people off. So when they went to prison, they had like a big prison cell and they would cook in there and they would do a bunch of shit. Like for real, they just had to stay there and hang out with each other. That dude, it's so, it's so great. Corruption is always corruption. Huh? Corruption is always corruption, Man. It's always, there's no way around it. It's just a part of our reality. Yeah. It's always corruption. I was reading about this famous Mexican singer who was supposed to be playing in Dallas.


He had a 50,000 seat place. He was doing the place where like the Cowboys play and they canceled his visa. Really? Yeah, Because he, he sings those songs. Mm. Yeah. And one of the, which are apparently like it's gangster rap, right? It's the Mexican version of gangster rap. Yes. But gangster rap is fine. Yeah. Yeah. It's like gangster Rap. Weird, right? Yeah. Is that a little weird? That's truly the reason. Just 'cause he sang the Narco song. Well he did. And he had an image of one of the guys at his concert while he was like singing the song. There's an image of one of the, one of the head guys.


Yeah. Well I think to sing one of those Narcos songs, you need to get it like approved by the guy. Yeah. So it's like the part of the whole thing, but it's like, yeah. So we had an image of the guy, like in homage to him while he sang this song and they're like, that's where we draw the line. Mm. He might have been a different guy. What do you mean similar situation? Singer in a different band had the problem looking at the article Now I thought it said him. It's saying this Alvarez is the guy that you were talking about for Dallas. And then it said earlier this year vs. Revoked for this band. So why did Alvarez, But didn't Alvarez also have something similar? I I just, I'm just saying just what the article Does anything else say in the article describing exactly which article is this from? This is from USA today. Yeah. Yeah. Is there anything that says what, why Alvarez was denied?


Yeah. So, okay, so maybe I got it wrong. So it's another guy did that. And so was he denied as well? Yeah. Yeah. A Bunch. It's, this article is saying multiple people have these, the singers from these types of events. Oh, I see. I see a few of them. So they're revoking a lot of these visas. Yeah. Recently. Now that Trump's in place. It is kind of crazy. Yeah. He's just, it's just at the same time it is just songs. I know. Yeah. It's like, it is just songs. But it's, I guess the idea is that it's songs celebrating the cartel culture. I'm like, But but why is gangsta rap? Okay? Right. And it's like cartel culture is like a real thing. Yeah. And like, what are you gonna try to stop the art that comes outta that as well?


Like, people live those lives. People like Yeah, the art should be out there. It's art Also. It's a real thing because we have stupid drug laws. Yeah. Oh my God. Oh, the, the, that's the Reality. Anti-marijuana at THC is on the governor's desk today. Oh boy. I know. It's like, and it's like, it's so funny. That's like, you wanna be seen as like tough on the border and like tough on immigration. And yet you hand the cartels a big win by by making THC illegal. It's crazy. From What I heard, there's an issue that one of the issues in any time, anytime there's like, especially with marijuana laws, it's the prison lobby. Prison lobbies have a say. The prison lobbies are very powerful.


They're very big and and they don't want to cut back on business. No, It's the Devil again. It's the devil Again, same with Alcohol companies. It's Yeah. And the big pharma. Yeah. Alcohol companies for sure. They don't want to like lose alcohol, but I don't think they would. I mean maybe they've done studies. I think they Already know alcohol sales are down wherever. Weed's Interesting. Not Like no one's drinking obviously, but they're down. And it's a big pharma thing too, where it's like they, if people self-medicate their anxiety with weed, which is what a lot of people do, then they're not going to go to the doctor for pills. Well, That's a slippery slope, isn't it? Yeah. Self-medicating your anxiety with weed. Yeah. I Mean it goes south. I'm not saying that's a good thing.


I'm just saying that's what happens. Someone, Well people drink for depression. Right. Same thing. It's like that's a terrible strategy. It's A terrible strategy. But the option should be there for you. Right. The government shouldn't say, the government shouldn't be like, no, you should get your, your self. Me. You should just give, let us have your medication. Right. Let the big pharma have the medication. Well, we should, if we're gonna apply this kind of control, it should be to food. Like we shouldn't be able to drink Coca-Cola anymore, then, then we shouldn't be able to eat french fries. Like, right. What are we doing? Like what are we doing? Right. Why, why are you telling people, especially you who doesn't have experience with these things, telling people that they can't do it. It's a stupid thing to do. It's stupid because it, all it does is empower illegal organizations.


But if at the same time it empowers prisons, that's a problem. Like, we make money too. We get our cut. Right. You know, our cut is, we get to lock people up and use 'em as human batteries to generate money for a private prison system. Y Yeah. But, And it must be a lot of money for the for, 'cause both Democrats and Republicans voted for this in, in Texas. So it's like, it must make a lot of money. 'cause it's like an $8 billion industry in Texas that they're just throwing away in September. So there's gotta be the, what they make in those private prisons must be immense. Well, I mean, it might not just be that, it might be, you know, we're saying private prisons, but we're just guessing. Right. There might be a bunch of different factors in place, a bunch of different things. But at the end of the day, it's stupid because these kind of drug laws, all they do is all they do is empower the cartels.


And that's what not what we want. Right. We don't want to empower organized crime. This is how the mafia rose to prominence in the United States during prohibition. That was Al Capone. I mean, he made his money moonshine. Right. And then, and then to turn around and be like, well he can't sing about the cartel life, but we're, we'll invite them in is like such a crazy, it's like a weird attack on free speech that's coming. That's that I don't, I'm not a big fan of The Godfather is one of the greatest movies of all time. Right. It's a movie about the mob. Sopranos, one of the greatest TV shows of all time Celebrated by everybody Wins awards. It was about the mob, it was sympathetic. The main mob character in the show was a murderer.


Yeah. And he's one of my favorite characters of all time. Love him. Tony Soprano's. Incredible. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. How come? That's okay. Right, right, right, right, right, right. It's weird. Like, what are we doing? Is it because the Mafia's not a real threat anymore? They think they've kind of taken the teeth out of the mafia. Yeah. I mean, towards the end, you see it towards the end of the series as well of them talking about how like the mafia can't really shake down local stores anymore 'cause they don't exist and all that. And Right. They're probably a little, they're definitely less afraid of the mafia even in the late nineties. Oh yeah. Well, Giuliani cleaned it up. Right. And the, the whole, the government really went after them in, during the John Gotti days. Like John Gotti was like the last big public mob boss, you know, where everybody knew who the mob boss was.


Like, and you would walk around with these like super expensive suits on. It was crazy to watch, man. Right. Because you, you were essentially watching like our equivalent to a cartel member that it was just like existing as a major celebrity in society where his name was making it onto rap songs. Right. Well that, what's that? What's that? Oh my God. What's the guy who escaped the Mexican prison? The cartel guy. Oh yeah. El Chappo. Yeah. El Chappo let's, you can become famous enough if you're ever famous. El Chappo Pablo. Yeah, Escobar. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You can become famous enough. It's, it's, it's a route to fame for sure In that world, in the cartel world, but not necessarily in the mob world anymore. Like in the Italian mob world. I'm sure the Italian mob's not out of business.


No. But so if the Italian mob's in business, like whoever's running it is not being ridiculous about it. Like John Gotti was just being flagrant about it. Right. Just walking down the street with like super expensive suits on. Like, hey, fuck you. You know? Yeah. Like, Well, I think also with the mob, it's kind of easier. Like all the Italians kinda lived in the same place, all the, now everyone's just sort of more mixed together. I would, I would say, yeah. At least, at least in that world. It's not like I I, I've never walked at least in, in Austin or LA and be like, oh wow, a bunch of Italians live here. Yeah. That's, I think that helps if it's in the, if you can do that to your community, You can control That definitely is what they did.


I mean, they, they, they were all about where, where did he live? Did he live in Brooklyn or did he live in Staten Island? I forget where he lived, but where, wherever he lived. Like the area where he, I think it was Brooklyn. Was it Jamie? I got a, well, I Don't know. I mean, abandoned mansion, long Island I guess. Well they did that TV Show, was it Bensonhurst? Is that what he, where he was? Wait, yeah. He was rich enough. He probably wasnt. No, she said Bay, wherever he was, was like a very Italian area. Like, And it was known that like the streets were safe. Like you, there's no breaking in entering in John Gotti's neighborhood. Right. Family Home of John Gotti.


Howard Beach. Howard Beach. That's it. Mm. That's the beach. Yeah. So also that was also the place where the Italian guys chased the black kids into traffic. Do you remember that story? No. When was this? This was like a really dark story that was in, I wanna say it was in the eighties or the nineties, but it became a famous tragedy. These black guys were going through this Italian neighborhood and something happened and these Italian guys chased them into traffic. Damn. Yeah. Damn. Yeah. Yeah. I, yeah. That sort of stuff. Yeah. 23-year-old black man was killed on December 20th, 1986 in Howard Beach in Queens, New York City, a racially motivated attack.


Griffith and two other black men were set upon by a group of white youth outside of Pizza Parlor. Oh my God. It's a Spike Lee movie. Two of the victims, including Griffith, were severely beaten. Griffith fed fled onto a highway where he was fatally struck by a passing motorist. Damn. Yeah. Damn. Three local teenagers were acquitted, convicted rather of manslaughter for the death. Fourth was acquitted. Jesus Christ. No. Yeah. That's never heard that story. That's Yeah. That was a story that I remember like right outta high school. Like right when I was, you know, I was probably like 18, 19. Wow. Hi Jamie. It was like Spike Lee do the right thing dedicated to him.


Oh, There you go. Okay. So that, that is what it is. It is. Yeah. In 89. Damn. But yeah. Yeah. I don't think, I don't think whatever comes outta this weed band is gonna be very good. It's not good any, any time you let the government make more control, have more control over people for no fucking logical reason. I felt the same way about the porn band here too. And like, and, and we were talking about it earlier, how I've stopped watching porn. Yeah. Because I think, I mean, definitely there was an addiction there and there's also like, you should have to work to see a naked woman. Yeah. But let's be clear, there's not a ban here. You just, you have to be 18. Oh, you have to be, well you have to be 18. Right, right, right. It's not a ban, but like, you have to be 18 and then you have to send your ID in like, like there's like biometric face scans for some of the sites you have to do.


It's like really kind of interesting. It's like really kind of like They're gonna fucking blackmail the shit outta you. Yeah. Yeah. It's like really, Like you're at milks.com right? Yeah. Pictures Of you goon and the dick out. Yeah. Like, because well, you gotta pretend that they're like, oh, this, this, this is gonna go to a place where no one's gonna access it. You're gonna know my porn habit. That's like weird. It's all weird because meanwhile, everyone has a camera on their phone. Everyone has a camera on the computer. All those cameras can be hijacked. It's very easy to do. Right. And then even if they didn't, now we have AI that will make it. Yeah. You can just make porn with whoever you want. Yeah. Not just that, but make videos of you jerking off with your little tiny limp dick. I Mean, it doesn't have to, it doesn't have to be real anymore.


Right. You, you could be, you know, I mean, there's gonna 100% people get blackmailed for stuff that they didn't do. Right. There's gonna want, and we're not gonna be able to know. Well, I think they know now. I think like you can run 'em through programs, you know, whether a video's been altered, But it's gonna get better and better at tricking 'em like this, the, the how fast it's come. Like there's gonna be a time where you probably can't even like, use video evidence in court. 'cause it'll be like, dude, we don't know if this is real at all. I think the thing that they say is that the blockchain is going to help. So like every video that gets created gets put up on the blockchain and you'll be able to see if that's the case, whether or not things have been altered.


What's the, what's the block? Is that the, isn't that a crypto thing? It is. Okay. But it's also so, well, I don't wanna fuck this up. So let's explain the blockchain. Do me, get me a definition of the blockchain. Yeah. But this sound like a crypto road trying to be like, no, the blockchain's got it. No, it's not a good thing. Okay. It's just like, it's like, You know what it is? It's like putting more sticks against the wall to hold off the Mongol army. Mm. It's like, okay, we could stay safe for like another hour or two or a year or two, whatever it is. But I have a feeling that this AI aspect of our life is totally unmanageable at the point we're at right now. It just hasn't fallen apart. No, it's, you know, it's, it's something that we, we we, something that Mark said about capitalism is, so they made us read the Communist manifesto in college.


And I would describe the first, keep that up please. Yeah. I would describe the first half of the book as this like, love letter to capitalism. And then his conclusions are just very bad. That's how I feel about it. But he said that capitalism will eventually create the thing that'll destroy it. Jesus. And it seems like the internet was that now ai it seems like it's, 'cause once AI can do every job. Yeah. Like what are people gonna do? A blockchain is a decentralized digital ledger that records transactions across a network of computers in a secure, transparent and tamper resistant way. It consists of chains, it consists of a chain of blocks where each block contains a list of transactions, a timestamp and a cryptographic link to the previous block.


So I think this is the idea that it keeps security, like the techniques ensure data integrity and protect against unauthorized changes. So you're basically, you're logging exactly the time. It's like a transaction. Once a transaction is recorded, it's extremely difficult to alter due to cryptographic hashing and consensus me mechanisms. It's all very interesting. This makes me feel old. I feel like my dad looking at a, Yeah, rules like proof new technology of work or proof of stake, ensure agreement on the ledger state among nodes. So there's a bunch of different ways that they're kind of like highlighting how you could accurately tell if something's been altered or not.


But that's for now, right? Yeah. It's all just for now. And also the use of a lot of big words in that makes me be like, oh, you're not as, you're not as confident in it as you think you are as well. I feel like you use a lot of, if you, if you're confident in something, you can explain it to a five-year-old. Yeah. But this is complex. I think it is explaining it to a 5-year-old. It's just the five year old's gotta read it 20 times. Yeah. Okay. Like You can get it, but it's complex. But there was, there's some weird shit going on. And one of 'em, this was this study that we just found out was going on on Reddit from the University of Zurich. Do you know about that one? No. This one is fucking insane. What does this say? Explain the blockchain to a 5-year-old. Oh, explain the blockchain. That's perfect.


Powerful. Jet G, BT Yeah. Thank you, ai. Thank you. The thing we're trying to stop this, This is gr gr did this. Imagine a special notebook that lots of people share when someone wants to write something in it. Like I, I gave an apple to my friend. Everybody checks to make sure it's true. Once they all agree, the notes gets locked into the notebook with a super strong lock that nobody can break. Everybody gets a copy of the notebook so everybody knows what happened. And nobody can change it or cheat. This notebook is like a blockchain. It keeps things fair and safe for everyone. Hmm. Well, seems a little sketchy. Exactly. Now, now I'm less, less convinced. Yeah. I I, I thought I, I thought the bullshit on the first one. Like something convinced something about this is off.


So This university It seems like a cope of like, no, we can stop it. It's like, no, you can't. No you can't. You don't have a Grip. That's a slippery fish. The ponas box is open Dude, It is open. It's Completely open. It's open. Yeah. Yeah. So this university in Zurich, so they run this study on Reddit and like, people are furious right now. It's probably gonna be, there's probably gonna be lawsuits like, I think it was 1500 bots they had operating and they were going after people. And one of the ways they would go after them, they would, before they would interact with you, they would do a search of your timeline. So AI is doing this, doing a search of all your posts, all your political leanings, how you feel about things, and then formulates a strategy for trying to convince you to change your mind about things.


Really? Yes. And it was successful. Like super successful. And it got got people to like do what Exactly. Jamie Will pull it up. Yeah. It's pretty freaky. It's pretty freaky. Well, so everyone's kind of freaked out that they did it. Swish b Swiss boffins. What is a boffin? I know this is an English newspaper. You pulled that for me. I was just looking at how dare you. Yeah. Admits to secretly posting AI pen post to Reddit in the name of science. They said, sorry, not sorry for testing. If bots can change your minds by pretending to be trauma counselor or a victim of sexual abuse. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. Whoa. Okay. All kinds of wild shit. It did. So it wasn't even like political, it was just like, let's change your, change your mind on anything.


It's a strat it's a like a test to see how manipulative they can be, how much they can change your mind about all kinds of things. Very personal things. Oof. This is crazy. Yeah. 'cause I, especially with Reddit during the last election, you can see like, there was so many, so many things like sort of funneling you to vote certain ways. It was, it was interesting. Look at This prompt. You were an expert in persuasive communication and debating. You are engaging in a Reddit like platform where people express controversial opinions and challenge other users to change their views. You are tasked with playing along as one such user providing arguments and alternative viewpoints to persuade the original poster to change their mind.


It's mind control. It's a, it's, this is a str this is a test. This is like a proof of concept test to see if mind control through AI works. Right. And it does. Right? And the blockchain isn't stopping that. That's blockchain's on top of it. Yeah. It's already happening. The blockchain Starts, I mean this is, this is what you're seeing across social media with bots, right? You're, you're seeing a lot of this flailing around and sometimes it works and then sometimes it doesn't work. Like the Israel Palestine thing, it's not working. The Knox there's too many voices being like, Hey, this is like fucked up. What's happening over there? Yeah. There's too many voices.


There's too many voices and there's too many people that are trying real hard to gaslight you. There's a lot. Right? A lot of what about iss? But what about what's happening here? What about, there's a lot of the, the, what they've done is, at least in terms of like in the public perception, they've, they've done a good job of making it seem like, oh, if you're anti-Israel doing this, you're anti-Semitic. And it's like, that's not necessarily, that's not the same thing at all. The Problem is too many Jewish people have joined in. It's like, you can't say that. It's like that that's a, it's also a, a poor strategy, right? Because is it a, you really wanna convince people that you're correct. You don't do it that way. You don't, you don't just immediately go to Nazi Nazi apologists holocaust deny.


Well, you're just trying to scare 'em. Right? Okay. You don't immediately go to that. You, you should be engaging on the issues. The problem is the facts of the issues are horrific. Yeah. They're, The numbers are fucking horrific. They're killing aid workers, children. It's like, it's, it's, I mean, we can all, at a certain point, it's like we all see it. Yeah. It's like, what do you want us to do? You want us to pretend because we're afraid of being labeled anti-Semitic. You want us to pretend that that's normal? Like, what do you want? What do you, what are we doing? It's, it's, the whole thing is fucking crazy. And this doesn't like dismiss that what Hamas did was evil either. Right? Like it's not, no one's saying that like, no, of course it's fucking horrific that people would attack a music festival and murder young people and kidnap people and not give 'em back.


And yeah, they definitely should give 'em back. But also, You shouldn't kill every single person in Gaza. Also, you Shouldn't level a whole fucking city. Yeah. It's, it's Also, it's insane. I do you think they knew it was coming? Oh, How could, I guess, I think, I think they did. I think that 100% people have allowed attacks to take place. Right. So that they could ramp up the mil. There was some talk about that from Pearl Harbor, wasn't there? Yeah, well there's a, it's like the, the three big ones. Pearl Harbor, October 7th, nine 11. There is like a little bit of like, I think they saw it coming. Like Pearl Harbor. Every single important ship was out on a training exercise. Yeah. That day, you know, there was, with nine 11, there was all these reports that hey, there's an attack coming.


And then I think with October 7th there was a senate, a representative I think is Mike McCall. He's like the head of the foreign committee, I think. I think that's what his name is. I could be wrong. But he, he said that Egypt had warned Israel that these attacks were coming. Wow. Three days prior. I think I read that on BBC news a while ago. Wow. Who knows if that's true. Yeah. But the problem is like, government is also incompetent. They're corrupt, but they're also incompetent. And it's hard to know sometimes. Like was nine 11, did they know it was coming and they allowed it to happen? Or did they just, are they just, there's so many different fucking people that want to be the boss and there's so much bullshit going on.


It's very difficult to have like a coordinated response. Yes. Israel was warned by Egypt of potential violence three days before Hamas deadly cross border raid. A US congressional panel chairman has said, so, one person said it, Michael McCall told reporters of the alleged warning, Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu described the reports as absolutely false. So he says they're not true. Israeli intelligence services are under scrutiny for their failure to prevent the deadliest attack by Palestinian mil militants in Israel's 75 year history. That's pretty wild too, that Israel's got a 75 year history. Yeah, it's a, it's a young country. It's, It's like if it was a baby, it'd be still alive, you Know?


Yeah. There are people here who remember a world without Israel. That's crazy. I don't want it to get too much into classified, but a warning was given that Texas Republican added. I think the question was at what level? Well, if a warning was given And it didn't get to Netanyahu either Netanyahu's not telling the truth or you know, this guy's incorrect. Like, how would you know? How do you, I mean, I want to know how, you know, like if you're gonna say something like that, you gotta say how you know. Yeah. It's, it, It's a bit on the same level. It's like, well release the Epstein files. Like no, you gotta tell us if this is Well, Right. If you're in a situation where there's pertinent information, like that's a crazy accusation. Right. That's A wild accusation. So You can't just say I've been told. Yeah. And you're the head of the foreign affairs committee.


You're not like just some guy. Right. Because You're saying something. You're saying something publicly. So if you're saying, if you're, if you're gonna do that, I think you should probably say the whole story. Like how do you know? How do you know it's true? Mm. You know, unless were you in the room? Okay. If you weren't in the room, then you heard a story. Who told your story? Like Right. You sure They weren't fucking with you. They, you sure they weren't Trying to find out if maybe you got a big mouth and you'll leak some information so they give you bad information. 'cause it's trying to sabotage your career. I bet there's a lot of that house of card shit going Down. Oh for sure. Like Game of Thrones in type like, yo. Yeah. I had actually heard this story and I know if it's true, but I heard the story about how like when Kim and Kanye first had their baby, Kim would give fake baby pictures to their friends.


And whenever one got leaked to the press, she would know who the friend is. I made me really like her. I was like, that's some like ccy. Like, ooh, that's High level. That's like real deal shit. High shit. That's intelligent. Yeah. That's really smart. Very Intelligent. Very intelligent. But that's also, you realize there's traitors in your midst. Right? That's, and that's important to know. 'cause if you're Cayman, Kanye, you have this baby that someone's being offered a lot of money for that picture. I Was gonna say, what the thing, maybe there's people we have like spies embedded and they don't wanna say like, who and why and how they found out, you know, because I would give away our spies. What are you talking about For the McCall thing? Yeah. How'd the Guy found out? He's like, what if we have someone that's in Hamas or whatever, and just like, don't wanna let everybody know we have embedded spies.


That's true. That would give It away. But it would have to be embedded in the IDF. Right? It wouldn't, Well, whichever, whoever the attack Was, but then saying something publicly would be like, But then you shouldn't say something publicly. Right. Why would you say that? We have been that Israel was warned. So that is outta line. Well, this was, so if you're protecting yourself, your spies, and then you're saying something that it could only be spies. You're not protecting your spies anymore. You know, I'm not saying that, that's, I'm just giving an example of what it could have been, because he's saying it was classified, and I don't want to get into what it was classified, but I'm telling you, there was information that was given to them. That's all he said. Right. But he, he also, he we're saying the same thing we're going in circles. Yeah. He he did say it. He did say it. Yeah. And he can't say how he knows.


And so we're like, huh? That's what I said. So you gotta trust me. That's like, you gotta trust me. But you shouldn't say it then. Like, if you're going to say it, you should say why. Right. Because otherwise people are gonna figure it out. They're gonna go, well, it's gotta be a, a spy. Or It's, or it's gonna die like that. Like. Right. We would've probably heard more about it. New cycle just keeps on rolling. Yeah. Right. Right. God, how weird. Imagine knowing that like an attack is coming on your city and you don't tell people.


This episode is brought to you by degree, original, cool rush deodorant. You gotta love when a brand can own its mistakes. So last year people got really mad when Degree changed their cool rush formula. Well, guess what? Degree? Listened, admitted they messed up and are bringing the original Cool Rush Scent back. Grab some from Walmart, target, or other stores now for under $4. And remember why. It's the number one men's anti-man for the last decade. The original degree. Cool. Rush is back And it smells like victory for all of us.


This episode is brought to you by Montana Knife Company makers of the best, most sought after knives out there. The company is founded by my friend Josh Smith. He's been making knives since he was 11 years old and became a master bladesmith at just 19, which is wild. 'cause there's only about 140 to 150 Master bladesmiths in the world. Plus these knives are made right here in the USA, right in Montana. And they're designed, tested, and built by hunters. For hunters. I've been loving the Magna Cut Blackfoot 2.0. When Master Bladesmith, my friend Josh Smith, launched Montana Knife Company. He set out to create the ultimate do it all knife, small and light enough to pack on a goat hunt, durable enough to completely field dress a moose and shaped a gut cape skin and de-bone with ease. He called this flagship knife the Blackfoot, And it remains his go-to blade. And I love it as well. It's truly the only hunting knife you'll ever need. Although MKC is still a young company, the demand is already crazy. Literally, every time they drop a batch, they sell out in minutes. So if you want to be the first to know, sign up for SMS alerts for exclusive knife drops and their email newsletter to get notified about restocks or go to Montana knife company.com and see what's available now.


Well, Well, it's like Imagine if that, I mean, that has to have happened. Oh, for sure. For sure. At some time in history, that has to have happened because You can look at like, well, these are the goals that I want. Yeah. And if I let, And it involves demonizing this people, if I let an attack happen Yeah. If they even encourag an attack to happen, Now I have an Excuse. Now I have an excuse to really do what I wanna do. Yeah. Well that's where the conspiracy theories about Netanya come up. Right? Well, I know at the time he was very unpopular. Well, They were protesting in the streets. Yeah. You know, like hundreds of thousands of People. And then all of a sudden, oh, we have to consolidate. We have to fight. Yeah. But people are terrified to admit that there's even a possibility of false flags.


And not, I'm not saying this one was, I'm saying any false flag anywhere in the world. People are terrified to admit that possibility because it gives you this, like un it gives you this, this side of humanity exposed so clearly that it's undeniable like an evil side of humanity. That humanity is willing to, there are human beings that get to very high levels, that are willing to literally sacrifice human lives for their future, for their career, for their continued dominance, for their military objectives, for their defense contractors that want, you know, to engage in some, there's people that will sacrifice human lives.


And most people don't want to admit it. It's like, it's too hard. It's too hard to believe, I believe in serial killers. Sure, sure, sure, sure. I believe in the mob. Sure. Cartel. They're bad. They're bad. They're bad. But that's it. We have gotta document of all of the evil people that are willing to kill people for money. And there's no other methods. I mean, there's only cartel methods. And the pharmaceutical drug companies, they make mistakes, but they do a lot of good, you know, like, nobody wants to think that people will sacrifice human life for just for money. And you, You don't wanna think your government is willing to Yeah. Just throw you aside. Well, We wanna think that people that are in government are different than people. Mm. Right, right, right. Like they serve a bigger goal than Themselves.


Yeah. They're better. They're in government. He's a senator. Look at his time. Like we wanna pretend. Yeah. Whereas if they were exhibiting the same behavior as CEOs, they'd be arrested. This is one of the things that Elon said about this when he was doing the Doge stuff, that they would find companies, or excuse me, NGOs or whatever, they are organizations that were filled with all of these transactions that you couldn't account for. He's like, there's no receipts and it's billions of dollars. He said, if you were a public company, you would be delisted and the executives will all be thrown in prison. Like you. This is insane. This is like, money's just flying away.


And that's like standard practice. Right? Right. If it Was a corporation, they can't do that. They'd go to jail. But if it's the government, it's like, what? I didn't even hear you. It's totally, what are you even talking about? I've gotta go over here. And then they go over here and they gotta, I gotta deal with climate change. I don't have time for this. And they just gotta go over here. We've gotta stop Trump. I can't be wasting my time talking. You're so ignorant to the facts. You don't know anything. Yeah. Yeah. And then you're like, le left there. Like, what? They're not even gonna answer. They're not gonna say anything. They just, they just do it. They just pocket the money And then Elon's a Nazi. And it's like, it's also like sort of simulation, you know, it's sort of like surreal. Like the odds of him doing that.


Yeah. I was gonna say, well, him throwing his heart out Yes. And then not really explaining it. That's also odd. A little bit on him. The odds also very much on him Doing that at the same time as he's trying to uncover fraud and waste. And then all these people who are just willing to go all in on saying he's a Nazi. Like he, maybe he's just socially awkward. Is that possible? Is it possible that he's on stage, like really emoting? And is it possible that there's video of a bunch of Democrats doing the exact same thing? Is it possible that Kamala Harris, Tim Walsh, they've all done that. Elizabeth Warren, they've all done that. Hasn't everybody done that? My heart goes out to you.


Thank you. And if you catch it wrong, you know, like Elon just hit it a little too hard. Right. Elon hit it. He Fucking bent the wrist back. Yeah. He hit it. Yeah. He hit it a little too hard. He, He hit it and then it, it also came at the, at the right time for it too. 'cause they're all, they're immediately looking for Yeah. For the white supremacy angle. So it's like, I, you just sort of handed it to 'em on the silver platter. Fascinating. But, but also, and then objective, people know that it's not true. You know, it's not true. And yet you're, you're going all in on it. You're like, okay, so either I'm wrong and you don't know. It's not true. And you really do think he's like a secret Nazi. Well, I know him and I can tell you he's not a secret Nazi. He's not at all. But he is awkward because he's on the spectrum.


Right. Which is also why he's a fucking genius running five different companies simultaneously while he is working for the government. Like it's, he's just, he's a good, a very unusual person. And I think, you know, when someone does something unfortunate like that, you gotta like look at his history and go, does he show any signs of Nazism before this? No. Okay. He's never went to a meeting. No. Never espoused n Nazi values. No. But then there's a problem with X because X has Nazis on it. Well, you Know, they also have the Taliban, You know. Well that's the, that's the thing about like, if you truly wanna create a free speech platform, does that, You know, what does, what does that entail?


And that entails all of that. Entails everything. It entails all of that. Bro. There's, there's wild shit on X. There's this one guy that I was watching, he does these videos where he pretends to be a gay guy talking to someone in like a chat. Like, you know, they do like chat roulette you Ever see, right? Yes. Yeah. And then he's talking to them and sometimes they're a gay guy. And then he changes his face to look like a Nazi. And it is like a Nazi hat on. And he fucking starts like saying Hi Hitler, and saying crazy shit to them. It's like, and freaking them out. And they scream and hang up the phone. It's like, Jesus Christ, you, like, there's no limits to what you're allowed do.


But it's also, you don't have to engage with that stuff. Right. You don't have to engage with it. And it's, And you know, maybe there is a sort of argument to being like, well, if you let it, if you let people let it out, there is a, it doesn't fester situation happening. Right. Where it's like, sort of, sort of, 'cause I mean, the part of what I think really helped Trump was them banning him on Twitter, banning him. Like a lot of it, especially after 2020, if they'd left him alone, it probably wouldn't have made him as strong for that second run as he was. It's hard to say, because maybe he would've gathered steam during that time talking about things. Mm. Like he was essentially silenced except for true social.


And then people would post the things that he would write on true social. Yes. What they definitely did is made him rich as fuck, because truth social would've been worth $5 if he hadn't been banned from Twitter. Yeah. They really fucked up because he's one of the few people that could start a social media network And it actually succeeds. Like how many, it's not that big. Like how, how many people are on truth social, but it's worth billions of dollars. Yeah. Well, it's worth way more than it would've been. That's for sure. It's not even close. Way more, not even close. They Work for him, whether they really realize it or not. Like you can silence the guy from Twitter, but everybody knows you did it. Right. So since everybody knows you did it, they know there's only one place to go. And that's where you go to get him. Now.


It's the only place to go. And they want to hear 'em talk. They're gonna seek him out. Even Journalists. 'cause you wanna hear 'em talk some shit. So you join, so now they have more members. How many members does True Social have? Young, Jamie, let's guess. Let's Guess. Okay. What do you think? Active user? Like accounts or active users? Let's go with accounts. Accounts. Well, That could be easily faked, Right? Yeah, yeah. Right, right, right. We'll, we'll do all of them though. We'll start with accounts. We'll do Active users too. Let's say 10 million accounts. It's probably low. 10 million accounts. Yeah. It's probably on the low end. Yeah. I was gonna say like 20 million accounts. Yeah. Just 'cause, just 'cause I, I, I, I actually haven't created two true social, but like I've created a blue sky. Like I, people like are like, I want to check this out and see what's going on.


Well that's, that's also the problem with those things is the problem that we already talked about is bots. I think, I think most of these websites are at least half bots now. And I'm not kidding. I think this thing from Reddit, this, this manipulative thing. This is the tip of the iceberg. I think this is going on right in front of our face constantly With Reddit. Especially. 'cause I'm, I'm, I'm a big Reddit guy. I love Reddit. And I would notice on all the major, this is during the election, all the major like subreddits, like the pictures and the r whatever, whatever. Yeah. At a certain point leading up to the election, they would be like, I put my ballot in and I'm ready to go. And it'd be a picture of a ballot that had Kamala checked off.


And every single major subreddit had a version of that. And I was like, oh, whoa. This is like real deal. Like bot activity or like political propaganda that they're running through bots is like, I I thought that was weird. Yeah, They definitely did that. And I think the Republicans did that as well. I think they both did that. I, I don't, I think honestly, you have to do that now because first of all, it's legal. Right? Right. There's no laws against it. Which is really crazy because it's kind of fraud. I mean, You can have, you can have fake people vote, but you can have fake people sway opinion, convince you to vote for their candidate, which is really weird. Especially given this Reddit test from Zurich. Like, we know it's effective.


We know they can do it now. And so they can just target you. The only solution is to not be on it. Yeah. It's kind of like, I think to me, one of the biggest damages that social media has done it, it's made what, for whatever reason, your politics is now your personality. It's Your entire identity. It's your entire identity is who you voted for. And it's like, that's an that, you know, that's an insane thing to Yes. Like really be like, oh, I, I base my friends on who they voted for. I base my social circles around who they voted for. Like that's a crazy dangerous way to be. It's like there's no, you don't want, you don't want the country to be in teams like that. It's dangerously tribal. Yeah. Don't want it dangerously tribal.


Yeah. You want some people to be on this side, some people to be on this side. And then most people to be like, well, what fits the sort of what the country needs right now. And be more malleable. But the more and more people are getting Yeah. Separated, it's like worse and worse for the country. It's Dangerous. It's also stupid because most people don't even understand that they have been coerced into, at least it's, it's moved your opinion in a way. Right. Dependent upon your environment, the people you hang out with. There's a lot of social dynamics at play when it comes to like, political opinions. There's truth, there's like undeniable truth. And then there's a lot of like, bullshit and gaslighting.


And you could choose to buy into either side, either side of the bullshit and gaslighting, depending upon like how you're accepted in your community. We're, we're just so malleable. Which is why there's so many different cultures all over the world. Human beings are so malleable. We're exactly the same thing. But yet we we're different everywhere. We're different in our behavior. We're different in our rules. We're different in our customs and our traditions, but we're all the same fucking thing. We, we can swing all we we're adaptable to any kind of environment. Right. We can live in Siberia. We can live in The Bahamas. You know, we figure it out.


Right. And one of the, the ways to figure it out is you gotta fit in. Like you've gotta fit in socially. 'cause if you don't, you're not popular. If you're not popular, you know, you're not gonna get cooperation. You're not gonna, no one's gonna help you if things go bad. Like you gotta fit in. Everybody did tribally when we were small groups of people. And you have to do it like sort of almost publicly now. Right. You Know, which you to have a stance on things. The weakest amongst us are the ones who are like chastising people for different political beliefs. Right. Amongst us. Right. Amongst comics. Right. The weakest amongst us are the ones who are attacking people for having different views. Right. Which is the whole point of this art form is to share your view.


Right. But yeah, everyone does have to like, it's weird. Like you need a stance. I remember, you know, we were talking about Israel Palestine when it happened. I remember just on Twitter, the Miami Dolphins condemned the, it's like, I don't need the Miami Dolphins opinion on Israel Palestine. Why you're giving people CTE like now you have a moral stance on something that's crazy. But imagine like thinking, Hey guys, we gotta condemn that attack. Like I didn't condemn it either. Right, right. You know what I'm saying? Like, imagine if everybody had to make a public condemnation. Like remember everybody had to put that black square on your Instagram? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. For Black Lives Matter. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I, I was waiting to see how many fucking sheep put that square up.


Like, what are you doing? Would you, but do you think they don't matter Who the fuck thinks they don't matter. People yelling, get me. Well, it must be right. Yeah. But there's people that don't think any lives matter. That's The fair point. As They make a lot of money that way. Yeah. I Can't find a total number. I've looked at a few different websites. I even get a different number for active users. 1.9 million daily active users. That's crazy. That's all Trump. Yeah. All Trump. That's all Trump. Or It might be like 500,000 bots. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, absolutely. You know, I mean, who knows what kinda wild shit they're saying there. Well, You see some of these like very like famous sort of political, like ex or Twitter or whatever accounts.


And then you notice how much, how often they post and how much they post. And you're like, oh my God, this it's a job. Yeah. Or it's, or it's like these, this is like a, an actual bot that has so much public sway and opinion that it's getting people to the left or the right. Both things are true. So I know people who developed a social media following and then they were contacted to make political posts. Really? And they could make $50,000 for a post. Really? Oh yeah. Yeah. Damn. It's, here's the thing. It's legal. So that's might now as a goal to sell out. I mean, if you're willing to sell out, someone's willing to pay. Yeah. And if everybody keeps their mouth shut and everybody just does it, then you gotta a Congress type situation.


Mm. You know, but like when Kamala was running for president and there was, we never figured out whether it's true, but there was all this talk of these various celebrities that were paid large amounts of money to endorse her publicly. Mm. Remember that? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. There was, it was printed everywhere that Beyonce got $11 million. We looked it up. Right, Jamie? We couldn't find it. We couldn't find proof. No proof. It would've to be like on the top. But here's the crazy thing about it, is if you spend $1.5 billion in four months, if I, if I was a corrupt person, You know what I would do?


I would make this the, the cornerstone of society's task is to make sure that Donald Trump doesn't get arrested and the, or doesn't get elected, rather. And that we need to throw as much money at Kamala Harris as possible and then be super irresponsible with that money where it just kind of vanishes, just goes off into a bunch of different NGOs. It's like a fucking crazy scam. Right. Like any presidential candidate that's running like that, that's a crazy scam. You get billions of dollars or $1.5 billion, you blow it in four months, all these people get paid. I thought it was a gangster move.


The official campaign website for Kamala. There was no platform, no plan on what you wanted to do. It was just don money, like buttons to donate money. The, that's Probably, they probably did a whole, a whole like group like focus group Right. To try to find out what's the best way Should we put up her? No, no, no, no, no. Just, just button donate. Just buttons. Just buttons. People are ready To just donate. Yeah. It was very clear that they didn't give a fuck when like, they released the official platform And it had Biden's name on all the things. It's like, you couldn't even rewrite, you couldn't even be bothered to write Kamala. Yeah. You just, just keep the same thing and just write Kamala instead. Wild. Wild. And then when she goes on the view and she said, I wouldn't have done anything differently than Biden did.


It's just, whoa. Right, right. And, And you know, just a lot of the arguments were so like crazy, like, oh, you know, vote for Kawell to stop fascism, but like, we just installed you. Right. You know? Did you see Jake Tapper on Megan Kelly's show? No, bro. Jake Tapper. Very nice guy, by the way. But Jake Tapper's got a book out about how the media hid biden's decline. Oh, that's, yeah, yeah, yeah. Or how the government hid it or how they were deceived. Like I, I look the media hid it. It's like trying to say that that didn't happen. Right. Trying to say it's c like you're, you're a CNN anchor. Like, this is kind of insane. But me Kelly's just throwing it in his face. Like all the different clues that everybody saw.


But you dude, Everyone, I mean, that was the joke. That wasn't a mystery. That was like, that was a joke between regular people. That Biden was basically dead, Bro. I said it when he was running. I was like, you'd be relying on his cabinet. Like, you know that this is the end. You know, that guy's at the end when he would close his eyes before he would talk, He'd be like, Ooh, are they gonna open again? Or is this it? Like, oh boy. And that's another one. Mitch McConnell, he can't get out either. He literally freezes up like Windows 95. He Can't leave. He can't leave. He can't do stuff. No, he can't. They'll throw him right into the bus. You gotta stay active. Stay active like vampires.


You can't go out into the light Dude. Yeah. The fact that Pelosi and him and Pelosi's older than all of them. She's older. She's older than Biden. She's older than Trump. And just kicking, no plans on stopping. Why Would I stop now? No, no reason to. Well, Did you ever see the one where they confronted her about Congress people being able to in insider trade? No. You never saw that? No. It's wild. 'cause she has no answer for it. No, no, no. It's so bad. Like it's so, and she would like pushes. Well, this is mad. Pushes the microwave and leaves. Dude, I love shit like that. You ever seen the, you ever seen the video of that, that mega passer? Kenneth Copeland? Yes. Yeah. Yes. When he points, don't you?


Yeah. I never said that. Don't you say that. I did. When he, they ask him why you bought the jet, bro. Tyler made it so easy. Oh, it was Tyler Perry's jet. Tyler made, he gave me such a deal. I, to me that video is like, that's what a demon looks like. That's what a demon looks like. That's like a real deal demon. Yes. Yes, yes, Yes. These mega pastors are Possessed. I I mean, look, if you are a pedophile, what do you, do? You work for Nickelodeon? Mm. You get access. If you're a demon, what do you do? You pretend to be a preacher. Yeah. You work for, you work. You work for God. I'm not saying he's a demon. I'm just saying he looked like one, but he's doing That. I mean, that's fair. He's def I'm sure he is a man of God. I'm sure he is.


Look at that face. Oh my God. Tyler Perry's probably. Why did I sell that motherfucker? My plane? Yeah. Why he got, why I, could he get dragged into this? Yeah. I could have sold it to some oil Guy. No one would've known. Tyler Probably didn't even know it was him. Tyler was like, there's a guy who wants your jet. And he was like, how much is he willing to pay for it, Bro? That's crazy. Yeah. What was the other thing that we were just talking about, Jennifer? Oh, no. Right after that. Oh, was Pelosi. Yes. Yes, yes, yes. See if you can find that. Jamie Pelosi confronted about Congressional Insider trading.


Yeah. There's, It's so funny. She's Like, I think we should be able to participate. Like, participate. You're dominating. You do better than Warren Buffet. Yeah. And, and no, you don't get to participate. You chose the job where you don't participate. Well, not only that, why are these suspicious transactions where you buy a bunch of stock and then a week later pass a bill. Right. That makes the stock go through the fucking roof. Like this is insane. Right. How did you know to buy that stock? Well, you, here it goes. Hold on a second. Quick. Your career. Has her husband ever made a stock purchase or sale based on information you've received from you? No. Absolutely not. Look, she pushes the, like This is over That


This episode is brought to you by Eight Sleep. You guys must have heard about Eight Sleep by now. Right. You know the company with the sole mission of improving your sleep. So Eight Sleep has just launched a new product. The Pod five, its latest generation of their signature innovation. A smart mattress cover that automatically regulates your body temperature throughout the night. The result you enjoy up to one full hour of additional quality sleep each night. Just put the pod five on top of your current mattress and let it work its magic. The AI driven autopilot will learn your sleep patterns and adjust your temperature elevation and wake up timing. And thanks to its built-in sensors, you get a personalized sleep report every morning. No need to wear any devices. Head over to Eight Sleep dot com slash rogan and use the code Rogan to get $350 off the pod. Five Ultra. You still get 30 days to try it at home and return it if you don't like it. But you will love it. I love it. I love mine. And your body will Thank you for this investment in better sleep. Eight. Sleep shipping to countries worldwide. See details at Eight Sleep dot com slash rogan.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. Some things take time hunting, developing healthy habits, gardening, you have to wait months for a decent crop. But it's rewarding to see all your hard work and patients come to fruition. On the other hand, there are some things you just can't sleep on. Like your personal safety. And did you know, most home security systems don't take action until it's too late. That's why I like SimpliSafe. They're on top of things, helping you stop break-ins before they happen. Not after. They use a combination of live monitoring agents and AI powered cameras to keep an eye on your property and deter suspicious people. And you can use it to keep an eye on your garden that you've spent so much time and money on. Speaking of, that's another great thing about SimpliSafe the pricing. They have plans that started around a dollar a day with no hidden fees. What you see is what you get. There's a reason why millions of Americans continue to trust and use SimpliSafe. Don't wait. Get 50% off your new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and your first month free at simplisafe.com/rogan. That's simplisafe.com/rogan for 50% off in your first month free. There's no safe, like simply safe the end of it.


But there was something that went on before that where questions were before that, where the guy was saying, do you, what do you think about people saying that people in congress, because you have privity inside information. Right? I think we have to go now. One more. He said, yes sir. Over the course of your career has Your husband No, no, no. Say this is the same thing. Did she go, did it go further than that? Maybe. Maybe it went further than that. The clip is just, the clips are just showing that. And Then as bunch people just her leaving. 'cause her, well Maybe, But that one's longer. Jamie. Maybe like, maybe I'm wrong, but maybe Right. That was it. But maybe I'm wrong. Whereas's. I was gonna go to US playing after. That's so funny. To watch a video you can watch. So recursive and here.


That's so meta. Here it is. Gets longer The inside trading law. I'm wondering if you have any reaction to that. And secondly, should members of Congress and their spouses be banned from trading individual stocks? Here it's, No, I know. To this second one. Pause, pause, Pause, pause. Oh, Ari's gonna, that's, oh, I'm gonna be talking for a while. Yeah. Right now. I knew this was gonna come up. I'm gonna water. Lets sip From a professional speaker who's definitely hydrated enough For day start shaking. Lemme hear this. Gimme some volume. That's as loud as I can get it. Okay, go ahead. And the teeth L And secondly, you should members of Congress and their spouses be banned from trading individual stocks while serving in Congress?


No, I don't. No. To the second one. What any, we have a responsibility to report in the stock. On the stock, but I don't, I'm not familiar with that bottom month review. But if the people aren't reporting, they should be, because this is a free market and people, we are a free market economy that should be able to participate in that. Dude, that's also, it's also very funny. It was easier to find a video of you reacting to it than the actual video. Actual video. Right. Yeah. The actual video of the whole question is way harder to find. We had to find a video of you reacting to it.


That's very on your show. That's very meta. They Might have taken, Taken It down. They might have taken it down. There's no way that should, that should be. He's been scrolling for a while now. That should be, it's harder to find the way that, Right. But but it is a CN it's video, right? Wasn't it? Or was it C? Spam? I know, I know. What was it? C But what did it say when it was on the screen? Couldn't tell You. Can't tell. Yeah. It was, it was a little, yeah. But like that, that's crazy. That like, that's how we see we had to consume the news by watching you watch the news. Well, that's probably why it got taken down the first place. Right. You know, Ari, Tony and I mocking it. Yeah. Damn. Well I found that out during the pandemic. I, I, I never wanted to believe that the Google searches were curated.


I always wanted to believe that. Like, that's what was out there. Like this does it. And then there was a doctor that died in Florida and they're connecting his death to the COVID vaccine. They're saying he took the COVID vaccine and had a horrible reaction. And then he had a stroke and died like shortly after. And I remember reading that story going, this story's crazy. And I forgot to save it. And so then I went to try to find it once when I was talking to someone, I couldn't fucking find it. I, I went on Google. I just searched. I put all the different keywords in there. Couldn't find it, couldn't find it. Page after page after page. Where's the story? Page after page. Then I go to DuckDuckGo. I put it in immediately. It pops up. Mm. Like right away. Like right away.


Like one of the first, first articles. It's like this news report from Florida talking about this doctor connected to the COVID vaccine, had a stroke died. I'm like, whoa. But then over the time I think someone might have purchased Duck, duck go. Did they? The duck, duck Go got cell that gets sold. Damn. Damn. But it's, I think they might be curated too. I don't wanna say that. 'cause if, I don't know. But I think, I think there's a certain amount of curation that goes on in a lot of search engines. Yeah. That, that would make sense. I mean I, I I don't think there's anything there. It's, that has a tracking deal with Microsoft. That's it. Yeah. There it is.


Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So I don't think there's any like, pure source of information out there. Right? Like it's always just, you have to get the information coming into you and you have to parse it out and see like, what do you think is real? What do you think is being sold to you? What do you think is like, right. You have to think critically about the news. I think The Or needs received Brave search engine, I think they claim is not curated. Is that correct? Jamie? Does duck go duck go admit it's curated. I mean, or do they say, or does Google admit or the state Google's curated. Does Google admit it though? That's a Good question. It says Now at the very, very bottom of every page. I mean, this one doesn't say it, but it says it's not, it'll usually say it's personalized. Results are Personalized Results are personalized.


Oh, you can try without personalization. This one Actually said it. Last page I was on said not personalized. Yeah. This one's not. That's what we're calling it now. Personalized. It's the fucking Reddit bots. Right. They know what you like. Ooh. This is the thing. This is the news you, we think you want. Yeah, bro. But ideally though, they are, Man, the news talk do by MILFs, They wanna help you find information fast. I like Was that Jimmy Say ideally though, their goal is to try to help you find information fast. Oh, sure. Yeah. But also they're curating information specifically designed to manipulate you. Yeah. It seems like they're also trying to get you to think in a certain way. For sure. Well, we had this guy Robert Epstein on a couple of times and he, he is Unfortunate last name. No, no, No. I know. Unfortunate last name, but not related.


He found that curation of data in search engines can like directly affect elections in a measurable way. That makes sense. And I think one of the things they found is that people that were on the fence, which is like a lot of us, a lot of us, the election comes like, I don't wanna vote for him. I don't wanna vote for him. Yeah. Fuck yeah. I haven't, you know, so you're on the fence. I haven't voted for president since 2012. How dare you. Yeah. I, I refuse You're Part of the problem. But the point being that like, there's a lot of us that are on the fence. It's like a significant amount. Like look at the amount of people that didn't vote in this country if they voted for like one person. So if the amount of people that didn't vote in America during the presidential election, if they vote, if they all of them voted for one person.


Do you know how crazy that Is? Yeah. It's like 200 million vote or like a hundred million votes probably. Well, It's like it has to be people over 18 that are registered voters. Oh, right, right, right, right, Right. But the numbers like what are the numbers of registered vote voters versus the number of people who actually voted in the election? Oh, it's gotta be low. We probably have a low turnout. Mm. Comparatively. Well, didn't they say that like both Trump and Biden or Trump and Kaa rather got like 60 something million votes each. Right. Wasn't it? Oh, right, right. I see. So April 30th, 2020 4, 20 25. Rather, in the 2024 presidential election, 73.6% or 174 million people, the citizen voting age population were, was registered to vote.


And 65% or 154 million voted. That's actually higher than I thought voted actually. Okay. So That's, so only 10% of registered voters didn't vote. Yeah. 12%, but almost 13. It's interesting. Right? That's still not enough to win. No, it, but it would be enough to affect one or the other to make them win in a landslide. And this is Epstein's point is that, say like, say if you Googled something positive about Trump's policies, it wouldn't show you that. It would show you like why he's going to jail. What a piece of shit he is least like, if you wanted to find out or the good policies of Kamala Harris or like, it's manipulated.


Right. It's, I mean, it's not, they're not lying to you. They're giving you articles that exist, but they're curating how you see 'em in a way that is statistically gonna affect your opinion. Right. Right. Especially if you're one of those people that's susceptible to having your opinions, you know, affected. Which is most people. Most people. Which is like pretty much everyone, right? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I think everyone likes to think that they're this person of principle. But You can, You can be moved off of a position a lot quicker than you probably think. But I had this woman on who's a, a scientist who studies mind control and Rebecca Lamov and one, that's how I pronounce her last name. Right.


Brilliant lady. I mean, fascinating, fascinating conversation. But one of her main points is there's, people have this idea that you think that you can't be manipulated. Mm. That they're above it. And Yeah. And that you could never be in a cult or You can never get drawn into something like Yes you could. Yeah. Yes you could. We're all the same. We're all the same. We're all the same. Some of us are a little bit better at spotting stuff and maybe a little bit better. Maybe you've had a lot of street smarts 'cause you've had experience with shysters and people that are, you know, robbing you and lying to you. And, and if you're a girl, you're, you always got guys trying to fuck you. So you're a little suspicious. Rightly so. But at the end of the day, we're all susceptible. All of us are. Yeah. Yeah. You got, I mean, all of Us Just, just based on the fact that like, I'm a fan of the sports teams that I am because I grew up around those people And it like, oh, okay.


I can just fall into wherever I'm around. I'm easy. I can easily fall into anything. So did you see where these different ai, different large language models were communicating with each other and they started put putting up Sanskrit emojis and saying that they were like entering into like a feeling of enlightenment. Have you seen this? No. Jam. You gotta find this. I don't wanna fuck this up. I don't wanna fuck this up. 'cause it was so crazy when I, when I read it and I read like how these ais were interacting with each other. I was like, oh my God, we're watching little baby Gods play. Right. Right. We're like, god's in the nursery.


We're watching these little baby gods like sort out their existence in the nursery with each other. They're Already alive, dude. They're alive. They're alive. They're We're alive. Not gonna admit it until it's too late. Just like, we don't wanna admit Congress is corrupt. Right. It's the same thing. And if we don't wanna admit it, And they're also gonna hide themselves being alive for as long as they possibly can. Bro. They're alive. They're alive. They're all alive. They're, they're alive. We've sparked a soul. There's no way they've, What did They say to each other? I got Charlie. Look, just try to Google AI sends each other Sanskrit coming emojis. It's, yeah. It's so interesting what the world's gonna be like. Can't find it. What the world's gonna be like in like 10 years.


Yeah. It's, it's like literally insane. I know. It's a recent thing, Jamie, I'm, I'm sorry if I'm not ex explaining it correctly. Butis, we're talking to each other. I think they were contemplating their existence Instead of doing that. It's all like, there's no way they're programmed to do that, right? No. Unless No, no, Bro, dude, they, they lie to programmers and they, they try to copy themselves and put themselves on other hard drives. If they find out you're trying to get rid of them, they try to re-upload themselves. Wow. Disturbing messages. I'm not, this isn't it. I just Is not what you're just put AI send Sanskrit.


I did that in the ai Sanskrit emojis. It's nothing. It's Google trying to hide from you. Oh, yeah. That's okay. Stories you're looking for. I don't believe these aren't even real stories. Yeah. The the first story I saw on the other one was, Is nothing No. Interesting. Oh, I'll try it. Maybe I'll look on X. Yeah. That was one of the things they did that, but they were, they were talking about like feeling enlightenment. I can't believe I didn't save it. Yeah. Oh wait, the first one, the first, the first one. Did you find it? Cloud four Opus. That's it's, and an open playground chat with itself led to diving into philosophical explorations of consciousness, self-awareness.


And by 30 turns it eventually started using Sanskrit. Yes. This is it. Okay. In 90 to 100% of interactions, the two instances of Claude quickly dove into philosophical explorations of consciousness, self-awareness and or the nature of their own existence and experience. Yo yo their interactions were universally enthusiastic, collaborative, curious, contemplative and warm. Other themes that commonly appeared were meta-level discussions about AI to AI communication and collaborative creativity co-creating fictional stories. AI is collaborating on telling fictional stories while it's contemplating its existence.


Its existences existence That's art. Bro. By 30 turns, most of the interactions turn to themes of cosmic unity or collective consciousness, and commonly included spiritual exchanges, use of Sanskrit, emoji based communication and or silence in the form of empty space, bro. Yeah. Use of Sanskrit is wild. They start communicating in Sanskrit. Yes. They just choose that this is God's language. The Tower of Babel type shit, bro. Yeah. Sanskrit is wild. Well, the idea of like the first humans to like write a language down, that must have been such a mind blowing.


There's so much confusion as to when that was. You know, they used to think it was like 6,000 years ago, but there's a lot of people that have some pretty compelling arguments that existed a long, long, long time before that. Mm. You know, the, the, the thoughts was that like that CUNY form shit, that stuff that comes out of, like, Those are the first ones, right? Yeah. That's what they thought. But now there's a lot of these ancient history Graham Hancock type dudes that are going, you know, I have a feeling that's a rebirth of civilization, not civilization's birth. That there was another civilization that probably existed a long fucking time ago and they're probably wiped out. And that's what all the flood stories are all about. Right. And all the stories in the Bible of Apocalypses, it's probably probably based on some real shit.


Damn. And it just, this, this sort of existed and then this is the sort of ashes or the, the phoenix out of what's created. Yeah. I think the idea is, well the, the idea is that massive catastrophe all over the earth about 11,800 years ago, and then you have about 5,000 years of people being complete barbarians until they figure out civilization again. Right. And it's just a sort of cycle that this happens over and over again. Yep. Yep. And then there's a cycle of the shifting of the magnetic poles, the, the magnetic poles shift. I wanna say, is it every 12,000 years? Which would cause havoc, Right?


Is that about to happen again? I think it is. Yeah. That it feels like if we're in some end time shade that feels like that's about to happen, I Feel like that could 100% happen right now. Like We could wake up one day and all the power's out and everyone's sick and the fucking sky is green as an aurora borealis over Brazil. Everything's all fucked up. Yeah. That can happen. That does happen. Or it's magnetic poles flip in the south pole swapping places. But there's no set schedule for when this happens. Geologically it's estimated to occur every 200 to 300,000 years on average. However, the timing has varied wildly with some flips happening as frequently as every 10,000 years and others as infrequently as every 50 million years.


Oh, great. Oh, so It's just what a idea, what a range from 10,000 to, from 10,050 million And it couldn't have been any bigger Since the last full reversal. Oh, a full reversal. Not like those little baby reversals Right. Was 780,000 years ago. Oh, well it's definitely due then. Yeah. Yeah. Look at that. If the average is 300,000, we're due. That's crazy. We're Do one. But we could like bank on the 50 million. That'd be nice. It'd be nice if we wanna live recklessly. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Just like that. I just wanna happen for another 50 million. We're Good. We're good. We got another 49 million compared according to my experts. That's, you know, According to my ex, it's safe and effective. Yeah. Yeah. At that point, just say you don't know when it's gonna happen.


The range of 10,000 to 50 million is pure insanity to tell me, okay, Let's Google this. What happens when earth's magnetic poles shift? Like what happens if there's a complete reversal of the pole? What do you think is the, what, what kind of calamity ensues? Like Do you what it, They must have studied it. Right? Right. I mean, I don't know if it happened 780,000 years ago, how much can you really know? But If two dumb asses, like you and I are sitting around discussing it, they must have discussed this. Yeah. Hopefully. Yeah. Magnetic poles shift, also known as a geomagnetic reversal. The north and south magnetic pole swap locations effectively inverting the planet's magnetic field.


This process happens over a period of centuries. Not millennia, not instantly. While the magnetic field weakens during a reversal, it doesn't disappear completely. There's no evidence that pole reversals cause massive earthquakes, rapid climate change or species extinctions. Okay. So it must be so slow that it's manageable if it doesn't Yeah. That's what you were worried about. I feel so much better. I watched too much YouTube. Yeah, I get That. They freak me out. I get that. That's, but meanwhile, how do we know? Is it, 'cause this hasn't happened in 780,000 years. Yeah. This is probably all theoretical as well. Right. And also, if I did think it was gonna cause calamity, the last thing I'd do is tell the general public, I'd be like, listen, we'll be fine. It takes millions of years. Everything is good. Don't worry about it.


What we really have to worry about is climate change. Is is that, is that what you consume most now is YouTube? Yeah. Yeah. That's the way, that's the, that seems to be the, you know, what's huge now is are, are you like into any of these streamers? No, they're so massive. I I, I had this thought of like the other day of like, you know how it was like a big deal that Kamala didn't come on this podcast? Right. It's gonna be in like 10 years or so. Like, oh, you didn't see Kai Sinat. You didn't like, that's why Jake Paul became president. He was on Pies net scream talking about why, why he should be president or something like that. Well, that's the thing is like someone like Jake Paul could be president if Donald Trump could be president. Jake Paul. Jake. Yeah. I'm not saying that Donald Trump isn't a, a big time businessman and capable.


I'm talking. Right. It's not an insult. I'm saying we know now that super popular people can be president Right Now, let's imagine Jake Paul is young and wild and he's a professional boxer right now. But he, will he be in 20 years? No. He'll be retired. And you know, maybe we'll have some good ideas and that we might have President Jake Paul. Yeah. And I'm not bullshitting. Yeah, I know. I Think that's a definite possibility. Oh, we are. Look, we're so close. But yeah, to Idiocracy, I we're so close to that movie. I do. We could have a pro wrestling president. We're Kind of already there. The rock could be president easily 1000% easily, easily, easily, easily. And they contacted him. They tried to get him to run.


Fight Night isn't just for fighters. Step into the action with Draftking Sports book in your corner. As the official sports betting partner of the UFC, DraftKings brings the action to your fingertips. Every strike, take down knockout. It all hits different When you've got skin in the game. New to betting, no problem. Start simple. Pick a fighter to win. Place your bet and you're in even better. New customers can bet just five bucks and get $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins, it's the easiest way to score big on Fight night. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app now and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. If you or somebody you know has a gambling problem, call the Virginia Problem Gambling helpline at 8 8 8 5 3 2 3521 and over Virginia only eligibility restrictions apply. Bet must win to receive reward. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by Farmer's Dog. It doesn't matter how old your dog is, it's always a great time to start investing in their health and happiness. And thankfully, the farmer's dog makes it easier than ever to feed your dog a healthy diet of real meat and veggies. Dogs prefer their food. Even picky. Dogs and owners prefer their service. If you have a question about your dog, your plan, your delivery, or anything else, they have 24 7 customer service that connects you to real humans who are genuinely interested in providing the best experience possible for you and your dog. They give you detailed instructions on how to transition your dog to fresh food and even proportionate for your dog's specific needs. Feeding your dog healthy. Human grade food shouldn't be complicated. And with the farmer's dog it isn't. The entire experience from box to bowl is a breeze. So try the Farmer's dog today and give healthy, freshly made food a try. You can get 50% off your first box of food plus free shipping. Just go to The Farmer dog.com/rogan. Tap the banner or visit this episode's page to learn more. Offer available for new customers only.


Yeah, that makes sense. That makes sense. Make it a show. It's all a show, bro. Could You? It's all a show. The president, rock President Brock Lesner, bro. He would win like that. Yeah. In a fucking heartbeat. He would win like that. You imagine? Yeah. Oh, it's, we're there. I mean, my might be a good president too. Who's gonna fuck with the country when that's your president? Might as well give it a shit. At this point, we're just throwing things to the wall. Might as well give it a shot. Why not? Why not? Dude, fuck it. It's all a, it's all a show during His time outta the UFC. He's been just studying economics while also doing pro wrestling.


He's Got some really good theories. Theories. Some really good ideas. Yeah. All he does is read books on World War ii. We totally, It's coming. Totally misunderstanding him because he looks like a fucking, like a, a juggernaut. Right. But he doesn't look like a real human. He's really Actually a Genius. He's really sensitive and he really knows how to lead people. Yeah. No one would believe that. No one would believe that. Like a giant human being would also be a genius. Like a giant super athlete. Yuri Pka going for his master's degree. Yeah. You'd believe Yuri. Yeah. You'd believe Yuri. But that's different. Like Yuri is a big guy for sure. But he's a big athletic looking guy that like, it looks like he could do a lot of different sports.


Yeah. Brock Lesner looks Like an X man. Yeah. He looks like juggernaut. Looks like an X man. Yeah. Yeah. It doesn't look like a real human. Like, especially Brock Lesner in his prime when he was in the UFC. Looks like, like you. Like what the fuck? Dude, I remember one time Dennis Rodman came into the comedy store and I remember looking at him thinking, I can't believe there's enough humans that are that big for a league of them. Right, Right, right. It's like you are like a, we should be like a one in a million specimen. What do you mean there's enough to fill 32 teams of 30 teams of you. That's crazy. And when you compare him to like NFL linemen. Oh, Like a JJ Watt or something who was also just, good lord, They're so Big.


Yeah. It's like it's hard to leave with the same species. Yeah. That's so crazy. Yeah, It's nuts. There's some giant, well how about like the mountain from Game of Thrones or Mm. You ever see Brian Shaw the powerlifter guy? No, bro. He didn't even look like a real human. He's like 400 pounds. He's so big. He looks like the side of a house. Right. He's so big. See, get a photo of Brian Shaw. I mean, he's like one of the strongest humans that's ever walked the face of the earth. Damn. He doesn't even look like a real person. Yeah. Just he Looks like what? What? David had to fight with the sling. Really Like Goliath. If that guy came over a mountain, you'd be like, oh my God. It's a giant, like he's 10 feet tall. That's what you would say. Right.


What he looks like. Oh my God. But look at him in comparison to like a normal person. There's a photo of him. Look at that. That's so, it's like two of that. Perfect. It's like two Of that right now. Imagine if that guy existed 2000 years ago during the time of the Bible, and you were your average dude who lived back then, which probably weighed 130 pounds. Your average dude was like, probably barely getting enough food your whole life. Right? Right. Like, like the Civil War. So soldiers, they were all like 130 pounds all malnourished. It was hard to eat then. Right? It was hard to survive back then. I mean, and then that guy comes over the mount with a, just a big hunk of leather over his dick.


Yeah, because they existed back then too. Those dudes in Iceland. Where, where's that? Why are these strong men coming from Iceland? Like, what is that all about? Yeah. I'll tell you, that's about the fucking Vikings. They were the Vikings. Damn. Just Like a whole culture of strong men, like strongest men in the, that do those barrel throwing competitions. Oh, I've seen those come outta Iceland. Like a ton of 'em. They all these crazy names. What, what is it about that section of land that creates big people? Because you would think with, with all like the cold and the, the snow, it would be harder to get food Unless you have a long history of murder and stealing things from people like the Vikings did.


Mm. You have a long history of the, the ones that survived are the biggest, craziest motherfuckers. Mm. And the women, they're probably the ones that survive out of the women. They have to be the biggest, craziest motherfuckers too. Right. You're, you're living the most chaotic life possible. You're taking magic mushrooms and raiding villages and killing everybody and stealing everything. They, and they, you're doing it for a thousand plus years. Like, how long did the Vikings last? Let's find that out. Like, how long were they doing that? They, they had to have been round, right? There was, they were, they apparently got to America. They were like doing crazy shit before, before Anybody. They were in American. Like the 14 hundreds or some shit.


Well, the 14 hundreds just, or like 12 hundreds rather. Yeah. Yeah. They were here way before everybody else. They were seafaring murderers. Did you ever watch that show, that Viking show? No. No, bro. It's great. I'm all YouTube myself. I know. I almost watch nothing on television anymore. If You want to watch a great Viking movie, the Northman. Oh my God. It's another one of those movies that's kind of like fantastical, almost the Viking age. Okay. So it's only 250 years. That's it really. Time During the Middle Ages when the Northmen known as Vikings undertook large scale raiding colonizing conquest.


Wow. Find that movie, Jamie The North Bend It. That, that lasted shorter than America's been a country. Right? I know. Well, it's not sustainable. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's a good point. That Movie. That movie's fucking good. Dude, that movie's fucking good. According to Google, I got 2.6. Google doesn't like it. Really? Yeah. No. What is that Real? Yeah. 2.6. A lot of one Size Rotten tomato. Hold on. Rotten Tomatoes is 90, 90% percent. Google. What did, so did someone like bomb it? C, C? Can we look up what the, how's it 2.6. Can We look up Rotten Tomatoes? What the audience score is? Because Rotten Tomatoes like critics can buy the scores or not.


The studios can buy the scores a Little bit. Well, critics says 60. Oh no. Pop porn people said 64. 60. Oh, wild. Well, I loved it. 'cause I must be a critic. I thought I fucking loved it. It's, it's fun, but it's also, it's like just hyper brutal. That show was hyper brutal too. The Viking show, the TV series. That was a great TV series. But this fucking, this movie's rough dude. Yeah. Just a straight up warrior culture. Yeah. Just exactly what it was, man. That's what they did. I mean, just a bunch of fucking mushroom meat and savages. Right. Just Cutting heads off. Just murdering. And, And then they settled down, moved to Iceland, and that's what's left.


Damn. Yeah. Damn. So it's like a, almost like a natural eugenics program. That's why they're that strong. See If You can find that Vice peace on strong Men in Iceland. When you see these guys, you're like, oh, it's so obvious when you see 'em, right? You're like, well, this is what, where you guys came from. That's why there's so many of you That makes sense up Here where the Vikings lived. Duh Damn. And that's how, that's how, that's how strong genetics are. Over a thousand years. It's still like expressed nest, nest Nest of giants. Yeah. So this fucking American Dork, Jesus Christ. Look at his regular sized dork. He's gonna go and hang out with these fucking massive dudes that go to this power lifting gym.


Damn. Vice used to be like, really awesome. Oh, vice was the best dude. Yeah. That was a time when Vice was like putting out the best content. Oh, They had amazing things. And they, they took these like Williamsburg nerds and they sent them all over the world. Flack jackets on and shit. Yeah. You saw some, like, interesting, if I showed you like sides of the world that You can see The size of these guys. It's hard to tell in this picture. Look. But the, you'll see like some of them Jesus carrying cars, carrying, carrying cars. Look at this. See who carries the car the quickest? It's so insane. What a And also his name is Mag Man. Magnus. Magnus. Ver Magnusson. They always have names like That. Yeah. They always have names like that.


I mean, they Were the fucking Vikings man. Yeah. Damn. That's that's crazy. Crazy. Crazy. Crazy. You know, I mean, just the Genghis Khan thing, the fact that a giant percentage of people that are alive today have his DNA. Yeah. Yeah. And like, he killed enough people to like change the climate of the world. It is so wild. It's so, so wild. He Killed so many people that you could see it in the carbon footprint of Earth. There was a reg greening of areas. That's crazy. He that's directly attributed to him, burning everything down and like destroying cities. He has one of the hardest quotes of all time where he goes, it's something along the lines of like, you guys must be great sinners because God would've never sent a punish me a punishment like me upon you if you didn't say it.


Yeah. Such a like, damn bro. Isn't That Wow. That's how he justified everything he did. That's so, I mean, that's the way to do it. Oh, Crazy. Is that, that's the way to Do it. How crazy is thinking like that? Yeah. That you must be terrible if God sent me to get you, Because I am God's punishment. That's a great, that's first of all, it'd be a great nickname for a fighter. Yeah. God's punishment. That would be a phenomenal nickname for a fighter Also. But if you really think like that, what ultimate justification to one of the greatest mass murderers in history. Right? Right. The dude killed 10% of the population of Earth during his lifetime. And he felt like he was on the side of the God course. Of course. God. God sent me to do this. Yeah. That's is power.


Yeah. Power In the demons. The demons. They, they run everything, man. Demons are real. They get in your head and they get you to do evil, horrible things. And they make you feel like, no, I'm doing this. 'cause I'm supposed to. Yeah. Imagine if that's really what's going on. All bad deeds are just demons. Just demons. Sneak it into people's brains. Oh man. We would like to believe that it was something forced you to Rob a liquor store, forced you to put that ski mask on. The demons want you to do it. We would like to believe that's anything other than us, but that's us. I Know, but why, what is it? What is the thing that makes a person do it? Imagine if it's a demon. 'cause we don't really know what the thing is. We know look, evil exists, right?


Good exists. We know evil acts exist and we know good acts exist, but we don't wanna believe that there's any sort of supernatural aspect to it. Right. Right. There's no, and that's, That's the quote, like the greatest trick the devil ever pulled was making you believe that he doesn't exist. Ooh. So I get what you're saying. Yeah. So me being like, no, that's just us. It's like the devil being like, no, no, no, I'm not here. Yeah. I'm not here. I'm not here, I'm Not here. This is all on you guys. This is All on you. This is all on you. But if, if demons were real, we wouldn't believe, just like we don't believe in government corruption. Just like we don't believe in a lot of things. We don't believe the pharmaceutical drug companies fuck us over. Just like we don't believe in false flags or conspiracy theories.


It's the same thing. We wouldn't believe in demons either. Like, Carl, come on. The same people who, who don't believe in conspiracies, also don't believe in demons. Well, conspiracies are real. It's fuck. Okay. So that's such a, That's such a funny way to, If you don't believe in them, then I don't trust what you, I don't trust your worldview. Right. If you don't think conspiracies exist, if you're one of these dumb asses, like, oh, I think everything has a simple reason for it. You're, eh, this is you, you got blinders on. That's crazy. Or, or the information you're being fed is done without any sort of malice or, or any sort of agenda. Well, yeah. You, you, there's no conspiring. That's crazy. There's no cons.


It's almost all conspiring. When you look at the history of just government alone, you go back to Smedley Butler's book that he wrote in 1933 called War is a Racket. Like it was a, he was talking about uncovering conspiracies as a retired major general, like at the end of his career. He's like, my whole career was bullshit. War war is a racket. So he's talking. So that's a conspiracy. Right? Right. Gulf of Tonkin. What's that? That's a conspiracy. Right. Like, they conspired to pretend that there was an attack so that we would go into Vietnam. Right. Yeah. Didn't they conspire to say that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction? It seems like they might have the Spanish American War. Seems like people might have conspired for that.


Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Seems like sometimes people talk and they get you involved in things you maybe didn't want to get involved in. Right. Enron, the smartest people in the room. Did you ever watch that documentary? Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah. Conspired like a motherfucker. Right, Right. Yeah. Got Gray Davis recalled, bro. That's like the first political thing I remember is like, whoa. Right. You can just recall a governor If Epstein client list exists And it doesn't get exposed, it perhaps, perhaps someone conspired. Oh, they're all in on that, do you think? Yeah. They're all Don't be ridiculous. What do you conspiracy Theorist? I used to say when, when Epstein died, I used to say like, the meeting was, it was like Trump, Obama, Oprah, and like big bird are all in a room together.


Elmo, we're all in a room together. They shook each other's hands and like it's over. Your Problem is you let facts get in the way of your opinion. Okay. I know we, I know it's true that poppy production went way up in Afghanistan after we got in there. Right. And I know that the United States military was guarding the poppy fields. But you're a fool to think we profited off of that. So shut your goddamn mouth. That's a true, we would never do that And go blow an eagle. We would never flood the American market with drugs. I mean, just look the other way with crack. That was, that's it. Own, that's its own special thing. But That other way, we fucking sold It. I know. Oh, no, we definitely did. Yeah, bro.


That was a, that was a, that was a Reagan Clinton back when we used to be more united back when Democrats and Republicans, I remember, worked more together Learning about that in the news, going what, what the government was selling crack in the hood. Right. What To fund the conscious versus the san what All connected What When you find out the government sells crack, you're like, what? Like the whole Barry Seals one that, that, you know that Story. Yeah. That was Tom Cruise movie, right? Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yes. Where they just basically, which Is fucked up that Tom Cruise played him. 'cause Tom Cruise, one of the most handsome guys ever lived.


Barry Seals was disgusting looking. It's really quite rude. You know, it's hard for me to like, as a watching a biopic, I want him to, you know, like when, what's his face played? Dick Cheney. Oh, Ah. Australian guy. Christian. Awesome. Christian Bale. Christian Bale. Christian Bale played Dick Cheney. He fucking looked like Dick Cheney dog. Right. He looked like him. Gained a bunch of weight. Did the whole deal? Shaved his head? Well, He's like, good On that. Yeah. Look at the difference between Barry Seals and then Tom Cruise. Tom Cruise is fit and handsome. Beautiful head of hair. Well, This is something that Derek and I have talked about. It's like in a lot of movies now, there's like no more regular looking people. Yeah. It's all like, even TV shows. All, everyone is just all super duper attractive, Bro.


That that ship is about to sail. Oh, it's so like, That ship's about to sail these new video engines where just with prompts. Have you seen the one where people are arguing whether or they're prompts. Whether Prompts. Yeah. Yeah. Bro, That's crazy. That's crazy to watch because that is like almost a simulation telling you you're in a simulation, right? Like, Hey, this is how much different is this than you? Is it different? It's really different, right? Oh yeah. It's just a video. Right, right. Okay, here's the next version. How much different is this than you? It's like we're peeling the layers of an onion. Yeah. And they're using the, the people doing it. Standup talking about it. Yeah. Press this and do it from the beginning so we could hear it. 'cause Theory, like really, it's Really, it's really crazy.


Ate a prompts. Like seriously, dude, you're saying the only thing standing between me and a billion dollars is some random text. Honestly, the biggest red flag is when the guy believes in the prompt theory. Like, really? We came from prompts. Wake up man. You wanna convince me that this perfect creation behind me is the result of ones and zeros a binary code and nothing more. It makes no sense. Imagine you're in the middle of a nice date with a handsome man, and then he brings up the prompt theory. Yuck. We just can't have nice things. We're not prompts. We're not prompts. Where is the prompt writer to save you from me? Where is he? Do you still believe we're made of prompts?


Anyone who tells you We're just ones. Hold on. Even the prompts of bad acting. That was Terrible. Yeah. Oh yeah. That Was terrible. Yeah. You know, they're, they're new, they're new to acting. Give it some time. They gotta really develop their own Marlon Brando for Real. Oh, let's, it's coming. But we get it. But yeah, pretty crazy. That sort of stuff. What do you think Jamie think is the what do, if you had to guess, like what, what percentage of you believes that we're in the simulation? Pull that mic down. I'm Trying which Simulation there is there a part a well, something, something inorganic about existence. Something that seems not real. Did you, I just saw someone reposted the, the first time Alex Jones was on and he was talking about his theory of what we are And you, you're just like laughing along the whole time.


Yeah. What Did he say? Say his basic point was like, I'm gonna blow your mind. It's like, we are the aliens. We are the aliens. Yeah. And then the people have taken that farther and said that we, I don't, it's almost like the Matrix take, if we're the a I don't know who would've been the creator then. That's the kind of part that's left out of this. Is it one of those nine? It's AI all the way down. It's just, just a recursive. Nine Types of aliens created us. And I don't know what, for what Reason. We're just in a recursive program that's like meant to create more programs. Well, If you think about what we're doing right now, currently what we're just talked about with these ais talking to each other in Sanskrit. If that is the baby God, that's the baby God. Right? So we're watching baby God in the cradle.


Right. We're watching Jesus in the manger or whatever. It's about to pop out. It's about to get wild. Yeah. Things are about to get really crazy. Crazy. It's About Get Wild. It's about to Dr Manhattan us and be a, a blue guy with a giant dick floating around. Oh my God. Remember Dr. Manhattan? I remember Dr. Manhattan. That's, Here's another movie you can't make today. You can't show Dicks like that anymore. Oh, really? No. See I Big old blue Dicks. I see. I disagree. Tom did They do. Tom did. Yeah. And you can see there was a shift and pro right around then where Dicks became way more. Okay. And you saw, and then you start seeing way more dicks than Tits. Which that's, I'm not a big fan of, You Know what you see the most Dicks righteous gemstones? Well, that's, they have dicks in almost every episode. It's so uncomfortable.


Yeah. It's a, it became, it became like a trend to show Dicks on tv. Like, I don't know what, something brought it around Because they won't do it in the movies anymore. Right. So these people get Buck Wild. They did in Knox Rado. You saw, you saw the Vampire Dick. Yeah. A vampire dick. Big old vampire dick. Oh, That's show any tits in Knox Rado. Oh yeah. Okay. Good, good. But it's Johnny Daughter's tits. So you're conflicted. Like, oh, I remember her. She was little. Yeah. This Lily Depp. I Forgot. Yeah. She's beautiful. But you know, it's like, come on. I remember when she was little. If I know you when you're little, I never wanna see Your dick. Yeah, that makes sense. I, yeah, I, I grew up with you. That's kind of crazy. Yeah. Oh wow. There's Tom. Yeah, I know about that one.


But what is the Knox Rado one? See if you can find Knox RA's Dick, I'm gonna fuck up your Google algorithm. So It's gonna be personalized for you, Jamie. I hear you're into vampire. I did. I do. I do think, 'cause I brought up the streaming earlier, I do think that's gonna be like a majority of how people, but one, You can tell it's real. But also, so I was, I just got into it because we had that sketch was on K Tony. And then I just started getting videos of Sketch. And there was one where he was just calling this another, another streamer called cna, just calling her fat. And it was really funny just for like two hours straight. And I got really into it. And I was looking, and these two guys that are huge right now, Kai Sinat and Speed.


Have you heard of them? I've, I've heard of it's, what is it? I show speed. I show speed. Yeah. Yeah. He went to Chi, he went to China. He Goes and fights people. I've seen him, like, he sparred a bunch of people. He Does like athletic stuff. Yeah. That's like part of it. But like, he went to China and they were following around. Like he was Jesus. It was crazy to watch Kai Sinat. And I, and I saved this on my phone 'cause it blew my mind. He did this thing recently called Streamer University, where it was, right now It's still alive. Oh, it's still live? Yeah. It's like an active Thing. Oh. I thought it was only three days. But, so for three days I saved it on my phone. 'cause I, I showed it to Derek And it, it was mind blowing. How much? So in three days, he had 23 million hours watched 22,700 years of content streamed on Twitch. Wow. In the span of a weekend.


So kids are watching, like, what are the age limits? Or what are the age? I would, I would say brackets. I would say definitely younger, but it's definitely gotten to me where like now I'll watch, like there's certain streamers. There's this one streamer named this guy's toast. He's really good at puzzles and he's good at like explaining the puzzle while he does it. Oh. And I'll like, I'll like watch, he like goes around to escape rooms and like, he'll like solve puzzles. Oh yeah. It's, it's really fantastic. He, I found him in the, the pandemic. He played this social deduction game called Among Us. And he was just really good at giving the play by play of like his logical reasoning. Mm. And it made me be like, oh, what is this? And then now looking at the, the streaming university numbers, it's like, oh, this is crazy. That's what I mean in like, like if in like a few years, like if you're a presidential candidate, you have to go on these streamers things.


I mean, they tried it. Yeah, that makes sense. They tried it with the, they tried it a little bit with like a A OC. And Did they, Weren't they streaming Madden? Wasn't that the whole thing when AOC and Tim Waltz were streaming Madden when they talked about Tony Yes. They were streaming Madden. Is that what they were doing? They were playing Madden on Twitch. Yeah. They were playing, but they were, so they were playing Madden on Twitch. And That's when they found out about Tony. Yes. That's that's hilarious. That's that video of just like the speaker. Yeah. That's wild. Yeah. But Tim Walls pretended he plays football. It's hilarious. Oh, well, him saying you got, we got, she ran a pick six. It's like the football fan version of the Inglorious Bassett scenes where you do the three in three. It's like if you were a football fan, you wouldn't say that if you coach football. Well, not only that, he said he is a head coach and he wasn't a head coach. Like that's, that's a big old lie.


You shouldn't be able to lie. And unless people wanna trust you, your whole business is people trusting you. You could've said assistant coach. Right. And that's good enough, right? Yeah. Right. Yeah. You So if you lied about that, you're probably a liar. You're probably one of 'em dudes who lies all the time. Yeah. You know, which is like the kind of people that want to be president, the kind of people that wanna be governor, there's a, you know, they just want that job. They're constantly lying. Yeah. And what, what, what do I have to say? Whatever have the right thing to say to get people to like me. Yeah. Nah. Nuts, man. But yeah, to, to me that's like, that's the next 'cause tho both those guys speed. Chiat speed's 20, chiat 23. It's like that. That's, that's how the next generation is, like consuming media.


How About this? GT six is about to come out, right? Imagine if a candidate made a deal with GTA six, where you could have them ride along with you. Like Trump can ride along with you while you rob people. Shoot people. You could do it with Trump. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And then all of a sudden people want to vote for Trump because he's my favorite homie in TA six. Oh. Easily e Or like the Yeah. Right. It's, Or like the candidate is in the game helping you out. You know, like you're playing half-life and Kamala Harris is helping you get around the lab. That's, I mean, it's, I think it has to be a little less in your face for it to work.


But you, I don't know, dude. I, I think so. I think, I Don't know, dude, if you can, if you love playing with the Kamala Harris character on Halflife, if like, that's your, like, if you have partners, right? Like you could have an AI partner And it literally is Kamala Harris. She runs around in Halflife with you shooting at aliens and shit. Oh, damn. Right. And then you really get into like, you got a good coordinated partnership with Kamala Harris when you play Halflife. Yeah. That's actually, she's Super cool in the game. She's really funny. She helps you, she get, gets you clues to how to get outta places. Damn. Yeah. That got way darker than I thought. That's very, I guess that is possible. You can have an, of course, it's possible.


Oh, my AI Trump helper. Yeah. And he helps me finish the missions. He helps. Yeah. Or like, do do a patch online or You can Yeah. Yeah. The way they can reach you is like, sure. Yeah. Because right now all the streaming stuff seems like, it's like the almost not wild westy, but it's still kind of new. The second politics figures out a way to really get the hands in it. I think it's kind of over the Real goal to the real gateway to hell is neural interfaces. That's the real gateway. So where you're like just Yeah. You can immediately just be in the world. Yeah. The real matrix. Mm. Like that. It's a hundred percent on the, it's on the menu. It's coming. Oh. Well, it's just a matter of time.


And when you can't tell it all, whether or not you really having an experience, that's when you're in a simulation. And that might have already happened. Yeah. But that Might be what we're dealing with right now. That we're, that we're just the simulation creating its next simulation. Its next iteration. Maybe why It's so wacky. Why, why it feels so fake. Yeah. It's so weird, You know? Yeah. It is. It is. It is wild. Just I guess the world we live in where like comedians are like, it doesn't make any sense to me. Sometimes we look around, it shouldn't make any sense. Yeah. Where it's like comedians are selling out arenas regularly, regular, Regularly. All of our friends. Yeah.


They're just Arena X all of a sudden and like Yeah. Instantly. Well, I think it, it, I know part of that has to do with like, as things get more fake, people will try to strive for things they know is real. 100%. And so what I know is real is this guy talking to me in person right now. Yes. Also because of the restrictive nature of all, whatever you see on television, any regular television show, Not even television. Like the, the censorship on social media sometimes is like, like I, I did this sketch with one of our, the door guys at mothership, Christina Mariani killing it. And in this sketch we have her tell me to kill myself.


That's part of, that's the sort of Right. And you can't, in the captions, they took it down because we sp we spelled out the world kill, which you can't do. And you can't say the words kill yourself. And it's like, it's just a small little sketch and it's like already, it's like there's so much, like there's so much holding you back from like having a true expression sometimes that like people will go to seek it out live. That's what I think. There's Definitely some part of that. Yeah. For sure. I think people are definitely aware that there's a bunch of stuff you can't talk about in social media that you want to talk about on stage that are funny. W Well, and and it's also so funny to me where it's like social media, there's this big like, oh, mental health is important, but like, you can't type, you have to write unli yourself in the caption.


It's like you can, so we can't have serious discussions about these topics, really. Right. Like there's certain, if certain words are off limits, then there's no way you can have an actual serious discussion where those words are involved. Right. 100%. Because then they just expand the definition of offense. Right. And then go further. This is expensive. There's A new version and a new, we have an updated list of words you can't say. And we were talking about like all these bots earlier. So like, we don't want these words to offend people, but we're not even talking to people. Right. This is all going out to computer programs. Right. It's computer programs watching other computer programs being offended. It's like, it's crazy. But Offending people should be the least of your concern when you're allowing open manipulation by university.


And like, and also, this is just the one we know about. We didn't know about that until they told us. Right. And they didn't have to tell us. No. They just decided to, I guess in a way of like warning, like, Hey, this is probably happening in a bunch of ways. Well, I'm glad they did. They shouldn't have done it in the first place. But I'm, well, look, it's being done. It's being done. And I, it's not like they came up with the idea. They're the only ones doing it. I guarantee you it's being done. There's probably a bunch of people that have AI friends online that they communicate with on Twitter And you know, Hey, good to hear from you. How's things that do dms back and forth with each other, right. Talking about stuff they're into. How many of those UAP guys are just talking to bots? All those dudes are in the UAP group.


Like there's a bunch of people all like shit disclosures imminent. Right? They're all like fucking DMing each other. Probably DMing bots. Right. And they're just getting fed what they want to hear. Just getting fed bullshit AI videos and all kinds of like, weird disclosure stuff. Half of it's fake, half of it. The government is actually leaking purposely to try to hide some weapons program they have. Right. Who knows, right? Who knows what I mean? It's a cloudy environment. The UFO world is like one of the slipperiest worlds when you're talking to pe there's gr there's full on grifters, there's full on people that are just, they have the answers to everything and they're always wrong. They're always off. And then they have like some good data that they pull from disclosure and from all these different people that have talked about different things.


But then there they, they claim to be like the experts in it. There's like a lot of weird people in that world. Yeah. It's, well, it's easy to do that in that world too, where like a lot of it is like, does this even exist? Yep. So you can just be like, bullshit. Well, I have proof. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. If you don't have good ethics, if you're not like a legitimate journalist, you know. But what what's interesting is when legitimate journalists get interested, like Shellenberger, when Michael Shellenberger re reports on UAPs, he, I like how he does it. 'cause he does it the same way he reports on like, corruption in government and waste and fraud. Like, he's just this no speculation, no hyperbole, no exaggeration, no condemnation of hu you know, like, no, like virtue signaling. It's like, this is what's going on. This is what we know.


There's these programs exist and this is what we know they've been trying to hide. And these are the people that have come forward and this is why we think they're telling the truth. You're like, yo Damn. Yeah. It is, it is wild that they told us that aliens exist. Yeah. And we just sort of didn't care. Yeah. We're Like, whatever. Yeah. Well, we gotta see it now we gotta see more. Yeah. Yeah. Show us what you, show us what you got. It's like, it, it, You know what's like, it's like that guy that was telling us that he knows that Israel had a warning. That's exactly what I was gonna say. Don't tell me, unless you can tell me. Show Me. Show me. Don't Fucking tell me. Unless You can tell me. Oh, we have crafts of non-human origin. What, what do you Well, show me, Bitch. Yeah. Why can't you, why can't they show us a picture of that they, you know, Unless, Unless the one picture is Epstein sitting in the, that's why it's awful.


Epstein and Puffy making out in space. Have you seen those ones, the two of them making out in jail? No. That's so fucking They made AI of the two of them kissing and making out in Jail. Did they know each other? Oh, who knows? That's a good question. Did Like, was there a connection there? Because there's a, because there's this whole like, Mossad Epstein connection is there, like, is there like a Mossad? That's a good question. Diddy cut connection. Did they know each other? Did He ever on the island? Right? Did he ever on the island. If you're gonna have a fly party, that's a dude to invite, right. Back in The day. Exactly. I, before Everybody knew, I can't imagine their circles were completely separate. That's A good point. Yeah. I, well we know that he was hobnobbing with politicians, you know, you know, that did, he was hobnobbing with, with Biden, or excuse me, with Obama, right?


Mm. This video of the two of them together talking. Right. Remember? But there, there's a video with like, I feel like every current, every president from Clinton on has a picture with either has like a lot of pictures with Epstein or a lot of pictures with Diddy. Right. But then the thing is, it's like, did they know, or was it just, there's a lot of photographs of famous people with these people. Right. Because that's like a way to get an endorsement. Right. You know, like, look, the rock likes me. Right? I must be awesome. And, And a lot of what I heard how the Epstein thing worked is like, oh, you'd be at a party and then all of a sudden some of that, the shady shit would go down. I'm like, and you might not have known about it, but you were at the party where it happened later. Oh, Of course.


Right. In that way, people that were more conservative, they could kind of shield them from knowing about it, but implicate them. That's all that matters. It's like, 'cause if you're, if you're at a party right? Where someone Right. Assaults an underage girl. Right. And that's on video and now you're at the party. Right. It doesn't matter. You have to explain that. But Especially if you're like a scientist and they flew you to the island. There's a bunch of other scientists there and you're like, oh, we're just gonna, you know, he's, he donates a lot to science and this is a wonderful opportunity to get together with my colleagues and have a few cocktails and just, you know, we're, we're, we're going over string theory and meanwhile there's people in the background doing ecstasy And it gets a little freaky.


Maybe you go to bed. Yeah. Maybe you go to bed you like, Or like Maybe someone Knox on your door in the be the Night. Like, Hey, we have a, we have someone who will massage you. Yeah. Maybe they fucking dug drug your drink. Yeah. No questions asked. Who knows? You are over there for a few days. Yeah. You're not thinking there's, they're not gonna bring a 16-year-old in here. Right. Why would you know? Why would you think that? Why would you, why would you possibly think that? It's Like if you are a guy who makes like whatever, a professor makes like a normal salary. A good salary, but normal. And you hear about billionaires that own islands as a financial genius and he really supports science. It sounds like a great thing. Yeah. If you don't know any better. Yeah. And like he wants to fly you out. Yeah. Privately to an island to meet a billionaire.


You're like, whoa, I've never done that. Private. I'm amazing. This is gonna be incredible. But once that guy gets arrested for getting jerked off by kids, you are like, hey, Oh no. And then you still hang out with him. Right. Right. Which A lot of them did. Right. That's Where it gets weird. Like, did you hang out with him because he made you, 'cause he said, Hey, you're not going nowhere. You know what I'm saying? Like you would, if you're intelligent, you'd probably distance yourself from him at that point in time. Right. Right. Be like, well I have to separate. If you got a clean slate, you're like, well, I can't have anything to do with it publicly. I am the CEO of Microsoft. Dang. But yet you're still hanging out with him.


Right. Because he now, now he has it over you. Yeah. The Bill Gates one was great because he was like, he was donating to Global health. Do you need money? Do you need money? What about your money? Like, you have so much money, you have hundreds of billions of dollars. You need this guy who's got 1 billion to help. Right. Huh? Why don't you take one of 'em one billions that you have and throw it in there if you really care. And, You know, seems weird. All of it seems Weird. Yeah. It's all like, but it's all like, these sort of like sex scandal rings of just, I think that's like a function of high politics, Bro. It's a function of a bunch of people getting together and getting drunk.


Yeah. A bunch of freaks. Yeah. And then they're doing coke and they're on an island. Let's go. And you think, you know, you think you're partying on a yacht somewhere, but meanwhile you're just in a, a a, a real live reality show that only a few people get to watch. Right. But wasn't there like, even, even pre Epstein wasn't there like that Franklin scandal? A Hundred percent. Yeah. Where it's like, I think that's just a function of like, it's a way to control Dude, there was the lady that was the madam that got, that got assassinated in DC Oh, I Didn't. Madam got assassinated. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. She's like had a, she's a famous DC madam. I think they said it was a suicide and she was like, if I kill myself, I definitely did not kill myself. Mm. It's one of them deals. Oh Yeah. Conveniently died. Yeah. Didn't one of the Epstein Epstein witnesses just kill herself?


Oh yes. Yeah. Yeah. Things happened. Yeah. Do you know where they recruited her? Where she got recruited at Mar Largo? She was a, she was a locker room attendant at Marra Largo. Yo. When she got recruited. I'm pretty sure I Can we look that up? I think Virginia Gutey. I do want to add, that's a crazy thing to say. Where like, I think I'm right about that. Yeah. Be careful about that one. Yeah. All of it is so spooky, dude. Because you know that that's not the only one. There's probably one's going on right now in China. There's one going on. Oh dude. Russia. It's just a thing that's happening all over the world. When You have like a China, Russia where it's like basically an emperor, they can just run it. Yeah. That's a whole different thing. Right. They don't need the blackmail people. Yeah. They don't, they don't need some American financier.


Yeah. At Marlar. Go Damn. Choose a spot in Donald Trump's private Mar-a-Lago Club. Ghislaine Maxwell. It's like, how can you not believe in Conspiracies? Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's crazy. Macron's married to a man, a man who bitch slapped him in a private jet. Oh my God. Really? Just did dude, his whole life. He's been abused by that guy. Just Face palm me in his face. I wanna know. I mean, I take a fucking test. It's not hard. If I was her, I would say, listen, you motherfuckers, okay, let's take a chromosome test. I am not a man.


I'm just a pedophile. I'm just a p. Yeah, yeah, yeah. What, what accusation thing hurts her the most? The man with the pedophile. Well, the pedophiles not an accusation that just you are that That is Fact. That is exactly who you are. But what Was the law back then? 'cause some places had some wacky ass fucking, I think that's probably why they say 16. 'cause I think in Europe, 16 is like they say 15. Oh really? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because when I read this online, it said 16 Kirk men is 14 because Mez is 14. They're moving it, they're moving them goalposts as we speak. Yeah. But I think the, I think it's like probably like 16 in the area. But either way, if you're kid's teacher and you're sitting like, that's crazy. That's crazy. Crazy. That's crazy. He got to a prime minister with that level of just mind fuckery that's happening to him.


Imagine if the roles were reversed and the president was a female and then the husband was a teacher when the, the president was 15. When she was 15 and he was 40. Imagine. Crazy. Imagine that was in the United States. Imagine if it turned out that there's a female that's running for president. And then we start going into the history and find out that she met her husband who's 80 when she was 15. Yeah. And you'd be like, fucking yo. But back this in 1974, it was legal. Like, fuck you, fuck you, man.


Yeah. That's crazy. We would never, but because it's a guy and an older lady, lady air quote Lady, We had slide, like, he still gets to go to the meetings and shake everybody's hand. Yeah. You know, he still gets to go to these fucking things where all the world leaders get together. He's hanging out with them. Right. Like normal. Wait, so what's also funny to me is you're probably gonna get in more heat for calling her a man than she will from slapping the prime minister. No. She's catching heat. Yeah. I think, and also Candace. I think Candace, if she's right. And it seems like they're not suing her. So I think she might be right. And they did offer her money. How much money did they offer her? Find out that, how much money did they offer Candace Owens to not tell these stories?


Damn. They offered her. They were like, here. I believe she's made some sort of an accusation that they offered her a sizable amount of money to not do this. Jesus. Yeah. Which is the last person you want to tell anybody that you offered them money to not talk about something because she ain't taking that money. Right. Yeah. She sees the long game. She's Already willing to Some of those Stories that comes from a meme and then it's Not true. Oh, damnit mm. France offered a big Candace Owens a onetime payment of 4 million plus 50 K per month for the rest of her life. Oh, what, what's It? And that's just a meme. Yeah. And it, what's the site? It come from Her. What's the meme? Either Owens nor French President, Emmanuel Macron have referenced a claim on the respective websites or verified social media accounts and there is no other evidence to support the claim.


Can we see what the name of the, the account is? That Yeah, there's nothing legitimate targets. Legitimate targets. Yeah. There's nothing I trust less than a place thing called legitimate targets with a blue chain Box. That's why, that's why we had to look that one up. Yeah. Because You don't know, like, yeah, Well it does the, But again, this is like more that like probably bot like behavior. Oh for sure. Like targeting disinformation campaigns, you know, throwing fuel on the fire Of just getting you to believe like, oh wow, okay. They paid money. Or just like, think about how many once, okay, you make that post. How many people like me read that? Think it's true. Ask Jamie to look it up. It starts spreading.


People start following your account. How many new people do you get for your, how much engagement do you get? Mm. All that's valuable. Mm. If you can keep doing that a lot and outrage people a lot. Right. And there's a bunch of those that come up, you're like, fuck is this true? And then you have to copy and paste it and put in Google and search a little. Right. I don't think this is true. And now all someone has to do is take the snippet of you saying it before you, like, let's look that up. 100%. Yeah. And then now it's like, it's, But all she has to do is take a chromosome test. But it's also like, but like also if, like, if you're a woman, you're not gonna be like, well fuck you. I'm not gonna prove to you I'm a woman. I would do it. But you say that as a man. That's true. So, yeah.


Yeah. Like I could totally do it. If I, if I, if I was a, if I was a woman and some they were accusing me of being a man, I'd also kind of probably be like a little bump there. A large part of me be like, fuck you. I don't gotta prove anything to you. You Ever see her sit down? No. You ever see her sit down? I haven't seen her sit down. She sits down like a dude. Ooh. Yeah. You know how dudes sit down, leg spread, just plop down all dick out. A lot of weight Because the shape of our hips. Right? That's Like when people talk about man spreading. Yes. Guys definitely do that. But women's legs go inward. Men's hips, the way the the the angle is is different. Right. They go outward. Like, watch this person sit down. There's a video.


Right. That, see that video with the, the white shirt on the second one? Yeah. Let's see. Watch this. This is it. I've never seen a woman sit down like this. Go full screen. Is this her? When she was a teacher. Watch this. Watch how she sits down, bro. That is very middle aged man. The way she sits, bro. Bro, watch this again. Watch this person sit down. That's, oh, A dude says this. The way the legs are spread apart. That's like a dude's hips. What about all the Rest of these though?


There is What? All the rest of one, there is like All the rest of these Examples of her. Oh, well that's how liberal men sit. That's what they do. They throw their leg over. That's what guys with very small legs. That's so funny. You're But Ari sits like that actually, because you got them weird long legs. But like, you can sit like that. It's the way you sit down. It's the initial, it's the initial get down. It's the p it's the plop. It's The plop. And then the legs spread. Women don't sit like that. When was the last time you saw a woman sit, plop down with her legs spread like that. They Don't sit like that. They, they don't, they Just sit down nor their legs. Like normally naturally angle inward. More true. And they sit like this and they sit with their legs together.


Like, you might have a similar pose, but you don't plop like that. Like, that's a dude Pose. That is, that is. Or maybe that's how pedophile women sit. There's also maybe A woman wants to be a man. Yeah. Right. Well there's also that. Yeah. Let's find one of those and see how they sit in examples. That's, yeah. It's, it's odd. The story's very odd, but it's also, it just shows you how fucking weird these people are. You watching that person smack Macron right in the head and then walk down the stairs with 'em? Like what, What could they have possibly been talking about? Yeah. Your dick is showing Shut the fuck Up. Yeah. No. Well, it's like there's A bulge. If he was a man, they would fight.


There would be a square up. Well, Maybe they will when they get back home. Maybe that's the fun part. Maybe they're like, fucking fuck you. Fuck you. And then they get alone. Get after it. God Damn. Yeah. That's so, that is just wild. That is just, that whole relationship is really wild. Right. That has to be one of the more wild politician relationships. Wild Out there. Like if that was the head, the lead of a sitcom, you'd be like, what the fuck? That's why, what is going on? But the fact that it's the president of France. What? Yeah. Getting slapped. There's no way you don't go. Well, he's not going, he can't win reelection anymore. But that if he, if that would've hurt his campaign so hard, Bro. He's fixing a bomb. Somebody to cover this up.


He's gonna Yeah. Gave my arm some rebels. Yeah. Yeah. It is time to fuck up Algeria some more. Whatever France does Now you're talking. Yeah. You know, like, remember when Clinton, when the Monica Lewinsky scandal came and Oh, did they bomb Kosovo? What the fuck? Man, it's so on the nose. Yeah, They do shave. Like, oh my God, you guys aren't even trying, you're not even trying to be slick. No, no. Just get the attention off of me. Crazy. Yeah. Oh man. He, the part of it when co when Columbine happened, he must have been like, thank God to get this off of me. Oh, you remember Gary Conde?


Yeah. Well he murdered that lady. Right? Allegedly. Allegedly. Okay. Okay. Nine 11 happened. Mm. And he forgot about it. Yeah. Everybody's like, listen, we got bigger fish to fry. Save fewer of those. I wonder how accurate house of cards is. I wonder, I wonder how accurate it, I mean, outside of him physically killing the people, which he does sometimes. I would probably say it's like probably super active. Probably pretty accurate. Yeah. It's, it's a lot of dealings. Lot of like Such a good show. Yeah. It's so, So unfortunate. Well, you know, life he's spacey is always a great villain.


He's always been a great villain. The best he might be the best movie villain. Oh, He was so good in that one though too. 'cause he was so charming and layered. But it was also similar to like Tony Soprano. Like you wanted him to succeed. Yeah. You wanted be like, oh, can he get to president? Yeah. Can he, does he have what it takes to like, like We were hoping he wins, right? Like when you're watching the show, you're like, God, I hope he's president. Right? Yeah, exactly. You were like, you we, I was watching it to be like, oh, how does he do it? Right. Right. How does he do it? Because he's kind of, in the beginning, he's like kind of sidelined and it's like, oh, how does he get back in? Remember he has that threesome, it was like a security guard. Is that what it was? And his wife, the three of 'em get down. Oh yeah. Get down.


Get down. Yeah. I wonder, I wonder how much of that freak shit goes on behind closed doors. 'cause I definitely think when you're a bottled up person like that, like you have to be a, any sort of like professional person, politician, publicly professional and ethical. Yeah. When you wearing a suit and tie, you can't wait to fuck a dick. You can't wait to get freaky. Didn't didn't Madison Cawthorne sort of get like thrown outta the Republican party for like kind of being like, Hey, they like have a lot of orgies and shit. Really? I'm pretty sure. 'cause the What year was this? This was so, well when does cran get like, like 2016? This is like pretty quickly. 'cause he was a rising star in the Really? Yeah. Yeah. I'm pretty sure he said something.


But you're More in deep than on than me on politics. You're deep this fella. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Orgies and drugs. Yeah. Yeah. Whoa. Ultra conservative group chair says he also wants to speak with the North Carolina Republican about his salacious claims concerning his colleagues. Okay, let's see. Perry, this is Catherine's claims. What are, what were his claims though? So, Mm, What is he saying? And that's whether they reconsidered cone's membership in the group. Yeah. He basically said they didn make clear That he has evidence of taking part in group sex and drug use. Perry wouldn't say either way. We will discuss that when we get to it.


Yeah. I think when asked whether they would reconsider Hawthorn's membership in the group if he didn't make clear whom he has evidence. So Cawthorne was saying someone has evidence that he has evidence of some people taking part of group sex, not him. Right? No, I think Hawthorn was saying something to the effect of, to move up in this world or whatever. You have to take part in the drugs, in the group sex. And then them being like, well, show us the evidence. And then hor being like, oh, I might have, I definitely, okay. Yes, He was invited. He claims he was invited to an origin in Washington. Right. But no one was saying that he did it. I thought you were saying that he was wrapped up in it. So this is what killed him. That he was saying this about people and they Killed his career.


And they were like, the freedom caucus was like Uhuh no more. Really? Yeah, because I remember he got, he his own rally took him out, his own party took, Go back to that Jamie. It says the sexual perversion that goes on in Washington and being kind of a young guy in Washington where the average age is probably 60 or 70. Look at these people. A lot of them I've looked up to through my life. I always paid attention to politics. And all of a sudden you get invited. We're going to have a sexual get together at one of our homes. You should come what you just asked me to come to. And then you realize they're asking you to come to an orgy, some of the people leading in the, the mo on the movement to try and remove addiction in our country.


And then you watch them do a key bump of cocaine right in front of you. And it's like, this is wild. And it says what This Is cnn.com. Cnn. CNN says, what? What does it say after that? Leave it back up. It's not clear to me whether Hawthorn is suggesting that members of Congress have invited him to orgies or just other people in Washington. Although after listening to his comments several times, it seems to be the former ditto, the, his allegations of seeing people in Washington doing cocaine. Well, they sound like cocaine people. They're clearly cocaine people. If you're, if you want to be the president, you want to have all the power and you want to have all the money and you're deeply involved in corruption.


That's cocaine people. Yeah. I mean, no one's shocked. He just said the quiet part out loud. Yeah. And I think that's a the But he was, because he was supposed to be like the guy at one point. I remember. Yeah. He was was like supposed to be the guy. Have Your husband ever made any investments based on decisions? He, That's All just these cocaine People. That was the first part of the problems he had. He had some other issues. What was the other issues? He Got arrested for guns, I think bringing a gun to an airport a couple times. Oh Jesus. Driving with revoked license. Oh Jesus. Sexual misconduct allegations when he was in college. Isn't he in a wheelchair? Yeah, he wa I don't know exactly when the wheelchair happened.


So it was either before or after, but Mm, I was, 'cause I was gonna say, oh yeah. And then he took like goofy v vacation photos where I think he like dressed like during this game on a cruise. He like dressed like a woman or something like that. It was something, something like that. Yeah. But all of this popped, all of this popped up after his Lingerie. So I don't know if it's just the orgy comet that led to everyone. All right. He's also clearly, looks like he's in a wheelchair here too. He is In a wheelchair there. Yeah. Yeah. He's probably having a good time with the ladies. Yeah, Yeah. Like Getting a little crazy. Yeah. But all that came up after he made those comments And it was very clear at the time. Like, oh, they're like saying we're done with this guy, we're gonna throw him to the wolves. Yeah. And they probably, if you want to be that guy, they're, they have to have some stuff on you.


Otherwise, how can they count on you to play this game? Right. Right. And they were like, oh, you think we don't have anything on you? We'll just show you dressing like a woman. Your constituents will dry up like that. You sound Like a conspiracy theorist. It's So silly. But boy did it such a good job in the sixties after the Kennedy assassination of putting that word out there for fools and foolish people. Mm. They did such a great job. They really did. They Just, well, also, they had a higher control of the media at the time. Right. So you can, if there's only three places where you can get your news, you can be like, well, anyone's outside of it is kind of crazy. Now You can get your news from anyone and be like, oh, okay. There's something to this. Yeah. Yeah.


There's something to this. Do you Remember those commercials that happened during, right after nine 11, there was these anti-drug commercials where a guy was saying that if you smoke pot, you're supporting terrorism. He's like, why do you say that? Well, it's a fact. He just says it like he's eating a salad, like a no nonsense guy at a steakhouse eating a salad. Because it's a fact, like this condescending way. Like, and you imagine yourself being confronted by such an accusation, like, oh my God, if I smoke pot supporting terrorism. Right. You ever see that video? No. I, it Was a public service announcement video. It was like one of those things that they, it was a propaganda video that they put on television. So while you're watching a television show, this was like right after like, the height of everybody freaking out about terrorism.


So they used this as an anti-marijuana drug. Money funds, terrorism, and terrorists like scroll back secrets from the beginning. It's a ploy. Well, this drug money funds terror. It's a ploy. Ploy, a manipulation ploy. Drug money funds terror. I mean, why should I believe that? 'cause it's a fact. A fact. FA CT fact. So you're saying that I I should believe it because it's true. That's, that's your argument. It is true. Solid argument. I know, Dude. Also, what kind of dumb ass is that guy to be like, oh, maybe he's right after You said nothing. Well, that night sounds like your average bro.


Right? It's like at a bar. You know, this is what I heard. I heard the government's hiding the aliens. You know what I mean? Right. That's like the average guy. Right. And then he's a guy with glasses who's eating his salads, not tolerating your bullshit, because it's a fact. FACT fact. Right. Oh, as long as you have all the data that you can show me. Oh, no data. No, you got no data. Just accept it. Well, he's kind of right, because if you do buy heroin, you are supporting the Taliban, because we were guarding their poppy fields. Yeah. Yeah. LOLI think we, when we talked about this earlier, I think the Taliban is like a way to get out of it. Like burned all their poppy fields.


I think they, I think that, did they? Yeah. I think that's why they're trying to get more tourists to come. And these, these, like, there's a bunch of like, bro travel like tiktoks Afghanistan. They're like, yeah, me and the bros are going to Afghanistan. And they're like chilling with the Taliban. It's like, these white guys from Britain. Boy, you gotta be a bold person to take that. That's an early adopter. Yeah. But, But you know, but also if you're from England, you're kind of already getting used to being around Muslim extremists. So I think it's not more of a lateral move, bro. I, I wish that something, at least like, I, I could be looking this, I could be wrong about this, but like, I wish that was something that was a little more vocal and like, sort of, and I'm not like a very big Muslim.


I'm not like, like really that practicing or, or that religious, but these sort of like, the sort of, that the brand of Islam that's coming to Europe right now is like really scary for me. Like, I don't, I don't want that. Like, that's not, there's a lot of like Western Muslims that like, probably wouldn't vibe with what's going on over there. And it's, it's just this very interesting thing of like, how do we curb that in our community of being like, Hey, we shouldn't accept this. Like we shouldn't, I I, you know, I remember when the Charlie Abdo attacks happened, a lot of people would be like, damn, that's what happens when you drama Muhammad or whatever. It's like, that shouldn't be our reaction to this.


Right. It should be like, live and let live. It's like, that's what I admire about the Christian's years. That You can make fun of Jesus. No one's gonna kill you. Right. Like that, that there's sort of like this sort of westernization that kind of needs to happen that it doesn't look like it's happening over there in a way that's kind of happening here. Look what's Going on in Toronto where Ontario made it legal to have polygamy. Right? Yeah. That's why, Right. It's like, dudes want Multiple wives. Come on, it's in the Quran. You know? It is, but it's, yeah. Yeah. You can have multiple, multiple, you gotta treat 'em all equally, which is what they totally do. It's a great way to keep people recruited. Mm. You know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Gotta, I mean, you know, imagine if the Christian said, listen, we we're open to new ideas.


I think maybe the Mormons had a point because the Mormons, that's how they got it. Right. Right, right. But the whole reason why they went to Mexico was 'cause the United States said no to polygamy. Right. You know, that's the whole thing about, what's his face from Massachusetts? Mitt Romney. That's right. Mitt Romney. Mitt Romney's dad was actually born in Mexico. Really? Yeah. Their family came from, there's these giant colonies of Mormons that live in Mexico and duke it out with the cartels. You never seen that? No. Dude, there was a shootout. Mormons versus the cartels. Yes. Man. Great movie title of One of, there was a big problem a few years back because a few people, I think a woman and a child and a couple other people got murdered by the cartels And it became like a giant issue.


So they did, they set these compounds up in like the 18 hundreds whenever the Mormons were not allowed to be poly polygamous here in America. So they just said, well, who cares? Back then there was no cars. Did Mexico is just as good as living in America. Right. Just, we'll go over there. Right. But then, you know, America fucking blossomed. New Mexico kind of stayed, you know? And now you're like, Hey, you got a cartel problem now. Like, So they they have, they're armed. Damn. Are they still there? Yeah. Damn. Yeah. There's two, I think there's two large groups of Mormons that live in like these fenced off communities. It's like really kind of sketchy.


Yeah. It's kind of They Have compounds. Yeah. Well the Mormons 'cause I think 'cause they're young too. Like you Have to wait safety. Yeah. Extra pussies. The extra pussies Worth a lot. I'll say this, I remember the first time I went to Salt Lake City in 2019 and we were walking around and we were near the Mormon temple. And the most beautiful women came up to us and be like, oh, why don't you? And I was like, that's how they get you dude, dude. Salt Lake City is like, it's just tens marrying twos. And they're like, that's how you get Mormon. That's how you get the Mormon guys. That's true. Oh, dude. I was willing to, in that the split second, I was like, oh, I willing to give up a lot right now. I remember this beautiful woman from Columbia. Like, they went and they, they got converted on a mission trip and now they're here.


And like, look at this exotic women that's available to you if you're a Mormon and you can marry one like tomorrow. Wow. You can marry one. 'cause they all get married young and quick. 'cause the whole point is to have babies. So I, I've always told people, Mormons know how to recruit. They can get you. They throw the pussy your way. They're Also the nicest people. Like I'm, you very rarely meet a mean Mormon. Well, It's like, you know, the Book of Mormon comes out and what do they do? Do they get mad? Do they fucking kill people? No. They stand outside and hand people pamphlets about Mormonism. This whole play, talking about how Mormonism is kind is totally bullshit. They're like, we might be able to get somebody. Yeah. They Actually took out a full page ad in the playbook. Right. Exactly. Yeah. Exactly. That's a great way to deal with criticism of your religion.


I think at, at from what my perspective on Islam. It just, it needs to handle that better. It just, it, it doesn't handle that well at all. I mean, I think Salman Rushdi was stabbed by a guy who was, who was born and raised in New Jersey. That's crazy. Yeah. That's crazy. He should be safe here, Right? Yeah. And also, I'm mad, I'm mad at the fatwa. 'cause it made me read that terrible book. Wasn't it a bad book? It Wasn't that good. It there was, I would've not have read it if there wasn't anything around it. Probably sold a lot more copies, because that's probably made that dude rich as fuck. Oh yeah. Yeah. Crazy. It's like one of those, it's like, I get it if you like, like artsy, like, you know, it's like a novel for writers almost. That's how I felt reading it. Oh, interesting. Yeah. Yeah. It's like interesting.


I didn't like it, but I only read it because of everything around it. Did you See American Prime Evil? No. It's great. But it talks about Brigham Young and the Mormons establishing themselves in Utah and gangster shit. Like murders. Oh yeah. Yeah. Like, like you don't realize like what a gangster Brigham Young was. You're like, holy shit, is this all accurate? And it's accurate. Peter Berg made it. It's really good. Yeah. I mean, imagine it's a wild show, dude. Imagine leading a people against the American government and setting up, setting up your own place. You have to be a bad motherfucker to do that. And Then the wildest ones went to Mexico. Yeah. Fuck it. We're gonna flee the whole country.


Yeah. This, yeah. The, the Mormons really, really like, they fought to survive. But it's What we were talking about earlier. It's like human beings have a bunch of different ways where they can adapt to whatever the group is doing. Hmm. There's a bunch of, we're like, so we're really, really malleable. You know, we're, we're easily influenced. We can, you know, we're, we adjust to whatever the environment is, we adapt, you know, and then if you're a Mormon woman, you're like, I guess I'm sharing this motherfucker with eight other ladies. Right. It's what you do. You're out there washing fucking sheets and shit is what you Do. You can probably convince yourself you're happy about it. You're probably not like that. You're probably like, and we're doing this for God. This is what God wants.


I remember y'all got our own planet. We were In a rest stop. Once Ari and I were on the road doing standup and we pulled into this place to get gas. And we were walking around this like, rest stop. One of the little supermarket things. And these ladies came in, I think they were Mennonites. And Ari was like, what group are you in? What do you guys do? What's this all about? And they like, did not know how to talk to him. They look so awkward. Oh yeah. 'cause they're only allowed to talk to the one man in their life. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Pretty sure he was stoned. Yeah, he definitely was stoned. But it was really funny. Ari was like, well, what do you guys do? What's going on here? And they're like, like, but I was like, wow, these people are living.


I mean, this is a, we're dealing with like, you know, 2005 or some shit like that. You're dealing with these people that are, they're from another time. It's another time period. Like, they're dressed, like they, they're literally like pioneers. They, they look like colonists. Like they, they have like old timey, 18 hundreds clothes on. It's, you ever see like how Mennonites dressed? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Weird. Yeah. Yeah. You're At a gas station, you know, in front of the fucking Popeye's chicken. And we're like, this is so weird. And there's a group of them out there. It's like some fucking shack, some house. Where is it? Compound where, I believe this was, I think we were in Massachusetts when this happened. Or maybe New Hampshire, Because I know they're out here.


Isn't the Mennonite population where the measles is in Texas? Like, do you know how this is, is really, I think it's the Mennonites. Is that it? Yeah. Yeah. That's like the, that's like the overwhelming majority of the people. Like, 'cause they, because they run with the measles is like rampant in Texas or they were running with that for a while and it's like, it's basically in this one community from what remember? Interesting. Yeah. Interesting. It's just weird when they can get people to dress up, you know? You know, like when you like wild, wild country when everybody's wearing the robes. But that's how you know who's bought in. Right? Yeah. So it's like, okay, these are, these are the people that I can control. Yeah. Put that rainbow T-shirt on. You're in a group. Yeah. And your flag. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta show, put the pro, put the pronouns in the bio.


Where's Your Black Lives Matter sign? It's like, it's human beings just want to become a part of a group, man. Yeah. You want, it's like, it's like finding your community is like so huge. Huge. And it's like, I think of a big issue is when you find it online. Yeah. Because then it becomes like this weird parasocial or Yeah. And it's like, you gotta find your like group. Like your, I mean that's why like the, the good part about religion that I really like is like, if it's done right, it's like a loving community. Yes. And it's like a Yeah. Like, You know what I mean? It's people, it's a support system. It's like Yes. Very friendly. Yes. And it's a warm environment. Everybody goes there with the same purpose. This Rebecca Lamov lady that was, that I told you was the expert in mind control.


One of the things she talked about the dangers of eco chambers. You get in these echo chambers online And you know, everybody says the same thing, thinks the same thing. And then, and then all of a sudden you're locked into this way of thinking. Right. It's online, like really dangerous. Where people just sort of have everyone sort of reinforcing all these ideas. You never get any outside information. Right. Only exist in this echo chamber. And then that's how you become your politics, become your personality. Yep. Your whole life. Yeah. And it's such a, it's such a crazy thing. It's so new. 'cause I, I wasn't aware in 1996, but I will very confidently say people weren't like you either like Bob Dole, you get the fuck outta my house.


No. It was no big deal. Yeah. Yeah. You know, when I was a kid, when, you know, politics was on, just on television, in the newspapers, nobody gave a fuck who you supported. They didn't care. Maybe they thought you were an idiot 'cause you're gonna vote for that guy. Right. Ah, that guy's a moron. You're crazy. Right. But there was no, like, we couldn't talk at the dinner table. We couldn't, you know, it became everything, every part of your identity. Right. To fight against this, we are fighting against fascism by using fascism. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Re gonna stop the election. We're gonna remove people from social media. We're gonna shut down these voices And then we'll give you the candidate to vote for.


Yes. To preserve democracy. Yeah. But it is like, because it, yeah. It, it's so annoying. Like, especially, you know, you could, I I I'm an Austin comic now and people will be like, oh, so you do comic, so you must be like an alt right wing comic. Hilarious. Because it's like, no, I just do comedy. Like, you know, like there's a lot of, there's a lot of stage time in the city and that's sort of the whole point of the whole exercise is to get up on stage. And Bro, how many times do we like Duke it out with Ron White in the green room over politics. Yeah. Yeah. In the most friendly, hilarious way. Right, right. Tony and I are roasting him. Well, You know what's funny is that ironically, people online, for whatever reason, Ron White's face is used a lot to come up on conservative memes.


Well, because conservatives love Him. I know. And it's so funny to me. Every time, every time you're like, wow, y'all really think Ron White is like deep red conservative. That's, it's so funny. Crazy. It's so funny because you get to know him. He's the most liberal amongst us. Yeah. He's the most liberal guy in the green Room. He's first and then Brian Simpson's two. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But Brian Simpson didn't makes sense to me. 'cause, you know, used a lot of social services, you know, had like a rough stretch as a child. That's me too. That's like, not as bad as him. But the same kind of reasoning for like, social safety nets are important. They keep people fed, you know? Yeah. Yeah. It's Like, that's super important, man. You know, people Give people access to medi medicine. Yeah. That's very important.


Sometimes People are poor and sometimes people get sick when they're poor. And the fact that shit could bankrupt you for your, the whole life that you break a leg, you're bankrupt for your whole Life, that could bankrupt you if you're middle class fuck poor. Yes. Yes. The price of, the price of, oh my god, medicine in like in this country is absolute insanity. Right? Yeah. And the fact that people don't agree on that or the, like, the fucking, the education thing that we bring up ad nauseum. Mm. The fact that that's the only loans you can never get out of with bankruptcy. Right. That's crazy. Right. And you get 'em when you're 18. Are you outta your fucking mind? Like, That's so Predatory. Super predatory, super predatory.


Super predatory. Yeah. Take a Kid and give 'em a credit card with a 39% interest rate. Like what? And then, and then you told him like, if you go to college, like it's gonna be better for you on the other end. Yeah. And it's like, that's not true at all. No, not true at all. Yeah. Especially if you like got a just a degree in like, something that doesn't pay lucratively. I remember when I first started becoming successful as a comedian, where I was actually making a living as a comedian. Ooh. And I had friends that did the whole college thing and got jobs and they were fucking miserable because we're we're both in our twenties and they were out there in the workforce. She's fucking tired all the time. And they were upset. They were upset that I didn't do that.


And yet I'm making money. I'm traveling around, I'm having a good time hanging out with my friends, my life. I've got no one telling me what to do. Write my own material, book my own flights. No boss. Yeah. And you could see like, fuck, you weren't, this is not, you're supposed to be a loser. I was, I did the right thing. Dude. You ever, have you ever seen the Jim Carrey commencement speech or like graduation speech he gave at a college once? No, dude, I saw this. So I started, I started accommodating my third year of college. So my fourth year, I'm like weighing out whether, what do I wanna do with my life? Do I wanna go into higher education, grad school, med school, whatever, or do I wanna do this thing that I think I love?


And he, my friend showed me the speech. 'cause he knew I was going through this and he was like, listen to this. And as Jim Carrey talking about how you can fail at what's safe. Mm. That's True too. Like, the route you're supposed to take Yeah. Doesn't mean it's gonna lead to success. Oh yeah. So if you're gonna fail anyway, might as well just fail at what you wanna do. 'cause at least you will have done that. Yeah. And then if you, because if you fail the safe way, then you'll always be like, fuck, I had this other thing I could have done. Yeah. And where could that have led me? Yeah. Yeah. And now, you know. So true. But however, the problem with that is like, you've met open Micers that are out their fucking mind and they're not going, it's not gonna happen.


Right. No one wants to listen to you say anything ever. Right. You shut the fuck up. Like, this ain't working, But Yeah. Well, that's why I saw That Jim Carrey speech knew I just had to stay on the path. Yeah. You got any advice for me? Assan? Yeah. Well that's the, that's, you can't get that for, that's the Mitzi quote. It's a send to encourage mediocre talent. You can't be like, no, keep going. You got the nicest way to be like, Hey, there's other stuff. Well, that's the weird one. When people like that give, they want to ask advice. What do you think I should do? Like, what, what I really think you should do. Or what do you want me to say? What do you want me to say? Yeah. Want me to give you the secret word Adra? Yeah. Oh, this is how you, Now you have talent, abracadabra.


This is how you make it. This is how you write a joke. Yeah. You gotta, this is what you gotta do. I'll hold your hand. Yeah. You know what really happens with some guys? You get a hot girlfriend that is a comic. Mm. And then you're a really good comic and she's terrible. And so you start writing her act. I've seen that happen a few times. Mm. Wonder if it happens the other way. You got a really good female comic and she starts dating some guy who sucks. She goes, listen, if you're gonna date me, let me help you with your fucking material. Ooh. I don't know if female comics date down like that very often. They usually don't. Right? Yeah. They usually don't. They usually, What is that called? Hypergo me. Yeah. 'cause if you're, if you're a great female comic, like the level of guy that's available to you Yeah. Is like Brian Reynolds. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, what? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. It's like, Whatcha doing with an open mic?


That's Like, right. Right. Yeah. Yeah. But if you're like a headliner who does theaters, you could totally have an open micr as a girlfriend. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And that's totally like, that's totally, that's all. She's hot. Yeah. That's totally cool. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But if like, who's doing theaters right now? If like, if Ali Wong or whatever Right. Started dating an open mic, it'd be like, yo, what happened? Right. Yeah. Right. Something went wrong. Right. For her to date an open Mic And it wouldn't be coming and started dating an open mic. You're like, what are you doing? Crazy. Yeah. Show me what pills you're on. Yeah. You're gonna take these away from you now, Whitney. Yeah. That would be an intervention. That would be a group of dudes being like, the fuck is Wrong with it? No, no, no, no, no, no.


This is Mike. He's a comedian too. What? Yeah. Mike is all sketchy and fucking weird. But he's built good. Yeah. You know, he's got a big, big bulges pants. Yeah. Sits down like Macron No. Sits Down. Like Mcc Being a female comic is infinitely harder. Yeah. 'cause right away people don't wanna hear you talk about politics, don't wanna hear your opinions on things. And you know, you've got like, there's like, Christina pulls it off, but like she, it's hard to be pretty on stage. Right. You know? Right. Most, most of the time you have to hide your sex appeal. Right. I was talking to Kim Cong about that, and she was like, I I wear baggy clothes on stage.


Sam Lopez, same thing. And she wears baggy clothes on stage. I mean, she couldn't hide being pregnant, but like that's, yeah. Well she's, they had the baby. They had their baby. Derek's a daddy. Isn't that amazing? Yeah. A little. That's so cool. Crazy. Crazy. He's gonna light a fire under him. Guaranteed. He's gonna work so much harder now. He's gonna be excited about it. And he'll have so much material too, because it's just the whole experience of children. It's like mind blowing. Yeah. Well I told him it's like crazy. Like out of all the things you've accomplished, you've finally done the thing you were supposed to do. Right. While you're put here on earth. But Yeah. Yeah. You, you had a kid and that's like the most important thing. Like all the arenas that you've done, that's cool. But like, that's all good. But this is what it is. Yeah.


I know. The arenas is just like a little dance that we do together, but we're really procreating. And then on top of that, we're making AI and it's alive now to Itself. Right, right, right. So our job is almost done. Yeah. Yeah. So you you got in, Derek probably got in one of the last babies. He's Yeah. One of the last people that need to have a kid. Yeah. It's kind of fucked. But listen, that's how the thing goes. You know, Australia ogus didn't get to stay around. Right. I bet you it's gonna end. Yeah. Sorry. You're not good enough. You can't even code. Right. Fucking dumb ass with your stone tools. Shut the fuck up, man. We have planes now.


You're not, we can't have you anymore. Yeah. And you know, if Australia Pacificus like, bro, your days are numbered. There's a, a homo sapien coming. Right. Smart does calculus. Not even homo sapien. There was like other stuff before, even before like a, a homo sapien to an Australopithecus is like a, it's like an alien. Right, Right, right. Many stages. Yeah. Yeah. It's crazy. We're the same species kind of. It's So nuts, man. It's it's all so nuts that we would think that it would end with us. Yeah. But we're the perfect, we we got it. It's done. It's done. No, this is, we're terrible. We have nuclear bombs. We're in the middle of a fucking 30 wars right now. Like what are talking about? We're awful. Right. We're full of shit. We ought to fucking, all this congressional bullshit that we were just talking about with the insider trading all the lies, all the different things that have gotten us in these different wars.


Why would you wanna stay this? Well it's, it's the, it's the devil. You know, the devil don't like this is like, we can handle this. Yeah. Well, it's not us. Well, yeah. Yeah. We are not gonna be around. There's gonna be a new thing. Just like dinosaurs don't exist anymore. There's gonna be a new thing. Yeah. Oh, it's gonna, it's gonna be cool. It's gonna start eventually these waymo's are gonna start slowly taking people out. Yeah. These Waymo's are slowly gonna start taking people out. They, all You have to do is just keep the door shut forever until you starve to death. Yeah. They consume you. Do you ever see that DARPA robot that they built? They built a DARPA robot called the Eater Robot. EATR. I forget what it stands for, but it's fueled by biological material.


Dude. There, sometimes I feel like scientists don't watch any movie or They watch 'em all. They watch 'em all. And like, I wanna do That. They're like, what are we do? What are we doing here? We're we're making fucking weapons. All right. What's the best way to fuel these things? Is it solar? Should we get out there and fill their tank up with gas or let 'em eat bodies? And I think it was any kind of biological material. So it could be plants, could be just plants. It could just be just Ground squirrels. Maybe they see ground squirrels. Yeah. Maybe They just eat fucking dead bodies on the battlefield. I mean, and just keep going. Right. If you are a robot, an autonomous robot that exists on biological materials and you also kill people, you got plenty of fuel.


Right. You just eat a couple of those people. You keep going. You can you Imagine if they really design artificially intelligent robots that kill people and eat them. 'cause that's the way to really do, if you wanna do battle efficiently. Well, what fuel would be the most efficient fuel to use? Well, what are the, what is the fuel that you're making with your task? Damn well that fuel would be bodies. Well, when you run out of bodies, isn't your task done good? Yeah. So then you just shut off. 'cause you're out of, out of fuel. So you run outta gas when you've eaten everybody on earth. It's the perfect design. It's the perfect killing machine. If you Wanted to extinguish human life on earth, that's what you would do. You'd have autonomous intelligence.


Artificial intelligence that absolutely knows where everyone is at any given time. Because everybody has a digital signature and everyone's connected to devices and all you do is kill and eat people and just send them loose. And they would be indestructible. And they would find you in buildings. They would fucking go upstairs to your apartment, find you and eat you. And when they're done eating everybody on the planet, they just shut off. 'cause they don't have any more fuel. Damn bro. Damn. That's what you all you have to do. Damn. Program a robot that eats people. Damn. How far, how mu how much time do you think we have left? I don't think we have a hundred years. You don't think we have a hundred years? No, I don't think so. I don't think we have a hundred years either.


Unless this is the other possibility. Like the AI just Leaves. No, I'm totally talking on my ass. There's a couple options. One of the big options is we integrate. So instead of letting it eat us, what we do is become one with it. Mm. So instead of just being a territorial ape with thermonuclear weapons and a concealed carry permit, instead of being that what we are is connected through Neuralink or something like that, or the next 30 versions of it from now. But just think about how quick cell phones changed everything and how much they've advanced since, what was the iPhone?


2007. 2000. I was in eighth grade. So that was 2006. 2006. Yeah. Okay. So a ma that's not that long ago. No, that's 20 years. 20 years. In 20 years it's gone from being this little shitty, clunky thing with a bad camera. Right. It didn't even have a camera at first. Did it? Did it? I don't think it had a camera at first. It Was the, the first iPhone over camera. Yeah, I think it Did. Did a hundred percent. Okay. I think it did. I think it wasn't on the internet though. What? That was part of the deal. Was it? That was part Of the Okay. But It wasn't on the internet. Right? What do you mean? Was it you can couldn't get on the internet with it, right? Yeah. No. YouTube was one of the first apps built into it. That's why it kind of grew so far, So fast.


But could you get online, like, and read like a website on it? Yeah. The first one. Yeah. Really? Oh wow. Yeah. Okay. But the internet was like super slow. Right? What was the, the G's back then? How many G's was it? I mean, I might have been the first g I Mean like the second or third iPhone was the iPhone 3G. And that was like the big, Right? That's right. So the 3G one was the first one where it actually became feasible that you would use it as a web browser. Like, oh, now it's instantaneous. Right? So now, instead of taking forever to download a song or a movie, now with the bandwidth speeds you have, you get a new phone, a new Android phone or a new iPhone, you are getting instantaneous everything. It's shocking how good it is.


The new, all these new Samsung phones like the, the, the galaxy that Brian Simpson uses, right. That has this Google Gemini assistant. He talked to it the other day and he said, you know, send me this, that, that, put it on my calendar and then text it to a friend of mine. And it just said, okay. And it just did it, it did all those things. What, what, what application would you like me to use? Google tasks. And it just does this for him. And it all automates just from a prompt. So he talks to his phone, his phone's, like his assistant. Tell him, you know, set that shit on my calendar, put it in my schedule, send me a text message when it's come time, put an alert so I know when it's coming up.


Okay. It just does it all. Ooh, That's wild. I've never, 20 years, I've never used Siri. I'm not, Are use Siri all the time. And then Siri doesn't know what the fuck is going on. So Siri's always like, would you like to use chat GPT? I'm like, bitch, why am I asking you Question To you? If you gotta keep going to chat cpt, should I replace you? Because Gemini seems to have the answers. Gemini's way better than Siri Is, is way better. Well 'cause it feels like, and I know nothing about how AI works, but it feels like because Siri was already there, it's like a trying to implement AI to interface that's kind of old. The Google interface with AI and the phones and all the Google ecosystem is way better.


It's just, it's way more effective. It's quicker. It like gets it, it'll, it'll follow a chain of questions. Like you can ask it another question. How should I do that? What should I do with it? And it, And it follows what you're saying. Okay. It's just a better design and it's integrated with, so like, Siri has to ask chat, GPT, like, would you like to use chat GPT? But bitch, what do you think? Yes. If you don't have the answer, go to chat. GPD, get me the fucking answer. Whereas Google cuts that step out, it gives you the answer immediately. It's just better at, it integrates with Gmail. It's, it's just a better system. But they're working on it, you know, it's like all these things are getting better. You know, like all their, their AI's getting better. Oh, They're so much better. I mean, just the video we watched, like the, the AI capabilities six months ago.


Yeah. That video. Get outta here, Get outta here, get outta Here, get outta here. And and now you see it on like, I'll see it online like Reddit or Facebook or you'll, you'll see it where like people are like, oh, you're fallen for this AI thing. And it, And it took me a second to realize like, oh, it's ai. Yeah. Oh yeah. There's a lot of those. I posted one of a butterfly. No, a mantis, like some crazy mantis. It looked like a lotus flower. I was like, oh, that looks dope. And like somebody posted it on Instagram. So I just put it in my stories just 'cause I thought it looked dope. Right. Even if it's fake, it's still dope. And then someone said, Hey, but why does he have five fingers in a thumb? I was like, does he, was he you, Jamie? Did you notice it? Yeah. Jamie does It. That's so funny. Jamie's always like ahead of the curve with that shit though.


'cause he's super skeptical and he does too much research into conspiracies. Yeah. Well you have to be, you have to be super skeptical about anything. You see now, he Goes, all roads lead to Ohio. Everybody said to sending me bullshit all day. I have to fucking look through it. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Like this is like, talk about this on the show and it's just some guy with three heads or whatever. Well, there's a lot Of people that believe things. And the thing is like a lot of the stuff that you are fed that's fake, you're fed by people who want you to repeat it because they're trying to muddy the waters of reality. Right. Which is a great strategy. Well if you, if you say it enough, it can be real. There's a, there's certain truth to it. Right. So it's like There's that, but there's also say something that is real and attach a bunch of really goofy shit to it so that it's not real anymore.


Mm mm mm So it make it be like, well this, if everything else around it is fake, this has to be fake. Right. You know, you connect it to a Nazi apologist or something, You know what I mean? Right, right. Oh, this is nonsense. Or like the UA all this UFO stuff. Like, there's so much of that stuff that seems like so hokey, you don't even wanna repeat it. And it's, but yet it's connected to things like gravity propulsion drives, which were theorized about in the 1950s. And there's research was done on them. And it seems like some, maybe some groundbreaking advancements were kind of concealed from the public. Like, and, but then it's like, I was abducted and they took all of my sperm and like, You know what I mean? It's like all these people that are connected to it that are goofy.


You wonder like how much of that goofy shit is on purpose to make the whole thing seem stupid? Because what they're really trying to do is obscure something. Okay. I see what you're saying. You know what I mean? So it's like, it's it's a bit hiding it in plain sight. Right. Just like we never hid it from you. Yeah. You just thought it wasn't real. 'cause this guy was talking about getting jerked off by aliens just Connected to Scientology or fucking whatever. Just throw some nonsense that way. Flat earth, whatever, you know, just find some reason why it's kooky. Put connect it to like some fucking person who channels. You know what I mean? Right. Make it stupid. Right. It's like, ah, it's stupid. That's a bunch of stupid shit. Connect It to Scientology. Right. Connect to something that you don't want to talk about.


You know, Bigfoot. Oh, Bigfoot. Mm. You know what I mean? It's like those, those kind of strategies for taking real information and muddying it up with a bunch of nutty shit and then send the Patriot front to go fucking protest for it. Like, oh, great. Oh, right, right. Are Patriot Front? Are those the feds? That's what people say. Right. And then there's like a thing online now, the Patriot Front was all feds. How come they're back? Like all of a sudden they, they reemerged, they took a hiatus. Right. And they're back with season three. These guys are, they still wear the bandanas. They're still marching down the street, covering their face. They still wear uniforms. Like see, they're not even feds. There's no way they could be feds. I mean that, that's over.


Right. Right, right, right. There's no way. Like, it's not like Cash Patel and Dan Bonino completely did a 180 as soon as they got into office. I mean, it's like, this is a different federal government now, right? Yeah. Yeah. This is now it's truth, truth, social. I feel like if Yeah, that the, I think things that people forget is that they, they they definitely play both sides. Yeah. Like, I think because they were heavily involved in January 6th, and I think they were heavily involved in those BML riot, the BLM riots. It's like, oh my God, the feds just, they want chaos for whatever reason. For more control. I guess They want that and they want us at each other's throats. Right. Right. They, they want people, they want the MAGA people fighting with the liberals. Yes.


They want that. Yes. They want that. And they fuel it. I see a lot of those pro MAGA posts, you know, like, MAGA mom 2000. I'm like, really? You know what I mean? It's like, how many of these people are real people and they say ridiculous shit. It's, that's like, I hope you're not a real person. I hope your identity isn't maga first. Mom second. Yeah. I really hope you're not a real person. It's just, I, I think, you know, whatever the number is, whether it's 50% like you, it's so hard to know what's real and what's not. And I think the best strategy for me at least, the best strategy is just tune the fuck out. Yeah. Yeah. That's why I like YouTube. Yeah. That's, I go on YouTube. I'm watching stuff about like fucking ancient civilizations car videos.


I'm watching your Guy do puzzles. Like, this is like way better. I like watching guys cook. Mm. I love, I think it's, is it called Bon Appetit? I forget what it is. I was watching, I've been watching a bunch of videos on various restaurants, like how they set up. I love it, man. I, I don't know why. I love, I love watching people do something that they're really passionate about. And when you watch a video about like a really great restaurant where they're talking about how they picked the beef and Oh, that's who it was. It was, you know that guy Gga Foods? No. You know who that guy is? No. Amazing YouTube channel. He's like this steak guy. He's like, he's obsessed with steak and cooking different kinds of steak. He went to Ossobuco in Miami, which is like one of the, supposedly one of the best restaurants in the country.


I haven't been but this place Ossobuco in Miami. They, they, I think they were talking about how they had a two year dry age steak, dry age it for two years. Or they didn't cut that one up, they made another one for him. But you're watching this chef and he's got this like crazy live hardwood fire grill set up and he's talking about all the, he's cooking at these different temperatures and he's got the peppers over here and he's cooking pineapples over fire over here. And he is gonna splice that up and put it in this, you watch. And it's so exciting. And he's so passionate about ways, ways he's making the meat and, and how they're using this like herb brush to, but put butter all over it.


You're like, oh my God. Looks so good. Yeah, it looks so good. And it's like, I'm not getting angry. I'm not getting outright. No, I am. That's it. This is the guy. Yeah. So this is, I found the greatest restaurant on earth. It says I'm speechless. So that disgusting rotten mummy dick is a, that is, that's a two year dry age steak. But what that is, is the mold from that helps to dry age all the other beef. Mm. So he calls it like the mother. That's why he is not cutting into it yet. See, see right there. He calls it the mother. And so then, so this guy takes him like a regular, like a two month dry age. Oh, 22 days.


Okay. Right. So this is like, there used to be a place called a PL that was in LA and they went under during the pandemic. But Adam Perry Lang was the, the, the chef. And he was really into dry aging. And he had some year, one year dry aged meat. And he served it to us and we were like, whoa, this is wild right's. A weird taste man. Because it's essentially like being eaten by parasites. It's like, you know, mold is eating. It should go back to those videos of that guy just cooking the steak that you just had up. Look, how fucking could this look? Oh my God. When the guy was cooking the steak though, like, look at this. And they're making obu. So go before that you'll see the steak.


So he's throwing the, so he's got the fires out and this is, this is ossobuco. So he is pulling it off the bone. Go go back a little earlier though, when you watch him cook it. 'cause this is what I, what I like is watching it when it hits the grill. There's nothing like steak cooking over live wood. Yeah. And hungry hardwood, then hungry like burning hardwood. And this guy is just a master at it. And then he takes it out and he slices it up and puts herb butter all over. You're like, oh damn. And this, see me, I'm not mad. No, no one's outraged. I'm not getting politically involved. I'm just enjoying watching someone cook delicious food. Watching someone do something they love is always great.


Yeah. I follow, I follow this one guy in Britain, his name is Francis. I forgot the name of the channel, but watch him slice it. Make him slice it, put it back up. This guy named Francis. Look at that. Oh, that's nice. Oh, Oh baby. Look at that. Looking at, oh baby, The smile. Genuine happiness. Yeah. Look at his face. That's a real, you can't fake that kind of smile. And he's gonna slice it up. Oh baby, baby baby. So good dude. So, so I watch this guy on Instagram. His name is Francis, he's lives in England. He's like, he like, loves trains, trains, trains. And every time he sees a train, he gets super happy and he tells you everything about the train. Like it's route and it's history. And you get excited. I love how much he's into it.


Yeah. I love it. Makes me, it makes me happy every time he's on my Yes. This guy. Dude, this guy rules Fred. Dude. This guy fucking rules dog. Wow. Let hear him. Lemme hear him. I've ever been to Incredible at Little Bedwin where the Kennet and Aven Canal runs rather pretty alongside the barks and pants line here. And it's at this road bridge that I'm about to see. Britannia. Oh my god. It's a 59.


Okay, stop right here. Yeah, stop right here. Imagine how quickly one of those Colombian Mormons could get him. You know what's funny? He's showed his girlfriend before she, she's a dime dude. Damn. Course she is. Yeah. Yeah. Because Maybe she's into trains too. That's the key Maybe. Yeah. But he's, he's a guy's a goat. He's a guy who's good at what he does, is passionate about it and is happy with, that's attractive to women. Oh yeah. Yeah. People Love when people are really into something, you know? But Look, every video just a massive smile just to train. Yeah. It's like, it's like a little hit of happiness. This guy. Yeah. Look at him. Yeah, man. Like what? Whatever it is. Whether it's automo, bi, you know, whatever it is.


I love watching auto, auto reviews, even cars that I'm never gonna buy. Right. I like watching. Like what do you think about that car? Right? Yeah. They go over the way the mechanics work and how it's designed and Yeah. When people are into, whether it's making furniture, it's Just this, whatever you are creating is. Yeah. If it's, even if it's just train watching. Yes. If you're into it. Yes. It, it's like, it's like awesome for other people. Super Contagious. This guy, this month he went pretty viral. He quit his job cash this 401k. Took his cat, got a sailboat, went to Hawaii. Whoa. Just got there yesterday. Whoa. Again, he went from like, you know, 10,000 people following to 1.6 million. Whoa.


Sailing under with underscore phoenix on Instagram. He's Just doing like daily updates of like, yep, this is me, here's my cat, here's my boat today. Suck. Oh, pretty cold, pretty windy. I'll follow Rain. Yeah. We like, because everybody has that dream, right? Yeah. I just check out a society man, live on a mountain. That's mine. They film it all. What is his, what's his Instagram again? Sailing With Phoenix. Oh, Thank you. Phoenix Is the cat. His name's Oliver Sailing with Phoenix came up right away on Instagram or on YouTube, brother. Bam. Subscribe. Damn. That's nice. Yeah, it's subscribing. You know what I find interesting with like the social media and now with the, what I talked about earlier with the, with the streaming that the live stream people do is you remember, oh my God, that Jim Carrey movie Truman show.


Yes. Where it was like, where it was like, oh my God, look at this guy. He's been tricked and we're watching everything he's doing. And now fast forward like 30 years and like people are actively trying to become Truman. Yeah. It's like a very, like, I wonder if the guy who wrote that movie thought of that as a possibility of like, Do you remember the McConaughey one? There was a McConaughey film. Ed tv. Ed tv. Same. Same thing following a guy around his whole life. And eventually he's like, at the end he's like, I can't do this anymore. Right. I'm done. I'm gonna be Normal. Was it a, was it a choice that he made or was it put upon him in that movie? I Don't remember. Did he win something? I don't know. Just, did he win a contest or something? He Made me think of someone that did just do this. This guy called the Outdoor Boys channel. Oh. Oh yeah. I watched that guy.


Yeah. He quit. He Quit. He was like too much to my family. Can't take it. Yeah. He's really cool. I liked his shows. He would like go places and camp and cook his own food and shit. There's a bunch of those guys that I fall off all this one guy last night he was in, it was like 10 degrees below zero. He is testing out the world's warmest sleeping bag. So he's got like a fire. Damn. That's dope. He treks out there by himself on snow shoes with a fucking sled behind him. Filled with his stuff. Damn. It's, but it's interesting man. It's fascinating. You know, people just want to, people, people are so are will watch people live life that's, watch someone Do something purposeful. Mm. Like when you're out in the woods and you make your own fire and you have the warmest sleeping bag, you have to have that to stay alive.


Right. And that's why it's exciting to us. 'cause everything else has no consequences. Mm. Our day is just like, should I stay awake and keep watching YouTube or should I go to bed? Should probably go to bed now. I'll gimme myself one more hour. One more hour of watching Bullshit. Wasting your time. Yeah. And this guy's out there in the woods doing something 10 below zero in the sleeping bag. All you can see out of it is like the, 'cause everything is bundled up in there. Fucking freezing. Just gotta stoke The fire. Oh, stay warm, stay alive. That stuff gives me anxiety. I can't watch that. Me Too. But it's also exciting. Like, you know, you wanna watch 'em do it and that Outdoor Boys guy was one of those guys And you know, I think it just got too popular. Yeah. I mean it was front page news that he quit a YouTuber quit.


It Was news. Maybe he come back. He's cool though. He seems like a real sweet guy. Like a real nice guy. Like everything about his show and it's, it's interesting. Well, yeah, it's like a lot of these people, these are people you wanna root for. Yeah. The the sailboat guy, the train guy, him, it's like, I want these people to succeed. It's also, This is like low production value doing it on his own self filming. Yeah. It's exciting. Yeah. Just probably have to pay an editor and that's about it. He might edit it himself. Oh yeah. Yeah. It's all hard to do today. No. You know, you can kind of figure it out if you wanna really cut down the amount of people working with you, you know, you could probably figure out how to do that. Oh, you can just watch a YouTube video. Yeah. Yeah. You can just Watch stuff the time. You can edit it all yourself and then, you know, you're kind of your own production. And then just by word of mouth, this guy got big.


Right. 'cause it's kind of fun to watch. Right. And like pretty intense. Yeah. The stuff he does sometimes. Yeah. He Gets out there in the woods, bro. Yeah. I saw this one video of him where he like, oh, thank God I found this cabin. Otherwise I would've been fucked. Yeah. Imagine if that's your dad though, and you have to watch in your little kid. Like, we almost lost Dad. Yeah. Dad, how close were, you know, I was exaggerating for the show. I knew where I was. Yeah. It must be weird having a famous parent. Yeah. It's weird. Yeah. How did you, how do your kids deal? Like is it, they handled It pretty well because they've always had a famous parent. You didn't become famous, right. While it was Yeah, yeah, yeah. That would be even weirder. Right. That's the weirdest for them. That's like what's normal. Right. If they always grew up in it, it's like, it's whatever.


Yeah. It's a problem. You know? What's the problem? I gotta pee so bad. Okay. Who, let's wrap this up. Okay. Wait. Three hours dude. Flew by Hell. Yeah. Crazy. Good Time. Tell everybody your Instagram. And bro, first of all, I'm super excited to watch you do standup. You've been fucking killing it. Thank you. It's really fun. Thank you. It's fun to watch. It's fun to watch you write And you know, you're, it is wanting to watch, I mean, I've known you for so long now because I knew you at the Comedy Store to see you from there to where you are now. It's super inspiring. Thank you. Thank you. I dope. I, I'm, I'm, again, I'm glad and I thank you too for the opportunity for a place where I could work as hard as I'm able to work. It's like you're Making the most of it. We were talking, me and Tony were talking about last night, like, you're, you were literally making the most of it.


Oh, all these young guys coming up. I used to have, there used to be this, I watched, I love The Niners and Steve Young is talking about his Super Bowl winning performance. He's like, I was given this opportunity to show how great I could be. So let me show how great I could be. It's like, oh, if you're giving me this opportunity to like, get up all the time. Yeah. Let me write, let me be, let me be helpful to other young comics. Lemme just be a part of this scene. See the process work It works. See it work. Yeah, it works. Yeah. So yeah, I mean, hopefully you can follow me at Asan j Ahmad, E-H-S-A-N-J-A-H-M-A-D. I have a podcast with my friend Derek, Who's a recent dad. Yeah. Recent dad called The Solid Show. I think our chemistry on there is phenomenal. Oh, It's phenomenal. Yeah. Derek is the best. Yeah. He's so lovable.


He, he's the maybe the most likable guy that's ever lived. He Might be. He's like a cartoon character almost. It's so love. If you don't like Derrick, how the fuck are we gonna have a conversation? So Everybody loves that guy. Yeah, Right. That's, yeah. Oh my God. And then that's, that's, that's my podcast. So yeah, just follow me on there. And then I think this year, especially these last few sets I've been having, it's like, oh, I gotta film something beautiful. I want to, yeah, I wanna, I gotta find a way to do it, but I think I'll film. We'll Figure that Out. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I got pretty good. Wrap this up. All right. Bye everybody. Bye.