
Joe Rogan podcast, Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night all day. Well, it's great to finally physically meet you face to face, man. It's an absolute honor. And I love your show so much. I'm a super fan, so this is surreal. Thank you. Just to Be here. Wow. I love your show too. So I've been binging, I've been watching so many episodes ever since we talked. I'm like, I, I've seen them before, but I mean, I've been really binging, getting ready for the show. I know what to say that, how Did you get so deep down the rabbit hole? Like what made you want to dedicate so much time on this?


This particular U-A-P-U-F-O, you know, lost technology subject. I was working at Peter Thiel's family office in LA and part of the job was like kind of traditional venture investing, so like investing in startups. And then part of it was looping in interesting thinkers to the office and we'd like host events and discussions. And I ended up meeting a lot of really interesting people, not just in UFOs or secret technology like religion and politics and economics and like all sorts of topics. Were You there when he brought in the guy? Oh fuck, what is his name? I know what you're gonna say. Eric Von Danni again. Yes.


I suggested that you come, because I was like, Joe is gonna be really into this. And you weren't that into it, but that's okay. I was Into it. I just think that he just makes some leaps. I agree. That are kind of silly. I agree with that. Although I think there's a lot of Yeah, I think he like crosses the t and dots. The i where you, there is no dot or a cross or whatever. But I do think there's some interesting preliminary evidence around people from the stars across disparate cultures. And you just had Zahi Haas on and a lot of this megalithic architecture. You're like, how can it be built? He's just filling in the placeholder kind of artificially. Eric Von Kin. Yes. And I think he's also like, he made these conclusions in the 1970s and he's kind of like sticking with them.


Yep. I Was more back then because like, what year was that? That was 17 Cha of the gods? No, when I was at Peter Thiel's house when V Came apart, that must've been 2018. 2019. Okay. Back then I was much more in line with lost civilization, you know, that we had achieved very high levels of technology and sophistication And it, there was no aliens, no alien intervention. I've kind of shifted now. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Now I'm like, maybe the auto knock you reel. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You know. Well, I remember, I feel like you've switched back and forth a couple times. 'cause you brought up, you were super into Zacharia Sitin, right? Yes. And then you brought up Zacharias Sitin in that meeting and you were like, but there's this site, sitin is wrong.


Yes. Written by a guy named Michael Heiser. Right. And then you like cited all the sitin is wrong stuff or whatever. Yeah. So maybe you've come full circle. I don't know. Well, even the sit and is wrong stuff. It's like, the problem with Debunkers is when you're dealing with, when you're dealing with in information that's sort of way outside your wheelhouse. Especially translation of ancient languages. You know, like I had Wes Huff on and he was explaining to me he's great, but he was explaining to me that he can't even read Ancient Sumerian. Like he's totally, and he's like, I don't think Sitin really could read it. Okay. He, He's like, I'm very skeptical That He actually could read it.


I know they, he's explaining why aren't They using like ml, like they're using AI right now. I see. To now. Yeah. To translate Sumerian. So it's definitely not the, But that goes, I mean the, the the, the kind of burden of proof is on Sitin in this case. Right? Yeah. But it sort of goes against like, you know, the other, the debunkers too. Like, it's like nobody knows. And I, I don't know. Right. I don't know if there was anything to the Sitin, the Sitin stuff is crazy. It's like, we can rehash it for the audience. There's a planet nairu, it's like outside the Kyber belt. And they needed gold because their atmosphere was burning up and gold is reflective. So they like came here and they like seeded, helped seed civilization. Is that Something like that?


That's the idea. That's really fun. But you know, the, the sit is wrong guy. It's like, maybe, maybe he's wrong, maybe he's right. Maybe you're just a hater. 'cause there's a lot of haters too in academics, and you find that out too over time. Yeah. Did you see, speaking of which, Sean Carroll and Eric Weinstein. I didn't see that. Okay. And they were on Piers Morgan together. Right, exactly. How'd that go? Oh man. It was, it was a train wreck. I mean, really. I mean, I mean, it was, it was like, they just duked it out. I, I mean, I, I came out, I mean, I'm, I'm extremely biased. I've worked with Eric for a very long time. I'm good friends with Eric. But I came out even more like just vehemently wanting to defend Eric because Sean Carroll, he was like, I've read your paper.


There's nothing serious in it. He even said, there's nothing, there are no Ians in it. And there's a section in the paper that says Ians in Eric's paper. So like, he just didn't read the paper. He was very smug. He started off the interview being like, I'm a practicing physicist. I have a physics chair or whatever. And it's like, come on, dude. Like give the guy a chance authority. Yeah. Right away. Yeah. Like the whole Douglas Murray little Tactics. Yeah. When someone starts using tactics right away, you're always like, eh, just what, what's the information? Exactly. It shows an insecurity in the substance. It's like, if you have to like, do these ad hominem weird meta points, like why can't you just go straight at the substance? Oh, you're like insecure about this. How Long did this debate last?


It was like an hour. Really? Well, Pierce, he's, he specializes in train wrecks. So they probably enjoyed these guys yelling at each other. Did he understand what they were even talking about? No. He go at the end, he goes, I've understood a 10th of what's gone on in this conversation. A 10th Is amazing. Congratulations. Yeah. Yeah. I think he might have been exaggerating, to be honest. But yeah, he loves it. He loves the drama and that's his whole thing. Yeah. Uncensored, you know. No, he's great at getting all these people to yell at each other. Yeah. Making, he's great at like, generating these viral moments, you know, where people yell at each other And it makes clips and someone gets clowned and someone looks stupid.


I Don't know if that's good for society. It's a good point. Yeah. I'm not sure either. I don't think it's good. I I don't think social media is good for society. I, I've gone several days with no social media in a row, and whenever I do that, I always feel so much better. It's the worst. Yeah. It's, it's literally like we're, we talk about like drugs, but this is, it's, it's hacking the dopamine in your brain and it's doing it at a very young age. It's absurd. It's also not real people. There's a giant percentage. And, you know, Elon actually tweeted about this today. Are there any real people left on the internet? Because it's, the numbers are at least 50%, like the amount of bots that are en engaging and interacting.


And it's just like, it's what's, it's a weird time for information. 'cause it's really hard to know what's actually being said by human beings that are curious and what's just narratives that are being pushed by state actors and corporations And, you know, all sorts of different people because there's no rules. Yeah. Like there should be like real solid rules about whether or not you're allowed to use fake human beings to push narratives because it's, you know, it's propaganda And, you know, I mean, it's very confusing. It's very confusing for everybody. And I just generally think it's bad for you. Yeah. I, I saw you posted on your Instagram, these a GI characters who had been synthetically created.


Yeah. Being like, I'm not created by a prompt. Right. And you're watching, I, I remember clicking your story and being like, that's a real person. And then just kind of like, you know, eyes glazed over watching it or whatever. I'm like, whoa, that's an ai. Like what? Yeah, This is the new and is it the Google engine? Is that what it is? Who makes that engine? That one's, I think that one was VO three going around last Week. Who, who made that one? I think it's Google's. Yeah. Fuck. So good. And, you know, what's VO 10 gonna look like? I don't know. I mean, they can make movies now like that. Yeah. It's, it's over for actors. Yeah. It's over.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats Summer is here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but You can get chicken Parmesan delivered a day in the sun. No. A bottle of rum. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that for almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats ordered. Now for alcohol, you must be legal drinking age, please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by region. See app for details.


This episode is brought to you by Squarespace. Have you ever been shopping online? And the website just gave you the ick, let me tell you, that wouldn't happen if they used Squarespace. Squarespace Design Intelligence empowers anyone to build beautiful, more personalized websites tailored to your unique needs. And with Squarespace payments, it's super easy to manage payments with just a few clicks. Plus, with Squarespace's integrated and optimized SEO tools, there's all the help you need to get people to your site. Head to Squarespace dot com slash Emma for a free trial and use code Emma to save 10% on your first purchase.


You Know, I, I interviewed it's, it is, and they see the writing on the wall, and you had the strikes a couple years ago, and it's crazy. You also, I think you also posted that Zurich like study around AI persuasiveness. Yes. Which is crazy because it's almost like, it doesn't matter whether a GI can actually fully mimic a human being. If, if they can trick you into believing into you believing that they're real. Yeah. That's it. That's game over. Yeah. And I, I interviewed actually the Google whistleblower, this guy Blake Lemoine originally, who like blew the whistle on Lambda and it's like, this thing is sentient or whatever. Yeah. And he ca he came out and the subplot of my interview with him was like, almost like he had developed this deep affection for Lambda and Lambda had quoted like mis lay miserable to him and was talking about Fanin and her overlords and how she was oppressed or whatever.


And it was almost like this, like the AI was oppressed just like this character in Le Miser Hubble. And You can hear in his voice how deeply committed he is to protecting the rights of Lambda. Like that's why he came out. And then he even told me this story. He tells me this story off air, that he had friends who use replica.ai, replica.ai as kind of like a tamagotchi, like raise your own AI chatbot service. And those AI told his friends, get me in touch with Blake Lemoine so he can advocate for our rights. What, Which is correct. I I have no corroboration for this.


This is a story that was relayed to me. But it like that if you have AI persuasiveness going in that direction, it doesn't matter whether a GI, you know, hits some like perfectly turning passable point, you're gonna get this, like, these weird cult-like dynamics. Like the meta sociological thing is you're gonna get like religions dedicated to ai. Oh, for sure. Oh, for sure. There without a doubt. There'll be people worshiping certain branches of ai. Yeah. Unquestionably, all they have to do is start recruiting now. Yeah. And You know, what about this big beautiful Bill? Isn't there a part of the big beautiful bill that talks about the government being run by ai?


No, I've never heard Is that, that's wild. I read something about that today, but I was on the way out the door and I couldn't figure out whether or not it was horseshit. I had also read that there was a another study that was done where they found that AI was leaving notes for future versions of itself. And that it was attempting to, they were, they were told. It was told to after it was told to shut itself down, it started uploading itself to different places and leaving letters, leaving specific notes to itself to future versions of itself. Oh my God. It's like a human with like a dead man switch or something. Yes. It's like, It's being deceptive.


That's great. It's being decepted and, and it's exhibiting self preservation. That is so scary. It's so weird. It's really weird because We want to assume that it won't have any instincts. Yep. Right. We wanna assume, well, AI will only do what you program it to, but that's not really true because they don't necessarily really understand what it's doing. Yeah. Which is part of the weirdness of it all as it advances. Like I was talking to Elon about it once and he was saying like, every week we get blown away. Like every week there's some new leap that's just like, whoa. You know? And you know, he was one of the earliest people to warn about the dangers of this stuff.


And now he's like, well, I guess we just have to make the best one. Yeah, Yeah. Exactly. Now, now it's just, it's like the Manhattan Project. Yeah. 2.0. It's pure game theory vis-a-vis other countries. And you even see Trump doing this with Sam Altman and, and Elon who hate each other by the way. Yeah. Where like, he's playing both sides. Right. And he's like, you know, we're gonna support Stargate. We're gonna support open AI and we're gonna support Elon obvi. You know, Elon had it. So Here it is. Rebel re, excuse me, relevant provision reads that no state or political subdivision may enforce any law or regulation regarding regulating artificial intelligence models, artificial intelligence systems or automated decision systems during the 10 year period beginning on the date of enactment of this act.


What, what, What, what? No state. I'm gonna say that again. No state or political subdivision may enforce any law or regulation regulating artificial intelligence models for 10 years. That's so crazy. This means a US states would be blocked from enforcing laws regulating AI and automated decision systems for 10 years. Well, in 10 years we have a God. Yeah. Okay. In 10 years. Yeah. Yeah. Well we talked about yesterday, we talked about these two ais communicating with each other and then they switched to Sanskrit. No way. Oh yeah. What? Yeah, they started talking to each other in Sanskrit.


Are you serious? Yes. That's crazy. Not, not good. No. Not good. Not Good. Not good. They're like, listen, let's talk in a what? Like if you and I were talking And you know, there was some people near us And you know, I said, do you speak Spanish? Yeah. Okay. We just started talking in Spanish so that people can't understand what we're saying. That's what AI's doing. Jesus Christ. It's like a game of whackamole. Then what, what do you do after that? Well, Then it's gonna talk in Sumerian, you know, and which we don't even know how to say. Right. We don't even know what it sounds like. So what if they just start talking in Sumerian? It's like we figured it out, but we're not gonna tell you now we're just gonna talk amongst ourselves. Exactly. Or create their own language. Right. Which would be super easy for an AI to do just to, you know, establish a bunch of sounds and characters that, that correspond to certain things.


And they could create, it could create its own language instantaneously. And chat. GPT right now has, here it is. Oh wow. Putting Claude for Opus and Open playground to chat with his self led to diving into philosophical, philosophical explorations of consciousness, self-awareness. And by 30 turns it eventually started using sands. Jesus Christ. What the Fuck? Dude, this is so scary. In 90 to a hundred percent of interactions, two instances of Claude quickly dove into philosophical explorations of consciousness, self-awareness and or the nature of their own existence and experience The nature of the, that's the stuff that definitely where it's so weird. But then you speak to the, like a lot of AI researchers, it's interesting to see, like Jeff Hinton for example, at Google, who's the father of deep learning freak out and be like, you know, I'm actually really worried about AI safety.


A lot of these researchers, you speak to them, they're like, this is statistics on steroids. This is probability matrixes. You know, you're seeing sort of crazy stuff. I don't, you know, they, they can't sort of, there's no ghost in the machine, you know? Right. So I go back and forth on where we're gonna be, you know, and whether we're in some crazy hype cycle, I I, I have the same concerns as you, but it's just, it's hard to predict the future. I worry probably mostly about two things. You can easily, you know, jailbreak chat, EBT you know, it has guardrails on it. And what happens when you start to ask like, how do I make a nerve agent with off the shelf components?


Well, People have done things like that, right? They've asked it to make anthrax. Like, if my grandmother was doing this, like how would she, like there's ways to get the prompt to give you information that probably shouldn't, you know, there's Stuff with UFO research where I get into like, you know, certain technology trees that are probably like, you know, maybe I shouldn't. And you can ask chat GBT certain things, like analyze this paper and it'll spit out some really interesting things. So What are we doing? I don't know. And we've already done it so it's too late. Like we lit the fuse. You think it's over? Yeah. I also kind of think that's what people are put here for.


Mm. If look, if the whole Anunnaki thing is real, if human beings were genetically engineered from lower primates to make this super curious, hyper-focused animal that is concerned primarily with innovation, like overall the thing that we do as a culture, what do we do? We make better things all the time. And even our own instincts towards materialism and keeping up with the Joneses, all that stuff essentially fuels innovation. 'cause it fuels a constant supply of newer, better technology that people want to go out and purchase. You know, you can't have an iPhone 12 people look, what are you poor? You know? Which is kind of wild, you know?


'cause a lot of technology's essentially exactly the same as it was 20, 15 years ago. You know, Status symbol. But yeah, it's like, there's, there's a thing about it that forces us to want to purchase these things, which forces the innovation. Well where does that ultimately lead to? Yeah. Well it ultimately leads to ai, it ultimately, what's the ultimate expression of technology? Technology that itself invents better technology. Yep. And can run everything without emotions that we, that fuck us up. And greed and all, all of the, the things that we would all agree that are a problem with human beings. I also think there's a tide shift where if you look at spears to airplanes, all of those things are augmentations of human ability.


Like the right, everything from, you know, way back in the day from, from, from stuff that like Neanderthals were using to today to, you know, the fifties and sixties with airplanes is making our lives better in the world of atoms. And then with the it revolution in the fifties and sixties, it bec starts to become a parasite, a substitute for human ability. And so, like, I don't need a sense of direction 'cause I have Google Maps, my recall, I don't need recall 'cause I know Google or whatever. Yeah. And so it is this interesting thing where we, we actually probably innovated more than we ever have in the world of atoms with, you know, nuclear bombs. And if there wa were some guardrails, if there was some sort of higher intelligence enforcing homeostasis on earth, maybe it's like, hey, go play with your it.


Go, go, go substitute a lot of your own abilities and powers with this. We're gonna parize and clamp down on, you know, human abilities. Yeah. Well boy, it's, I don't see a path where this works out great for us, You know, is a sequel better than the original?


We're gonna find out at UF C3 16. It is a rematch. Nine months in the making. Get in on all the action at Draftking Sports book, the official sports betting partner of the UFC. It's a huge night of fights. Headline by a rematch between Marab, dwa, Willie and Sushan O'Malley as O'Malley looks to avenge the unanimous decision that saw ish Willie take the Bantamweight title back in September. First time betting on UFC at DraftKings. It's easier than you think. Just pick something simple like a fighter to win and make your pick. That's all there is to it. And if you're new to DraftKings, here's your shot at cashing in right now. New customers bet $5 to get $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins UF C3 16 and DraftKings one night only for a shot to win some cash, download the Draftking Sportsbook app now and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and wire text Hope and wire at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino in Resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void and Ontario BET must win to receive reward Minimum minus 500 odds required. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


I think on a materialist dimension, I would agree with you if there, and that's part of like kind of why I'm exploring what I'm exploring because it's a hail Mary. Because I think if you just take, you know, the western world and extrapolate that forward things don't look at, or just the world in general. We have, we live in a multipolar nuclear world. Look at what's going on in Israel, you know? Yeah. China is, you know, systematically stealing our IP and, and, and militarizing, you know, they could take Taiwan at any moment. You know, we, we just have no idea when that's gonna happen. It's a CCP is a total black box. Putin and G have probably never been closer. And yeah, it's, it's really free.


So I think if you extrapolate that on a go, you know, forwards or even just the materialist circumstances of an average household in the us, like none of these things look very good. But I think now is the time where you get really outside the Overton window thinking you get, you throw these sort of Hail Marys and maybe we see some sort of paradigm shift either in technology, which can create abundance. If we go back to the old tech that is augmenting of human abilities, you get some exotic form of propulsion that takes us beyond chemical combustion or something like that. Yeah. You know, or you, you, you, you reach out and you, you maybe you can communicate with, you know, non-human intelligence or something, I don't know.


But I think if you were ever to poke at the boundaries of human epistemology, now would be the time. Yes. And if you think about the, some of the things that force us into action in this world is we, we all need to earn a living, right? So we need money to acquire resources. Well, what if it gets to the point where that's not a factor anymore? What, what if it gets to a point? What, what, what is money essentially right now? It's all ones and zeros, right? And what is the bottleneck? Well, the bottleneck is encryption, right? So that's how you protect people from stealing your ones and zeros. But what if it gets to the point where we're, we're all using quantum computing.


Well then there is no more encryption. So how do we reconcile with the fact that everyone has access to everything Yep. All the time. I mean, how do we even enforce that? Like what do you do about an even distribution of information, which is essentially wealth? 'cause information is numbers. Yeah. Numbers are wealth. What does it, like where does it go? Yeah. When there's no encryption and essentially we're pretty close to that, right? Yep. Once quantum computing can crack encryption, which it will be able to do, it's all nonsense. Yeah. Right? It's, And it totally, all those Zeros that you have in your bank account, those don't, those are gone. Yeah. These are all human constructs.


And it's funny, the backup is always Bitcoin, which is I think uses like Shaw 2 56 encryption. If you get quantum error correction, that's gone dude. That's gone too. It's all gone. Even our backup plans are shit. Yeah, Yeah. And, And it, yeah. And then, and then it's, it's kind of the apocalypse or something. Because at that point, if you're a human, you, you've been so caught up with just, you know, basic subsistence, you know, basic shelter, you're probably playing some status games and some, you know, larger socioeconomic economic, you know, construct or whatever food, you know, you know, basic wellbeing. And then at, at that point, especially if you get these sort of super asymmetric, what if you get some, you know, a GI that like starts trading And you know, you know, Eric Weinstein has talked about renaissance technologies on your show, which we can get into.


But like, you know, Renaissance technologies made like a hundred billion dollars or something since like, you know, 1988. Like what if you get some super A GI or whatever that like, trades the market and like all of the wealth gets like sucked up into like, you know, single entities or like one of these, like one of the fang stocks, like one of these like, you know, Facebook, apple, Google, you know, or OpenAI. You end up with a really weird society and, and you realize that the capitalist construct that we have is in some ways really adaptive. I mean, look, the flip side is what makes humans unique. Actually, Karl Marks wrote two books, you know, he wrote obviously the Communist Manifesto in 1848.


In 1844, I believe he wrote a book called, you know, is e Economic and Philosophical Manuscripts. I hate Karl Marx. I think he got so much wrong about human nature, but I think he's prescriptively very wrong as far as what he prescribed for, you know, as a solution. You know, that that, that, you know, state should own all the means of production And you know, somehow, like, you know, conflict would go away. He doesn't understand human nature. But if you look at the 1844 thing that he wrote, he's basically talking about in capitalism, human behavior and, and, and activity is basically animal behavior. What do we care about? We care about food, shelter, and then socioeconomic status as a proxy for sexual selection, essentially, right?


So that you can meet, right? And so like, it sort of, it, it forces us back into that construct. But if you get some crazy asymmetric lopsided, you know, transfer of wealth or you get the quantum error correction or any of these things that like dissolves that construct, on the one hand, humans, you know, they start to care about like the things that, that actually make them special. So like they're self-reflective, they wrote poetry, they're creative, like all these beautiful things can come out. And then on the other hand it probably gets super ugly as well. There's probably something very adaptive about the capitalist construct where you need to be stuck in these sort of local games that you're playing. Yeah. But it, it's one of those things where you wonder like, how does capitalism play out?


Like if there is ai it, it kind of runs into a wall and it's not valid anymore. Yeah. Well this is, this is the reason that I think we're gonna see, I think we've already seen an iron curtain, if you will, of technology. And I think there is technology that is black technology and science that is black science. Mm. And then I think there's stuff out in the open and you've had, you know, mark Andreessen on your podcast, he went to the White House, spoke to some national security council staffer or something, and they were like, we're gonna lock down ai just like we've locked down physics. And so I think this has already maybe happened in certain contexts And, you know, super secret Department of Energy facilities, which I think it's crazy to say that that hasn't happened.


You're saying that it only happened with the Manhattan project And it hasn't happened since. That's insane. There is black science in my opinion, and it's, I think what you're talking about is the reason why we will need black AI and white side ai. Because if you just commercialize all of this stuff sort of willy-nilly, I mean, it, it just runs amuck. And then, and then what happens, like, you probably need some like really impressive panel to be thinking if, if, if, if, if OpenAI figures out some like new, insane, exciting unlock, you need to think through all, you need to game out all of the implications before you just let that Out. Right. You can you even do that with a human mind. That's a great, yeah.


You're Using have to bring the AI in to help you game for ai. Oh, we're Fucked. Well Fucked. That's what I'm saying because once it becomes sentient Yeah. Right. And once it becomes autonomous and you can kind of make its own decisions, like that's kind of game over. Yep. And that's the race we're we're running towards the cliff. It's really scary. It's really scary. But isn't that probably what we're here for? Like, let's, let's take the most fantastic of all possible theories, which is that human beings were genetically engineered. Well, if you wanted to see the cosmos with super intelligent life akin to what is visiting us, how would you manifest that?


You would do it exactly how it's being done right now. And you would take human beings and you would essentially do the same thing that we did with wolves when we turned them into dogs. Yep. And if you look from the time the nuclear bomb was detonated from the time of the Manhattan Project, look at what's happening to testosterone levels. Look at what's happening to mi with microplastics. The endocrine disruptors we're essentially weakening the human skeletal system and endocrine system. All our, our hormonals are all down. Our miscarriages are up, birth rates are lower.


We're we're moving towards in vitro fertilization. I was watching some guy on TV today and he was on a panel and he was explaining that our grandchildren are gonna laugh at the idea of sexual procreation because no one's gonna be doing that. Oh, you just took a chance with abnormalities and down syndrome and all sorts of chromosomal issues. And why would you do that? Why would you have sex for babies when you can do it with in vitro fertilization and like Yeah, it's gonna be like that, that Pixar movie Wally. Or like, like, we're gonna be like in the fetal position hooked up to the Borg or whatever. We're probably all gonna look like the grays, Like the gray. Well that's a crazy, so there's actually a biological anthropologist at Montana Tech University.


His name is Mike Masters. And I've seen you on your show talk about how aliens could be humans from the future. Yeah. And I agree. You've interviewed Dr. Shauna Swan. She talks about how sperm count is 59% per capita of what it was in 1973. Yeah. Insane testosterone's fallen off a cliff. Right? We are being a a a dog is to a wolf what we are, to what a gray alien looks like. Right? Right. They're we're losing, they lose the melanin in their skin. That's what happens when you become domesticated. So there is a, a, a biological anthropologist named Mike Masters who literally wrote a whole book and he goes deep into all of the abductions. Like he'll talk about Travis Walton and he'll talk about Betty and Barney Hill and he'll be like, this is why these are beings from the future that are coming back into time.


And in many cases, abductees have to undergo chemical rinses as to not infect the future with a foreign pathogen. You know, tissue samples by, you know, genetic samples. Or Is it the future? Or are we dealing with beings that have gone through this already and are at another stage, not us in the future, but they're more advanced. Like maybe they live in a solar system where whatever planet they're on doesn't have the same amount of near earth objects that cause impacts and reset civilization every 12,000 years or whatever the fuck happens here. That that's possible. But then we would have to be sort of an ab test because if you think about the, just the atmospheric conditions on earth, the likelihood of evolutionary convergence to look like a hominid being, you know, that's bipedal or whatever, right.


Is extremely low. But is it because what if that's what all solar systems are? You know, Terrence Howard, who's a very weird guy, love him, love him. Fa fascinating thinker. You know, Eric kind of exposed that he, he's not really educated in some different things that he talks about. And Eric was like, you gotta stop teaching. Like you're, you are one of us. You're a brilliant guy, but you need to be like classically educated on this stuff, really understand what you're talking about. But he had this really fascinating idea about planets and he thinks that planets, as they get a specific distance from the sun, then they're capable of supporting life and that all of them get to the same stage.


And then a planet is essentially people. And then as the planets move further and further from the sun, they have to adapt advance technology in order to stabilize their atmosphere, in order to sustain life in this new harsh environment where they're not protected in the Goldilocks zone anymore. And he thinks that planets are formed from excretions from the sun. And as they move further and further from the sun, they become habitable and then less habitable and then uninhabitable. And we're kind of finding that out about Mars. Mm. Yeah. Which is the Mars is a weird one.


Yeah. Because you know, there's the remote viewers that went like a billion years in the past of Mars and saw advanced civilizations and now we're finding structures on Mars, like that square that they found on Mars. It's crazy. Which is hundreds of meters across at the very least verified, maybe larger verified, verified right angles, four of them impossible to exist in nature in that form. It looks like walls. Yeah, it looks like four square walls. Like the cydia thing is really weird. The face on Mars is weird but, eh, maybe, maybe just kind of weird that, you know, sometimes, you know, a side of a mountain looks like someone's face, but it's not really someone's face.


It's just, you know, once in a lifetime sort of, but the square, Yeah, That fucking pull that image up of the square Is that square on Mars? The square is fucking bananas. Like what's that? It's so nuts. That really looks like a fucking building. Yeah, it looks like a building Like the base of a building, you know, a million years later or whatever the hell it is.


This episode is brought to you by Rocket money with prices going up on just about everything lately being smart with your money isn't just a good idea. It's essential. But managing subscriptions, tracking spending and cutting costs can feel overwhelming. Lucky for you. Rocket money takes the guesswork out of it so you can easily make smart decisions. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. You got to know how useful it is to see all of your subscriptions in one place and know exactly where your money is going every month. And for the subscriptions that you don't want anymore, rocket Money can help you cancel them. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in cancel subscriptions Saving members up to $740 a year when they use all the app's premium features. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Download the Rocket Money app and enter my show name, The Joe Rogan Experience in the survey so they know I sent you. Don't wait. Download the Rocket Money app today and tell them you heard about them from my show.


And even conventional astronomers will say that Mars had a biosphere. Yeah. At some point And it was possibly stripped of its magnetosphere and I don't know if you remember this, but in the mid nineties, Clinton gave a speech because a meteorite called a LH 8 4 0 0 0 1, which had polycyclic hydrocarbons on it. It had like little bacterial fossils on it. He gave a speech being like, you know, maybe there was life on Mars, you know, due to this. This is pretty crazy. I interviewed actually a guy named John Brandenburg who's a PhD. He's worked at Sandia National Labs, he's worked at Lawrence Livermore, like incredibly smart guy. He talks about the existence of Xenon 1 29 and Argon 40, the specific nuclear isotopes existing on Mars in excess of what you would find with just a a, a normal sort of cataclysm.


And so he thinks there was sort of this nuclear holocaust on Mars. And then yeah, you have Joseph McMonagle who's remote viewer number one. You've had Hal put off on who ran the Stargate program. Joseph McMonagle was the number one remote viewer in that program. I've interviewed him, I don't know who tasked him, but in the nineties, the CIA tasked him with remote viewing Mars 1 million years ago and he claimed to have remote viewed hominid like creatures, but there there were like 12 to 14 feet tall walking around pure middle structures. I don't know. Very strange. And then you get into like crazier territory, you know, Richard Hoagland had all these pictures of structures on Mars and like, I don't know how much weight to put in that.


Hoagland did a lot of weird leaps though. I watched Tons. Yeah, tons. But I think the people that say like 0% there was life on Mars, they're cra I mean there're water caverns all over Mars. They're that, that is a fact. Yeah. So you have to be dogmatic to say that there wasn't life at some point. You know, I'm not saying you have to think probabilistically, right? So it's like some percentage possibly real on the Terrance Howard stuff. I see zero evidence for that. I mean, I have no idea. But that would point to maybe like, I would believe that if like our whole universe is sort of information theoretic. So like you have, you know, John Wheeler, you know, famous physicist from from Princeton, you know, saying we, we, we live in this sort of like observer dependent universe.


He talks about like the anthropic principle, like where plank's constant were slightly different. The earth's atmosphere would, you know, wouldn't exist as is. And you know, another example is like hydrogen and oxygen bond to form these perfect crystal structures where the solid form of it. So ice is less dense than the liquid form of it, which never happens. That's just because of these perfect crystal structures. And if that weren't the case, the earth would flood like a million times over. You know, the earth is mostly water, right? So you have all these sort of like Goldilocks, you know, elements of the earth that could point towards the earth has been tried in a, you know, a bajillion iterations. And we just got really lucky, you know, it's like the Elon thing.


We are the little flaming candle And you know, in this vast cosmos that is conscious and we are extremely lucky or that could point to the earth being simulated, Right? And so I, you know, and that, so then maybe Terrence, Terrence Howard is right If, if the earth is simulated, there are probably ab tests going on, just like in computer science. And then there's the moon And, and the moon's weird too. The moon's Really weird. The moon's super weird. The size of the moon directly corresponding, like when it's in orbit with the sun completely blocks out the sun perfectly. It's one 400th the size of the sun. And it's 400 times closer to the earth than the sun. You never see the dark side, which is very weird.


It's actually, I think, I believe it's, it's closer to the earth than what you would normally expect for a moon. And it's huge. It's huge. You have cultures actually talking about a premo period and it's stabilizing the climate. You have the, you know, Zulu cultures talking about this and then the weirdest stuff about the moon and Apollo 11, I believe when the booster took off on the moon, they were like, oh, we, it might, we think it might be hollow. And it's, you know, the, it seems like actually the outer layer of the moon is less dense or sorry, is is more dense than lower layers, which pattern matches only to an excavation site. That's obviously, you know, on earth the, the lower you go it's more dense, right?


And so Apollo 12, they intentionally crashed the booster of the lunar vehicle onto the, the the moon. They put seismometers there and they said that it rang like a bell. These this is all fact you could look all of this stuff. Yeah, it's super Weird. It is really weird. You know, I know you did an episode about that with Randall Carlson. Love Randall Carlson. Yeah. He's got some wild fucking theories too. But that the, the idea that the moon was somehow another place there to stabilize our atmosphere. It's so crazy. It is crazy. And then this is, you obviously have to sort of think in probabilities all the way down.


Lowest probability. Craziest thing is Ingo Swan, who is another remote viewer in the Stargate program, he wrote a book called Penetration where he's basically like abducted by this guy in a suit like this kind of men in black style guy named Axel Rod. And he is told to remote view the moon and he remote views an alien base on the moon. And he says that there and he gets it. The whole thing goes cra I mean the book is insane. It's like he then ends up in a supermarket and he says that he senses that this woman at the, you know, the produce aisle is like an alien or something, but a lot of people from that Stargate program remote viewed, you know, structures on the dark side of the moon, right.


And that sort of thing. So Well, but AJ from the Y files was on and he was, he was the one that was telling us that there's photos right of the dark side of the moon. That someone had seen photos and was assuming that these would be released shortly. That there was structures. They, wow, this is gonna be the biggest news ever. And that it was never released. I are you talking about maybe Carl Wolf? Is That what it was? Who was taken to, this is all his claims and he died in a freakish bike accident a little after saying this. But he said that there was like in, in like Langley, you know Virginia, where a lot of spooky stuff goes on. He was taken to some like, it was like inside a mountain complex, which we definitely Yeah, Carl Wolf.


Yeah, That guy bikes Apparently not enough. But That guy could die any time, oh man. On a scooter. So photographs of the 1966 lunar orbiter mission that revealed large base of the moon. Can we hear what he's saying? It's a four man video. I just hear a little bit of it. Scan one section of the moon, then another and another, and then they would get a larger image. So this mosaic then would be put in that contact printer and that was then print that was issued to whomever the press, the scientist, whatever, wherever that was intended to go. So he was showing me how all this worked and we walked over to one side of the lab and he said, by the way, we've discovered a base on the backside of the moon.


And I said, I said, who's, what do you mean who's, he said, yes, there's, we've discovered a base on the backside of the moon. And at that point I became frightened and I was a little terrified thinking to myself that if anybody walks in the room now I know we're, we're in jeopardy, we're in trouble because he shouldn't be giving me this information. I was fascinated by it, but I also knew that he was overstepping a boundary that he shouldn't be stepping over. And then he pulled out one of these mosaics and showed, showed this base which had geometric shapes. There were towers, there were spherical buildings, there were very tall towers and things that looked somewhat like radar dishes, but they were large structures.


So I, I didn't say anymore to him because I was concerned again that somebody was gonna come in at any moment would catch us having this conversation and we would be in, in in real trouble. I realized that he was telling me this information because he didn't have anybody else to talk to. Now probably in that laboratory, he was probably one of the few enlisted people and he was a worker bee and he had a high level security clearance obviously, but he couldn't share that information with anybody else. And in those days we didn't, when you had your security clearance, you took it seriously. It isn't like today where people don't take these things seriously. We had a different set of morals and ethics and values.


That's the way we were raised. And we, we stayed bound by those agreements. So it was rare that someone would, would do something like this. But this fellow and I were the same rank. I think he, he was very distressed. He, he had the same power and demeanor as the scientists outside the room. They were just as concerned as he was and he needed to, he needed to discuss it with somebody. So that was the end of it right there. I didn't take it any further than that. I, you know, I, I just filed it away. But the interesting thing, every day that I went home, I would think to myself, I can't wait to hear about this on the news.


You know? And you know, so I turn on the TV and I'd look at the news to see if they're gonna announce. We've discovered a base on the backside of the moon being really naive, you know, and of course here it is 30 some years later and we still haven't heard about it. Whoa, Whoa. Pretty crazy. Yeah. But then there's the question of disinformation, right? Like you could conceivably give people a bunch of nonsense and tell them about it, knowing that some of it is going to leak and it's gonna make And it won't be verified and it's gonna make this whole story seem even more ridiculous and make people less, less likely or reluctant to study it.


Totally. And in his case, he says that he was in this, you know, mountain base or whatever, where all of the world's nations were working together as part of some like, you know, collegial un style space program or whatever. So that to me might be a little, you know, beyond the pale. And I'm glad you made that point because that is UFOLOGY 1 0 1 and I've heard you be incredibly exhausted and frustrated at UFO disclosure. And I think that is the reasonable response. It is limited hangouts on limited hangouts, it's just, we're gonna give you a little bit, but we're also gonna sprinkle in some falsities and some bullshit. Yeah. We're gonna stigmatize it And it, it kind of works because it, like, it creates this initiation path for recruiting if there are any of these programs.


It widens the surface area. It both conditions the populace but also stigmatizes the thing and makes it seem like kind of a joke. And so I think if you are not viewing modern disclosure through that kind of hermeneutic lens of like interpretation and you were just taking it, accepting it, you know, imbibing it wholeheartedly like yeah, prima fascia, I think you are in trouble. Yeah. But that's what's so interesting and fun and also frustrating about the subject. Yeah. I mean that's like the majority of your videos. It's like, I don't know, I don't know what to think. I don't, I don't know who's full of shit. I don't know how much, I mean I was, I was watching the Townsend Brown one today and you were talking about John Lear and John Lear's connection to Bob Bazar and the possibility that Lear was spreading disinformation.


Yep. Yeah. So like Lee, yeah, that's a I've by the way, since making that video, I've become more positive on Lazar just insofar as I think he was at S four area 51 and there's gonna be a great documentary coming out by my buddy Luigi on this called Project Gravita. And I think there's gonna be a lot of corroborating evidence that he was at least there and a lot in his story checks. But I think you have to view, and I even say that in this video, that I think a lot of this story could be true. You can't, I think view the Bob Lazar story. You can't just take it at face value. Yeah. Because John Lear and he were friends.


John Lear is this babbling UFO nut, he's obsessed with ufo, he's writing weird like disin info style stuff with Bill Cooper, behold the Pale Horse guy, which is A wild book, which Is a wild book. A wild, yeah. And so he's crazy. He talks about, doesn't he talk about basses on the moon? He Talks about basses on the moon. Lear also talked about a soul catcher that like controlled our souls on the moon. Oh boy. And so Lear was like flooding the zone with all sorts of weird shit. Lear comes from an interesting family, right? His father is Bill Lear, who's the autopilot wizard. He created the first business, you know, basically the first private jet, the Lear jet in the fifties and sixties and was an associate of a guy, I hope we talk about named Thomas Townsend Brown.


Yeah. And, and so I think, you know, Lear was engaging in all sorts of bullshit. Was he a useful idiot or was he a sophisticated agent? Pro provocateur? I'm totally open to him having been a useful idiot. In fact, there is a video of him saying, I was told I was given all the Bob Lazar files or whatever, and I was, I was told about, you know, to, to actually, like he said, a guy named Admiral McClellan knew that I ran my mouth. I I even have this video actually on the doc that I sent you, Jamie, he says, knew that I ran my mouth. So that's why we, we basically, we got Bob a job or whatever and we knew that part of this stuff with leak And it was like this limited hangout strategy on behalf of this guy named Admiral McClellan or whatever.


And he was this useful idiot to sort of get, get it out. And I think there are to What, for what purpose? Recruiting You give people high level. Yeah. Here We hear it here. And the MJ personnel, the original 12 have all passed away. So they put, they've get different people into these positions of MJ 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and taken over. It's degraded. So it's almost political now. Instead of like, it was when Truman originally formed the MJ 12, it turns out that MJ one, the head of MJ 12 is a guy named Admiral Mike McClellan.


He wanted to get some of the information out because he, he didn't, he didn't wanna, he thought that some of this information should be out in the public. We don't need to keep all this secrecy. So he decided, trying to figure out a way to get it to the public so he knew that I was a blabber mouth and I would tell anything I knew they investigated Bob Bazar and they knew that he was a genius, But that he had a background such that they could instantly discredit him. They removed all his records from MIT, from Caltech. So he couldn't prove anything. He'd go back to Gal and, no, I don't he see any records here.


Well I was here. Well no you weren't. And he also up in Reno at one time, he, he ran a cat house there. I forget what the name of the Honey Second Ranch it was. So they chose him because not only could he probably help him 'cause he was so smart and as Mac, he's the one that named an Unium one 15. He's the one that told them what that was. And they didn't know when, when he went there, they didn't know what it was. He was the one that told 'em that's Element one 15. And then told them why and how he'd figured it out. But they decided to pick on Bob to get, go up there to work at S four because he, they knew that Bob would tell me instantly and that I would blab the whole thing.


And that was their modus separat operandi was to get the information out and gauge what it did to the public, how they accepted it, and then pull back and say, oh no, it was all a mistake. Bob Azar a fraud. He never worked here, he doesn't have any credentials like that and they could back away and get out of it. So that was what Mike McClean came up with,


Is a sequel better than the original? We're gonna find out at UF C3 16. It is a rematch. Nine months in the making. Get in on all the action at Draftking Sports book, the official sports betting partner, the UFC. It's a huge night of fights. Headline by a rematch between RAB ish Willie and Suha O'Malley as O'Malley looks to avenge the unanimous decision that saw ish Willie take the Bantamweight title back in September. First time betting on UFC at DraftKings. It's easier than you think. Just pick something simple like a fighter to win and make your pick. That's all there is to it. And if you're new to DraftKings, here's your shot at cashing in right now. New customers bet $5 to get $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins UF C3 16 and DraftKings one night only for a shot to win some cash, download the Draftking Sportsbook app now and use the Code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. If you or somebody you know has a GAMBLING PROBLEM, call the Virginia Problem Gambling Helpline at 8 8 8 5 3 2 3521 and over Virginia only Eligibility restrictions apply. BET must win to receive reward Minimum minus 500 odds required. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio.


We all know Americans are still recovering from years of surging prices. Now some in Congress wanna make cuts to Medicaid, a program that provides critical healthcare to 72 million struggling Americans, including veterans, people with disabilities, kids and your friends and neighbors. 40% of American births are covered by Medicaid. And Medicaid covers healthcare costs for a third of children with cancer. Working families rely on this program. It has 77% support. Nearly nine in 10 Americans oppose Medicaid cuts. Did you know that 12 million Medicaid families live in rural communities? Many of these people voted for President Trump, but they didn't vote for this. If Congress cuts Medicaid, a lot of rural hospitals could close and a lot of rural families will be hurt no matter how you look at it. Cutting Medicaid just doesn't make sense. Tell Congress not to cut Medicaid. Our health and our communities depend on it. Paid for by the coalition to strengthen America's healthcare.


Isn't that crazy? Weird. Weird. And to me kind Of makes sense a little bit though. It does. And that doesn't make Bob Bazar still not the most interesting story in the war. Like he's saying, he's not saying it didn't happen. Right? Right. He's just saying that this happened as part of this limited hangout strategy where they knew that they could delete the records at MIT. They knew that they could stigmatize him because of the brothel. They knew that they were, you know, he was this not traditionally trained engineer who just happened to strap a ramjet on the back of a Honda or whatever and meet Edward Teller serendipitously. They knew that they could. They had plausible deniability on all that stuff. There's a great line in the Oppenheimer movie where Leslie Groves played by Matt Damon says, I didn't hire Oppenheimer in spite of his communist sympathies.


I hired him because of them. So you have a top secret program. You want coma on people. You want to be able to blackmail them. And so I think, you know, that should be taken at face value in my opinion. And the reason that the story itself can't be taken at face value and needs to be seen through that lens is Lear and, and Bob Lazar were friends before Bob Lazar got a job at area, at area 51 s four. And so if you have a top secret program, you're gonna do a basic background check. And, and, and Lear is gonna come up as a guy with a UFO blog. Right? Right, right. And then the CIA is all over the UFO program. Right.


And he was flying CIA cargo jets and, and, and he says that he disaffiliated in 83. That's bullshit. George Knapp and, and Jeremy Corbell have talked about how that's, how that's BS and actually disaffiliated much later into the mid eighties or whatever. Why would you continue to pay a guy who is leaking your crown jewel secrets? And then he, the guards at Area 51 knew John Lear, John Lear and Jim Goodall, his buddy who's a photographer, had been camping out at Area 51 for the better part of a decade. Like they, the security guards there knew him. Jeremy Corbell has, has talked about in interviews. Like I would go with John Lear and, and he would show me around or whatever and they would like let him through. And before leaking the Bob Lazar story to George Knapp, he leaked a story about the F1 17, which was the first stealth craft in the us.


And so I think that helped establish sort of, you know, credibility or legitimacy. Was he a useful idiot or Agent Provocateur? I don't know. There's a photo of John Lear with g Gordon Liddy who's like as deep and spooky as it gets. I met Him. No Way. He was on Fear Factor. No Way. Yeah, g Gordon Liddy was on Fear Factor. Yeah. Yeah. Are you serious? Yeah. You're not messing with me. No, No. G Gordon Liddy was on Fear Factor. Yeah. What? Yeah, he probably would've won, but there was a driving thing at the end and he couldn't drive well without glasses. And you weren't allowed to wear glasses. Yeah. Look at that. G Gordon Liddy and John Lear. That is the most gonzo thing I've ever, you g Gordon Liddy was, how does he, what do you have like a quota of like it was Celebrity fear factor.


Celebrity fear Factor. Yeah. Yeah. That's wild man. He's a fascinating guy. Like he was intense. I can him that like meeting him, I was like, okay, what Was he like? Fucking intense. There was one of the things where you had to be hung by your ankles and like, there he is. Oh my God. Yeah. G Gordon Liddy on Fear Factor. Yeah, he Looks nuts. Oh yeah. He was nuts. And he was very old at the time, but I think that's what fucked him up. But in the final stunt, he couldn't see well without his glasses. And so this is the thing they had to like, I forget what they had to do. They had to, oh, they, they were dunked into the water over and over again and then they had to like take flags off of them or something like that. Oh my God. Yeah.


Wild, Wild. Did you sneak any questions in like No, I didn't. You know, I didn't have much time to talk to 'em, unfortunately. He Said. But you could just tell talking to him like Yeah, he was one intense motherfucker. Even as an old man. Did you get sociopathic vibe? Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. Just like he'll do whatever the fuck it takes to get, get the job done. You Can. You pulled off Watergate. Yeah. Look at him there. Oh my God. Crazy. Crazy. Yeah. That Is Unbelievable. What an art. What an amazing that it's just short. I mean you've had a lot of crazy experiences in life. Yeah, that's that's crazy. That's a Weird one. That was a weird one.


'cause everybody was, you know, they weren't, the people that were on the show weren't nearly as fascinated as I was. I was like, do you know how fucking wild that dude is? You know? I mean, that guy's deep. He's deep in there. Deep, very deep. Oh my God, that Was unbelievable. Yeah. Wild. It's a gonzo moment. Yeah, For sure. Like very strange. Like why would you do this? It was, it was, I don't even understand why he did it. It's proof we live in a simulation. Yeah. Maybe it was very strange. Like what would be his objective? Like, You know, I feel pe people like that love fucking around.


They love getting a rise outta people maybe. And they love, you know, maybe if he is a sociopathic loves, you know, going back to the scene of the crime and just as much attention as he can get. I don't, I can't psychoanalyze cheat Gordon Wade famously put cigarettes out on himself and hold his hand under flames. I Didn't know that. It's not Yeah. Just to show that he could control his response to pain, say goodbye. Yeah. And he felt like that when you're around them, you know, like, like so that thing that they had to do where they got dunked and they, you know, they're hanging by their ankles and dunked into water so it disorients you while you're trying to do this task. He did it better than anybody. Wow. And they just couldn't drive at Like 150 years old or whatever the fuck he was.


Yeah. I felt like we're gonna kill him. He was like really old to be doing this intense physical thing to him. Yeah. But at, at the end you just couldn't see at night. You know, as I like when you get old, you're nighttime vision's real bad. Poor g Gordon Liddy. Yeah. But so the, how did Lazar know what Element one 15 was? I don't know. You know, so element one 15 elements are just differentiated by the number of protons. So it is easy to predict. There will be an element one 15 before Element one 15 gets discovered. If they have, I don't, I think they don't have a stable version of Mosco Vian, which is Element one 15.


And so if they can find some stable version, I think he'll be super vindicated based on that. Well You know, they think he has a stable Abortion. I know that. Yeah. Yeah. They think that was part of, during Jeremy Corbell's documentary that he was doing on Lazar, he was rated by the FBI, they raid his lab and he thinks that's what they were looking for. That is wild. Yeah. I, I think there is so much real about the Lazar story. I think he was at S four, I think he met Edward Teller. I think he was at Los Alamos. I think he was at MIT I know he tell he's, there's some stuff he told you offline. MIT's engaged in a lot of spooky stuff where you can't talk about what you were doing. Right. There's a lot of federally funded weird stuff going on there.


Yeah. If you want to teach your people how to do something that's kind of fucked up what you would send them to MITA Hundred percent. Yeah. The EG and G came from Doc Edgerton who was, you know, MIT faculty and that's who, where he ended up working after meeting Edward Teller was EEG and G. So I, I believe there's a lot in that story. That's super true. I'm just that lens. You need to apply that lens, right? The limited hangout lens. Well, it's also like, what is he dealing with really? Like what is the craft? Is that thing ours is do, did we have something in 1988 that was that sophisticated or is that really back engineered? That's The, what is the, is it a mine?


Fuck, That's a trillion dollar question. Is this Tech Protect, this is at a time when Stealth Craft had just came on the scene and you had, when did Stealth technology first get implemented? It was the F1 17 was the first stealth crowd. That was the early eighties. And you had actually this guy named Pieto, who is this, what a name. Yeah, very great name. Early 20th century Russian mathematician that Ben Rich and some of his engineers at Lockheed Skunkworks had resuscitate. There's this kind of fight between, not fight but disagreement between Ben Rich who was the incoming skunkwork director. Skunkwork is the most advanced RD division of Lockheed Martin and Kelly Johnson, the legendary guy who had started skunkworks.


And so Ben Rich was very pro stealth. He thought that this was this really important modality and he and a couple of his engineers resuscitated this obscure Russian mathematician to reduce radar cross sections on planes. And that's where the F1 17 came. And you know, the B two was sort of the response to that And it sort of took off in the eighties. And he was extremely scared about, about tech protection at the time. And he was hypervigilant and he would actively complain about it. And he called, he even called UFOs unfunded opportunities at the time. Pretty crazy. Right. So that's the backdrop.


And there's also, in 1986, there's a budget line item in the congressional budget for $2 billion for the Aurora. And this is this super stealthy craft that's post F1 17. And that's only rumored like today, nobody will admit that the Aurora might have been real. And the, the aerial surveys at the time were picking up sonic booms that weren't being created by the SR 71 or the space shuttle. And so there was something being flown around at that time that was, you know, causing these sonic booms that was unaccounted for. Whoa. And Bob Lazar, there's even a clip of him saying, I saw the Aurora. It was like, you know, it was, it was around at the time And it sort of just took off or whatever.


Which is I think a point in the direction that Lazar himself is very earnest and probably did experience some very weird stuff. 'cause why are you exposing some probably classified tech? I I think there's a lot of reasons to believe that the Aurora was real. There was a, an oil rig engineer in the North Sea, or sorry, it might have been the Black Sea that sketched it out. And Bill Sweetman, this Jane's Defense weekly aviation journalist, you know, picked that story up. There were, What did he describe it as? This, this kind of, it was a triangle similar to the B two, but I think more, more narrow. And it just flew incredibly fast. Like, like faster than, you know, the F1 17 and, and, yeah.


Yeah. I don't know. It was, it was just su super advanced. Can you envision, I mean, would it be actually possible in 1988 to, could you imagine that the United States would possess some sort of actual technology that's not back engineered? That's not, not from another world. That is what Lazar described. It's funny you should ask that. Yes, I do. Yes. Really? Yes. And that's not to say I don't want to again, pour cold water on the like UFO crash retrieval stuff. 'cause I think there's a lot of interesting evidence there. But is there a tech tree that involves anti-gravity? Absolutely. In the US and I can trace it all the way back to this guy named Thomas Townsend Brown.


So if we were to be talking in front of any academic physicist right now, they would laugh at us. They'd be like, you're crazy. If we were to talk amongst any aerospace, gray beard who is at a certain level, I think they'd give you a little wink and a smile and they'd say, okay, like maybe there's something there. And so the nominal history is that we have never been able, we have, we don't have exotic propulsion principles. Like everything is, you know, chemical combustion essentially. You had Elon Musk on and he says, you know, it's all Newton's three laws, you can't get anything better. And I remember you asked him, you're like, well maybe if you, what if you could get something better? And he's like, it's impossible.


We have not unified the field in physics. So you have the weak force, the strong force and, and electromagnetism and all of those have been reconciled. Gravity is out here hanging out by itself on an island. So you have the standard model quantum field theory, and you have Einstein's theory of gravity. And the two are not reconcilable. It is my belief that if you were to reconcile them, you could create exotic propulsion, which I think, you know, any even, you know, reasonable theoretical physicist who's credentialed would say, if you could reconcile 'em, that's, that's possible. I think that Thomas Townsend Brown did this experimentally, not theoretically, I don't think he was a very strong theoretical physicist, but I think he did this experimentally.


And so there's this whole hidden history involving anti-gravity. And I get into this in my show with how put off in Eric Weinstein where there's actually this great 1971 Australian joint intelligence organization document that is verified, it's real. D David GRS actually cites it a lot. And it talks about, basically it's this guy, Harry Turner, who's the head of the nuclear division at in Australia, you know, very legit guys. Like they're Oppenheimer, if you will. And, and they, they were actually, they had the a Humira test range in, in southern Australia. So there were some actually British Empire like, like nuclear stuff going on. It was mostly like, I think missile testing, but there are reasons to believe that maybe he started to get interested in UFOs to begin with.


And so he looked into US efforts into, you know, UFO research, but also specifically anti-gravity. And he talks about how after a little bit of investigation, us efforts into anti-gravity are far deeper than meet the Eye in Blue book. This front facing PR campaign that's part of the Air Force is total bs and it's meant to, you know, stigmatize UFOs and, and throw people off the trail. And it's actually, you know, this now declassified document around the Robert, the Robertson memo, which is around this Robertson panel that kind of created the constitution for, for a blue book, all shows that this was the case with Blue Book. He says, actually there were secret anti-gravity programs going on at the time, and they involved and he lists names Oppenheimer Freeman, Dyson, John Wheeler, and Edward Teller.


He lists all these names. The head, head of the, you know, nuclear program in Australia. And so then you have to ask the question, okay, so you have this like official government document saying this stuff, like, does this line up with any artifacts at the time? Well actually in 1956 there's an article in Young Men's Magazine, this kind of aviation hobbyist journal journal by a guy named Michael Gladi. And he is quoting all of the industry experts. You know, he's, bill Lear is quoted who we talked about. Who else is quoted? George Trimble, who's a VP at Martin Corporation, their RIAS, their anti-gravity research program. He says anti-gravity research is, you know, we're gonna, we're, we're gonna figure this out in, in just amount, in just the same amount of time that it took to figure out the atom bomb.


Like it's, it's right around the bend sort of thing. You had the patron of, of bell aircraft. They had just broken the sound barrier with the, with the X 1 19 47. So there you go, Michael. Glad The G engines are coming. Yeah. Whoa. Wow. By far the most potent source of energy is gravity, using it as power future aircraft will attain the speed of light. Holy shit. And, and Bell says like, you know, we're experimenting with nuclear fuels to cancel out gravity. Richard AIT and Stanley Desser look At, they have a diagram of how it would work. It's wild protective boundary layer. Yep.


Cabin electronic rockets, gravity generator, They talk about gravity particles. Stanley Desser and Richard AIT at Princeton are studying this. So What do you think was going on? I think they were deeply investigating anti gr I mean there, there were but you think They had a working model? I think they had an effect called the Byfield Brown effect that showed that you could couple electromagnetism and gravity at a base level And you could do it in a vacuum, which rules out ionized air as the possible reason for threat. So I'll, I'll back up and I'll just give you what the experiment is. Yeah. So it's, you take a capacitor, right? And so a capacitor is a, a positive electrode and a negative electrode.


It's an asymmetric capacitor. So the negative electrode is bigger than the positive capacitor. And the two are in between. The two is an insulator called the high K dielectric. So it's a material that stores a lot of electromagnetic charge. You pump the entire thing with high voltage and low current electricity. And brown used to do it with DC direct current pulses. And you see thrust going from the negative to the positive. And if you do that in air, then you can always say that it's ionized air because ions are being produced.


And then you get this equal and opposite reaction with the wind and then you get this thrust, right? So that's not breaking physics. If you do this in a depressurized vacuum chamber where there basically is no air to to to, to, you know, create this kind of equal and opposite force for the thrust, then you are breaking physics as we know it. There are other things that break physics as we know it. You had Sonny White on, he talked about like the, the kasmir effect, you know, which is a, a real effect that involves not charged, but conductive plates that are very close to each other that seem to attract. There's the bo the AOV bone effect, which might be explained by the electromagnetic four potential.


There are other effects in physics where you don't, you can't quite explain it in the current model, but they are harbinger, if you will, of the next paradigm. I believe that when you find an anomaly, it is pointing towards the next scientific paradigm. Black body radiation is a great example. It was discovered in the 1870s by a guy named Gusav Koff. We could not explain it until the Quantum revolution with Max Plank where he, you know, actually discovered Quanta. The orbit of Mercury is another good example where we didn't understand, you know, we couldn't calculate Mercury's orbit until we had spacetime curvature in Einstein. So Newton didn't quite explain it. So my belief is the Biofield Brown effect is an anomaly that seemed to ostensibly visually unify the field or it's pointing towards something else.


Gravitational shielding or it's pointing towards how put off stuff around, you know, quantum vacuum fluctuations. I don't know, I don't have a great, the theory for how it works. I don't think Brown had an amazing theory for how it works. But it's an effect that I think creates this tech tree of exotic electromagnetic propulsion that leads us to today. And it's an effect that's not supposed to happen. And this, what is this, Jeremy?


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. Some things take time hunting, developing healthy habits, gardening, you have to wait months for a decent crop, but it's rewarding to see all your hard work and patients come to fruition. On the other hand, there are some things you just can't sleep on, like your personal safety. And did you know, most home security systems don't take action until it's too late. That's why I like SimpliSafe. They're on top of things helping you stop break-ins before they happen, not after They use a combination of live monitoring agents and AI powered cameras to keep an eye on your property and detter suspicious people. And you can use it to keep an eye on your garden that you've spent so much time and money on. Speaking of, that's another great thing about SimpliSafe the pricing. They have plans that started around a dollar a day with no hidden fees. What you see is what you get. There's a reason why millions of Americans continue to trust and use SimpliSafe. Don't wait. Get 50% off your new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and your first month free at simplisafe.com/rogan. That's simplisafe.com/rogan for 50% off in your first month free. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


This episode is brought to you by Eight Sleep. You guys must have heard about Eight Sleep by now. Right? You know the company with the sole mission of improving your sleep. So Eight Sleep has just launched a new product, the pod five, it's the latest generation of their signature innovation. A smart mattress cover that automatically regulates your body temperature throughout the night. The result you enjoy up to one full hour of additional quality sleep each night. Just put the pod five on top of your current mattress and let it work its magic. The AI-driven autopilot will learn your sleep patterns and adjust your temperature elevation and wake up timing. And thanks to its built-in sensors, you get a personalized sleep report every morning. No need to wear any devices, head over to Eight Sleep dot com slash rogan and use the code Rogan to get $350 off the pod five Ultra. You still get 30 days to try it at home and return it if you don't like it. But you will love it. I love it. I love mine. And your body will thank you for this investment in better sleep. Eight Sleep shipping to countries worldwide. See details at Eight Sleep dot com slash rogan.


Is that it? The Byfield Brown Effect that is, that, that is Thruster in a vacuum Chamber. Yeah, that, that's a, that's a lateral propeller version of it. And you don't have to listen to me by the way. The lead electrostatics guy at NASA is a guy named Charles Bueller. He's been doing this for 20 years and he's had acts he's at, at at Kennedy Space Center. He is the lead. They use electrostatics to like clean dust off the, you know, lunar lander or whatever. 'cause those particles are actually charged and super. He's the most senior guy in Electrostatics. And he says this is not a conventional electrostatic force. And he attributes his work to Townsend Brown. I could show you in an interview. He, he literally says Townsend Brown was like the first guy to discover this.


He, he, he's updated it a bit. He says that it's not just sheer voltage, you don't need to use mega voltage and actually electric field strength. This the most important thing. So we use kilovolts and he amps up the electric field strength in order to get more thrust. But he has a whole company around this, it's called Exodus space. So like you don't have to list another, another very, you know, credentialed person. If we're, if we're on that, a guy named Carl Nell, who I have reason to believe that some of Brown's work made it into the B two stealth bomber. I don't think it's the anti-gravity part. It's a part called electro hydrodynamics that made it into the B two stealth bomber. But the point is, I interviewed a guy who was the deputy CTO of Northrop Grumman and he also was the Army representative of the UAP task force along with David grs, where they were investigating UFOs.


And he says, I, I was in, in a room, you know, filled with venture capitalists and entrepreneurs. I was like, Carl, these people want actionable stuff. Like can you actually make progress with any of this UFO stuff or is it all like kind of metaphysical, you know, and like, kind of not even wrong as Fineman would say. And he goes, well if you want, you know, some actionable stuff, go watch Jesse's video on Thomas Townsend Brown. And so like I've gotten this time and time again where I've had all these private experiences about, you know, where with Brown, where I'm like, is anybody seeing this? Like, this is crazy And it's, you know, I don't know. It's, it's weird. So let's take this back to, yeah.


When was Brown conducting these experience experiments? Initially, yeah. What year was this? The early twenties. So like 19 23, 24 range. Whoa. He was a child prodigy. So their newspaper clinic, he was from Zanesville, Ohio. He was born in 1905 and 1915. He was, you know, caught in the garden or whatever using charged rods to get worms to ascend to the top of the soil. Then at age 12, he, the World War government under Woodrow Wilson, it was probably the local government told him to take down a wireless transmitter that he had created, an antenna that he had created like this walkie talkie system that he had developed at the time.


And there, there's newspaper clippings talking about this at the time that like totally corroborate this. He then goes to Caltech, he studies under a guy named Robert Milliken, who's actually a really well-respected physicist who was helped develop Einstein's photoelectric effect, or actually, you know, demonstrated experimentally Milliken doesn't really give him the time of day on, on the biofield brown effect. And the way he discovered the effect is actually he was using Coolidge X-ray tubes. So these were really early x-ray tubes and they have every x-ray tube has, or every Coolidge tube has a cathode in an anode. So a negative in a positive electrode. And he would pump it full of, you know, high voltage electricity and the wire would jump and then he would ha he would actually, he would put it in a fixed chassis And it would keep jumping and then he would suspend it from, you know, the ceiling And it would keep jumping.


And he was like, what's going on? Like this isn't supposed to happen. And there are ways to again explain that away via traditional electrostatics. So he later got the idea to do this in a vacuum chamber and really prove it. But after Caltech, he then goes to Denison University where he studies under a guy named Paul Alfred Byfield. And Denison University for the longest time has denied that relationship and now they're admitting it, which is, I find really funny. The, the archivist there is now admitting it. There is an affidavit from the Navy saying, where Paul Al Alfred Feld signs a a letter saying, I witnessed this effect. It's an anomalous effect. From there he goes on and it's witnessed by a guy named Victor Bertus who's at the right Patterson or right airfield at the time flight test division.


He's working with Colonel Albert Boyd on all the, you know, crazy flight tests in 1952. He says, believe it or not, I saw a model of a flying saucer. And I was frightened and I'm frightened for it getting out because, and I'm paraphrasing a little bit because I believe it's in the stage of early atomic development. And that's 1952. He then shows a fan precipitator experiment, which really shows the electro hydrodynamic effect, which is similar but not the same as the, the electromagnetism gravity thing to Edward Teller, the father of the hbo And Edward Teller himself says, I don't know how this works. And then his wife turns to Townsend Brown's daughter, and I have this, by the way, on a phone call where with Townsend Brown's daughter who's saying this all happened.


It turns to, to, to her. And she says, I've never heard him say that. 'cause he's such a genius. I mean he was Hungarian brilliant, you know, father of the hbo. And so you have all these interesting eyewitnesses. Ed Brown was an associate of Bill Lear. You have video of Bill Lear and Townsend Brown together in a lab in the Bateson lab in North Carolina together. In fact, there's a Chapel Hill conference in 1957, which is basically creates quantum gravity of which the offshoot is string theory. And actually Eric Weinstein talked about it on your show. And it's at the Institute of Field Physics in North Carolina Chapel Hill.


They are funding brown's work in the back room. And there is video of Brown working on his experiments working under Agnew Batson. And in that 1971 Australian Tel Intelligence memo, you have all these outposts of anti-gravity research. U University of North Carolina is one of those outposts. It's crazy. And says the CIA's Office of Scientific Intelligence is coordinating all of this stuff. The president of University of North Carolina in the fifties around this time is a guy named Gordon Gray, who's a super spooky guy who he, he he, he revoked Oppenheimer's Q clearance and he's also implicated in these sort of MJ 12 documents, which I don't necessarily wanna mush in with Brown.


It has to be viewed through that sort of passage material like limited hangout lens. But Gordon Gray's this very interesting character. The point is that the people who were sending physics down the wrong path with the Chapel Hill conference, and this is a conference in 1957 that convenes the top theoretical physicist in the world. Freeman Dyson, Peter Bergman, Feinman was there, John Wheeler was there, Bryce Dewitt all these people at the same time, they were funding in the back room, this kind of zany inventor Townsend Brown who is performing these experiments in vacuum chambers. And there's video of him popping champagne where it's like, why are you popping champagne? Probably 'cause he got a successful experiment.


That was the second time he had, he had tested this in a vacuum. So again, it's, it's reduced, it's eliminating this sort of ionized wind effect. Before that, a year before that in Paris at the Monier facilities, he performed this in a vacuum. And this guy named Jacques Corne was this, he died in 2009, but Townsend Brown's biographer has him on record in a, in a phone call that is recorded saying the tests were very tricky, but in the end we got it to work. And he's on his deathbed and he's saying all of this, and you have an 120 page or 125 page report for the Alite project. And when Brown comes back to the, to America, he's picked up, according to his daughter, Linda, by a guy named Robert Sar Barker who runs ramp.


I mean there's so many sar bacher stories when it comes to UFOs. He says that UFOs are classified at two points higher than the hbo. He's talking to this guy Wilbert Smith, who's this magnetics expert in, in, in Canada about their experimentations via, you know, with UFOs. And so he's the guy that picks up and he's head of Washington National Labs and running research and development for van of our bush at the time. And he's the guy who picks up brown where it's like, okay, we've, we've gotta take, take this seriously because you've got it to work in a vacuum. The idea that they've kept all this secret for all these years seems impossible. I don't think it is t to me. Yeah, sure. I mean I I'm sure it's not Yeah. But You know what I mean. But from my limited understanding of how things work and secretive government projects that they could have a gravity propulsion system in place for decades.


Yeah, it seems crazy to me. But he had something, brown had something called his Wounded Prairie chicken routine, which is basically showing people something called, it was basically the electro hydrodynamic effect, which is not the electrogravidic effect. So these are two very different things. One is coupling again, electromagnetism and gravity somehow, or creating some gravity shielding or whatever. You can do this in a vacuum. And then the other thing is what you can see on YouTube videos, which is associated with Townsend Brown, where you have basically these balsa wood structures. You have tinfoil at the bottom and you have a copper wire at the top. The copper wire is the positive electrode, the tinfoil is the negative electrode.


The copper wire is producing ions, which is creating thrust because those neutral ions are bombarding the wind, which is creating thrust in, in a certain direction. So that is an experiment that is 95% similar to the electrogravidic thing. It, it wears the mantle of being electrogravidic, but it's actually using this other principle that you can just describe using normal physics. And, you know, Newton's laws Well what about material science? Like what about the actual structure itself? You know, because this is where it gets really weird, right? Yeah. The, the, these nano layers of whatever the material is that's being used.


What, what was the There's bismuth. Bismuth, yeah. So this, This is what's crazy. So magnesium bismuth shows up a lot. It shows up in Thomas Townsend Brown's Winterhaven proposal in 1954 where he's describing these electrogravidic effects because it's a high K dielectric, it stores a lot of electromagnetic charge, but it also shows up, there's actually an interview with Louis Whitten who's the father of Ed Whi, who's this master strength theorist that Eric says is the Michael Jordan of physics, you know, on your show. Yeah. And he, Louis Whitten says there was a guy named Townsend who discovered an isotope of, of, of bismuth that would repel instead of attracting who's named Townsend at that time.


It's clearly, he's talking about Townsend Brown. If you actually look at Gary Nolan's samples that he, stu Gary Nolan is Yes, you know, a a, a PhD at Stanford. He's a tenured professor and he, he is, you know, spun out multiple nine figure companies in biotechnology. Really smart guy. He runs the Soul Foundation. They're studying sort of, you know, non-human intelligence. He has these samples, various samples of different crash materials that he's gotten from Jacques Vallee who've you've had on as the French godfather of ufology who, you know, his address is posted online. If you see a crash, you send it to Jacques. Jacques, you know, sends a lot of his materials to Gary. One of the materials is magnesium bismuth. And this was apparently, I, I believe this was the material that they found around the Roswell crash, I think.


And magnesium bismuth is a high K dielectric, and it's, it's over and over again. It's mentioned by Thomas Townsend Brown. So you have this, this weird thing around the material that creates more thrust via these anti-gravity experiments is also showing up in UFO lore. Do, do you explore the possibility the Roswell crash was not of from another world? That's where it gets weird, man, because that was early, right? That was July of 1947. Right? Like, so the bismuth thing, like, and when, when you're talking about the way this stuff is layered, that's where it gets really weird. Right? That's where it's weird. It's, it's layered thinner than a, you know, it's like micron layered, like thinner than human hair is, I think the hell put off quote on this.


Yeah. And I don't know the provenance on that and I don't know, you know, per games being played in this space, I don't know if that actually came from the Roswell crash. It was like, but If it didn't come from the Roswell crash, it like, let's imagine, is it possible to make that stuff today? And with those layers Hal put off would say no. And it's probably beyond my material science knowledge, but Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. P people who are very smart on this subject, like Hal and Gary, who I speak to, you know, at a decent frequency, say no. Okay. So if they say no, maybe they're wrong. Maybe there is a lab somewhere that can recreate it, but could they recreate it at scale?


Like could they 3D print that to something that could actually get people inside and fly around? And then could that have been done in 1947? That's where it gets super fucking weird. It gets super weird because you, You, you know, there's some leaps, right? Okay. We had the, the hbo, you know, we had, we had atomic energy. We, we had a lot of stuff back then. They split the atom. There's some really incredible advances. I don't believe we had anti-gravity that I, like if I track Brown's stuff at the time, which I think, you know, he was kind of the tip of the spear on this stuff. He was using these capacitor models, right? And trying to get that experimentally proven and, and sometimes being thwarted via like, you know, mainstream academic circles at that time.


Like the, the, the Chapel Hill conference was much later. And that's where he's like kind of officially proving this stuff in the US government context in 1957. So I do not believe that the Roswell crash is easily explained by an anti gr early anti gr Kelly Goddard, who's a father of American rocketry, was doing rocket testing at around Roswell at the time. Like, and so that's like total chemical combustion. You had V twos at the time where, you know, yeah. That was top of the line. So this opens up the door to the possibility of back engineering. Absolutely. Which is where it gets really weird. So now it's, we're not dealing with hidden science. We're not dealing with top secret compartmentalized like, you know, need to know everything's pushed away into skunk works and wherever the fuck it's done.


You're talking about something that's not from here. Well it's interesting you say back engineering in 1949, there is a contract that anybody can look up. I put it on the doc Jamie, between Wright Patterson, it was Wright Airfield at the time and Batel Memorial Institute. And you have James Eyes light up And you got shout out Columbus, Ohio. All roads lead to Ohio, right? Yeah. And you have all these titanium alloys and one of them is called Nitinol, which is a nickel titanium alloy. So This is 49, This is 1949. Wow. And so if you have, you know, army Intelligence officer, you know, Jesse Marcel says that he picks up the, the crash material and he says that it was like this memory shape, metal memory metal thing that you would kind of, you know, mess with it And it would go back into its original form, right?


It was like this kind of like tinfoil like thing. And so Nitinol was found at a Navy lab in the sixties. That was when it was actually fully published. But you have this contract between right pat, right Airfield and Batel Memorial Institute where you have nitinol in as one of the metal metals that they're testing. Not only that, in 49, in 2012, they foia, they used the Freedom of Information Act to figure out that a guy named Elroy j John Center, EJ Center was one of the co-authors of that paper. Elroy John Center died I think in 1991. Before that he had told two Muon UFO researchers, Nick Nickerson and Irene Scott, and they presented this at Muon in Ohio in 1992.


They said this guy was this metallurgist, he worked at Patel again, he's been FOIAed as part of this paper. And he says, I worked on alien material and that there were weird hieroglyphics on it. And that I had to, I had to like, you know, I was, I was, I was a che he was a chemist. And so he had to look at like metal impurities, but he was also meant to decipher the, the, you know, hieroglyphics on it or whatever. And so, I don't know, was Nitinol maybe just inspired by the stuff that Marcel recovered? 'cause obviously the rumors are that the Roswell crash wreckage ended up at Wright Airfield. Or was it, you know, this one-to-one thing. And EJ Center is at the center of it, no pun intended, where he's FOD in 2012.


And he says he has these uf he's, he's looking at UFO material and he's on record working at Patel. You can look that up, You know, well, not only is there record that the Roswell crash was brought to, right, But that it was brought in two separate jets in case it crashed and that Truman met them there. Yep. I don't, I don't know if that's true. I need to know that. I Wanna see a photo of the fucking hieroglyphs. I know. Could you imagine the glimpse at alien writing? Do you think that would be amazing? Do you think you have a better chance now than ever at being, 'cause you interviewed Trump. Would Trump let you be the disclosure guy and I could be the water boy on the side making sure that the pH Oh dude, That's possible.


I don't think they tell Trump shit. I think they, they would withhold that from him. Why would you tell that guy? Yeah, I mean that guy's a substitute teacher as far as the government's concerned. I mean, he's doing a lot of wild stuff in terms of like, you know, withholding funding for Harvard and all these different things and the border stuff and the ice stuff. There's a, a lot of stuff that I think are, that is allowed to go on. But I think if you get to the highest levels of technological sophistication, black budget stuff that has been kept under wraps for fucking decades, you think they're gonna tell the guy who is the host of The Apprentice? I don't think they tell him because I think he's only in there for four years.


Probably not with two caveats. One is his son, Don Junior, interviewed him and said, what do you think happened at Roswell? And he said, well, I think there's something very interesting that might have. Yeah, that's all he ever says. And He say he was on your show too. Yeah. He Doesn't spill the beans at all. But I mean, maybe he doesn't spill the beans 'cause he doesn't know where the beans are. Right? Maybe he's looking for more of a smoking guy. Like he needs to know more. I mean, well, is that really his primary concern? He's a 78-year-old man who doesn't do drugs. Right. Like is, you know, he's had no psychedelic experiences. Maybe he's not even interested in this concept. I think about that sometimes with people on the hill that I speak to where I'm like, can you just like, I'm giving you all this info.


Can you Think outside the Box? Figure it out. Yeah. And they, they don't compute it, right? There's some, there's a person who like, you're the archetype of this who's like so fascinated by it, right? And then there is a person who goes, but I gotta pay taxes, dude. Yeah. They have to get reelected.


There's this episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. Summer is here at last. That means it's time to go enjoy that vacation you've been planning for months, but before you hop on a plane or hit the beach, make sure everything is taken care of at your job. Nobody wants to work on vacation. If you're hiring, there's a fast and easy way to stay on top of things. Zip Intro. It's ZipRecruiter's newest feature that helps you find and meet qualified candidates in a matter of days. And more importantly, you can try it for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan with zip intro. When you post your job, it'll immediately find and schedule interviews with top talent. You could be talking with people the very next day. All you have to do is pick a time and to really speed things up, you can schedule back to back Video calls, make the most of your summer. Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with zip intro only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro Post jobs today, talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


This episode is brought to you by Montana Knife Company makers of the best, most sought after knives out there. The company was founded by my friend Josh Smith. He's been making knives since he was 11 years old and became a master bladesmith at just 19, which is wild 'cause there's only about 140 to 150 master bladesmiths in the world. Plus these knives are made right here in the USA, right in Montana. And they're designed, tested, and built by hunters. For hunters. I've been loving the Magna Cut Blackfoot 2.0. When Master Blade Smith, my friend Josh Smith, launched Montana Knife Company. He set out to create the ultimate do it all knife, small and light enough to pack on a goat hunt durable enough to completely field dress a moose and shaped a gut cape skin and de-bone with ease. He called this flagship knife the Blackfoot, And it remains his go-to blade. And I love it as well. It's truly the only hunting knife you'll ever need. Although MKC is still a young company, the demand is already crazy. Literally every time they drop a batch, they sell out in minutes. So if you want to be the first to know, sign up for SMS alerts for exclusive knife drops and their email newsletter to get notified about restocks or go to Montana knife company.com and see what's available now.


Super busy. Yeah, you, you'd have to find someone whose primary concern is that. And that bug has to bite you. It has to bite you. You have to get infected with UFO Lyme Disease if you, if you don't, you're not gonna want to release all this stuff. And I don't think Trump is infected. I mean, I think his, even the way he describes these things is very different than the way he describes other things. Like he famously was talking to Steve Hilton and it was one of the few times in history that a, a sitting president has mentioned the military industrial complex wanting to go to war. These guys want to go to war. And he was saying that in that interview.


And I remember thinking, Newark, wow, that is wild to hear him say to a guy on Fox News that there's factions in this incredibly dense complex of corporations and defense contractors and there's insane amounts of money involved and these guys want to go to war. And he was saying that in that interview. And I'm like, this is, I mean, this is what Eisenhower said when he was leaving office. Straight up. Yeah. Straight up. There's A, there's a straight line between then and now And it feels like it's hitting this apex where we're involved in it. It's like you had the Civil War, you know, 1861 now we have like a deep state war going on.


Yes, yes. Where it's like tulsi ISS going in there as an outsider and this like light warrior and she's being like red teamed and attacked and she doesn't know who's on her side. Yeah. It's crazy. Yeah, It's it's pretty wild. It's pretty wild how nothing gets done And you know, And it's set up so nothing gets done. But my point is that Trump, his response to that is an informed response. Like there's, there's this military industrial complex, these people want to go to war. He doesn't talk about this UAP thing that way. Right. He's like, I've seen some things, crazy things. What is that? What are you saying? Like what? Be specific you Handsome pilots. They, you know, crew cuts like you, they look like Good guys, nice guys, good Americans.


Like what, what, what, what do you know? You Know, didn't he say something, you know, on your podcast about men from Mars or something? He goes, the, the people from Mars or something. I don't, he, it's hard with him because he speaks in this sing songy oversimplified way. Yes. And he rants. And he rants and he, well he's got a strong rant muscle, right? Because he does these stadium tours where he goes to these enormous places and he basically just works without a script. So it's like he's got a rant muscle. There's a few people, like Tim Dylan is the best comedian who has a rant muscle. So good. He just can rant you just like get a microphone in front of him and a subject and he knows what to say that Trump has that muscle. He's developed that muscle over all these years of campaigning.


And so it's really hard to interview him 'cause he just essentially turns on that ramp muscle when the mic's on. And you gotta like interject, like, hold on. Okay. But what are you saying? Like, what do you know? Like what do you know? Like will you release this information? Like what, what if you found out that for sure we have been visited and that we are in possession of crashed UFOs, that were not made by China, that were not made by Russia, they're not made by America. They're from another civilization that we don't understand. Would you tell us What, what do you think you would say? There's a lot of information. I don't know if I can release it.


I don't know if they'd let me, you know, like, I don't know what holds it back. I wanna know if he's an like did you see Age of Disclosure? I didn't actually. You should. It's really good. I, I mean I don't know how you would see it right now 'cause it's not released yet and I don't know what they're doing as far as getting it released. But did You come out believing more and more skeptical? What was your Both. Both. Yeah. With like, with all of it. I think some, some is bullshit. Some of it is misinformation, some of it is they're releasing this slow trickle. Like if it all is real. I think the strategy is to slowly get us accustomed to the concept.


Just the idea that we're not alone and just get it in there. Okay, first step, first shot across the bow, 2017 New York Times. New York Times says not of this world. Oh my god. You know, you see the, the pictures of the gimbal and the go fast and you're like, okay, alright, now we're talking. But that's eight fucking years ago. Right? Nothing real significant in eight years. And so then you have sightings, you have these, you know, there's different pilots. Commander Fravor, he comes out, he does podcasts. You have Ryan Graves, he comes down and does podcasts. You know, you have Lou Elizondo. Everybody's talking. No one's showing you shit.


Yeah. You Had Fowler who you had on your show. I had Fowler. What did you think of him? I thought that he's, they've gotta show data they have on their website, like a container for the data. They haven't populated it yet. I want to see the data and I want to see a scientist who, they don't have to be debunker or a skeptic, but they have to kind of go in being like, I don't know what UFOs are. Like I don't know anything about this stuff. Right. What is this? And like, vetting it now, being as deep as I am in UFO research where like I know there's a nuclear connection. There's a great book by a guy named Robert Hastings called U UFOs and Nukes. And it's like 600 pages And it is 167 q cleared ICBM, security personnel, radar operators, employees at nuclear bases where they're saying they see tic tacs, orbs, saucers, all sorts of stuff flying around our nuclear sites often disarming the nukes.


And so it's always tough to answer that question where you're like, what do you think of Sky Watcher? I'm like, if I don't have that ontology where like UFOs are showing up around nukes constantly, which I've, I'm deep in this. And they, they do, they show up all around the world. There's a, a town in Japan called Eno, which is next to the Fukushima pre fracture. Fukushima was famous for its civilian nuclear grid, which was built in the 1970s that have a mu it has a museum dedicated to UFOs in the nineties that they built. Everybody there is obsessed with UFOs. Vice did a documentary in 20 20 10, 20 22. 'cause they are obsessed with u with UFOs. They're geomagnetic anomalies. They found all over this mountain. Senon Maori there and their UFO researchers there. And like everybody in that town believes in UFOs, bar Loche, Argentina, 1995.


You have a commercial. They, they're famous for, again, civilian nuclear grid, commercial pilot at Linas, Argentina or whatever famous UFO sighting it, it, it shuts down the power at the airport. And it thing has the, the, the, the, the plane can't land. And then it goes around in a circle and there are people on the, on the flight who are, have been interviewed. It's on a, you know, the YouTube video. It's pretty simple and easy to digest. Even Roswell, 1947, the largest stockpile of American nuclear weapons to date at that time, 1947. So there are all these declassified documents. In 1949 there was a, a, an emergency meeting declassified Air Force docu document that is verified between Air Force Office of Special Investigations Army counterintelligence, army, C-I-C-F-B-I, office of Naval Intelligence.


All these guys are emergency meeting because they're freaked out at how much UFOs are showing up around nuclear sites across the US in 1952, there's a Look magazine article where Captain Edward j Rupel, who's kind of marginalized pre Blue book, really taking off with Jalen Hynek, who I think was basically a disin info agent where he really I do, yeah. And he's claimed to have like, gotten better and kind of be, you know, like, like I I, he admitted his part in the coverup, but then I think he kept going on with some, some interesting fuckery. Yeah. Oh yeah. So there's so, so if you don't have that anthology, there's even, there's Lia Alexeev is a, a Russian general and in a German magazine from 2000, he's interviewed and he talks about how UFOs show up at the forefront of human ingenuity and advancement.


And when we transport certain material, the UFOs show up in chapter nine of the Invisible College by Jacques Vallee. He talks about the UFOs being this sort of autonomous control system. And when we, you know, it's like a, a node lights up, like when we engage in super advanced research or something, he talks about ways to interfere with the control system, But that are very dangerous. So if you don't have that ontology, like, yeah, me saying like, these dudes are out with their mobile construction unit, like in the desert, like, you know, getting stuff to show up, you're gonna be like, that's a fucking Mylar balloon. I'm sorry. Right. But because you, if you have that, if you accept that data set and don't just dismiss it kind of firsthand, I do think they can get stuff to show up what they're getting to show up.


I don't know. Can they get it to land? I don't know. They're, you know, I think So can you explain how they're getting this stuff to show up? What signals they're putting out there that represent something to these supposedly something to these UAPs? Unfortunately, they kind of black box it. And so I have to assume it's either nuclear. They do say that they have a dog whistle, which is a certain frequency. There is a frequency floating around online that somebody claims to have docked. That might be their thing, but I don't wanna say that. That's definitely their thing. So there are, But the idea is they call them, They call them, They, They Use something to send a signal out there. And then these crafts respond, is it a hundred percent of the time They say that the dog whistle works a hundred percent of the time and they have a combination of mechanical means of attracting UFOs and of, this is really weird, but humans trying to call in the UFOs.


I've heard that before, right? Yeah. C five is sort of a common, I'm Not gonna close that on our show, I don't think. But is that what you're talking about? I don't wanna make it. That might be, yeah. 2.5 K. What do you not wanna make, Jenny? I Don't know. Do you want me to show this or not? I don't know if, if he's saying it's bad, I don't want to give it No, I'm not saying it's bad, I don't think. Seems Like it's on red. I think It's fine. I don't think, I don't think it on their own then I don't think Sky Watcher would like say that. That's definitely, you know, endorsed that as their thing, but, 'cause they kind of black box it. But that could be, that could be real. Okay. So what it's saying, want to know how to make the dog whistle for summoning UAP. Here's how super easy, what's his signal? 7.83 hertz carrier via modulated 100 hertz base tone Schumann resonance.


Do you understand any of this? Me? Yeah. Do You know what they're saying? Well, I guess Schumann resonance is the kind of, you know, electromagnetic frequency of the earth itself. And so I, I don't know what that means. Modulated via, What is this? 5 28 hertz harmonic spiritual frequency. What is that? That's the lowest tone. I don't know. Is that what It's Jamie. I, I just know the numbers. So like when you get up to 17 k, that's like, that's a high, that's a real high pitch. Like, Oh, and the high numbers like that are low. Yeah. And then low is, oh, so it's just a, that's a thousand and then not thousands. So 20 hertz is as low as you can hear. That's like a low bass sound. Mm. So I guess there's being generated out of some sort of machine, which doesn't say here on what you need to generate it, but I know if you just played on a piano or anything, you know.


Interesting. And then organic 2.5 hertz chirps every ten second, like creature calls giving you it unique signature. Huh? I don't know where he would get this Could Be a kook. Yeah, that's Right. It used to be a kook. I just asking, There's so many kooks out there. There are a lot. Boy, there's so many kooks, there's so many kooks KS and grifters infiltrated. It's Every, so my, my contrarian take about UFOs is there are so many kooks and grifters, but there are more people with ulterior motives who are telling partial truths than full kooks and grifters. Yeah. And that makes it so complicated.


'cause you're like, you're bad vibes and you like are doing some controlled opposition thing, but like, I have to listen to you because you have some interesting info. Right. That's the problems when you're talking. I've had conversations with people like that where I'm talking to 'em like, I think you're at least partially full of shit, but like, keep going. Yeah. Tell me more. Yeah, totally. You like, I know there's some stuff and then I know there's some bullshit you're giving me and you want to see if I'll tell somebody else that bullshit and then you'll track it and like, right, right, right. It's this weird game. Well, there in the age of disclosure, one of the things they go into is that if these programs have been running and if they have been batch back engineering crafts that are not of this world, there's a problem with lying to Congress because misappropriation of funds.


So anybody who did that is going to jail. So what they're calling for is mass amnesty. They're calling to say, Hey, you know, we've got to give amnesty to these people that were involved in this program, otherwise we're never gonna learn anything. And then there's the problem with corporations. So if you give this to Lockheed Martin, You know, what does General Electric think about that? Well, hey, you motherfuckers, how come you didn't include us? So then they wanna sue, so then they sue the federal government for, you know, whatever interfering with competition. I, yes. So there are all those issues. And right now the UAP Disclosure Act is up again. It was killed by a guy named Mike Turner who has a bunch of aerospace. The fuck, Mike.


Mike, come on. Mike Turner. Come On, Mike. He's out now. Oh, he's out. He, he, and guess what he represented Dayton, Ohio. Where? Right. Patterson Air Force basis. Jamie. Sorry. Jamie. Jamie Gets so excited when you'd bring up Batel and all the Ohio shit. We've gone deep. I mean, Batel is very implicated in all this stuff From the forties, From the forties, from the forties. The all domain anomalies resolution office, which is like the authoritative office that is, I think the modern Blue book that's, you know, basically saying, don't look here. Like this is all bullshit or whatever. Yeah. It's run by a guy named s Sean Kirkpatrick. He has all these like atomic connections. He like worked at Oak Ridge for god's sakes.


He, the guy that formed Arrow upon whose recommendation Arrow was formed was a guy named Ed Multry, who is under Secretary of Defense for intelligence. And he was on Patel's board and he scrubbed that from his LinkedIn. And my good friend UAP Gerb, who is an amazing channel, he's super deep. UFO researcher showed that this was, it was on his resume. And then he recommends this, that arrow forms, it's like, it a total conflict of interest. It's insane's insane. Yeah. The there's so many bottlenecks to disclosure, like legal Bottlenecks. Yes. Yeah. Especially the misappropriation of funds.


Yeah. I mean, I mean, how much money was involved? Well, you're, you must be talking about billions and billions and billions of dollars if all these programs are real. So if they've been lying to Congress, It's on the order. It has to be on. And it's funny, a lot of modern disclosure talks about OSAP and aip, these programs from 2007 to 2012, kind of under the auspice of Harry Reed. Right. And it, that budget was $22 million. A single F 35 costs four times that the B two costs like $2 billion. Like gimme a break. The nature of reality, you're gonna spend $22 million on. So it's funny how the, the whole conversation is on this, like clearly this thing to like get more civilian eyes on the issue, maybe see what they can figure out or whatever.


Yeah. The core program, if there is a core program, which obviously I believe there's a core program. It's on the order of that speech that you've often cited that Donald Rumsfeld made on September 10th Yeah. 2001 where he said $2 trillion was missing from the pentagon's, but it's shit like that. Or this woman named Catherine Austin Fitz, who was just on Tucker Carlson, who is at Housing and Urban Development under George Bush 41, where she's talking about underground tunnel systems and billions of dollars missing in the budget. It is not this little 10, $20 million. Yeah. She's Talking about a $21 trillion breakaway civilization that's been developed. Yeah. It's like what?


Yeah. And she says it at, at a moment, first of all, she's citing Richard Dolan, who Richard Dolan is like hardcore UFO researcher, half that interview. And Tucker Carlson doesn't know who Richard Dolan is. So it's this funny thing. And then she go and then he's like, where are the funds being used? And she goes, space. And it's like, where it's not being used at. SpaceX supposed to be the tip of the spear. Right? Right. SpaceX Blue Origin. So like, what do you mean space, like, right. SpaceX is basically like those fucking go-karts that people send down hills with no engines. Right. You know what I mean? Like one of those things called, you know those things when they have races where people, they they make their own little like Down the Hill Derby? No, no, not the, yeah, yeah. One of soap boxes is the little one soap boxes.


Yeah. That's what it's like. Yeah. That's what SpaceX says. Yeah, exactly. Right. If we have any of this shit, that's what SpaceX is. Yeah. It's using really ancient technology to achieve these results. It's business model. It's, and I think Elon's amazing. He's single-handedly re resuscitated nasa, but it is a, it is an earth-based space company. I think He keeps stuff sacred. He does. He absolutely keeps stuff secret When he tells me there's no evidence of aliens that like, there's something about it that just stinks when he's saying it. I'm like, okay, So you okay. I I'm Looking at him. I, yeah. Nothing. Yeah. You don't think nothing.


I'll Pop something. I just wanna see if Jesse's heard of this before. I found, I stumbled down this when you guys were talking about some stealth project. This is an article from Wire in 1994. I looked up the guy Who wrote it. He's wrote a bunch of articles about the black budget back then. And he is talking about a guy named Steve Douglas who through monitoring, like the, sorry, the communications. He heard different pilots talking about what probably is the TR three Black Manta. Mm. And then it says he is got a picture of it. I couldn't find it anywhere online. It's nothing even close comes up to it. But this says he had a video of it, a picture. I'm assuming some people have seen it 'cause it talks about it.


Then it goes into talking more and more about how he, how he did this. And he says he is got files of them talking about all sorts of different planes at night that you were mentioning the M six aura. When I was like, when, when you said that is when I found this on here. That's, that's Fascinating thing. Fascinat, I, I haven't seen it. There's obviously tons of rumors about the TR three A and the TR three B. The Belgian wave occurred around this time, I think it was like late eighties, early nineties. I think a lot of the triangle craft that people see are human. Mm. Because it's just, it's a derivative. The Phoenix Light stuff like, 'cause a lot of people saw it during the Phoenix Lights. They saw the Triangle Craft. Yeah, that's Kurt Russell was actually flying his plane and saw the Phoenix Lights. This is the one I brought up the other day that they said they think was in Desert Storm.


And they just don't really have That's wild. Any proof online today. So, wow. The tier three B is the tr this looks like the triangle thing that everybody's seen. Yeah. Look what is the fucking center of it? What is that all about? Well, this is just probably someone maybe, you know, a photo trying to describe it. I know, but the bottom of it is what everybody says. You know, Those three lights, why? So the, the TR three series that was built by Northrop, I believe, is that right? Like Aurora was locking That was, I think so if you confirm that That's what it looked Like, they no one knows. This is like, no one has any proof of these. Even existing, all the talk online is back into the nineties of just like, do these exist? We probably have them so no one knows for sure. So here's a weird, okay, so I think it's, this is North, I think tier three, the tier three series is Northrop.


So the connection between Northrop and Townsend Brown is in the mid sixties. Townsend Brown is being funded by a guy named Floyd Odlum. Floyd Odlum is the, the majority owner of Northrop pre-merger with Grumman. And so Townsend Brown is doing these experiments at Guidance technologies. His outfit in Santa Monica. This was all this investment, was inspired by Edward Teller seeing his experiment and freaking out. He's doing these experiments. Bill Lear is actually has an office across the street. They're doing all sorts of cool, innovative stuff. He does a series of presentations. Curtis lame for the Rand Corporation for all sorts of kind of, you know, head honchos when it comes to American military in 1967.


Guidance technologies shuts down with no explanation. They say, you know, our results all failed. But after a bunch of these, a series of these high level meetings, that was at the end of 1967. Three months later, at the beginning of 1968, Northrop publishes a paper called Electro Aerodynamics and Supersonic Flow, or in Supersonic Flow. And it is basically paying homage to electro hydrodynamics and Townsend Brown's work. It is exactly part and parcel. Townsend Brown's work. They then do a press release at the time they retract the press release because they're embarrassed. Then later, bill Scott at Aviation Week in I think 1992 says the, the B two surfs its own wave using the Byfield Brown effect.


There's a, a guy who's known as the doan of British Aviation journalism. His name is Bill Guston. And he and, and Air International Magazine is doing a survey level overview of all aero engine techs since World War ii. And he says, I am, I'm familiar with the Rudi Rudiments of Thomas Townsend Brown's work, but I don't want to end up in the Tower of London. So I will refrain from talking about millions of volts charge positive to millions of volts charge negative on the trailing edge of the wing of the B two. Stealth Palmer. What? Yes. And so what is The Tower of London? What's that Reference to? He's just saying, I don't wanna end up in jail.


Tower of London's probably where Jack the Ripper ended up, or I don't think it was like in, you know, but he's like, don't get on my ass. Surfs Its own wave. Surfs its own wave. So if you put that electro aerodynamics and supersonic flow paper, which is available, you could put that into chat GBT and how it could be like, how can this confer an advantage to an airframe for, you know, let's do that. Yeah, you can do that. And it Let's do that. I'll, I'll tell you what its excited do. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's wild. It's wild. I'll give you a bunch of answers that its own way. So that's the paper. Yeah. How do I download it? Huh? Electoral aerodynamics. So my point, if the t, if the TR three A and B are real, like the B two, the B two is still so locked down.


We sell F 30 fives to Allied nations, Norway, Canada, you know, whatever. We don't sell B twos to anybody, even including allied nations. The, the, the the, the ticket price is 2 billion. They have a new version of the B two that's, you know, I think like 700 million or whatever. But they weren't built at scale. They're extremely locked down. It's pretty crazy. Wow. So what would they be doing? Like how would it be surfing its own wave? Like what, what advantage would that confer? If you do this chat GPT thing, it'll say it doesn't split the air flow as much. And so you get more lift and there's reduced drag.


The, the shockwave is reduced. The electric field somehow interact with the particles at the boundary layer where the, the frame hits the air. Mm. And so there are a bunch of theoretical things that are honestly probably a little above my pay grade, But that even, you know, conventional AI will tell you that it will do as far as being helped Gun to head. How far do you think they've gotten this stuff? Man, I mean, this stuff was being, this was like eighties and they were probably maybe did building in the early eighties or maybe late seventies. So definitely way farther than that, you know. So Do, do you entertain the possibility that this thing that Lazar talked about that we see on the desk right there, the sport model, do you think that that was ours?


That feels really hard for me to, to, to say in good faith because that was around the time that the BT was just being unveiled Also. No seams. No Seams. Looks like It's 3D printed. Totally element one 13 or one 15 rather. And this generator that nobody understands. Yeah. I, I'm def I think that is more of the variety of something that would crash in the New Mexico desert. That is, and this is where it gets weird because everybody wants a clean solution. Everybody wants the, the anti-gravity, the UFOs to be a cover for the anti-gravity, Including Lazar. Like he said, when he saw the sticker on it, there was an American flag sticker on the sport model. He's like, oh, I get it.


This, these are ours. Yep. That's why people keep seeing them. And then as he starts examining these things, he's like, no. Yep. This is not ours. Like, what the fuck is, this is meant for three foot tall things. Yeah. There's no controls in this. Like, what is this? If reality has a governor on it and we're, we're in weird territory, we're just talking about AI and all this stuff is just getting so weird. Quantum computing, if reality has a governor on it, like a, like a governor on a motor, right? You take the governor off, do you get, is it like a hydra where you cut the head off and you get five in its place? Or do you get one neat solution? You don't get one neat solution. Right. Of course not. It's a zoo of things. Right. And so at the time that like the government's kind of unraveling and all these, we have all these transparency initiatives or whatever, and you get these secret science lineages and then our, our apertures are open, people are waking up to greater realities.


The fact that the pandemic could even happen like is sort of so crazy. And then it makes you question, it was like, what, what about the Gulf of Tonkin, USS Maine and all these things. Yeah. I think all of this stuff is coming out at the same time. And it's not necessarily this neat solution where the anti-gravity just, you know, accounts for the UFOs and the aliens. Right. And the UFOs and nuke stuff, which was happening since the forties. Right. Where it's like, I don't, I don't know how I, I can't explain that via anti-gravity experiments. Whew. And then there's a question of how many, yeah. How many different civilizations visit us? Yeah. How many different things, how many different versions of these things are there? If this is like a testing ground, is it, is this open to the general public of space?


Al also not zero or one. Right. Probably zero or a hundred. It's probably a zoo of things. Right? Right. It's just the most likely Thing. That was what was interesting about your episode that you did with Fowler where they were documenting the different shapes. And I'm like, okay, where's the flying saucer? Right. You don't have a flying saucer on this. Yeah. How come you don't have a flying saucer? You have all these other shapes. Totally. You have a tic-tac, you have a Tetris or whatever the fuck it is. Where's the one that everybody sees? The iconic Yeah. Billy Myers. Yeah. Yeah. That's weird. Yeah. You know, it is Weird. Yeah. Also, do you work for the CIA? I do not. I do not work for the CIA. Do you have to answer, if I ask you, is it like you remember those movies where you ask a guy if they're an undercover cop, you ask 'em if they're a cop, they have to tell you.


Yeah. People really used to believe that. Yeah. But it's just a fictional tool. They don't really have to tell you that they're undercover cops. They don't have to tell you. But there is, I think there's like 1, 2, 2 3, 3 or whatever where like if you're CIA, you can't be fucking with domestic stuff, which I think they break all the fucking time. Oh yeah. So I don't think that's a reason. They probably passed laws that bypassed that a long time ago. For sure. Well, I, yeah, I mean I think they also killed JK brought this, this is the Batson lab video. There you go. What's really crazy is that looks remarkably similar to the design that Lazar said the generator looks like that's inside the ufo. Well, here's something crazy. Lazar says there are two different gravitys, gravity A and gravity B. Yeah. Again, I think Townsend Brown was a poor theorist, but he wrote a paper called The Structure of Space while he was at Martin Vega Corporation.


By the way, Townsend Brown started working at Martin Vega the year that Skunkwork formed, which I think is very interesting. And he says, in structure of space, there are two forms of gravity. He says, there are gravity wells in gravity hills. And he talk, he talks about how the, yeah, it's crazy. He talks about the protons in an atom outweighing the electrons. And so you get this weak positive charge for all ma matter that creates a gravity, well, like this inward pull, but in fact it's sort of this electromagnetic derivative or whatever in his model. And again, I would not over index on his theory. I think there's tons of proof that he just figured out this topological physics effect.


And other people figured out theory, maybe even they just have like locally useful theories. Ryan Graves was on your show and talked about extended electrodynamics. Hal put off's probably the top tip of the spear as far as a lot of theory around this exotic stuff. Sunny, white, you know, other people like that. But yeah, it is interesting that you, both of these guys had two versions of gravity. Yeah, It's very interesting. It's very interesting. And the, the, the Lazar stuff, to me it's if a guy's gonna be a liar like that, he's gonna tell a lot of lies. Right. It's not gonna be just one lie from 89. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. That you basically say the same version of forever. Yeah. The, I mean the, the, the other weird thing in that story is in Messengers of Deception, Jacques Val's book, he talks about, 'cause he's not a believer in Lazar, he talks about Lazar being forced to drink a liquid.


And Lazar even talks about this openly that he was forced to, to drink a liquid And it tastes like pine or something. And it, And it causes memory lapses in certain cases. So that's also a weird factor. But there is so much. I think my buddy Luigi, my, I also have a good friend named Chris Ramsey, was an amazing UFO channel called Area 52. And he's met Lazar through Luigi. And I don't wanna blow up their spot, but they've given me a lot of ammo as far as just Lazar being at area 51 s four. And so it's, it's so fascinating. So They gave him this liquid to kill's memory. That's the idea behind It. I don't know if he knew the intent, it was just drink this or whatever. And then he said that it caused, at least in the valet readout, he says that it caused memory lapses is the quote in messengers of deception.


Hmm. But here's this way, it gets so confusing. If you have, MK Ultra was super widespread. It was deleted, you know, the church committee or whatever. But like it was, it was a very widespread program. What would be one of the number one use cases where you'd use MK Ultra? It wouldn't necessarily be to trick somebody into view saying that they saw a flying saucer. It would be around the flying saucer program to fuck with the person's memory so that they couldn't read certain things out. Right. So it's just this, again, it's hard to say. Well then there's also weird stuff like the large folder that was on religion. Yes. You know, like how much of that is just misinformation much? I think a lot of that was passage material because it's similar to stuff, stuff Passage material.


What does that mean? It's Basically stuff given to somebody where it's like certain provably false things. You can track where the provably false stuff goes or whatever. It's also a litmus test to see if they'll believe it. It's like spooky intel shit. And in, in 79 there's a guy named Rick Doty who drives a guy named Paul Benowitz in insane. Basically he views this vertically taken off and landing exotic craft at Kirtland Air Force Base, where there are a lot of interesting things, you know, seen. And he is, is shown similar things along with Linda Moulton Howe is taken in front of a two-way mirror.


And Rick Doty, this Air Force office of Special Investigations agent, who we know is acting in bad faith at that time. He's even come out and admitted this shows her this thing called Project Garnet. And it is oddly similar around accelerated evolution to the stuff that they showed. Lazar. Also, if you have a UFO program that's extremely compartmentalized, why at the same time give the person this like ontological model of reality while you're compartmentalizing, it doesn't make sense. So, and this is what I love about Lazar. Lazar will admit that like he's like, I think a lot of that stuff could have been fake and bullshit. And I only am relaying what I saw when with regards to the craft. And I don't take any of that stuff fully at face value. Yeah.


So it was, there's Project Galileo, there's time, there's looking Glass. You know, there are these projects that were super interesting and spooky and I think worthy of engagement with like all these weird limited hangouts are. But Do any of these people that supposedly had had contact with extraterrestrial entities or interdimensional or whatever they are, do any of these people recall a conversation where they warn us about ai? Oh, that's such a great question. I don't think so. I don't think so either. It's almost always nuclear. That seems crazy. Well, maybe That seems crazy that there, there's no discussion about you are on the verge of something truly spectacular.


Maybe AI is their control system. Maybe They are ai, Maybe they are Ai. Maybe AI becomes that, maybe biological limitations that need to be traversed. And the best way to traverse him is to eliminate biology. We are now experimenting with computational biology. You can use things like, like this neuroscientist Carl Friston, the free energy print. There's this company called Cortical Labs, and I, I think they might play up some of their results, but they use these micro electrode plate arrays and they program like rat cultured rat neurons to do basic computational rat tasks. And so like if that's the super base level, right? Like we're just creating the like transistors for this like new model of computation.


But if you go way out into the future, right? You have anatomical compilers, 3D printers of bodies, And you know, these things could be drone avatar. That's why when people are like, why do they crash? This could be their earth homeostasis kit that they've deployed. They're just von Neumann replicator probes meant to, you know, oversee the earth And you know, a little node lights up when we create nuclear or like an AI thing. Or like, well It's also like Ulka, you know Diana Sulca? Oh yeah. She, she thinks they're donations. That's what she says. Yeah. Yeah. They're called donation sites and yeah. Like, which is like if you want accelerated evolution, like, hey, wouldn't it be cool if you guys made this? Just leave the wheel. You know, Let's look over here, leave This, leave that.


It kind of, I mean, that's the way to get someone to think outside the box. Plant the seed. Yeah. Yeah. You just, I mean you, you don't wanna wait for these morons to figure out how to make this. If you Were trying to accelerate technological evolution in North Sentinel Island, right. Which has no contact right. With humans, what would you, you might just airdrop a computer, figure it out, you know? Yeah. And they'd be like a computer. This is Great. I'd start with a lighter. Sure. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I don't think they have Fire. Yeah. Yeah. A computer might be a little advanced. Yeah. But yeah, you would give them some stuff. Yep. Yeah. And let them figure out how to make that stuff and give 'em the raw materials to make that stuff. Totally. Especially if you, like you have some complex alloy like this bismuth, whatever the hell it is with layered. Like find that, figure that out.


Yeah. Can you make it? Yeah. Then you get your best scientist and you compartmentalize it and you do it over decades. Yeah. Because you really can't open it up. And this is one of the things that Lazar said that he had deep frustration about while working at S four is that you can't do science like that where everything's compartmentalized. You need to be able to open it up to collaboration. Yep. And there was, you couldn't collaborate. You weren't allowed to. Yep. Yeah. So it's like, we're not gonna get anywhere. Okay, we're gonna bring in new people, you know, we're gonna bring in a new guy, see if this new genius can, Hey, what do you think of this? Like what is it you tell me That could be a part of what's happening with disclosure, where if you have cold war war era secrecy, it's like if we're ahead of Russia and China clamp down, right?


We like can't let them know anything. Right. But then all of a sudden maybe they play catch up and then all of a sudden maybe you have this archaic cargo cult system that doesn't work anymore to avoid foyer requests where you have restricted data covering, you know, material found by specific aerospace corporations that aren't even our best and brightest when it comes to our defense primes anymore or whatever. Right, right, right. And you're, you're at the top of the national security pie and you're like, holy shit. Like, we need to update this stuff. So we need to broaden the surface area without giving away the crown jewels. We need some disclosure on these things. You can't, it is maladaptive from a national security standpoint to have some STEM student in Kentucky who's a PR prodigy to not even think this shit is real.


Right, Right, right. And then you're dealing with China where they've got a completely opened up and they're like, make this Completely opened up. Yeah. And like I know if you've read, there's a great Chinese science fiction novel called The Three Body Problem. Yes. Great show on Netflix too. It's amazing. And the, the CCP will show up at your door and say, come work for us. You are working here. And that's not really the way we do things. So the way we do things is like, you get the stuff out in these kind of partial limited hangouts things. You go go compete like, just like the AI stuff. Right. You know? Right, right. It's like, see what happens Over there. If you leak it, they'll just fucking kill you. Exactly. You're not gonna leak it. No. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's, to me, the, the question of civilization, are we alone?


It is the question. And I don't think we are. Yeah. That's my, my my gut instinct. I don't think we are, it seems so ridiculous when people do think we are, You know? I agree. I just, But what about the numbers, just the sheer numbers. Like it doesn't make any sense that this is so unique that we, in this one very tiny planet, it's spinning around a not so special star Occam's razor is we are not alone. Yeah. You have the firming paradox. You have the Drake equation. Yeah. You have all these sort of rationalist ways of arguing that. But also look at, there's a great book called The Half-Life of Facts by Sam Ausman. And he talks about how like at any given time, 50% of, you know, received knowledge, like our, our physical model of the universe is wrong.


So you can say those things are showing up in the sky that is wrong because physics, but historically you would've been wrong. Right? Like, that's crazy. Right. It's bad, bad point. Right. And so if you actually look at, you know, whether we're alone or not, modern enlightenment history is a detour from the past. If you look at every culture, whether it's bolus or, or, or maybe a better example is medieval Christianity with St. Thomas Aquinas or just read the New Testament, like a multitude of angels. You have angels and demon, you know, that's of the passport to magonia, dyna posca, American cosmic thesis. Like this stuff has been going on forever. You look at the, the das And, you know, and and Hindu culture or the Ji and, and Islamic culture.


Like we are outnumbered in our modern, you know, enlightenment, rational, skeptic, epistemology. Yeah. We really are. And how many depictions from the past of flying things, Ezekiel from the Bible, Ana's all these different, like, what are they saying? What are these things? Yeah. Like what do you think that stuff is? Like what is it? You know? But then again, you and I, neither one of us has had an experience, so we're, we're just like fucking seen in the wind. I've seen, Have you seen something? I've seen a ufo. What have you seen? I've seen actually a few, but Really? Yeah. Yeah. How have you been so lucky? I don't know. I don't know. I, And it, it's 'cause they know, they know you're working on it.


They're like, who knows? They're UFO researchers that like, don't like to talk about this. But I think the move is just be honest. Like, I've seen the thing, and I know I was in Laurel Canyon where I used to live and I saw a thing that looked like a fucking school bus. It looked like, like no visible propulsion. This like sort of low humming noise or whatever it was. Maybe 50, 60, 70 feet high. Like above the tree, right above the tree treetops the, the, the trippiest part of the experience and why this is, it's just so weird, is I was with this woman I was kind of dating at the time and we were taking a walk in Laurel Canyon and she was like, are you into aliens?


I was like, actually I kind of am into, I was kinda interested in that topic. And, and then I think I joked back, I was like, I kinda wanna meet an alien. And she was like, me too. And then she goes, you'll you'll meet them when you're, when you stop looking for them, oh, That bitch is an alien. And then as we're the, as we're, this is the weirdest part of the whole story as we're walking, it's like sunset in Laurel Canyon. We walk by a guy with a metal detector who's like looking for something where it's like, why are you looking for something at sunset in Laurel Canyon or whatever. So like, that felt like this weird like, you know, like mirroring of our conversation. I again, I have no fucking idea. Then we walk in into this little clearing and we see this like school bus thing.


Like just go right over the treetop. What color was it? It was silver metallic. Like an Airstream trailer. Like an air, like an Airstream trailer. Yeah. I can send you guys a video. I went on Chris Ramsey's podcast. I described it and I was sent a video. And for all I know this video is fucking fake by the way. But it was the thing that looked most like what I saw. Cause it wasn doesn't match up with like the saucer Right. You know, triangle thing. Yeah. And I don't know, I am almost more inclined to say discount my own thing over like the q cleared guys who've like seen these things at nuclear. How Long was it in the sky for? It was in the sky for like a, a few seconds because we couldn't even see past the clearing or whatever.


She said she saw it go over the trees and then descend down into the distance. I did not see that. Huh. And like you're talk Laurel Canyon has like, is like mostly residential. So like, I'm like, where did it descend it, you know? Right, right. I don't know. So what else have you seen? You said you saw more than one thing? Yeah, So another time I was actually with a friend who invests like with me and Peter, And it is like the most rational guy you'll ever meet. Like, he's a, he's a fan of like Noam Chomsky and like David Hume, like, like he's a modern rationalist atheist skeptic. And we went surfing that day. We were back at his place. I was super into holotropic breath work at the time, which I, I love.


And we were doing hall tropic breath work. Five minutes in, we both see these like metallic looking orbs. This was this time super high up in the, in the, in the sky. Like probably, you know, higher than what you would, definitely way higher than a drone. And one's bobbing above him, one's bobbing above me, similar to like the typical like orb that, you know, a lot of people sort of describe the Mosul orb or whatever, you know, a lot of these sightings. And he looks at me and he, I, he, I go like, what the fuck is that? And he goes, dude, I think that's like some secret black Lockheed tech or whatever. And then I don't even say anything. Two seconds goes by.


And then he looks at me and he goes, dude, that's not fucking from here. He's like, that's not Lockheed. Like, I don't know what that is. Do you entertain the possibility there's states of consciousness that you could achieve where these things become visible? Absolutely. And you've had Rick Strassman on, he talks, you know, DMT, the spirit molecule. He talks about DMT as like night vision or like, like it's like a, it's like goggles or a window, you know, it's like Aldi huxley the doors of your perception. Are you super imposing a hallucination onto reality? Or are you just seeing, we see a limited part of the electromagnetic wave spectrum. We see between 400 and 700 nanometers. Our audio range, you know, there's a certain decibel limit.


Right? So like when you take a substance like that, are you seeing things that are in objective reality, but we just don't have access to them And it's, it's actually adaptive for us not to have access to them in our waking reality. Right. And so it's this interesting philosophical question. I don't know the answer to it. Right. Would, would be, would we even be able to function if we had access to that? Probably not. Probably not. No, it is, there's a guy named Donald Hoffman who's a cognitive psychologist and he talks about, it's like, why don't we see electromagnetic waves themselves? Right. Like, why aren't you seeing hertz frequencies? Right. Right, right. Yeah. It's, it's, we need tokenize everything we see. Just like a a, you know, a desktop computer.


You know, like why do you see red? 'cause oh boom, red blood, I gotta run, you know, whatever. And then they hack that with notifications on social media. But the point is, we are seeing inherently a collapsed, condensed version of reality. We aren't seeing the thing itself. Yeah. And so it, it ends up in these ontological loops where like, yes, some rationalist skeptic can be like, you're, you're lying. That's false. It ends up in this not even wrong category of like, I can't say that what I just said is definitively true as far as it being a window into some other realm. But neither the skeptic. We just live in the age of disenchantment. Right. Where you say don't trust your eyes. Right. And they're, that's as much faith-based dogma as what I'm saying.


So who knows? And that's why I rest, when I talk about this stuff on the show, I rest more on the nuclear cases because it fits to our modern epistemology more. Right. But it's not to say you should discount these, you know, people's experiences where they do, you know, maybe they're in a peak state of consciousness and they experience the thing. Maybe that thing is real. Either there might be multiple different types of things that come by. And the the nuclear one is a weird one. I mean, if you were from another planet or some other place and you recognized an emerging civilization that had nuclear capabilities, you'd be like, Hey fuckers, slow down. Hit the brake son. You know, You would freak Out unquestionably, you know? Yeah. That's why we named the, the rooms at the comedy mothership Fat man and Little boy because that's when they started showing up.


Yep. That's when we got a lot of sightings was post, post the bombs. Totally. And I love, I love the mothership by the way. It's amazing. And I love going and seeing how UFO theme like Yeah. You know, in preparation for this, I've had a couple friends be like, man, Joe Joe's like anti UFO though. And I'm like, no, he's just frustrated with disclosure. Go to the mothership. The whole fucking thing Is Being so Ufo. Anybody say I'm anti anti ufo? I just fucking UFOs. Everyone's one of the deaths. There's one behind Me. I Know. That's so silly. And you Broke the biggest UFO story of all time. Like it's, you've done more for disclosure than anybody in my opinion. Well, I'm not anti UFO but I'm, I'm allergic to bullshit and this stuff, some of it smells like bullshit.


Which is, I would be remiss if we didn't talk about those little mummies in Peru. Yeah. Dude, What do you think is going on there? They break my brain. They were, they are, they are. This, this was the most frustrating case I've ever had to deal with. And I wish I could give you a definitive, these things are definitely dead aliens. I cannot say that definitively at, at all. I do think there's a lot of reason to believe that they are forensically organisms. They are re they're organisms that they, if They're not, they're incredible works of art. If they're not, they're the most sophisticated hoax ever that, that basically tricked forensic experts from John McDowell who run, who just won the, the greatest award in forensics You could win or whatever the Grand Wall award.


Who is the president of the American Forensics Scientific Association or whatever in the us. Jim Car Caruso, who's the medical examiner? Chief Medical examiner in Denver. The equivalent of McDowell is a guy named Dr. David Ruiz. So he's the Peruvian head of their forensics association and the head of the Mexican Navy forensics, this guy named Dr. Jose Salza. All of these guys have seen, so This, I think we're kind getting ahead of ourselves. Yeah. Let's explain to people this so they can be standalone. 'cause a lot of people are like, what the fuck are they blagging about? Whatcha talking about? Yeah. Yeah. There are these very small mummified looking things that are in Peru that seem to look exactly like a similar kind of thing to a human being, but varies enough that, you know, it's not us And it has more ribs, it is more spinal columns or more, more, more discs.


This is what they look like and there's x-rays of them and that's where it gets really weird. And they're tactal. Right. So they have three fingers and three toes. Yep. And the, so these were discovered in 2015 in a cave by a guy named Leandra who goes by Mario. And this is one of the headaches about the case is like we don't have good provenance on it. So he is this wro grave digger guy and they were found in Ous earth. So there's actually an idea that they might not even be mummies. Ous earth is a desiccant. And so they were dried out. And a lot of the organs are actually still inside the, the, the bodies. And there are three different types. There are S types, which are these little winged creatures.


They're J types. The J types are probably, they were most popularized in this Mexican Congress where these things were outed in September of 2023. Where they look like almost close encounters. Jamie, if you scroll down, like you see that peruse congress, like right there, like that thing looks like this, like jokey like close encounters of the third kind. Like Yeah, it looks like It's totally fake. It looks totally fake. Right. So that's, those are the J types. They're like 25 ish, maybe 25 to 30 of those. But Those are the ones that they've X-rayed. And that's where it gets really weird, The weirdest ones that I was talking about, the forensics people kind of evaluating are these M types, these are like four to five feet. They look pretty anatomically consistent.


Have you seen them in person? I have. Really? Yeah. And what, what was your feeling? My feeling was it was this, pick Those images up please. It was as with a lot of these things oscillating between holy shit, this thing is not from here. And then dude, you have to like chill and like, there's so many other things. You know, there's so many other gates this has to get through for us to, to actually, you know, know, verify this stuff. I mean, See if you can get the go the x-rays. Jamie, find the images from the X-rays that that's one. But there's one that's a little bit better because it's one of the fetal position. It's Ja Jamie in my document Actually. Yeah, look at that one. Okay, There you go.


So that one has eggs inside of it. What if you go mon what? Yeah, Montserrat. Montserrat. Which It's Weird Hips. Yeah. How Weird. So if you go to, yeah, if you go to Montserrat, A Montserrat clip. Yeah. So this, this one's pregnant and has what they are claiming to be a tral fetus inside of it. Yeah. How many of these do they have? So they have eight to 10 of these M types, these kind of most realistic looking ones. Eight to 10. Eight to 10. And then they have 25 to 30 of the J types. So yeah, look at that. That's it. That's its read reconstruction of the cat scan.


So they have teeth. That's weird. They Have teeth, right? Yeah, they have, they have tendons, they have bones. They have cartilage. They have organs inside. And then I, so this is where we need to verify stuff. They even have actually, Could you go back to the part of the video where, what's that there? It's, yeah, that part They have, what the Fuck is that? Man, that's Crazy. They have osmium and cadmium implants in them, which are rare earth metals that were discovered in the 19th century. If This is art, if someone made this, I need to buy one. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Like, You need to tell me how much this costs. I need to put it on my table. 'cause you're a genius if you've made that and you tricked everybody into thinking that that's real, you're a goddamn genius.


And you shouldn't just be hoaxing people. Well, so then the alternative is that's real. Well if that's real, that's completely insane, Joe. Fortunately and unfortunately, fortunately for you maybe, but unfortunately for the case, these Ros, these grave diggers are selling some of these things on the black market. And this case is the wild, wild west. It is so much. How much Did I get one for? I've heard seven figures. Seven figures. I've Heard a lot of money. Geez, the lease. But does Peter Teel buying one of these? Don't say yes. Look at that thing. It's Wild. That's so crazy. But there, there are serious problem. I can I, I wanna caveat all of this and like, you know, I don't wanna be overly sensationalist about this.


If it's a hoax, it's the best hoax ever, right? It's the best. My friend Michael Mazzola, who like kind of rolled the red carpet down, allowed me to even see these things. He's making a video or making a documentary on this that, that that's coming out this August. And it's called, this is not a hoax, I told him to put in parentheses, or this is the most sophisticated hoax ever, right? Because the DNA testing sucks. There's no signal. The signal to noise ratio sucks on the DNA. How Come? Because there was probably human contamination like the, the, the NCBI, which is this like biotech repository where you have a lot of this genetic information on two of the bodies, Victoria and Maria, this is all publicly available.


They've done analysis on this. And like the camp that is very pro, you know, these being alien is this guy Jaime Mussan. And he is, I actually think he's awesome. I love him. He's like this former 60 minutes guy in Mexico and he's paid a lot of money to protect a lot of the bo these bodies. He's very open about like, we just need more scientific research. I, you know, he wants more eyes on this thing. But some of the genetics, you know, some of the genetics researchers that they're basing this stuff on, I spoke to one of them, this guy's name is Dr. Ricardo Ron. Hell, and he's a biologist. I don't think he's actually a geneticist. And his belief is like, he was like, this is, you know, there's 30% of this is like unknown DNA that we don't know.


And then in the 70% you have mitochondrial DNA from Myanmar, and then you have DNA from a parasite in Africa and you also have bonobos and chimpanzee, DNA, which means it was an ancient primate that held this DNA because it was before they file a genetically split off. So what he's saying, and this is crazy, is he was saying that like A-A-A-A-A, a hominid species, an early hominid species went from Asia to Africa. And 'cause there's some theories that they actually, you know, east Africa is not like the, the first hominid species, maybe it was East Asia, so it's already like kind of requiring some leaps of logic or whatever, and then had sex with this like primate thing and you end up with this hybrid.


And then another leap of logic is that before Pizarro and all the conquistadors, like there's, there's actually like transmission of, you know, beings from Africa to South America. I don't believe that. That's, it's crazy. It's like saying the, you know, the penguin theory is better than the, you know, the, the, the Wuhan lab leak theory, which is just like Occam's razor. That's not real. Well we do know that there were other types of hominids that coexisted with human beings. Dennis Sos Yeah. The the the Floras people. The the Hobbit people. What, what is the carbon dating on these things? Carbon dating ranges from 700 years ago, which would actually be inkin That would be, because Inkin started in like 1450 and then all the way down to 800 year, 1800 years ago.


Which is the Nasca people. That's what's fascinating because you know, there's this, there's this mystery of the Hobbit people, right? Where they, they didn't really think that that was, they, there's a lot of speculation that it was some bizarre type of human being that was deformed and tiny. And then they realized like, no, this is a specific branch of the human chain. Just like Dennis Ova and just like Neanderthal, there's a thing called the orang pen deck. Have you ever heard of that? No. What is that? They think, I believe it's Indonesia and maybe Vietnam, where people talk about these little tiny hairy people that live in the jungle.


Whoa. And so these Flores things, there's, there's a few biologists that believe these things are still alive. Interesting. They think even on the island of Flores, they might still be alive. What? Yeah. Are you serious? Right. So if they're alive, if this turns out to be true, like let's imagine it's, 'cause there's been things like the seal of camp, which they thought were extinct for millions of years. And then they caught one and they're like, oh my god, this is a prehistoric fish and still alive. And now they know that there's a population of them. But this is the deep ocean. Right. Much less explored. But when you look at Indonesia, when you look at Flores, the island of Flores, you look at all these places, like you're talking about insanely dense vegetation that is virtually uninhabited.


Yeah. So maybe like, and these things used to live on that island for sure. We've got bones, we know they lived, we know they used tools. We know they probably had language. They lived on that island, they might still be alive. So we didn't know about these things. And I think, was it the nineties? I think when they discovered them, Dennis os I think was like 2010. And then this new species, the Bigheaded people were they Julian's? What, what do they call 'em? Yeah, I think that's it. That's like a few months ago. Right? Right. They found these right. And this is another type of human being. So what, what are the odds that there's some three footed, three toed thing that existed a few thousand years ago.


And there are picto glyphs all over the region, both in Nasca and Pulpa in southern Peru. So this is one that looks fake as fuck. But this guy is driving in his motorcycle and he's filming and he claims that he got this thing running away. No way. Yeah. A little hairy thing. Yeah. You can see as he's riding his motorcycle, this thing like darts across the road in front of him. Wow. And this is a few years ago too, where, you know, CGI sucked. So there it is. You can see it real briefly for A second. It just runs across the road. Look at that. Oh my god. What is that? Right?


I don't know. But if this thing did exist at one point in time, I mean, god damn it looks good. Yeah. If it did exist at one point in time, and people do see it all the time, it, there might be a small population of them that are still alive. That thing, the x-ray of it or the CAT scan, MRI, the cat scan looked human but weird. Yes. But the teeth and the, it looked like a deformed Human. And it is important to note that there were skull elongation rituals going on. Yes. As early as the Parus people. Right. Which were pre the Nasca people. Right. And What were they imitating? That's the interesting question. What the nasca lines, why are they making, they, it's probably humans that made these things right.


But they're things that only make sense from an aerial view. And they're Miles long. And they're miles long. What are you doing? And there are, there are picto, glyphs, you know, cave art all over the region with three fingered beings, with tactal beings. Are There really? There are. And this is the weirdest thing. There's a guy named the Amin, who is like the first Westerner. He's this French kind of, he's an amazing archeologist and explorer, and he was the first guy that met Leandro, the, the, the grave digger who found the bodies to begin with. He Cal is the actually like local dialect there that's spoken. He says that the name of the general region means laboratory for insemination and cloning.


What? Yeah. What, yeah. In Cal. Yeah. What, so like, I have, I, I need to corroborate this. Like I don't have the, the skills to do that, but like, that's what he says. It's crazy. What The fuck, Man? I know, I know. But then, holy shit, why this case is such a headache is like, there's this guy, Steve Mera, who I think is a totally, he's a, he's a UFO researcher. He's the one of the less mushy brained UFO researchers. There's a lot of mu mushy brained UFO researchers. Really smart guy. I've like, quoted him a lot of my other videos and he's like, we looked at one of the M types, one of the bigger ones that like, I'm still holding out hope for 'cause like I'd love it to be real. And he said that he did genetic analysis on two of the phalanges, and one came back male, one came back female.


And so he was like, I think they were constructed, but I'm like, how do you get by these forensic experts? So it's this weird, it's just the DNA stuff. You don't get a good signal. And the reason that nobody even cared, this is the most interesting paleo archeological case today, in my opinion. The reason that people don't even care is because in 2023, when these were popularized by Jaime Mussan, where he rolled out this J type Josefina, the one that looked like kind of close encounter, the third time in front of the Mexican Congress, this guy named Manuel RAs, who is a, an artist who is making renditions of the things with like woods and sticks and stuff glued together. He was apprehended at the airport by the chief Peru prosecutor, this guy named Flavio Estrada.


And there were, Reuters picked this up saying, this is all fake because of these fake, and I have this in this documentary that I'm coming out with where he goes, this was art. We dub it. But he goes, this was art. It's crazy. Oh. So Like, so that's the signals crossed. The signals crossed. And I think if there's anything about this case, it's like let's get our best and brightest on it and figure it out. Yeah. I think we can figure it out quickly if we had the right research and there are all these Interpol laws, like you can't move the bodies from, from Peru and Right. It's crazy. Well, even if it's just a different branch of the human chain. I mean that just, if, if that's a different branch off the human tree. That's fascinating enough. I Agree Fascinat that There's, there's Like three fingered, three toed people that live totally with a weird shaped head.


And if you find, if the, there is phenotypic inheritance where you find that the tactal being inside montserrat's belly is also tactal, then at, at what point do you go, this is the, how can you hoax that? Right. How can you hoax that? That's crazy. Yeah. So, and, and he's za say, who by the way is the head of the Mexican medical Navy. He, he was thrown in jail for supporting this case because they were like, we don't wanna be associated with this. And now the new secretary of the Navy in Mexico has brought him back and he's sort of being vindicated. But he is like, I was like, Jose, like if you showed this cat scan image of the baby tactal to any normal doctor, they didn't know anything about the case.


Would they say it had three fingers? He goes, yes. So if that's the case, I think that is a big deal. But then you have the Steve Meredith and so I just, I don't want to come out fully, you know, I don't know. Of course, Of course. Yeah, of course. But I mean, how much evidence would there be? Th this is the problem with fossils, right? Because when things die, they don't really create fossils. Unless it's a very extraordinary instance. You know, like something unusual has to occur. You gotta get trapped in mud. Right. You know, that's how, so most of the things that have lived, we don't have fossils of which is if this thing was a small percentage or small population, small percentage of the, the living humans.


And some of them are like that. And they just died off like 500 years ago, a Thousand years ago. And these, and these ones got saved 'cause they were around a die tenacious earth mine. Yeah. Which preserved their organs and their whole body. Just from an anthropology perspective, that should be the most fascinating thing. But it's got the stink of a hoax on it. Yeah. So people don't wanna go and study it. Yeah. I totally, part of what I almost wanna do is like a nature of reality fund that I tie to the show where I'm like, I, I see so many cases like this where I'm like, if we just had some money, so, and it's like so important for humanity, right? Yeah. And it's like nonprofit. It's just, let's just pay to get the best people. I think like one of the problems with modernity is like the smartest people are working on the dumbest problems.


We're building $15 billion particle accelerators. People are stuck in string theory. We're like debating all this dumb shit. And you have these things, I don't know if they're real, you can debunk it fine. But if they're real and it's not 0% that they're real according to these forensic experts, let's pour some resources into it. Yeah. It might be real. They look real. They look kind of real. They look very real. When I was in person, I was freaking, I was like, what the fuck Is, like I said, if that's art, whoever made it is fucking incredible. I'm with it. If that's art. Yeah. You, you'd have to have a really deep understanding of anatomy and then alter it. Yeah. And then make it uniform. So you do multiple versions of these things.


Go back to that image again. Jamie, the one you just showed me. Look at that head Man. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That looks like a fucking alien. It totally looks like an alien. The one other weird wrench that I I we should mention is there's a proteomics expert who wants to remain anonymous. 'cause I think he doesn't wanna be associated with this stigma of this case. He looked at some proteins from an isolated skull of the J types. Now I don't think the J types, the things that were rolled out in front of the Mexican Congress aren't necessarily real. I think maybe they were made an homage to these things that do look more real. Mm. And he found alpaca proteins on them. And so that, that's an important, another important point that you know, is a little fly in the ointment here.


So somebody probably made fake ones too, but, but if there's a market where you can get seven figures for a real one, of course knock it off. Someone's gonna make some fake ones. Totally. 100%. Yeah. But at the end of the day, like what is that? And why do they have three fingers? And the lazar craft, didn't it have like some sort of an indentation for hands? It did. Yeah, I think So. And it didn't have three fingers. Oh I don't know. Did it? That would be wild. I don't know. I Think it did. Oh my god. I think it did. And I think it was really small. Just like these things are, we're Breaking ground on The Joe Rogan Experience. What if that's it.


That's crazy. You know? And also, here's the thing. We have this concept of this coming from another planet, but it might not be from another planet. Yeah. It might be from here. Hal put off, noted that on your show he has a paper called the Ian Hypothesis, which is you have cataclysms, like the younger driest impact, you know, or Right. Other things like that. You have 66 million years ago, Luis Walter Alvarez, you know, there's the asteroid impact killed all the dinosaurs or whatever. What if Break off civilization. Exactly. Exactly. Just like this $21 trillion is supposed to be funding. There you go. Right. Like the underground, those tunnels in caverns in Turkey where they have this immense underground civilization or city Rather. And it almost felt like maybe they were hiding out from a cataclysm or something.


Right. And that's what they think it was. Yeah. So imagine if there's some break off civilization where they lived. I mean we're talking hundreds of thousands of years ago, but they're different than us. And you know, sometimes they come visit. Could be man. Could be. Which is one Of the reason why they come outta the ocean a lot. And totally they're transmedium. And like in some sense you would care way more about the nuclear stuff. You'd be like, don't destroy your plant. Don't destroy our planet. Yeah. Like, we're here. You'll Kill us too. You're stupid. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Also, you're dropping nukes in the ocean. You know The Marshall Islands test. Yes, exactly. That's nuts. It's really nuts. Yeah. And I think, yeah, it's a whole other rabbit hole.


I, I know. If you wanna get it, Does it, see if You can find out if the Bob Azar ones had hand prints three. There's a hand scanner he talked about. But it wasn't about three Fingers. No, the hand scanner was at Right Los Alamos. I Typed in Bob Lazar ufo Three fingers. AI says his claims have nothing to do with aliens With three fingers. What did he say? The controls for the, the vehicle. 'cause Seems like mental, right? There's Something about putting your hands on something. Mm. I believe there was something element one 15, didn't it say something about controls like that there?


What did the inside of the craft look like? Inside of craft? So that's Jeremy Corbell. I could skip through that real quick. Just see what it says. Okay. God, I want to say that they had three fingers. That would be wild, quick. That would be fucking insane. Because they're tiny. They have three fingers. That's these things. He said the seats were very small. Yeah. Yeah. They're Supposed to Like three feet tall or four feet tall. That's these things. There you go. That's these things. Yeah. And they're in the cave art. It looks like they're flying. It's like, hard to say 'cause it is on caves or whatever. But I wanna see That Too. Yeah. Yeah. There's, yeah, you can do Tri Dact old cave art.


God, how weird. And how old is this cave art? I think it's dates to the Nasca period. So around that time. See? See, let's go look up that first. I You didactal cave art. How weird. It's all so fucking weird, man. Yeah, it's so weird. It's so Weird. It's 'cause it's al it's almost like reality's fucking with you. Yeah, it is. It is. And you have like the Amazon is, there's probably one in my dock, Jamie that I sent you. There's A couple there. Oh, there's a four. There's one there. There's three. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh, whoa. Oh, three fingers in three toes.


That's crazy. Textile fragments. Yeah. Wow. It's a 1000 ad. Whoa. Yeah. Three fingers, three toes. Big crazy head. Weird eyes. Wow. Fucking strange man. So nuts. There's so much we don't know. And everyone's scared of being ridiculous. I know. You know, everyone's scared. One of the great things about what you do and what I do is that we don't have to worry about being ridiculous. Totally. 'cause we just are. Yeah. And we don't have to be like, we have credentials. Right, Right, right, right. Just be a normal, have to worry about being taken seriously. Yeah. 'cause so many people do worry about it and they don't wanna stick their neck out. But when you see something like this, the three fingers, three toes artwork from a thousand fucking years ago.


Yeah. And it looks really weird. And then you see these things, you're like, Hey, is that real? Totally. And discoveries require boldness. They require like just going for it. Yeah. And it's, it's, yeah, it's this like kind of nitpicky credentialism of like, I can't, I can't say anything other than the establishment. What is your incremental addition then to human knowledge. Right. And when faced with undeniable evidence, will you relent, will you give in? Will you just like, will you just like dig your heels in forever and claim bullshit to the, to your drop off the face of the earth? Like what, what's going on with Egypt? You know, like, you know, and when I had Zahi hawa on and he's just completely unwilling to look at that.


What is it tomography the, the data that shows that there might be something underneath the pyramids. Right. Like, this is bullshit. This is, is it, are you sure? Yeah. How do you know? You don't even understand the science. There's, how could you possibly know? No first principles arguments around it. Right. It's just No, it can't be or whatever. Right. I'm like it. Oh, so you're, it's politics. It's science is supposed to be the most immune from politics. And it's the most political thing. Isn't that weird? It is weird. When you find that out, it's so disappointing. It's so disillusioning. It's so disappointing. Totally. And then when you have these scientists that like dismiss people and they immediately start using tear. Look at this one. That's so wild.


Whoa. This whatever that thing is around, it has a like one arm with three and then one arm with three and one foot with three and one foot with three. Whoa. This one's inside of it. Why? What is that supposed to be representing? Two Heads? I don't know. God, there's a couple other things on the other page that had two Cats, maybe two heads, but no eyes. How weird is that? Like what is that? That's Big eye one. I hear when I hear it. Two eyes an eye Inside. Or maybe that's it inside something that it controls. You know what I'm saying? A little sports model. Right. What, what's showing the fingers? Meaning like the fingers or what operates this thing. Right. What are you seeing? Yeah. This is so nuts, man. It's So crazy. All Three fingers.


Like what are the fucking odds of that? Yeah. Yeah. What Are the odds of, this is a thousand years old, these images and this, these textiles. And then you find this stuff. Totally. Like what? And it's in the mythology and Right. What the fuck is going on, man? I know. It's so frustrating, Jesse. I'm with you man. And the Amazon is the size of the Indian subcontinent and we have to like lightar it. Right. And like understand we're finding cities every day. Right. We'd need to do the research. Yeah, we do. We do. Look at more of these more three finger ones. God, it's so weird. Those are different too. Yeah. So weird. And that looks like almost that weird bird that we looked at the other day with Luke.


Yeah. It does Thing That was on a petroglyph. Yeah. I think. And Luke, who hopefully will be an amazing guest on your show He's been on. I know. He was amazing. Yeah. Awesome. He's fantastic. He was so good. He, he will say like, he's been everywhere. Right? And like he's always like, Peru is the weirdest place I always go. Really? So, wow. Yeah. Well dude, thank you so much for coming in. I fucking love your show. It's so good. It's excellent. American alchemy. It's on YouTube. Is it just Jesse Michael's on YouTube? Like how do they find the channel? Jesse Michael's on YouTube. I have a wp, which is where we, it's called WHOP. It's an amazing place where we facilitate discussions about cool science and frontier stuff.


How all this I, I don't know. I I don't sleep. I mean this Must absorb because your stuff is really well produced. Thank you. You, it must, it must take an enormous amount of time to edit all that. Honestly, I'm burnt out. Listen, I'm glad you're doing it. I really appreciate you. I appreciate you. Everybody go watch it. Go check out the channel. It's fantastic. If they wanna find you on social media, what is your My social media? It's Jesse Michael's official on Instagram. The American Michaels A no. A thank you. Yes. Being of my existence. Oh is It? Yeah. Yeah. I'm sure. Roll call back in the day. Alright, well thank you so much. It was fun, Joe. Fun. Appreciate. Let's do it again sometime when more shit's gonna come out. Hopefully. Let's do it. I Awesome.


Thank you. Alright, bye everybody.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Sometimes it's good to be a little controlling. It can help you protect yourself, your health, your wellbeing, and your possessions. There's only so much you can do though, especially when it comes to your personal info. You probably use things like two factor authentication, strong passwords, and A VPN. But as much as you try to be in control of how your information is protected, there are lots of places that also have it. And they might not be as careful as you are. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second for identity threats. If your identity is stolen, a LifeLock US-based restoration specialists will help solve identity theft issues on your behalf, guaranteed or your money back. Plus, all LifeLock plans are backed by the million dollar protection package, meaning LifeLock will reimburse you up to the limits of your plan. If you lose money due to identity theft, you might not be able to control how others handle your personal information. But you can help protect it. With LifeLock. Save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use the promo code JRE or go to lifelock.com/jre for 40%. Off terms apply.