
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Oh, yep. Alright. Surreal. Dude. You've only been here for 20 minutes. You're already freaked me out. Joe Joe's freaked out And I'm freaked out for the fact that you're the first guy that's ever come here. That ran a marathon. Yeah. Before you got here, you Know, wanted to clear my mind. It's a big day. How long did it take you to run it? You gotta check online. I don't know. I think it was Like three hours, 25 minutes, three 30, something like that. Wow. That's a good time for a Casual. Went southeast thunderstorming in Austin, Texas and then looped around, went back, got some work done.


I always do phone calls while I'm running. How often do you run? You said you ran 27 miles this morning? I think so. I mean, I don't know. I just, I, I turned around, I got it done. I need to get ready for this shower, but yeah. Is that a normal thing for you to do? Very normal. Wow. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah. That's a lot of distance, man. You know, I, there was like a sweet spot pre having as many kids and more family constraints and, and work. And now life is busy, but where I do 20 miles every day. That's crazy. Yeah. Like what's the longest you've run, you know, You 153 miles. Wow. How long, how long did it take you to do that? 33 hours Sparton in Greece. Epic. Epic. It's in Greece. Oh, it's crazy, man. You run from Athens to Sparta.


This race is amazing. You ever seen him with 300 with Dro Butler? Sure. So that's the story. A a couple of crazy dudes in the eighties decided that they're gonna recreate where he ran FIP to deliver the message. 'cause in that movie, you remember 300 Spartans defended against the Persian masses. And they frame it as the difference between us having civilization and not had beos 300 guys not died while they assembled an army. And he delivered that message to King Lee Unitas. So when you finish this race, if you finish, it's one of the hardest races in the world. Like there's bad water, you know Goggins Mutual buddy of ours, but there's races they say are the hardest. This one kicked my butt first Year. 'cause of the elevation. What is It? It's 'cause Europe does not believe in ice.


So there's nothing cold for the first 50 miles. Ah, You're hot. And then the, the cutoffs are much stricter. So at 50 miles you have to be done. You gotta fact check this, but nine or 10 hours. So you have to finish 153 miles in under 36 hours. You need to be running at all times. Oh wow. You can't walk for two hours and start throwing up. Which I, I was puking for eight hours straight the first time I did it. Still excuses. This is me just bitching. I should have finished that year. I wasn't mentally tough, but a hundred percent that year I just didn't have it mentally. And the next year I came back ready to die. I was like, I'm gonna finish this race. Yeah. There was a guy in the middle of the night. I won't kid you who looked at me and he says to me, there it is. He goes to me with like crazy eyes and I've already given up in my mind.


You know, you know, you know, like, they call it DN Fing did not finish right in Ultras. I already wrote the speech of like, I'm gonna tell my friends I learned from this, you know, all that, all that stuff of like, I already gave up in my mind and I saw this guy at Mile, I don't know, like 72, middle of the night, who looks at me with these crazy eyes. I'll never forget his looks crazy, eyes like that. But a hundred times more and goes, you're gonna give up. He goes, if you can't run, you walk. You can't walk, you crawl. You never ever. And I was like, yo man, this guy needs to chill out right now. 'cause I've already quit in my mind. But I channeled that guy when I came back the next year. And it was that, it was, I'm gonna the hospital and you're not putting iv I'm gonna finish this race. And I came back the next year mentally.


Like, there's no way I'm not finishing. Did You do anything different in preparation? Listen, it, it, it pain, it's all mental. It's all mental. Anyone who tells you otherwise. Physical's meaningless at that point. Physical's meaningless in most points, to be honest. There were guys who I saw when I quit. It was, you know, 2:00 AM who were slower than me. They were older than me. Every objective measure, I should have beat them. But they mentally finished the next morning. I got a night's sleep, woke up, watched them ate lunch and saw them finish. I was like, I was crying. I, I couldn't believe the emotions of this guy finished who was two hours behind me when I quit. And I learned that day. It's mental. 100%. The mindset is when you get there, you know, if you're finishing at the start. So did it haunt you that you didn't finish?


Oh, Haunted me every day. Isn't that crazy? Haunted? Like what you did was really hard, but you Didn't No. That's bullshit. Hard. It was, it was. I should have finished. How far did you get? I I got halfway. So that's pretty hard. No, I got 75 miles. This, I quit when it was convenient. 'cause I got to an aid station and I'm like, oh, you know, I got 30 minutes on the, I already decided in my mind I was quitting. Ah, But hold on, I gotta pause. 'cause I walked in here and I told you, okay, before we start, I have something for you. Right, right. People always say, can I read minds? I can't read minds. I read people, okay, this envelope, if they can't see it and they're listening, your logo sealed. Right. This is your future. My future. This is your future. I'm not psychic, I'm not supernatural. But I assure you, I want you to hold this from now until the end of the episode.


Okay. That's when we open it. I don't even know if I want to know my future. No, no. This is all good stuff. Live to 120. Joe's gonna be a two term president. You know, you know, shut, Shut the fuck up. That's not good. I don't want that job. You take it before we even start. Okay. And at the end we open it. So nobody skips this episode. Got it. You buckle up for the ending. I'm, I'm here. People will just fast forward. They'll fast forward, they'll miss all the good stuff in the Middle. The quitters, the quitters, the quitters, The people who did not finish sparton. That's so that's insanely impressive though that you, you run that much. When did you start doing this? My sister ran a marathon. Shout out to my older sister and there's a little bit of sibling rivalry. She's eight years older. I have twin sisters. And do you remember when marathoning became like, commonplace Before you say anything?


I have to shout out to my sister. She, 'cause she got upset that I didn't shout her out before. 'cause she ran Burt ER's 5K. She's like, I can't believe you didn't shout me out. Sorry sweetie. Love you. Well played well played. Love you. Yeah. She's the best. They all are. Right. So, so my sister ran it. And, and everyone, at a certain point, marathoning became like a thing. Do you, you remember when Oprah ran one and then everyone's like, I'm running a marathon. I didn't pay attention. Yeah. But there was like a moment where the zeitgeist, everyone started running marathons. This was before that. I believe you. Yeah, but I wasn't tuned into that frequency. I was, I, when my sister said she's running 26.2 miles, if she had told me, this is not that she's not fit, she was like a collegiate D one athlete swimmer. I'm like, what do you, if she had said, I'm going to the moon, it would've been equal.


Of like, what do you mean you're running a marathon? Mm. And so when she did it, I immediately that day signed up for a marathon just to be like, no, screw that. I'm not, I'm not not doing this right. And I was working on Wall Street, I was kind of getting fat and lazy, happy hours. And I, I, I go, this is all there is like, I'm just gonna keep, I'm making money. Don't get me wrong. I'm blessed, but I got, I gotta have something that fires me up. That's my instinct. And so I signed up for a marathon. What year was this? 2004. Okay. And then I did one Philly marathon, you know, the rocky, the whole thing. And at mile 23, I start, I stop and I, I'm like crying. I, again, this is a common theme. I've cried like twice in my life. My wife will ask and say, but I was wrecked.


I was gonna quit. I see two dudes walking because I'm going decently fast at this point. I've trained terribly. And I see two dudes walking about a hundred yards ahead of me. And I go, misery loves company. I'm gonna walk up and I'm gonna, I'm gonna catch them. But they're walking the same speed as me. So I decide, screw it, I'm gonna run to them. I run, I get about halfway there. Do You know what they do? They looked at each other and they started running. And I literally screamed at them. I go, fuck you. Like I, and I got fired up and I learned that day. Anger is a great, like in in, in incentive. It's like something to fire up. And I got so pissed off that my blood pressure that I ran the rest of the race. You know, Goggins takes all of his haters comments. Oh yeah. And he records them and then plays it back to him while he runs.


Oh, I know David. Well, I've known David going on like 15 years, man. Before Goggins became Goggins. I've seen the whole come up. It's been, how'd you meet him? So we trained for ultra marathons together. Ah, he used to live in New York City. Oh wow. And we'd go out there And, you know, he's shirtless. And this is before now, man. He can't go anywhere. He's just, it's like next level. He Still runs on the street. He runs, but man, he's, he's like, that's such a fame that's, you know, we've talked about. But it's, he's, he's, I mean he's inspired countless millions. Oh, for sure. But you see, I don't know what your version is, but like somebody sees me, I just get like a, oh hey, love what you do. That's it. You know, maybe a selfie. That's it. Occasionally some drunk asshole's like, read my mind right now. And I'm like, all, all right buddy.


I'll do it. I'll do it. You know, I don't wanna leave somebody behind. But his is, someone comes up and you have to, you changed my life. Like, I didn't kill myself or my brother. Right. Like that's, that's a religious level fervor. Yeah, no, for sure. I've, and much deserved. I've, I've been around him when I've seen it happen. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He runs on the street. He was running on the street in Vegas. My wife, it was in the car. She rolled down the window and yelled out. Stay hard. Second time he's ever heard that. Right. Who's gonna carry the boats? That's all he Hears All day long is feeling yelled. Stay hard, stay Hard.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. Summer is here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered a day in the sun. No. A bottle of rum. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that for almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats ordered. Now for alcohol, you must be legal drinking age, please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by Region C App for details.


This Episode is brought to you by Squarespace. Have you ever been shopping online? And the website just gave you the ick, let me tell you, that wouldn't happen if they used Squarespace. Squarespace Design Intelligence empowers anyone to build beautiful, more personalized websites tailored to your unique needs. And with Squarespace payments, it's super easy to manage payments with just a few clicks. Plus with Squarespace's integrated and optimized SEO tools, there's all the help you need to get people to your site. Head to Squarespace dot com slash Emma for a free trial and use code Emma to save 10% on your first purchase.


The memes that people have put together are just those videos. And he's got a great sense of humor, which people don't realize. He's got a great sense of humor. He's a fun dude. He's a really fun guy, man. Love that guy. Yeah, he's, he's a fun dude. He's just very fucking serious. Yeah. About, about pushing himself. Did you see the video of him and Israel? Aja? Yeah. Yeah. It was crazy. Yeah. Like Israel Sanja, world class athlete, world championship fighter. Yeah. Cannot compete. Can't keep up with this 50-year-old man. Who was the other one? Was it, was it, was it John Jones? Who was the other one he trained? Tony Ferguson. Tony Tony. Who's like cardios through the roof. I mean through the, I mean Tony was like that guy. Five rounds. It's just insane. Yeah. Never, never gases out. Yep. Yeah, he might've overtrained, he got, He might have Goggins Goggins run, ran through the washer right there.


Well it would've been interesting if he got ahold of Tony when Tony was in his prime. You know, he got ahold of Tony when Tony was at the end of his career essentially. Yeah. You know. Well, I mean, that's always it, right? Judges fighter at the prime. Well, yeah. And absolutely. And with fighters, you know, there's just especially natural fighters that aren't taking any steroids or anything. When, when it gets to a certain point in time, the game's over. Just, that's just how it is. Right. Time is undefeated. Yeah. Time's undefeated, but fucking Garins almost 50 still out there doing it. And it has been injured so many times. Like he's Not just injured. People need to understand the mental strength. And we've talked about on the podcast before we showed his X-rays. Yep. The work that he's had done on his knees. I mean, it's all insane.


It's insane. They do experimental stuff on his knees. Right. His knees are destroyed. I mean, they must be. Yeah. They're Destroyed. They're complete bone on bone and he just keeps running on them. It's just like, Okay. He cross trains though. I mean, the dude like, yeah, the pull up record his hands Cam Hane son. Right. True. Yeah. I just saw that. Yeah. Man, what a stud that kid is. I've been watching Chip off the old block. I follow him. He is. I've never met him, but man, he's, he's great. That consistency and that, putting that together and Yeah. Very impressive. I don't know, like I, I've known him since he was a kid, so to me it's fun. Yeah. To watch him become a man and then become this beast. Beast. Yeah. It's amazing. I mean he did, I think it was, was it 9,000 Chin up in 24 hours or 10,000?


There's more. I think It was 10 was the record stuck at 10,001 and Right. I'm good. 9,000 was the record and he got to 10,000. So he broke the record first. And then some cat in Australia broke the record, beat his record. And then he just demolished that guy's record. And then I saw his thing, which was a flex, which reminded me of something I did, which was like one of the highlight moments in my running career, which is, he goes, I got another personal best in the same week at a marathon. And so he ran. So I one time did two marathons a week apart, like six days apart. I did New Jersey Marathon, I won it. And then the next week I did Long Island Marathon and I got clipped by some college runner who beat me in the last like quarter of a mile. Damn. You won a marathon? I I won that one four times in a row. Yeah. That's Insane.


What, what's the time? My fast times at 2 23. Two hours and 23 minutes. Yeah. For a fucking marathon. Yeah. I love Goggins, but every race we've run against each other. I've beat 'em. Well you have two knees, But Yeah, that's insane. That's, that's world class, man. I mean it's like, isn't it? It's like a fast for a weekend warrior. My claim to fame Two hours in 23 minutes One year at the New York City Marathon. I want to, I wanna remember I got 30th place. But at my shows I tell people I was the fastest Jew. That's all that matters. That's all Fastest Jew. All that mattered. That's super impressive that you win marathons. Well, I won that one and then six days later, six or seven, I did this other one and I got beat by this kid who was like 22, I don't can't remember how old I was.


Thirties. And he beat me and he fell and collapsed at the finish. And I'm like, again, I'm pretty fresh. And he goes, oh my God man. He goes, he goes, is that your personal best? And I'll never forget looking in his eyes and this guy's wrecked. And I go, bro, that's not my personal best this week. And it was just, it was just the most fulfilling thing to say for not having won. But I'd run literally a, a week earlier faster. So I, ugh. That was a great moment. Yeah. But he beat you. He did beat me. True. First Loser. That's a weird flex. Yeah, it's a weird flex. So you were a stockbroker? I wasn't technically a stockbroker. I worked on Wall Street, but I did tech. What did you do on Wall Street? So I, I went to school for electrical engineering and then worked like I know the tech guys who supported the I Bankers. Okay.


And then how did you get involved in this mentalist thing? This mentalist thing? Right. What a weird thing. So when I was a teenager, I started doing magic tricks. So I saw a guy on a cruise ship and I, I'd never seen really a magician. I'd never, I wasn't into it, didn't know about it. Didn't have a kid's party magician when I was a kid. And I was obsessed. Literally I was on a cruise. I followed this guy around the cruise ship. It was a little bit stalker esque. And there's not that many places to hide if you're a grown man. So I was finding this guy everywhere to just see more tricks. And I got back home and I bought every book I could at borders. I went to the library. I was obsessive. I'm kind of those types of people who, I don't do anything. 80%, 90%. Given the running today, it's like 120%.


Wow. And that was the thing for about, I don't know, 20 years. It was more, I was doing magic. I was always doing magic on the side. I paid for college, doing magic. Really? To run a couple businesses. Yeah. What did you do? Like do shows? So I graduated high school when I was 16. I like skipped a grade, all this. And then my folks got divorced. Long story. And they moved back to Israel. I was born in Israel, so separately moved back to Israel. So I was a bit of a, I, I guess, I don't know, an adult. Like I had nobody supporting me. So when I went to college, I turned 17. I had to, I had to pay all the bills. Whoa. Yeah. So I, I had, I was doing magic at restaurants. I've been doing magic at restaurants for like 30 years. And that's where I learned how to read people, which is how to go up to a table of people who are like, who's this twerk? Like who's this nerdy kid with braces?


Like what are you doing here? Get outta here. Right. And how do you win them over quickly. Mm. And that's honestly the biggest skill is how do you in sales read people effectively. Mm. Right. That, that's what I'm selling. Right. I'm selling the thought of reading your mind. Now, did you learn the techniques from books? Did you take classes? Like what? Did No classes, books and videos did magic. And so mentalism is kind of a field. Like you had David Blaine in here, right? Legend. Yeah. And growing up like icon. So magic tricks are different because magic is, there's a sleight of hand, right? So you're deceiving your eye by making you look at the wrong place at the right time.


When I do a move and I can practice that move over and over and over until I get it perfect. So that when I perform for you, it works. Right. Okay. Standup comedy the most pure art form. Right? You and a mic. That's it. Mine is the closest magic you have. Props, mentalism. There's no props. Like I don't need you to pick a card anymore. I don't need it. Right. I can just tell you think of a card. Okay. And that's where I go with it. So now you start knowing how people think and you in essence reverse engineer the human mind. Okay. It's kind of like magic of the mind. And so that's where it kind of went from magic. And I kept doing more of the mentalism, more of it. But mentalism has a very steep learning curve. If you go to an open mic and you suck, how many people get to the level of getting better?


Getting better. Putting in the work takes 10 years to be funny for most people, right? Yeah. There's a couple phenoms, but that's a different story. So most mentalists they drop off. 'cause I'm just gonna go back to magic tricks. This works every time. Hmm. So it's more difficult to learn Way more difficult. Is it sheltered? Like is the, the material on it difficult to find is like it's, It's, I think it's more that people don't have the the thick skin. Like the same way you said the quitting mentality where I came back the year later, most people won't improve because you can't practice mentalism in front of a mirror. You can practice magic. So when I do the trick on you and it's a card trick. No, no offense to magic. It's great. But what we're talking about is a much higher level.


I can't get it right. And the first few times you do it, the first a hundred times you eat, you know you eat shit like you're gonna get it wrong. And most people don't want to do that. Oh watch, watch. Let's try something fun. Okay. Okay. How about this? If I were to ask you how long you been married? 16 years. Okay. Nailed that question. Well, well played. Thank you. You got your sister's happy, your wife's happy. If I asked you, would your wife know your social security number? No. She doesn't know it. No. So is there any way in the world I could know your social security number? I don't think so. Where I used say I'm a stalker. Who knows Also. Yeah. Also you could've got the information maybe Online. Agreed. Agreed. Yeah. I'm skeptical. You're skeptical. Well Especially someone famous. Yeah. Yeah.


Fully plus you can't change that. So I'm not gonna do that to you. Data dumps. You know, If I told you right now to make up a random number, I'd say get outta your calculator. I'd love that. And you've added up and you do a random number. You know I'm screw calculate. I want it to be spontaneous. Would your wife know your ATM pin code? No. No. Lie to me. Do not tell me your real at TM pin code. Okay? Obviously, unless you want to make up a fake four digit number off the top of your head, what feels to you utterly spontaneous. Okay. When I say go 1, 2, 3, 4 digit code random go. Okay, Say it. 2020. 2020. Okay. So you ask me how do I do what I do Now I'm gonna write down 2020, okay.


It is weird, but statistically men will lie. Bigger women, smaller men like fly by saying things are bigger. Right? No, shocker. Okay. So I don't think I would tell you right off the jump for me that that means that your first number, you don't have to say anything yet. I wrote 20. 20 is smaller. That's what most people do when they're rushed. If I had given you five minutes, you would've done this different. No, I wouldn't have. No you would've. Why would I have You? Because you would've thought about it and then people go down a different path. Nope. No. Nope. Okay. Worked out for me either way. You'll be honest if I'm right. Okay. I got a hit. Which means it's a zero or one. I think the first number of your code's at one, isn't it your real pin code? My ATM pin code at TM PIN code.


Why would I tell you that on the air? Should I, should I only show this to you? Sure. Only show it to you. Yeah. Can we acquiesce that? The first number I got was correct? Yes. Okay, now you did repetition. So I like the fact when people always say to me it's fake when they watch the videos, they're like, you must have set up. Joe doesn't even want this to happen right now. He had no idea this was gonna happen. You use two numbers in repeats. What that means is you probably did the same thing. You also didn't use any of the same numbers. So I know there's not a two, a zero or two in it. I don't think so either. And I'm watching you while I see it. You put the hand up, you might as well have said yes to me out loud. So now I know. Think of the second number. Okay. Third number, fourth number. Got it. Every time you did it, it's a data point.


Okay. I'm only gonna ask you one more question. I'm not looking for answers. The last number's the biggest isn't it? Yeah. Yeah. I'm showing this to you. Is there a camera behind me? I don't wanna make sure I'm only gonna show it to you. I have this One on. It's not 2020. How'd I do Joe? Is that your a t pin code? Yeah. That's weird. I'm skeptical because I've got that pin code in the mail. You know He's calling his bank right now and being like, yo, do you know this? Is this guy been playing the long game? Yeah, I don't like that.


It's not 1950 anymore. People we know our food is different, highly processed and less nutritious. Industrial farming practices often strip nutrients from the soil and can deplete the nutrients available for us from food. Even the healthiest diets can have nutrient gaps. But AG one Next Gen helps fill those gaps. It's a more in one daily health drink to give your body the nutrients that you can't get from food alone. Especially in today's day and age. AG one Next Gen is clinically backed, rigorously tested and trusted by athletes and experts. I've been partnering with AG one for so long because they really do the work to help you feel a difference in your health. If you want to feel a difference and fill your nutrient gaps, subscribe today to try their newest clinically backed formula. AG one Next Gen. You'll also get a bunch of other free stuff like a bottle of D three plus K two, and five of the upgraded travel packs with your first subscription. Just go to drink AG one.com/ Joe Rogan one scoop a day. Your body will Thank you again, that's drink AG one.com/ Joe Rogan.


Have you ever done that to people and then to withdraw money? No comment. Interesting. Interesting. That was, I'm Trying to avoid criminal. Yeah. So I want everyone to know that was correct, right? Yes. That is you in 2020. Yeah, that was correct. Your wife of 16 years doesn't know it, but now I do. But it's 20, it's 2020. Not it's just 'cause that's the year I moved here. It wasn't like, I think I know. You think that's the Case? No, that's a hundred percent the case. Yeah, that's exactly what it is. What do you mean? You know, I think that's the case. You said a four digit number and I was like, oh, the date I moved here. Right? 2020. Perfect. I hear you. You don't believe me. It's not that I don't believe you, it's that we got layers. So like we're peeling through and I know why you think you picked it and I know that you think you gave me no information.


Okay. But I'm telling you that good luck finding out. How in the world could I have found out your ATM pin code. You said nobody knows this. That informed what I did. So had you thought of a different number of your social security, you wouldn't have said 2020 But that ATM pin code is one that was assigned to me by the bank and I never changed it, right? It's not, I didn't pick it. That's even better, isn't it? Had you picked it? I could have looked this up. That's actually to me more Of a gold standard. No, because you could get it from the bank. 'cause the bank is the one that fucking sent it to me. If I guess man, if I have broken into your bank account, there are bigger things at play than this podcast. I feel I don't keep a lot of Money in that account. Watch this, watch this.


How many UFC fights do you think you've seen in person or commentated? Boy, I don't even know. I really don't know. Well what you C number are we on UFC two thou two? What is it? 2 8, 200 and wait 2 34 or something? What is it at now? 2 35 is the next one. But Each fight has an undercard. You got the, you got the title fight. You got Sometimes as many as 15 fights, right? Or as few? Three Three. Three 16. What is it? Three 16 UF C3 16 is now I'm coming Up on June 7th. What did I say? Two? Yeah, I was Thinking two for a second. Say two. Didn't we have 300 already? Oh, You know what? I'm think I'm confusing.


Podcast numbers we're in the two thousands. Oh yeah, that's What it's you're a lot of podcasts. UFC. Yeah, that's, so it's UF C3 what? Three 16. Three 16. 10 fights per, so I haven't been on all of those cards, but I started commentary wise in 2021 and just as a post-fight interviewer in 97. So 97 I did it for two years, not as many shows. And then from 2001 I used to do 20 a year. I used to do a lot. I was doing most of them. I would say thousands of fights. Thousands. Right. So Probably watch This because I love that.


I like the way you think and I like that you're skeptical. 'cause I'm a huge skeptic. I'm always the one calling BS on this. Okay. Right. That's how I be, that's how I started doing it. If you think through all your fights and you go back in time and they need to know this is spontaneous, this is impulsive. You have not thought of this before, this moment have you. Right. I want you to stop and start thinking of different fighters. Past or present. Could be somebody huge, could be a legendary figure. Could be somebody more under the radar. Okay. Maybe you've had them on the podcast, maybe you haven't. Watch. Make sure you think I'm not guiding you the same way you said 2020 go. I said that. I would've said that no matter what. Let someone jump into your mind. Okay. Right now that you've definitely seen one of his, I guess, or her fights.


Okay. Bam. I'm not guessing it. I don't care. Okay. Tell us, was it a specific fight you saw this person in or are you just seeing the fighter? Just Seeing the fighter? No. No. Go to a specific fight of that person. Try to like contextualize it or change to a different fighter Right now if you feel like you need to Maybe, let me think. Let me think. See, Joe's not gonna want to change. And now that I said that, I'm trying to get it crafty. Yeah, get Crafty. I'm Trying to move along here. Are you gonna come up with the name of The mind? I'm not coming up with anything. Okay. I wanna see how your mind worked. I'm only doing this because you told me. I would've said 2020.


No matter what you think that you had the thought, regardless of what I did, and I want you to see that there's causality. Boom. Do it now. Who just came into your head? Okay, tell us. I'm not guessing. Anderson Silva Anderson sil, legendary, right? Yes. Did he win or lose that fight? He won. He won that fight? Yes. How many people did you go to? So funny you said Anderson Silva, legendary guy. How many people did you think of before you landed on him? Oh, I don't know. I would, yes, scrolled Rolodex. It just all went flying through my mind. Just gimme a guess. How many times Do you? Dozens. Dozens. Yeah. They just all went flying through my head. Dozens. Yeah. If you had to put a number on it and you actually count 'em, how many do you think you went through? Guess?


I mean, let's be conservative and say for like 14. Let's like, not even say dozens. He was the 14th fighter that popped in your head. No, no, he was in there. He was in the mix. I just, He was in the mix. I was just trying to figure out which one to pick. I was gonna get one with a crafty Russian name. Should Have, It's one Of those Chein. Yeah. Alright. No, 14 people went through your head. Anderson Silva. I, it's, do you think that at some point in this week you heard something that got that in the back of your head that made you say that? Now do you think there's any way that that could happened? No, I don't believe so. No, you don't, right? No, I don't believe so. Okay. I've just been a huge fan of his forever. I, I don't think something popped up that made me think about him.


Alright. I'm just curious. Okay. No trick. I'm just curious why that happened. Yeah. Where do we go from here? Where are you Going with this? Where are you going with this? I Don't know where I'm going. You don't know? I do. Okay. But I'm not telling you yet. Oh, okay. Now Joe's Flummox. He's Like, where do we go? No, I mean like, I don't know why you asked me the question if you don't have a resolution, Oh, I'm not guessing it. I wanted to see where you thought of why it came to your mind there. There will be a reason. I don't wanna explain it yet, but you'll see. Okay. Yeah. There'll be a reason why it came into My mind. I think so. I think there is. Yeah. What's the reason? Well, I don't, I don't wanna tell you yet. I'm selling the sizzle, not the steak.


So these techniques that you use, are these ones that you've invented or these ones? A lot of 'em. A lot of them. Yeah. Yeah. And how did you invent them? How did they come to you? You know, I think my favorite form of entertainment by far is standup comedy. Like straight up, I'm a fanboy of comedians. Like not the people that do what I do because that's, I just love watching how you can take any premise and stuff that's not funny. Right. The people that really go, you know, you do like Andrew Schultz life. Did you watch his? I haven't seen it yet. You haven't seen It? No. So how do you take infertility? Right. And just, it's not really a very funny subject. And Make it in Incre is incredible special. He's amazing. He's, he's amazing. He's so good, so good.


And so I like the fact that how you invent that. So I design with an end in sight. I say, what do I want people to remember about what I do? Mm. Because I'm not really in the business of fooling you honestly. And like entertaining you. All of those are side effects. What do I think I do for a living? I create memorable moments, which is very definable because if you go see a movie, let's see, see a popcorn flick, you walk outta the movie theater 10 minutes. Like what? What happened in the movie? I don't know. I know it was fun. I don't know. That to me is a hundred percent like the death of my show. You'll leave and you'll remember things hopefully for years to come. And that's because I can rework your memory.


That's really a lot of the techniques I do. People think that your memory is infallible, that what you see is some sort of blueprint, like a video. And it's not, it it, it has to do with how you feel in the moment. The emotions, the things you can position the same way hypnosis works. So I can kind of engineer memories in a certain way. The way people remember things, the way they think and create those moments that people talk about hopefully for years. And that's what's been, you know, I guess that's what's been the driver of my business and what's helped, helped lead to my success. Engineering memories. And when you first started getting into mentalism, is that the word to use for it? Yeah. Mentalism. Yeah. You're a mentalist, but do you call it mentalism? I guess So, yeah. Mentalism. Did you know that? Or is it something that No, no.


I learned it. I learned, You know what? I learned certain things and I observed them and I didn't understand why they happened. Do you ever have that, you ever have a moment in a set where you say it's something that you didn't think was funny, but got a huge laugh? Do you know? Do you have that or do you know? Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Cause it wasn it's usually not the punch. It's like, I didn't know. That would be funny. Right. Then Oftentimes with a new bit. Yeah. You know? Right. You don't exactly know where it's funny, Where the beats are. Right. What was the word I said in this way? What was that inflection point? So when I was doing restaurants, I had this trick where I would have somebody pick a card out of a deck of cards, right? They would put the card back in the deck, they sign it with their name. And I used to do this at a bunch of restaurants. They would shuffle up the deck, I'd give 'em a rubber band. I say rubber band, that bad boy. And I would take the deck and I would throw it at the ceiling.


It's kind of a famous trick. And then boom, the ceilings were really high at all the restaurants I worked at. So nobody could peel the, their card would be stay stuck to the ceiling. And this was great for multiple ways. One, everybody talks about it and they're like, dude, this guy stuck my card to the ceiling. How hell he do that? They would also bring people back to the restaurant. You write Chaching Chaching. My, the managers loved me 'cause we'd bring more people back to see it and point it where their card was. Right. Business 1 0 1. And so I created a great value proposition to the manager. Why am I there? I'm, you know, getting you guys more customers, right? But one time I'm listening to people that came back in and they're talking about the trick and they go, yo man, I, I picked a card. I I I put it back in the deck and, and I shuffled it up and next thing I know I look at the ceiling and my card's on the ceiling and I'm like, yo, that's not what happened.


I threw the deck up, the deck fell down, and then the card was on the ceiling. So I go, why did that guy misremember it? Right? Maybe he's just drunk, maybe whatever. But I'm trying to understand why did he have a different memory of the same event? And what I realized is that people observe what you have them focus on. Right. Tony Robbins has a great bit where he goes, right now, close your eyes. Tell me everything that's green in this room. And you're like, green, I don't, you know, I, but then when you open your eyes, I see that the UFO lights are green instantly. But I say, close your eyes again. What's purple in this room? I'm like, I didn't look for purple. You find what you're looking for. So if I didn't say it, it took me a while to like, iterate and figure it out. But if I don't look up when I throw the cards, when I would throw the cards up and let them fall back down in my hand and not look up, the percentage would go 80, 90%.


That afterwards people, when they told the story, they edited, they clipped out the part of me throwing the, the, the deck. And now it becomes a miracle. How the hell is that card on the ceiling stuck. You mean you shuffled it. It was sign, it's on the ceiling. That went from being a good trick to a miracle. And I kind of learned that at about age 15. And I started to realize how do I do that with everything I do? Because that's a life hack for everything you do. That's not magic. That's life. How do you get people to remember what you want and forget the things you don't want? Wow. That's how you achieve success. You start to highlight your strengths. You, you find ways. And that's a learnable skill. That's not something for magic. That's something in all of life.


And what is it like when you're thinking this, when you're thinking I'm gonna get people to remember something. Like how, how do you, how are you doing this? Like what's your intention when you're trying to devise like what to, what to do? Well, I guess, I guess my intention, well at the end of the day, I'm a competitive SOBI wanna be the best in the world at what I do. Like I'm driven by that. It's Olympic gold medalist. Like I wanna do the best things possible. Most people don't know what a mentalist is. You go on the street, a hundred people, how many people are gonna say, yeah, I have a second. ATM card. Leave that for the end. Huh? You wanna try It again? Not Yet. No. I don't like to do the same thing. I gotta do better stuff. I wanna see it again though. I wanna see if you can do it again. Alright, Before we go. How about that? Not right now. We're, we're, we're in Flow. Okay. Okay.


But I'm trying to throw you off. You could listen. I don't get it right every time. That's the other part. A magic trick works every time. This doesn't, I've eaten it on live national tv. Really? Millions of people watching. Yeah, man. There's, there's no safety net. Like it's not a trick. There's not a car trick where you put it in. I find it. There's not like that. So how are you doing it? Well, I mean, I'm telling you, I don't read minds. I read people. I've got a whole host of different skills, algorithms, you name it like misdirection. It's all a wheelhouse of skills that I'm using to create the impression. I can read your mind, But this has gotta be a weird thing to know how to do Weird. Like in a bad way or a good way. Definitely a good way. Yeah. But weird to like, you have like an extra frequency.


I agree. That you're tuning into with humans, like you're experiencing life in a different way. 'cause you're experiencing life through this understanding of like, thought patterns in A way that other people have. It's, You know what? The best don't have way. Do you remember in Born Identity the first scene, like one of the scenes where he loses memory and he walks in the restaurant. Do you remember that scene? And he's sitting at a diner. Do you remember that one? I Don't. He sits there and he turns and he goes, he doesn't remember who he is. And he goes, why do I know? And I'm gonna massacre this quote, but I, why do I know that that guy's two 50 can handle himself in a fight? Why do I know this? Why do I know that right now I could run for two and a half miles before my core temperature goes down to this. Like, he, it's like this amazing superhero spy moment of like, how the hell does he know all that stuff? So he's observing life at a much more hyper-focused level than most people are.


Most people are dialed in at autopilot. If you could set a speaker to autopilot and here's what you're observing, I don't do it in my day-to-day life. It requires focus. It's not the same. It's kinda like, I guess, I don't know. I don't lift weights, I just run. But how much focus is required to try to do, you know, the large bench press you've ever done? I assume that you have to get psyched up. You have to focus, you have to do everything right for that to work. It's just an analogy. But for me, when I'm performing, you ask me why'd I run 27 miles this morning? That dials in my mind. Mm. Like I'm focused where I thought through everything I'm gonna do today. I'm, it's, it's a laser focus that got me kind of in tune. I could also have not run, But that, that's, that's, I'm also away from home.


So that was like my joy


Is a sequel better than the original. We're gonna find out at UF C3 16. It is a rematch. Nine months in the making. Get in on all the action at Draftking Sports book. The official sports betting partner of the UFC. It's a huge night of fights. Headline by a rematch between Mirab d wa, Willie, and Suha O'Malley as O'Malley looks to avenge the unanimous decision that saw ish Willie take the Bantamweight title back in September. First time betting on UFC at DraftKings. It's easier than you think. Just pick something simple like a fighter to win and make your pick. That's all there is to it. And if you're new to DraftKings, here's your shot at cashing in right now. New customers bet $5 to get $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins UF C3 16 and DraftKings one night only for a shot to win some cash, download the Draftking Sports book app now and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and wire at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino in Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. BET must win to receive reward Minimum minus 500 odds required. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio.


So when you are like putting together a show, when you're gonna do a show, how do you structure it? Like how do you, like day one you're like, okay, I'm getting ready to do a show. You mean something on TV or like what I do for a living? Like, like events or Either one. Any kind of show you're doing. So for my day-to-day living, which is I do a lot of like really big corporate events and then I do, you know, I guess a lot of private parties, things of that sort, performances like live performances typically. I, I structure it the same way I think anybody would. I want to go out the gate very strong. I want to very instantly establish credibility. Who am I? What do I do? Am I any good at it? And why should you be paying attention to me?


Because all those questions off the jump is like, who the hell cares? I always go into it with who cares what you can do? You're special. I don't care. I like the thought of, I'm gonna prove to you that this is something incredible and that it's something you're interested in emotionally. Right? If I told you just make a random number up, who cares? But now it's gonna haunt you that that's your fricking at TM pin code. So I prefer that. So I do something very quick that freaks you out. And then every single thing needs to have a very clear premise. Like, I call it clarity of effect. I don't like a trick where I'm like, get a book, get a Rubik's cube. Get the, like, it's too confusing. You need to be able to explain to a 6-year-old what I did in one sentence for it to be memorable. That's the key.


The best things you've ever seen are typically stuff you can describe in one max, two sentences. Mm. And for tv, for TV it's the same, same exact thing. But I always like to do new stuff. So I have done a lot of TV appearances and I always structure it based on who's watching. So rather than it being about me and me saying, oh, look what I can do and look how cool this is. Right? You do a card trick. Again, I'm not saying that's not amazing, but the card trick's about you. Typically, if I'm on ESPN and I've, you know, done hundreds of millions of views doing stuff for football players, you're watching this, you're a football fan, you're like, who cares about this guy? I'm gonna do stuff about football players and about what interests you If you're a fan.


I dunno if you've ever seen, I did a, a clip with Joe Burrow from the Bengals where I said, Joe, I ever spoken to you a word in my life. He goes, no. Like I honestly, the funny thing about that is I wasn't even supposed to use him in the show. They told me he's shy, he doesn't wanna like, don't use him in the show. And they said, if you can't avoid him, and I got in there, I tried to rile up the gang, you know, kind of pure pressure. And I'm like, should we get Joe in here? And they're like, yeah, get him up. Haven't spoken a word to this guy in my life. There's no access. I mean, I went in with ESPN, shout out to Adam Schaffer, who I love, who set all these wheels in motion, but Joe stands up, doesn't know me from anyone. And I say, every wide receiver and tight end in the room, stand up. And I go, what if I could tell you who you're gonna throw that ball to? What's that worth?


Right? That's the holy grail. If you're in football, I go catch the ball quarterback. I go look at everyone in this room and now look at me. And I wrote on a huge, huge thing. Show the camera, throw it to anybody you want. Throws it. Got the first one, right? I go, let's do it again. I go throw it to anyone you want. He goes, anyone? I go, anyone throws it. Got the second one, right? Everyone's freaking out. I go, one last play, one LA to is luck. And I write fakes to Jamar. You can watch the clip. It, it's most viral thing I've ever done. And he fakes it to Jamar, turns around, throws it to another guy. Nailed it. Exactly. Just, and you just see his face. And so I was thinking about how I would do that for two years. Two years of thinking of every single way that could work, not work go wrong.


Everything about it was, you know, he thought I went in the room and it's so simple. That was two years of me thinking about it during every run. So for two years you knew you were gonna do this or you knew that you Were, I I I started with the end. You asked me the same way. I don't know how you like form a set, but you asked me how do I design. I was designing with the story people would tell. And so people that don't know who I am, don't know anything, go, yo, we saw this guy, did you see this guy? He just told Joe Burrow to throw the ball to any people. Throws it, gets it right, throws it. Like the story is I told the quarterback anybody he would throw the ball to. So it was any quarterback. It wasn't Joe Burrow in your head. Well, Well, I didn't know who it would be, But he said you could do it for two years. So for two years you thought you were gonna be on ESPN and with a quarterback?


Well, no. So I had, he was the second season. So when I first started it, I start brainstorming. I'm like, I can't control what thoughts come in. I'm constantly thinking about what I'm gonna do. And I, I just do notes apps, I write stuff down in the shower. Like when I run is when I come up with stuff and in the shower sometimes on airplanes, but I sleep on planes. But that's when it hits me. Mm. Like where are your, where are your bursts? You must have, like, where are you getting material Mostly late at night or, right, yeah, but sometimes driving. Driving You don't do phone calls, calls or anything. I mean, I, phone calls, I'm usually concentrated on talking to people. Yeah. They're, they're not the times where ideas come to me. A lot of times it's driving with no music on. Wow.


Yeah. I I'm never in the car by myself ever. Oh really? Family that Yeah. Five kids. Oh wow. Yeah. With driving to work. Yep. You know, usually that's when it comes to me. Yeah. And I'm in New York City, so there's no, or sauna, Sauna Sauna's good. Yeah. Because you can't be on electronics, right? Yeah. Yeah. The phones are a killer. Yeah. The phones like, you zap any creativity or boredom you need boredom. Yeah. You do need boredom. Yeah. You need boredom for ideas to come to you for sure. Yep. Yeah. That's the problem. But essentially with social media, it's like, it's a boredom. It it, you are still bored, but you are occupied. Right. You don't get to sit with it. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Which I think is key because that's when they kind of fire off.


Yep. And I think that's, you know, not to get into it, but like so many kids now have no way to deal with boredom. Yep. Like, it's like panic. I gotta get my phone, I gotta, you know. Yeah. That whole feeling of, I wish there was a way to do that, you Know? Yeah. They're just completely unaccustomed to not being constantly entertained. Right. And even entertained by nonsense. It's not even really entertaining, it's just distracting. Yeah. Which is a big part of it. Yeah. Yeah. So you sat out for two years prepping this thing? No, I didn't sit out. I was just always thinking it's like a, right. I mean, but you know, you set out, I should say Yeah. Set out in your mind you had this idea in your head for two years, how Do I do it? Yeah. How do you do it? How do you Do it? That's that, that, that was the question.


'cause I didn't know how to do it at first. How Did you do it? That's million dollar question. Right? I wouldn't be in business if everybody knew. That's kind of, Well, okay, even better. How did you learn how to do this kind of thing? So I, I started with books and then there's some videos, but it's a very esoteric, But one of the books tell you that's applicable. They give you a, a series of foundational things. Like right, almost everybody who becomes a mentalist starts a magician. It's kinda like if you're a doctor, you gotta be a doctor before you become a plastic surgeon. So there's this core set of skills that you utilize to, to know how to fool people, right? To know how people think. Okay? Right. Think about you. If I taught you a car trick right now, there's always a level of deception. You go, oh, that's sleigh of hand.


Well, not even, there's tricks called self-work tricks where you don't need to do any sleigh of hand. Okay? They work by themselves as long as you follow the instructions like Ikea furniture, like step one, step two, step three. Got it. As long as you can work people in a certain way to do the right things versus somebody, I'm not doing that. You're like, oh shit, what do I do right now? Right. You have to know how to finesse people. You have to influence people effectively. And so that same stuff within magic almost always applies to props. You need a thing to do the trick. Okay? Now, it could be a regular deck of cards, in which case you're littering slights. But also there's gimmicks, right? There's tricks you can buy at stores, which when I was a kid, I'm like, oh, teenager. I'm like, get me the next gimmick. But then to get better, you start being able to do stuff impromptu, right?


That's when you kind of hit another level where I don't need stuff. I can do stuff with anything, you know? I could do stuff. It's like a, a good story for my book that I'm writing right now. But it's like where, where I, I just needed anything around. I was like, I end up in jail for a weekend. That's a long story, but like in jail one weekend, stupid weekend. But I walk in there by myself and I, I should have been out that day. But anyway, I got stuck all weekend and I watched them with cards And it was like, I had trained my whole life for this moment where I walked up record scratch to like 40 dudes. And I go, can I see those cards? And it was like everyone looked at me like, what's the guy about to do? And I just did card tricks for the next eight hours when I went to take a shower, I'm like, am I, I'm like thinking of the show, Oz.


I'm like, oh my God, right now I take, I had protection. I went to the shower, Acosta County Jail in, in Michigan. And literally I had people being like, go take a shower. We got you bro. What did you go to jail for? So stupid. So we had, this is so dumb. This almost derailed my whole career. Drunken idiots. I go up to visit a buddy in college and we steal from a Papa. John's got, don't ask me why a broken phone at a college. Papa John's just being idiots. I paid for the pizza, but there was a broken phone on the counter. And you know, this is like me slight a hand style. I'm like, I'm just stealing this thing. I just gone And it was in my jacket. And then I told my buddies, you guys gotta get something too. So they go in the bathroom, which doubles up as the employee locker room.


And they take three dirty shirts, dirty shirts from a laundry bin. And we bring them back to my buddy's house like idiots. We wear them and we at the party, I barely remember this, I was like, blackout drunk are like Papa John's. Who wants a pizza? Who wants a pizza? I end up going to sleep on, on his futon, right at like 2:00 AM and at 4:00 AM someone comes in and they're like, yo, the cops are here. I'm like, dude, it's not my house. What do you want from me? Did you guys Post the videos or talk? No. This is pre-social media, man. No, no. Somebody ratted us out. Somebody's roommate. I found this out way later. Oh, calling and goes, yo bro, there's a bunch of dudes here with a broken phone from Pop. I didn't know any of this, but somebody comes in, they're like, yo, the cops are here. And I'm like, they're here for you. And I'm like, here for me. What do you mean they're here for me?


I don't live here. And cops come in the room and I'm wearing like aggressively small underwear at this point. This is like tidy whitey. This couldn't have been more of like a bad perp walk. And I, they go, yo, you're under arrest. And I'm like, for what? And they're like, for stealing from Papa John's. And what am I gonna say? I'm wearing the shirt. Oh my God. This is on a Friday night. How Old were you? I was 20 years old and I was just about to get an internship from Merrill Lynch. And while this story is hilarious now, it's like a funny chapter in my book. It was like, God, help me. Did I avoid everything? And then when I went to jail, yo scariest one of scariest days in my life. 'cause it's, It's How did you get out of everything?


So I got outta everything 'cause I had a clean record. I was a pretty upstanding citizen. And you know, not to get in the weeds, there's something called Holmes Youthful Trainee Act. Wonder if they still have it. Where it was expunged from my record. Didn't have to report it to like the Wall Street firm. And they also said they were charging me. They put us in like a drunk tank, me and two buddies. And they said they're charging us with felony larceny. And I'm, I've seen some like law and order. I'm like, felony what? It's just like, what do we steal? Like 20 bucks worth of stuff. They go, but you stole things they don't sell. Had you stolen $999 of pizza, it would've been a misdemeanor. And I know they're lying to me. I'm not a mentalist then and I'm inebriated. But I can read the room, didn't say a word, knew this was bs. And then they separate us when we went to general population.


And it's not like the movies, right? You know, it's, it's like, it was, it was wild. It was wild when I went in there and I just knew this is my cheat code. It was like everything in life had prepared me for this moment. And the jail was also, again, I, I didn't know this, but it was very segregated. Like, the white dudes are here, the black dudes are here. And I didn't know What, what do you do when you go in? Like what do you do? I'm five foot nothing. I'm like a buck 40 dripping wet. What do I do? Who, how do you make friends right now? And And I see the black guys play in spades and I just walk up and it's like, you make your move. And I'm like, lemme see those cards. And it was just, it's, it's like a moment I have and I didn't stop for hours and I didn't repeat a trick. Like I know tricks encyclopedic. I just go all day.


Wow. Yeah. What an experience. It was crazy. That's wild. And then it was all thrown out and cost me some money. It was definitely a very, very stressful few weeks. And I never stole anything since, honestly that was scared straight. That was very, very smart. Like I, you prefer to learn a lesson like that for my kids, especially without being stupid. But so many of just have to be stupid to internalize a lesson of touching the stove. And I had to burn my hands. But did You always talk this way? The way you talk, you talk very fast, I know with a lot of energy. Is this your whole life? I think so. Even though man, anyone on 1.5 x, the way I listen to podcasts is gonna be miserable with me. But yeah, that's, I talk fast. Maybe like you're listening to podcasts at that speed, you're communicating at that speed. Yes.


It's like you're on, you know, I'm on. And you ran 27 fucking miles. That's true Today. No caffeine. So I'm not a caffeine Guy. You don't drink caffeine at all? I try to avoid it. Like I'm not a coffee guy. I missed the boat on coffee. I honestly wish I did. It probably wouldn't be good for me given how dialed in I am. But like I just never started drinking caffeine so I never got into it. Do you ever mess with any stimulants? Not Really, no. Not really. What does that mean? Like What do you mean by stim? Like I'll have Like anything if I don't sleep. Yeah. And, and that happens a lot. So if I'm not like getting enough sleep and I've done a red eye and I'm this and that, I will occasionally do like a Celsius or a Red Bull. But I don't really like it. I do it kind of as medicine because I have to be alive and function.


But I really try to avoid it. 'cause I, What is it like when you get hit with a Celsius and you haven't been drinking any caffeine? So I only drink about a third of it and then I pour it out and, and my kids are always like, why are you pouring that out? And they call everything a brewsky, which is a weird thing they call just 'cause before I'd always like, it was always like a brewski is what they, they've extrapolated to every beverage in a can. Being a brewski. That's hilarious. It's hilarious. That's Funny. And so, but one Third just like must jolt You. I can't do more than that. To the roof? Yeah. Yeah. Like if you drank a Four Loco, I did four Lo four Lo have booze in it. Yo four Locos are like does It? Yeah, that's what I'm thinking. Yeah, it was like booze. But it has like caffeine too, right? That's like bad decisions in a can right there.


Yeah. Like what am I thinking of? Oh, a red line. Is that the one? No, I think it's Four Loco. It's caffeine mixed with alcohol. This is one that's like, was just caffeine. It was fucking crazy. That Was the stuff to take like pre-workout that was fucking People up. Was that a red line? Something like that. Oh there was that one. That was the other one that was Rip Fuel is a sequel better than the original.


We're gonna find out at UF C3 16. It is a rematch. Nine months in the making. Get in on all the Action Draftking Sports book. The official sports betting partner of the UFC. It's a huge night of fights. Headline by a rematch between Marab dwa Willie and Suha O'Malley as O'Malley looks to avenge the unanimous decision that saw ish Willie take the Bantamweight title back in September. First time betting on UFC at DraftKings. It's easier than you think. Just pick something simple like a fighter to win and make your pick. That's all there is to it. And if you're new to DraftKings, here's your shot at cashing in right now. New customers bet $5 to get $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins, you have C3 16 and DraftKings one night only for a shot to win some cash. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app now and use the Code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. If you or someone you know has a GAMBLING PROBLEM, call the Virginia Problem Gambling helpline at 8 8 8 5 3 2 3521 and over Virginia only Eligibility restrictions apply. Bet must win to receive reward Minimum minus 500 odds required. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dkg.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by Eight Sleep. You guys must have heard about Eight Sleep by now. Right? You know the company with the sole mission of improving your sleep. So Eight Sleep has just launched a new product, the pod five. It's the latest generation of their signature innovation. A smart mattress cover that automatically regulates your body temperature throughout the night. The result you enjoy up to one full hour of additional quality sleep each night. Just put the pod five on top of your current mattress and let it work its magic. The AI driven autopilot will learn your sleep patterns and adjust your temperature elevation and wake up timing. And thanks to its built in sensors, you get a personalized sleep report every morning. No need to wear any devices. Head over to Eight Sleep dot com slash rogan and use the code Rogan to get $350 off the pod. Five Ultra. You still get 30 days to try it at home and return it if you don't like it. But you will love it. I love it. I love mine. And your body will thank you for this investment in better sleep. Eight Sleep shipping to countries worldwide. See details at Eight Sleep dot com slash rogan.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. So you've always been like this. I gotta ask my wife. I think so. I want more on now because we're doing something, but if I go on certain platforms or TV and I know I wanna be slow, then I'll just calibrate down, but I'm getting fired up. Do you, when you plan out a show, whether it's a corporate show or a television show, do you have like a whiteboard? Do you like put your ideas on? Like how do you, how do you do it? So I, I take meticulous notes about everything. Everyone I meet everything at the end of a show immediately as quickly as I can afterwards. Probably some people record shows. I hate rewatching myself on corporate shows and like live shows. Sure. I don't mind TV stuff, but for some reason those, if I've repeated material, 'cause I, you know, it's like muscle memory.


You've done this before. It irks me to watch again. But I write down everything that happened. Every si nuance, like paragraphs about everything that happened, which is a useful like life hack 'cause I remember it all. But also I get repeat bookings a lot. So if somebody brings me back now, it's like a real magic trick where I know everything about what happened. And if you even just recount stuff from two years ago, people think you have superhuman memory or what are they, like people's number one subjects are themselves, their family and their friends. Right. The more you can do that right. And give them back stuff about them, the more they're like, wow, what a caring individual. Right. Being a good listener a lot of times just repeating back to people what they just said. Right? Right.


When you do these corporate shows and you do these television shows, when it goes great. Do you have this idea in your head like, now I've gotta ramp it up, now I've gotta push it even further. Now I've gotta make it even more difficult for me for Sure for TV more than corporate because corporate's not as big of a deal. Because what does somebody want there? They want to find quantity. Right? Right. They don't want somebody, you don't want to work out new material if you're being paid a lot. It's just, it's at a stadium. Are you doing new ones? Eh? Like you're gonna do your hour. Right? You're gonna do what's solid. So I do a lot of that and the problem is I don't really have a lot of places where I can do new material.


'cause I'm, I'm, I'm just so busy. So I have so many events that I I I don't really have like anything that I can Yeah, there're like open mics for mentalists where you can go and practice. There might have been in the past, but right now it's not. It's just not where I'm at. So Do you just practice on friends sometimes and people, you Know, I, everything's in my head everything. So yeah. So I I, a lot of the things I'll I'll do on TV I've never done before. Ever. Really? Yeah. So I'm just thinking through everything that could go wrong and I go through kind of like a list of what could go wrong here, what could go wrong here? What if they think this right there? What if we change this? I have like plan A, B, C, D, E, I have just a long list of what everything will go like a pick your own adventure and typically I know where to go with it. And then controlling your body and your tension is everything.


Right? So you're a hunter, you step on a branch, animal hears it, what happens, right. Gone. Right. It's a, it's a, it's a sense that we can feel we have the same thing. We're animals. If I get tense when something's going wrong, you can sense it. Even if you don't know it on a conscious level, You can sense it. Right. And now we have a cascade. So my job is, is based upon me being somewhere of the alpha and being in control of the situation. And so if I Right. Think about it. If I just said, think of your pin code, you're like, I don't want to, right? I don't want to. I'm gonna do this instead. I'm gonna do this instead. Right. How did you acquiesce to my will? You did what I wanted in essence. Right. We could manipulate any way, but at the end of the day, you did what I wanted.


Right. And in my show, I'm the one pointing the camera. I'm always the director. You don't get to point where you want. I'm kind of in charge. And even if I let you think you're in charge, I'm still in charge at the end of the day. Right? Right. I come to my kids, I want them to eat veggies. I don't say you gotta eat your veggies. They'll say no. I go, you're so lucky right now. Carrots, cucumbers or peppers. Which one? You're so lucky you get to choose first before your brother or sister. Now I've framed it differently. Mm. Right. Anybody who has toddlers knows that's the best way to do it. Yeah. Don't go straight on. That's not gonna work. Right. So the same thing applies power dynamics in relationships with people. So I, I got lost in my train of thought, but in essence, if I am messing up And you know it, it's gonna go downhill really fast.


Right. And so on tv, some of my biggest mess ups, you don't know, but I am shitting my pants flop sweat like fully. And I can't let you see that I need to be so calm because if I am not calm, you can actually, you can actually tell and it's gonna keep going worse. And I can't get you to go back to what I want. And now I've lost control of the situation. Mm. So years and years were spent doing that. It's, it's, I would say it's very akin to a sniper. I'm, I'm not a sniper, don't get me wrong. I'm not military. But how do you calm your heart rate? How do you stay calm even when you're not? And I, I could have an HRM on me. I'm calm when things are going wrong because, And that must help. The running must help for that. I think So. Control your heart rate, low heart rate.


I just in control of it as well. Right? Yeah. Like your, your heart muscles very finely tuned. Yeah. I think it helps. I mean it can't hurt. I think it Does. Yeah. My friend Cam Haynes Yep. Who, who also runs these crazy ultra marathons. He's also the best bow hunter in the world. And bow hunting is, a lot of it is controlling your anxiety at the moment of the shot execution. And I would imagine for him his heart rate is like completely under control all the time because he's always like very low. Yeah. You know, because he does so many miles, like everything he could stay calm. It's probably a really great tool just for staying calm. Right? I Think so. I, I mean I, the way I describe the ultra marathons, 'cause they're silly, right?


You, he just ran, I love cam ran 250 miles. Do you see that thing? Yeah. I'm amazing. That's a crazy thing to do. It's ridiculous. That's not healthy. And I'm a nutcase who can say that? And for most people they're like, I don't wanna do that. And you don't need to. But what is that? What is that really? When you do that, everything else in life becomes easier. The lows that you experience when you do something like that is a way you cannot fake in any other way. You cannot test who you really are than putting yourself. You could be on the couch saying, what would I do? And be tough guy. And you're pretend to be Goggins or Hanes, but until you get in that level where you're miserable, you haven't slept in a day, you have all that, there might be another way to push yourself.


But that's where you learn who am I really at my core. And then when you go back to normal life, everything else, the volume is turned down. And when I come back from those races, all I do is get a mirror to put up to see who am I really, when things are at their lowest and when I wanna quit and I don't. Hmm. Yeah. I think that's, that's a very strong statement. I think one of the things that you just said there, I've said a bunch of times is that if you can work out really hard and push your body and push your mind, it makes other forms of adversity that you face during the day much easier. And I think that's one of the reasons why so many people are so filled with anxiety. It seems like that's such a simple solution that most people don't want to accept it.


Like, oh, there's more to that. There's a mental imbalance. There's a, there's a this, there's that like there perhaps. But everybody that I know that does what I'm talking about, everybody I know that pushes themselves very hard in the gym or running or doing yoga or whatever, they're the most happy and the most relaxed and they're able to face adversity throughout the day much easier than people that don't take care of their body, that don't eat well, that don't exercise and don't experience any voluntary physical discomfort. I couldn't agree more. It's just, I think it's, it's, I think it's mandatory, you know, And it doesn't have to be what I do or it doesn't have to be what you do. It's go find, do pickleball.


Okay, go play some other sport tennis. Do something that's fun. Jiu-jitsu's a great one. Yeah. Because it's fun to do. And then you learn how to do something while you're working out. Moi Thai is another one like that, you know, there's a lot of stuff that You can do that's fun, that's exercise. But man, you should exercise. You Know, you gotta move your body. You gotta move your body. Again, I don't wanna speak outta turn like medical, but they've shown over and over that exercise is just, it's almost as effective in certain regards and like, like just being a certain level of healthiness than antidepressants. No more effective. Yeah, more effective. More effective. It's unbelievable. Statistically clinically more effective. More effective. Yeah. Because it's, of course it is.


Of course it is. Like this is the reason why people are so filled with anxieties is 'cause your body has certain physical requirements, right? Your body was designed to fight off predators and to runaway from enemies and to hunt and gather food. That's the same DNA as people that lived tens of thousands of years ago, courses through your body. That's, or it's the fabric of your body that's you. Right? You like, you can't deny that. And there's a reason why this, this sedentary sort of generation that we're experiencing right now because of phones and tablets and all the sitting in front of screens all the time. It's the most depressed, Right? No, for sure. Anxious too. Like that Jonathan hate on like, it's, it's, yeah, it's, it's wild.


The correlation and it's just so clear cut. But yeah, social media is very, it's, it's, it's one of those things. There's some benefits, but man, oh man, you can't put that genie back in the bottle. No. So you gotta find the right way to do it. There's some benefits in that. There's a lot of inspiration. I agree. You know, and also information, you know, I'm not completely off of social media. I, I tap anywhere, but I've radically reduced it over the last month or so. And in doing that it's really been much, much nicer. Like life is way easier. But occasionally I'll find something really interesting on social media. So it's like, boy, I don't want to not know that. I don't want to not like find out about some new scientific breakthrough or some new thing that's going on.


One of the things that I've found that helps me though, instead of social media, I just, I just have a bunch of stuff that I curate in my Google news app. And so I'll just like find like any sort of scientific breakthrough or some weird discovery or a lot of really interesting things about ancient civilizations. I just have that stuff curate. So I just shows up on my feed, which is better. Where do you So much get that on your phone, right? Yeah. Yeah. It's just the Google news app. It's great because it's like, that way I can find stuff out without having to go and just hopefully randomly run into it on X or on Instagram. Right. You know, that's helped, that helps a, a lot Terrible with X. And a lot of my friends get news on x.


I'm just like, Oh, I just, it's too much Negativity. It's all a lot of negativity. And for Instagram for years I started realizing that it just like a compare and despair is one of, do you know that like where I'm, I'm like, why am I getting off of this and feeling worse than I did getting on it. Yeah. And so I really had to flip a switch in my brain to to, to, I got rid of that. Anything that I don't like, I don't show. And I stopped focusing on what's I don't have and what I focus on, what I do have. And so it, it, So did you like used to go to it and you see someone with a giant house and a Lamborghini or something like that? Was it material possessions? It Wasn't material it was, I need to use, so I don't look at people and hope poorly upon them.


I look more at it and say I'm not doing enough. So it's like a inferior, you're always gonna be lesser than Right? You're always gonna be, someone's gonna be younger, richer, smarter like every er. But in my case, it was more of I wanted to achieve a level of success and just seeing other people in my field or other fields and I felt like I'm not doing enough. I'm, you know, somewhat driven, ambitious. So I'm like, right, I'm just not doing enough right now. And it's that constant feeling of I'm not doing enough doesn't drive you. It would be better to see, look at them. I'm so happy for them. I'm gonna do that too. Like I, it should be a positive uplifting thing. And it's a flip in your brain. It's like multiplying negative one times negative one and much more of a inflection point of gratitude. Like I, I do you know Jay Shetty?


Mm. Oh No, Jay, I know podcaster really good dude. I've, I've definitely heard Of him. Met him last year and he told me something very stuck with me for the last year, which is million thoughts a day. We're on social media, we're all this, that he goes, the only two thoughts, you can't control them all, but try to control two thoughts each day. The first one, when you wake up and the last one you go to sleep. It's that easy. Those two, just try to have the first thing you wake up, be one and before you go to bed, just have one last thought. Okay. And I, it, they're always for me it's like, yo, I'm, every day alive is a blessing. Like I, I literally, I believe that in my core, you, I dunno what's gonna happen tomorrow. Like a, a parent in my school just passed away recently shattered like young kids cancer.


I've known a few people and you see that and you're like, no, that's for real though. You don't know what will happen tomorrow. Right. So I've hit the lottery like I'm blessed beyond measure wife way outta my league. Smart, gorgeous, sharp as a whip. Five beautiful kids. Like I try to focus on everything I have and never on what I don't have. I get to do what I love for a living. Like my mindset has completely evolved of why would I think of what people don't And everybody, if you're alive, you should be happy. Yeah. You do not know what tomorrow will be. And I know that's all like new agey, whatever, but that's, you don't know when you're, your clock's up. We were just talking about that in the green room last night at the comedy club about gravity. The, the problem with gratitude is that too many people have co-opted it. Right.


And really annoying people. Annoying. Annoying like wooden beads, types, you know? Right. Like gratitude. But gratitude is really important. Huge. But no, it, it's actually what you think because your thoughts create a lot your reality. Yeah. The same way I said looking around the room. So if your mindset starts to become one more of, rather than you see someone, you're like, screw that guy. He's rich. Right. That's how the mindset, that's easy for you to say they're rich. You see that in comments all the time. Yeah. Yep. I'm like, I think that person worked their butt off to get to where they are. Yeah. And what did they do? And You know what, that's inspirational to me. What can I learn from that? And so that's just a mindset of, I don't see it as a zero sum game. Well it's one thing that those people that post things like that have in common, when you go to their page, they're all very boring.


Right. It's really interesting. You see like the expression of their dull mind that's like, Fuck them, they got money. Right? I don't have money. They got money. It's a dull brain. And I always wonder like, what is it like to be that person? Is that person, is that a biological hitch or is it just learned behavior? Like what is it that makes them that stupid? I dunno If it's stupid. I mean, I know if a judge, but I think you project your insecurities. It's a little bit of that, but it's a, it's a clearly a stupid way to think. Right. You know, it just, it's totally not empowering, like to complain about someone else's success or be angry about someone else's else's success is not empowering in any way, shape, or form.


And so that's inherently stupid. But you find the excuses because you're like, if I had that, if I had that. Yeah. And rather than must be Nice. Well exactly. Must be nice. Rather than saying, how do I do this for myself? Exactly. It's much easier. Especially if you've given up on certain things. Yeah. Now once you've given up, it's better to make excuses and bring someone else down to try to bring you up. Well here's what's dumb about it and this is why I said it's stupid. It doesn't get any better when you think like that. Instead, if you can shift your focus and see someone doing something, recognize that these tinges of jealousy that you feel are completely natural. But realize that to get the most out of this, you have to switch that in your mind to inspiration.


And that person's success that's kind of freaking you out now becomes fuel right now becomes fuel. And you can motivate yourself, but you have to avoid the fuck that guy and fuck this, fuck that. That doesn't help you at all. That does zero. Good for you. And in fact it occupies all of your precious time with complaining when instead, if you can manage it And it can be managed, you can turn that into inspiration and then go out and try to do something. Either focus more on what you are doing, realize maybe I'm doing this where it's not as efficient. Or maybe I can have more energy. Maybe I just need to do it more. Maybe I need to be a little bit more disciplined in my approach, whatever it is.


But those little shifts will have measurable changes in the outcomes. Huge, huge changes. Major down the line. Especially the big one. Change jealousy to inspiration. Love That You have to be able to do it. Right. It's, it's a giant key. You know, I remember when I was 21 years old, there was a guy who was going on stage and I was hoping that he bombed. Right. I remember thinking that, I was hoping that he bombed. And the reason I real recognized that I was realizing that I was recognizing that he was talented and that he was really funny And it bothered me that maybe I wasn't as talented as him or I wasn't as funny as him.


So instead of like seeing him going, what is he doing? Like, wow, this is great. Instead now all of a sudden I was hoping that he failed. Right. And then I realized like, oh, here's the problem. You, first of all, that's just like general bitch thinking that like can enter into your head and you gotta figure out how to stop that. Yep. But I also realize that I was getting to this weird precarious position, which happens to a lot of artists where you get into something where it's music or standup comedy because you love it as a fan. You love watching it. Like I loved comedy, but then I, when I became a comedian, I stopped loving comedy.


Now I was comparing everyone to myself. Right. That's brutal, right? Yeah. And it's not good for you. And I was like, no, no, no. You gotta go back to laughing at stuff that's good and not connecting it to you at all. It has nothing to do with you. So when someone's really good, that should be great. Right. And then you should be laughing. Even if you don't like that person, you should be laughing. Right. Like just you, even if you hate someone and they're funny, you should be laughing because it's good for you. Yeah. And it's, I find that it's over time it's, it's, it's almost, it's selfish but it's selfless at the same time is I like to show love to people coming up as much as possible and try to highlight them and try to kind of pay it forward in a way. Yeah.


That's for the new people that are kind of doing what I do or doing different things. Yeah. It Makes you feel good. It makes you feel good to do good For others. Right. It's selfish to help people. It's, isn't that funny? Yeah, I say that too. Yeah. I say it's very funny. We think the same,


We all know Americans are still recovering from years of surging prices. Now some in Congress wanna make cuts to Medicaid. A program that provides critical healthcare to 72 million struggling Americans including veterans, people with disabilities, kids and your friends and neighbors. 40% of American births are covered by Medicaid. And Medicaid covers healthcare costs for a third of children with cancer. Working families rely on this program. It has 77% support. Nearly nine in 10 Americans oppose Medicaid cuts. Did you know that 12 million Medicaid families live in rural communities? Many of these people voted for President Trump, but they didn't vote for this. If Congress cuts Medicaid, a lot of rural hospitals could close and a lot of rural families will be hurt no matter how you look at it. Cutting Medicaid just doesn't make sense. Tell Congress not to cut Medicaid. Our health and our communities depend on it. Paid for by the coalition to strengthen America's healthcare.


This episode is brought to you by Montana Knife Company makers of the best, most sought after knives out there. The company is founded by my friend Josh Smith. He's been making knives since he was 11 years old and became a master bladesmith at just 19, which is wild 'cause there's only about 140 to 150 master bladesmiths in the world. Plus these knives are made right here in the USA, right in Montana. And they're design tested and built by hunters. For hunters. I've been loving the Magna Cut Blackfoot 2.0 when Master Bladesmith, my friend Josh Smith, launched Montana Knife Company. He set out to create the ultimate do it all knife, small and light enough to pack on a goat hunt durable enough to completely field dress a moose and shaped a gut cape skin and de-bone with ease. He called this flagship knife the Blackfoot, And it remains his go-to blade. And I love it as well. It's truly the only hunting knife you'll ever need. Although MKC is still a young company, the demand is already crazy. Literally every time they drop a batch, they sell out in minutes. So if you want to be the first to know, sign up for SMS alerts for exclusive knife drops and their email newsletter to get notified about restocks or go to Montana knife company.com and see what's available now.


Yeah. I I think exactly the same way. It's kind of selfish, but it's also, it's, that's what community is supposed to be about. It's supposed to be not just about you. And that's the difference between community and a cult. Right. Right. A cult is like, then you have the cult leader. He starts bagging everybody's wife and he wants everybody's money. There's always an inflection point where you're starting to bang wives. That's always Where is that in the cult? Always. Always. There's always a message from God. Right. That tells you you need more pussy. And You're like those two right there. I don't know why he didn't, I didn't say it. I didn't say it for the record. Yeah. He Said it, God said it. And then always the part else is there's always some sort of a end point. Like the world's gonna end. But it didn't because we prayed so hard.


So we're back baby. Yeah. Yeah. Those guys are great. There was a, a billboard in Los Angeles a while back that had the date of the end of the world. Right. And you would drive by and I, I was like, I can't wait to show up here and take a selfie in front of it the day after this fucking stupid date. Right. Because those guys are never right. Never Right. The The, that's weird. They're the worst mentalists, you know the, The cult leaders. Yeah. Cult leaders. They just never see the writing on the wall. The cult leader has like a very unique, where again, I, there's, there's a fine line between if you looked at a path of my life, again, I don't see myself cult leader, but a a con man is very similar in many regards to what I do.


Because that's using these skills in what I would describe as like an unethical way. Right. But Don't you think they're the same thing a cult leader's a type of con man. Oh, I'm saying what I do is like a con man. Yeah. But you are a con man for entertainment purposes. Exactly. It's different. Right. Like you, you are, you have an understanding of the human mind, but instead of using it in a, you do it for entertainment. Sure. Which is like a good way to use it For sure. Where everybody gets happiness outta It. It's happiness. And you are not lying about the premise, which is the premise is, I'm starting from the jump. I'm not psychic, I'm not supernatural. People ask me, is this like a talent or is it a gift? And I think it's similar. Well, yeah, I mean you've gotta have some sort of thing in you to be a good comedian or a good musician or anything like that.


You can work on it and get better. But I'm never going to the NBA, You know what I'm saying? Right. That's not, you have to have some attributes. Right. There's like a personality trait that just is embedded in you from the time you're young for whatever the thing is that you love to do. Maybe it was like watching my folks, maybe there was a lot of weird stuff. I was very good at math as a kid, like unusually good at math. And I would do weird stuff. Like I'd count steps every time. I knew every step and every place I ever went to. Like some Rainman Rainman stuff. And when I would go, this is from the time I was like six, we go to Little Caesar's, I'll never forget I lived in Metro Detroit and before they rang up the food, I knew the percentage tax it would be. So when they did it, I would instantly say before I'd look and I know what my mom was gonna take on, you're gonna, you're gonna get $16 and 18 cents.


You're like, how'd you know that? And change? And it was like a weird, That's crazy. And it was like a weird thing that I got very good at. And I think the boom dopamine hit. Dopamine hit. They would like that. Yes. And so it's ingrained where I was good at. Again, people become the joker because there's some sort of dark thing in their, not everybody, but typically there's some, I don't wanna say trauma, but you're not gonna be funny or amazing unless something happened in your life where you have a reason to be entertaining. Right. Right. And so I think there's points in time where I could take people's minds off things and this was a great way to do it. And also magic people don't get to know you. They get to know the character, the performer. So you get that nice little separation, which Right.


I learned at a young age was really like how to make rejection, fear of rejection, fear of failure. Most people, that's their number one fear. And I learned at 14 how to make that gone. Like eliminate that entirely Interesting. That's interesting. It's also the dynamic of you being in control, which I think you, you know, you talked about earlier, I think is for whatever reason, imperative, when you're speaking to people, you have to be in control for them to let you kind of guide everything. You don't want other people, you don't want to ask questions and have everybody like free to talk and No, I don't mind that loose. No, I don't mind that. But if they do it when I want them to. Right, right. It's like, again, so the best salespeople in the world aren't the used car sales.


I buy this, buy this. That's nobody does. Well the number one salesperson organization is the one who gets you to sell yourself. They're bending over backwards to be like, I gotta, I gotta do business with you. Right. You get someone to the point where at the end you don't have to hard close. Right. Every organization I work for and I go in there and like show you how to do sales training 1 0 1, it's going to be the person who gets the other person to sell themself. That's what you do. You lay the breadcrumbs into the trap. The trap is not a bad thing. But the same thing happens in my show. I am leading you in a certain direction. Mm. Watch I'll show you something. How often is Jamie? I, Jamie, when I walked in, I talked to him for like two minutes, said he loves magic. He does. Is that true?


Is is Jamie off mic? Yeah. What's up? I here. I didn't know I was gonna do this. You have daughters, correct? Yes. So it's hard. I I I have, I have, I have three girls, two boys. And I found when I named our girls, well we named it together. Obviously the naming of the girls was far harder than the boys. When you named your daughters, was it agreed upon? Were you like shortlisted? How did it go about? Well, I feel like my wife did way more work than I did. Yeah, for sure. So she carries the baby in her body and I said, listen, I, I would just want veto power veto where you can't name the kid applesauce or something fucking stupid.


But she, I go, I don't think it's a fair proposition at all. That is like literally what I said. I said I and I don't give a fuck about names. And They've got your name for last name, which Is so not fair, but yeah. Name, right. It's right. Yeah, exactly. And so does she. But my name is Joe, right? It's a boring ass stupid name. It doesn't bother me at all that I have the same name as a billion people. Right. So for me names don't mean anything And it meant something for her. So I said, you decide. So Watch this. What are the, do You know what the most common names are right now? I know this recently. We have like a one, a two week old, but the most common names right now are not the same as when you were naming your daughters. Is my guess. If they're teenagers. What? Do You know what the most common name right now in in America? I think it's six years running.


Mo put this up. No, no. For girls. For girls. What is it? No, Olivia. Check. Olivia. Jamie, can you look up top 10 or that's a beautiful name. Look up. It just came out. Social security. I know this because like I said, we were trying to figure out names is am I right? It should be Olivia's number one. I know what Site to go to, but I don't Google top 10. Who do you think of when you think of Olivia? I thought in initially of Olivia. Wild. Who's Olivia? Wild Movie star. Quiet place. Do you know who she is? Oh that lady. Yeah. Oh, she's great. Yeah. I thought of Olivia Newton John. Yeah, that's second. That would've been second. Physical. Physical. I performed for Olivia Wild. Never Olivia Newton. John. What did you get? Did you find out? Yeah. Do you want me to show you the list?


Oh yeah. It's not a trick. I just wanna see Olivia's number one. Emma, Emma, Amelia, Charlotte. Charlotte, Mia, Mia, Sophia, Isabel. Evelyn. Yep. That's interesting. Eight. I would've never imagined that. Right. Ava nine. And You did not hear those names when you were growing up. There were probably no girls named Ava when you were a child. No, none of any of these names. Maybe Olivia after Olivia Newton, John. But that's crazy. Sophia's number 10. That's interesting. And Sophia's spelled two different ways. So it's technically number one, Jamie. Oh Really? If I ask you. Okay. Oh that's right. It is. It's spelled P, H and F. Wow. Interesting. That Sophia is number one. Really? Huh?


Harper. What's Harper? 1112. Camilla. Camilla. Number 11. That's nuts. Eleanor Older names are coming back. Yep. Really older names. Yeah. That's like Eleanor is like my friend Eleanor Kerrigan. She's in her fifties. I Ileana Iliana's number 18. Didn't know that. That's crazy. What are the odds, right? What are the odds that you told me is Ileana in the top 20 of names? I'm like, shut the fuck up. Whose name's your kid That I think Someone, someone I know. It's a beautiful name. Love that name. Love that name. Now it's a beautiful, it's not a bad name, it's a beautiful name, but it's like, it's like I would've never thought it was that common.


So when you think of how this is happening, right? Watch this, Jamie. Yeah. I ask you to come up with somebody absolutely random from your past. Absolutely random. I Dug deep. Okay. Did you, you already got it? Yeah. Okay. You know what? It's Not. How do you know this person? Not, oh, you shouldn't have said that. Oh, sorry. I shouldn't have said a word. You know right away what did Say from preschool? Preschool. Somebody in preschool. Yep. You still keep in touch. That's Where I met him. No, she Said to him, why do you say him? And then her Sorry. I met them is what I guess I was trying to say. This Guy with this's playing a pronoun game. What's going on here? You know what? No, no. There's too many giveaways. Just said wasn't on the list. Doesn't this right? Let me ask you a question. I'll Try again. No, No. I'm doing something better. We'll switch. This is glitch in the matrix.


Do do do Jamie, close your eyes. Close your eyes. I have to look At the Stuff. You gotta look. Okay. So pretend you're closing your eyes. Hopefully I'm gonna put you on the spot. Yeah. Okay. It's not the pre preschool girl. I want you to close your eyes. Go back in time and try to picture the face. I always call us the one that got your first big crush. Can you visualize her face or you can't see her clearly? That's a, you asked me this before. Yeah. I just like a, it's a tough question 'cause you, the way you started wording, it was like, is this a first crush for me was like the first person. Like I knew there was like TV people and stuff like that. Oh, is it a TV person? That's What it would've been technically, I guess. Yeah.


Your first crush was a TV person. Sure. Yeah. Someone and I saw on tv. Is that right? I think so. Okay. I guess. Yeah. Well, I don't know. Is that, I don't know. I'm trying to, I don't, if I were to ask you to look up how popular this name is, well, I'm, I'm not gonna do it again. It's not top 10. Is that correct? Right. It wasn't. Okay, hold on. Look this way at me. I want you, without using your fingers to count the number of letters in this person's name. The real name or the, the character's name. I don't know if that matters. I Don't know. I don't, I I I've never had a fictional character as my first crush. This guy got weird. I don't know, whatever. I don't ever name you went with. I I don't say it out loud. I'll go with the fictional character name. Don't say don't say no. No, don't. Because to me they weren't a real person then. So, you know.


Well, I don't know. I don't, oh, don't say Oh no, don't. Oh, don't tell. Oh man. Don't tell me. Don't gimme any more clues. You're not gonna Figure it out. Good. Alright. You know what do this Joe, I want you to see this. Should we get a, a piece of paper right down? Okay. There's mics everywhere. Okay. Screw it. Don't even write down. Don't even write down. No, no. Not you. I was gonna have him write it down. Okay. Eight or nine. Do do me a favor? Sure. Count again, but to yourself. Don't do it out loud. Count to yourself. What? The letters? Yeah. Don't do it out loud though. Oh, The eight or nine wasn't the letters, but go ahead. Yeah. So confused. Alright. Good. It's got all over the place. Jamie wants this to go wrong. He does. I do. I know if this is the real name or the fake name anymore, but before today and me asking you to think of this person.


Be honest. Yep. Would it have been days, months, or literally years before today since this person even crossed your thoughts? Honestly, this would've been a couple months. Couple Months. Couple months. Could Joe know it? No. Alright. Mix up the letters and stop like Scrabble tiles. Oh, freeze. And grab out a letter somewhere in the name. Maybe grab one outta the middle. Okay. You got it? Sure. He did too. When he switched. I was Trying to look to you. No, no. You did shifty eyes. He did this one. And then this. You didn't do a vowel, did you? I don't know. Well, You can tell me. It's, it's, yes, I did. You did a vowel after all that. A-E-I-O-U. Look at me. That's the first one I picked. And you went to the end.


Do you think the last letter? No. Okay. The last letter is a vowel though, isn't it? Sometimes It is. Here we go. I'm gonna sometimes why? Yeah, that's the only way to A-E-I-O-U And sometimes that's why Take a look. Don't say it. Don't say it. Okay. I don't know. I, this is, who knows? Was it nine letters? The name is nine letters long, isn't it? Her? The real person's name is nine letters I Think. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The real. And and and he hadn't thought it person in months. It doesn't. And it doesn't in a vow. Yeah, it does. I know. I saw, I I saw it. And you switched the one. And I wrote this down, Joe.


You see it right? I can't change it. No trick here. No bs. What's her name? This first crush SAR on tv. Her Real name is Christine. Christine Is what I wrote down Christine is what I wrote down. Or fake name's Melody from. Hey dude, You don't have to tell me. I know, I Know. Stan, Christine, Taylor. How did you know There's this I, Wait, wait. Hold on. Right now. Right now I wanna try this. Here's what I wanna try, Joe. Fuck. How many people fuck. How Many people fuck just happened? Wait, Where did I put this? Are You an alien? Hold on. Do you work for the CIAI Gotta take a leak like crazy too. You do? Where's the bag? I, dude, I drank like two gators before I got in here after the run. That was a mistake. What bag? There's a bag. Ugh, I didn't bring It. You didn't bring it?


No. No. Why don't you go pee and get bag? No, No, I've, I've got it. I've got, I've got, I've got it. Look, I want you to do this. I put together, this is for you Joe. Take these. Okay. 50 people chat. GPT. Okay, look through that list. Okay? And these are all people. I didn't make this up, I just wrote them down. Okay. Who have been on the show multiple times, right? And that or, and that idea. How would I describe this? My guess is you have a personal connection. You know these people? Yeah. Is that a fair assessment? Rattle off if there's anybody in there that you feel is not fits the bill or you don't talk to 'em anymore, throw it away. I don't Care. Okay. Yeah. I know all these people. You know these people, okay.


Sure. And not a trick. I'm not gonna guess who it is. I wrote the list. I know who they all are. Got it. I don't care. You wanna mix them? You wanna do something? I don't care. Whatever you wanna do. Okay? Once you mix them up or whatever you wanna do, put them in front of you. Please. Like a pile. Okay. Turn kind of, oh, you're not gonna look. 'cause I don't want em to be like random. Okay. Kind of put 'em in front of you. Okay? Kind turn 'em sideways. Turn, Turn 'em Sideways. Well, I wanna see what you're doing. Okay? And I think we're gonna do this together. I dunno if I'm gonna reach over or not. Okay? Here's what I want you to do, okay? I want you to take I'm gonna do it with you, is I want you to lift off like a chunk. A chunk, okay. Yeah. Like a chunk. And put the chunk over. Over here? No, no, no. Like next to you. Okay. Like, I don't know, how do I, can I move over with the mic or no?


Yeah, Just come over here. Yeah. Take the headphones off. Should I take 'em off or leave 'em on? Take 'em off. Take this, Take this. Okay. Well take, Take the piece. And I want you to take, and the same way that I'm making a bunch of chunks like this, I want you to take, and I want you to be in charge of this. So take these ones. Okay. And Would you agree that's pretty randomized. Very randomized. Okay. And I wanna assess right now, there's five of them. Okay. Is Take one of the piles. Okay. And put it like, which other pile you going with? Another pile. Two. Like point To another One. Okay. This one. How about this one? Yeah. Perfect. Okay. And I want you don't show me, okay? I want you like, grab that one.


Alright. The card. The card on top, whatever you Want. Take it, grab it and look at that person's name. Okay? And don't let me see it. How likely, if you were to text this person, do you think, would they answer? A hundred percent? Oh, you sure? Yeah. A hundred percent. Most of the list was a guy. Guys. Is it a guy? Yeah. Okay. Not judging a lot of dudes on the show. Put them all back together. Okay. Let's assess this. I don't wanna know who it is. I don't care who it is as long I wanna see. And if they're not gonna answer, I would tell you to text somebody new. Okay. Text this person in your own words and say, I don't know, got a minute. Need a favor and see if he texts back. If he doesn't, we go to somebody new. We'll give it like, I know. 15, 20 minutes. Okay.


Can I tell him what's going on? I would hedge and not say yet because I, I wanna see where he goes with it. Because if you tell him, like, I, I don't care, but I wanna, I wanna keep this very, I don't want him to know where we're going yet. Okay. Should I tell him to text me back? I, Yeah, I guess. Text me back. That works. Hey brother, do me a favor and text me back as soon as you get this. It's gonna sound like someone's dying, but, okay. Well, Depends on it. Okay. Alright. And put it down. We'll, we will revisit later pressures. Let's see, let's check back in a few minutes. Okay. Will it vibrate if he did?


No, I have it on, do not disturb it, but I'll take it off. Here we go. Okay. He's very busy, so he might not be in front of his phone. No worries. If it doesn't go we'll, give it some time. And if not, we'll switch gears. Okay? But turn your phone face down soon. You don't think I can see it? I don't wanna know. Okay. Who, what, where. All righty. We, We'll revisit, we'll come back. Put it on my lap so I feel it when it vibrates. Oh, I'm, I'll pee later. I'm holding it in though. I knew the Joe Rogan effect. Okay. We're just gonna sit here and wait for him. No, no, no. We'll check back in later. That seems ridiculous, is it? Yeah, because he could be working out, it could be doing anything.


So if we get it, it's meant to be. This is, we'll see. Okay. It's not, it's not pressing. You Have an idea who it is? I, I don't know. I I can look through the list again. It's not Cam Haynes. Is it? After you sent all that? Is someone pop? Is someone pop into your head? I'm not gonna guess who it is. Not at all. No, because here's the reason why. If we reveal stuff, I don't want you to, if, if I guess like something very specific about this person that will, like, he might not want everyone to know his a TM pin code or social security number. Oh, you're gonna guess his Too. I don't know what I'm gonna do yet, but I don't want, you could tip it, but he's gonna be pretty pissed if everybody finds out something. So I prefer if nobody knows yet. But if, if we wanna, you'll see. Okay. Okay. Take it to the next level. Jamie's in the room, right?


Yep. But what if we could just get anyone who you could have picked anybody, you know, right now it's different right now. It's never been done before. Right? You asked me what do I wake up with thinking about? How could I do this? Yeah. How are you gonna do this? I don't know. Let's see if it works. Let's see if it works. So, okay. Was he good? Oh, you got me. He did? Yeah. Okay. Here's the thing. I think that if I were you, okay. I'd say later, well, texting. What if somebody saw something? No, no, no. I haven't, I don't give any clues yet. If you are, there's microphones everywhere. We just ask him to think of his first crush. But he did like someone fictional and like, that's a, Can I tell him I'm in the middle of a show? Maybe Sam in the middle of a show.


Okay. Okay. And say we're doing a bit. I I, do you wanna call him? Because if you're texting this, do you wanna call him or do you want to text him? Well, If I call him, people are gonna hear his voice. No, but what if you call him and you just go over there? Which one's better do you, which one's more impossible? Where later you go, there's just no fricking way. Is it better if he texts you or is it better if he calls you? What do you think is just more impossible? I could have him call me. Yeah. Why not do this? Have him call you in a second. Okay? You'll go over there where there's no microphone. And I want you to ask this guy the same question I asked Jamie, do you remember the name of the first grill you had a big crush on?


And sometimes people don't remember. I just want you to know, I've done this a lot. Should I ask him that? Not yet. I would do it on the phone. Okay. Yeah. Screw it. Ask him That. Okay. Do okay. Hold on a second. I should have just did it with voice. No, no. 'cause I know. Well, yeah, nobody's listening to this, I'm sure. No, but I mean, it's quicker. Don't tell me what he says. Okay? If he says no, a lot of people don't remember this question. Okay? So then I hedge and I go, well, who? Who's the first girl you ever kissed? Okay. So let's see. But make sure there's absolutely no way I can see what's on your phone right now. Are we?


Clearly you can't see. Boom. Get that tight. You can't see bitch just getting mad. Okay? Does he know or he doesn't know? Yep. Yep. He knows. Yep. Right away. Did did he tell you? Yep. No shit. Yep. Ask him. Is it the same as the first girl he ever kissed? Okay. See what he says? Here we go. No. Does he remember her name too? Okay, Here we go.


Yep. It's two weeks ago, right? No, I'm kidding. Big gee. Put a put away. You have two names in your head, okay? Can we establish the fact that you have 50 people that have been on your show? Yes. That you took anybody, right? If this person would've texted back, text somebody else. I don't care who it is. Right? There is no conceivable way. This isn't a bank that gave you a number. Right? And if he didn't know who it is, we would've done something different, right? I don't even care. Put the phone away. Okay. How am I gonna do this? How are you gonna do this? How am I Gonna do this? Right? And he said, what happens when it goes wrong? Nothing. I'm not getting paid to be here. I don't Care. You're freaking me out. Think of both names. Got it. They're different. He had two different People. Yes. Yes. The same way that you did 2020 and you didn't know.


Think of both names and I want you to juggle back and forth between the two. Okay? The first kiss and the first crush. Okay. And is one name more interesting to you? Or like they're equal? Or is one name more interesting or not really? Not really pretty. Not okay. Pretty. So you don't, like if you gravitate, I would've been like go to one. Okay. Count the number of letters in the first crush to yourself. Don't use your fingers. I can see, count the number of letters to yourself. For the first crush. I did that. Psych you out. Yeah, I started doing this. And then count the number of letters in the first kiss. Oh, you looked up. Interesting.


They're not equal. Can you agree with me? They're not the same amount of letters, are they? No, they're not. No. See I, because you would've had the same reaction. Do you know when you put somebody in a polygraph test, have you ever been polygraphed? No. They can't just ask you the questions right away. They can't because they first have to get your benchmarks. Same way. Blood doping. You gotta test someone's blood against their blood. Right? People have different amounts of testosterone naturally. So I had to see how you would do each one. And then you did the thing with the eyes to throw me off the first crush. Is that name shorter than the first kiss? Yes. Yeah. Go to the first crush. I'm gonna go with that one. Okay. Less work for me. Okay. One more time.


Count the letters. Okay? And you were trying to avoid it. Six letters. Is that name six letters? Yes. Yeah. Mix up all the letters. Okay. In that first crushes name, forget the first kiss. Scrap It. Okay. Pick any one in your head. You got one. Got it. Jamie gave me a gift on a platter. Thought of a vowel. When he did that, it was a hundred percent you wouldn't pick a vowel later. You didn't do a vow in the name, did you? No. Dude, I'm here for a reason, right? I haven't done this. I've been doing this for a long time. Right? Told you goal is to be the best in the world at this. Okay? I have watched, I know everything you just did. Second letter. Do you think a second letter? I will. Mm m Amanda is the name Amanda?


Yes. What the fuck did you Do? And you'll talk about this for years. Hold On a second. I'm texting him back. Can you figure out the second one? No, I'm done, man. Come on. That's showbiz. You do your closer. You drop the mic and you pick the Mac mic back up. Never. Do You wanna know who it was? No. I don't wanna know.


This episode is brought to you by simply Safe. Some things take time. Hunting, developing healthy habits, gardening, you have to wait months for a decent crop. But it's rewarding to see all your hard work and patients come to fruition. On the other hand, there are some things you just can't sleep on, like your personal safety. And did you know, most home security systems don't take action until it's too late. That's why I like Simply Safe. They aren't top of things helping you stop break-ins before they happen. Not after. They use a combination of live monitoring agents and AI powered cameras to keep an eye on your property and deter suspicious people. And you can use it to keep an eye on your garden that you've spent so much time and money on. Speaking of, that's another great thing about SimpliSafe the pricing. They have plans that started around a dollar a day with no hidden fees. What you see is what you get. There's a reason why millions of Americans continue to trust and use SimpliSafe. Don't wait. Get 50% off your new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and your first month free at simplisafe.com/rogan. That's simplisafe.com/rogan for 50% off in your first month free. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. Summer is here at last. That means it's time to go enjoy that vacation you've been planning for months. But before you hop on a plane or hit the beach, make sure everything is taken care of at your job. Nobody wants to work on vacation. If you're hiring, there's a fast and easy way to stay on top of things. Zip Intro. It's ZipRecruiter's newest feature that helps you find and meet qualified candidates in a matter of days. And more importantly, you could try it for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan with zip intro. When you post your job, it'll immediately find and schedule interviews with top talent. You could be talking with people the very next day. All you have to do is pick a time and to really speed things up, you can schedule back to back. Video calls. Make the most of your summer. Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with zip intro only from ZipRecruiter. Rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro. Post jobs today. Talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


My friend said you're a witch. And he said, kill him. Now I feel like I know who. It's definitely a comedian. Definitely a comedian after that. It's definitely a comedian. It might not be. I hang out with a lot of weird people. Yeah, I, I don't know how to go back to conversation mode. Am I right? And I pissed like a racers, what do I Do? Let's go pee. Go pee. Do I pee or no? Do I, do we, do we keep going? Do we go strong with This more? No, I'm just saying. Saying, we'll, we'll, we'll recalibrate. We definitely compete. It's always easier to pee. Is that all right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, it's perfect because you don't want to, it's too hard to form sentences when you have to pee. Alright, I'm gonna take a quick, quick week. We'll Take a quick break. We'll be right Back. Rapid fire. Are we back? We're back. Lightning. I feel like much better.


Brand new. Yeah. Oh Yeah. Yeah. I know the feeling. I was sitting on it. You rehydrate. And I drank so much Gatorade right before, and then I was like, oh, party foul. Should've thought that one through 27 Miles. You deserve a little Gatorade. So do you wanna know who it was yet? It's up to you. I, I like hanging a hanging thread, but it's up to you. But what is the purpose of hanging the thread? No, I just tell us at the end. Can you tell me who it is? I Could, but come on. What do you think it is? No, I'll tell you at the end. Okay. You already gave the comedian, you said this. I didn't say comedian. No, it's a comedian. Comedian. He's a witch. Kill him. A hundred percent. A hundred percent. I know that's not Ben Shapiro. You know what I'm saying? Did you say witch? Did you, did he tell you? No, no, no. I took the quick quickest P of my life.


I raced over there. No, I didn't tell him shit. You didn't tell him? No. I don't want him to know. Curious, Do you think that there's people that knew this shit back in the days of witches? They figured out some of the powers, maybe not power, But that you know how to do. I think that a hundred percent psychics of the past used a lot of the same techniques I'm using. 'cause when I watch psychics and I have, people always tell me at certain things, they tell me like, oh, you know, I saw psychic do this and this and this, and I hear it, and I go to myself. You know, I could do that same trick and I could, no offense do it better. But think about it. I'm doing this right now from with an ethical compass. Versus if I go, oh, I'm getting this and I thought about this and this is what happened with your dad. And you're like, oh my god. You know? I'm like, well, it's only 25 grand more to have a private session. Let's talk to him a little bit more. Mm. Right. Yeah. I'm not saying there's nobody psychic.


I'm telling you that a lot of the psychics, I'm watching them. Like, I know how you're doing that. That was my other question. Yeah. Was gonna be, has any, have you caught anyone trying to get some stuff by you? Like, I don't know, like A psychic? You mean By not a psychic? You're buying a car and someone's trying to pull some trick and you're like, ah, I know what you're about to do here. Well, a hundred percent. You know, not a shameless plug, but like, I literally write, I just wrote a book. It's coming on October where it's all about, it's read your mind. And it's not me telling you how to be a mentalist, because 99.9% of people don't want to guess a first crush. It's not useful to you in your life. But what if you could read people more effectively to help you in your life at home, at work, in relationships? That is a quantifiable thing that the tools of a mentalist when not used for entertainment, but in life, day to day, are extraordinary.


For Sure. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you must be great at all kinds of things because of this. I don't know about that. You think dealing with human beings, Right? Negotiating. Oh, I Would imagine. I've never sold a property at a loss. Let's just say that. It's been pretty good so far. You get in there, you're like, I won't take a dollar lesson. I'm like, I know you will. I know you will. That's funny. That's funny. What a weird skill to have, right? What's a good book? A good Book to read on this? Well, on becoming a Mentalist Yes or So. And any of these skills, like what did you start with? Do you remember the book you started with? Do you mean if you want to learn how to do mentalism, Do remember the book that you started with when you first started learning this stuff? So The first book I started reading was a book called 13 Steps to Mentalism.


But man, is it gonna be tough for most people? Because it was written in the 1920s. So it's kinda like, you know, when it's like watching an old movie, no offense to old movies, but I'm like, oh, it's hard to get into this with my attention span now, because it's antiquated. Some of it still applies, but you have to really do a big reach to know, how do I apply this? Because back then there were no TVs or no phones, there's no, it's just, that's what I started with. But I had to learn the hard way. So much of what I do now, is it again, I told you is I don't really do what other people do because I, I don't know how to explain. It's, they create different, right? If, if, if, if you are building a house and you have all these tools, you're gonna build using your tools. Does that, does that make sense? Yes. So I've got this set of tools.


I know a hammer does this. I do that. I create what the house already built. So my vision again, and why, what's been a differentiating feature is I build with the person at the end in mind. And I already know what the house is gonna be. I know what the memory, I know what you're gonna say. Like CNBC. Do you ever watch that channel? I try not to. Right? So CNBC, Fox Business are financial channels. I have been on those channels dozens of times. How many other mentalists or magicians have ever been on them? Zero. Why is that? Because it's un, it's unusual. That's a serious network. Why do you put me on, because I do stuff around the markets. And so if you're watching it, you buy in, because my stuff's about stock market, interest rates, all stuff.


And it's like, this is crazy. But it had to do with stuff. I know. So the same thing when I do ES, espn, I am creating from a different perspective than most. I customize the content. Like when I do a corporate event, I learn in and out your business. And when I go up there, I sneak in the medicine. So now you're actually, your people aren't just seeing a show. They're getting messaging and they're getting it in a way where they don't tune out because they don't realize they're being spoken to. It's mostly entertainment. But boom, I planted those thoughts. And you leave there with, you know, what's the product launch? What's this? All those things are now internalized and remembered. Whoa. And this 13 steps that was, you said it was written in the 1920s. Oh, fact, check me.


But I think it was the twenties. What did this guy do? What was his job? He was a mentalist. Yeah. But there were no mentalists back then. There were just a few people. But they was mostly, they were telling you the skills of psychics. They were showing you how psychics did stuff, And it wasn't really debunking, but they're showing you all the tools, the 13 steps. Like what are the ways that we can read people more effectively, and what are the tricks of the trait of what we do? Mm. Right. Like how do you know when someone's counting something like that? Right. And you're counting the letters And you know, you know, because it, to me, you might as well be playing drums. Do you understand what I'm saying? Like, if you're playing drums and I have an ear for it, I can hear the beats. Right? So once you learn how to do certain things, they build on top. I can, if you're counting letters, like again, names are anywhere from three to 12 letters.


It's not rocket science for me to figure it out. And again, I can't do it in a vacuum. If you turned your back and said, I'm not, no, I'm not doing anything. Not again, if you controlled the environment, I can't do it as well. Right. It goes back to that fear thing. If I started messing up right now, you'd be like, oh, it's getting awkward. And, and you would pull back and I wouldn't be in control anymore. Right. So like a lot of what I'm doing is, is I am, you know, showing you how I can read you, but also you're allowing yourself to be read. Right? So like, when you're saying count the letters, you can see me counting 'em. I can see when you're counting, I can see when you try to throw me off the count, it's like a poker player. Poker player knows if you really have ACEs, pocket ACEs or you have two, four, and you're bluffing, the best ones do.


Which brings the question up. Why don't I play poker more? I, Yeah, why don't you play poker? It's Just, it's too boring. Like I I, that's a grind, man. I'd rather make money doing This. It's you with is one and a half speed. Yes. Your whole life is one and a half speed. That's wild. That's really interesting. I, I'm fascinated. No, I think I'm gonna read one of those books. I'm gonna probably get that one. I'm Gonna send you one. I'll try and find a better one. Well, that one, But that's the first one. Well, that, that's interesting too, because I wanna, I wanna read the origins. I wanna read it. Like when it first started out. Yeah. Like what, what was it like in 1920? Like what did he learn and where did he learn it? Is it you find it? Yeah. 1950 ish or so. Oh, 19. Well, but it's also not known. He wasn't, this is the guy. So he's born in the 1930s.


Oh, I screw this up. It was in 1920. So, no, the other one's 13 steps. There's another one by Theodore. And He did not make his birthplace public. Ah, you fucking sneaky bitch. He's a sneaky bitch. He's a first mentalist and he's sneaky. Those believed to have been Mill Hill, suburb of London for unknown reasons. He renamed himself Tony Corn, cor Corinda, Corinda Corinda. So born Thomas Williams Simpson. And he renamed himself for some reason, Tony Corinda a variation of the surname Conrady. When he began working as a mentalist in 1950, he opened up a shop where he sold all manner of stage magic goods, but catered especially to Mentalists. He later took over the Magic Shop on Oxford Street.


The shop was at street level and thus catered mainly to the regular public so that many of the items sold were either practical jokes or beginner's tricks. But items for semi-professional magicians and hobbyists were also sold around the same period. Corinda had the magic concession in Hamley's Toy Shop on Regent Street. Interesting. So the book 13 Steps to Mentalism was in 1961. So he wrote a series of 13 booklets on mentalism between 56 and 58. Each one dealing with a different aspect of mentalism or allied art. Interesting. I'm getting you a copy. I am. I'll buy it. Let's, is it, is it reprinted or is it one of those ones you Have to buy?


No, it's definitely reprinted. And see, it's, it's since Become View the Essential Mentalism reference book. But again, you're gonna have a big problem because you're gonna read that book. And if you make it through to the end, which God bless you, if you can, you're gonna be like, yeah, but how the hell did you do all this stuff? It's not gonna, you're gonna get to the end of it and be like, so it's, that's baby steps. And then you've gotta like, oh, sure, yeah. Get to the next level. Oh, I'm sure. I'm not thinking I'm gonna get all the information from that. But I'm, I'm curious as to like, what the origins of it was. Like, how did this guy devise these things? Like how did he figure it out? Psychics. So it's, again, people with psychics want to believe, right? Anyone who's in that room, who paid that money to hear psychic has someone they've lost and they want something with them. 'cause there's, you know, do You believe in any psychic powers at all?


So again, I'm not like a debunker because I, I'm kind of like agnostic in this thing, which is, I just believe what I've seen so far, and in a lot of instances, I've never personally experienced something that I couldn't explain yet. But a lot of people have told me their experiences. Have You heard of the telepathy tapes? Yeah. So that I, I know you had her in here. Yeah. But that's, have you watched the videos? I mean, come on. Yeah. That's wild. No, no, I'm the opposite. I do not think that's real. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Oh Really? No. Why? Well, if you tell me about what the videos, so can we show the videos? Well, I don't know if he's got the paywall. Again, I don't wanna controversial, but they're holding, in many instances in that form of communication, the person who knows the information is holding the letters.


Do you understand what I'm saying? So right now, if I had shown you a word and you're either touching somebody, right? You could get, do You know what a two person code act is? No. So two person code act is like a mentalist thing with two people. There's a few that are the best in the world. Sisons mind to mind in Dubai, like a few really good ones who've done this. And what they do is they can be blindfolded in a different area. And anything you hand to them, anything you say, the other person knows it. No electronics, no nothing. They just look at your credit card and they'll guess the credit card numbers. And what the way that's being done is they're communicating to each other based on pauses, based on like a million ways that you can't think of. It's the best Kodak ever without speaking. And you'll watch it and you'll be like, there's no way they're communicating, but they are.


And so it looks like telepathy, but it's not. You get them in the room with scientists, you'll fool every scientist under the sun. What they're doing is like not bulletproof at all with the kids. And again, God bless, if I had a child in that condition, I, for not one moment, wouldn't want a solution. And I would want something to know that they're not, that, that they're in there and that I could talk to 'em. And I don't wanna speak outta turn, but from the videos I've seen, I can explain that in a minute. They're, they're moving things around and positioning the letters. If you do a double blind study where the person does not know the word that they're trying to communicate, I'm not even saying psychic, just don't tell them the word, the person holding it and only show the word to the person who should be saying it.


Right? Right. If you're the autistic child, show them the words so that I see it. And then have them type that word in and do that for me nine outta 10 times. And they've not been able to do that. That's not even psychic. That's just show me that you can type the word in that you saw. And so when you do like a deep dive on that, it's been, She offered to have someone come in with their parent and do that. Would you do that with us? Sure. So you could like show How they want, but don't wanna take anyone's, I don't want anyone's hope away. I'm a parent. And like, again, I don't think they're making money on it. And I, I like, no, I'm very, I don't like to, again, when you ask me psychics, there's people who had real deep experiences and who is it for me to take that away? But when I watch that and you're like talking to somebody who's a pro at doing this same as psychics, I can see exactly how that's done.


But what did you think about their ability to read languages that they've never studied? So Again, you're missing it. So that's again, the devil's in the details. Okay. It's the memory, what you remember of the story. Show me how they did that. Did either of the people there present know that language? Who was doing it? And how was that being communicated? Did the end person who's moving the board around know what the meaning of the word was? Do you understand what I mean? Yes. So like, again, you're hearing the, the Cliff's notes, the end edition, watch the video and show me something that I can't, there was nothing I saw in that special or that in that telepathy tape in the videos that I couldn't readily explain. Really? That's correct. Interesting.


Very interesting. So Could it be right? Yes. I'm not saying it's not. I'm not, again, they could be 100% right. And I could be 100% wrong. Hubris. Right. I haven't been in the room with them. I'm judging simply from videos I've seen. But as someone who is for a living, pretending to read people's minds, but I'm actually reading people, I can see how it's being done. Interesting. The method. It's kinda like a casino boss. I see how that person's cheating when they're playing cards. Right? Because I know all the cheating methods. Interesting. The other thing that they said was, these kids all have this area that they go to called The Hill. Yep. They go to their, what do you think of that? So again, IIII heard it. It was unbelievable. Like the podcast was incredible.


I don't know. I, I don't like, I, I, you know, I've heard psychics tell me, people tell me I saw Psychic and how do you know that my friend died after we saw a Grateful Dead concert and did it. I'm like, well, I don't know. I'm seeing a lot of stuff on you that looks grateful. Dead vibes. Like, like if I told you that you're a big Roger Waters fan, you'd be like, how did you know that right now? So for everyone not looking, you're Joe's wearing a Pink Floyd shirt. Like right. You can, you can figure out a lot of stuff based on cold reading. I can see. What's the wear on your wedding band? How do you behave? What are certain things? When do you pause at a certain moment about certain things? Did you lose someone? I can tell instantly. If you're having a feeling of emotion, like anyone good at this and not even great, but like good can notice a lot of things. Like a psychic just watches you So you can kind of tell like, what a person's done that day.


I, well I think You can get, like, you can guide them to what you want, which is when you get a hit. Right. Think of that game when you're a kid. Hot cold. You hide stuff. Right? Right. Your brother or sister looks around and they go cold. Cold. Do you think I woke up early today or late? I Don't know. There's no OnDemand feature to the show. There's not. I think you woke up early though. Really? Yeah. Why do you think that? I don't know. Just based on what you've said it. Mm. Nope. Nope. Woke up Late. Good. I got it wrong. I'm happy. I'm happy. You'll be like, we screwed this guy. Finally we got o's And it was at a 50 50. It was, yeah. That was just a rando Coin flip. Yeah. That was good. You know what, we'll do a coin flip before I leave. Okay. Who has coins anymore? I brought one coin. I heard that there's a penny that's in circulation that's worth millions of dollars.


I heard that too. Yeah. That wheat penny. Yeah. The one with the wheat on the side of it. My Buddy Lewis. How had I saw that on my social? He found one. Really? I think so. Whoa. It's fucking super valuable. With Millions. I'd be like, yeah. Gimme that wheat penny. That's crazy. A penny worth millions. Okay, so what's in the, the one that's sealed that package? No, that's, that's nothing. I was, I was gonna get it out, but I'll do it later as a gift. It's later. No, it's something silly. Why do I not believe you? No, I swear. I swear. I thought I would have it out. But no, You thought you'd have it out, but you don't want to have it out. Not the right fit. What do you mean? No, I was gonna do something. You had a lot of books here and I thought we'd get a book, but like, eh, I don't think I'm gonna do it.


No. Just doesn't feel right. No. What feels wrong? Self curate. I don't know. It it, it's not gonna work. You gotta go on instinct. It's not, you gotta go on instinct. It's not gonna work. It's Not gonna work. Nope. What was the goal? To get it to work. You could say it now since we're not gonna do it. The goal to get it to work was, I thought I had some sort. I thought, I know if I get you to get a book, we have less books in this room. We have books in that room. I just, I don't know. I brought it in. I always have a backup plan. Plan. A, B, C. And this one's not meant for this one. This one might be, if I ever come back and do another JRE, We'll put it in the safe. Okay. Okay. Do it. Okay. That's a great idea. Yeah. We'll put it in the safe. Put it in the safe. I'll never touch it again. Okay. We won't touch it either. Let's make sure that we know it's sealed. You know what you do? Two bricks of cocaine, you're in big trouble.


No, We should get a wax seal. Yeah. You know, like Game of Throne style. Let's do it. Seal it. I love that show. Great show. Yeah. We can't play this, but I found one of the tapes that someone put on YouTube. Do you wanna It's only a one minute. All right. Let's watch it for us. Help or not Let's watch it for us. Yeah. Yeah. We can't play it because it's copyright. Okay. If you right now got the best two person Kodak in the world in here, they would do nothing. She would literally be in another, she could be a hundred feet away behind this person's back. 'cause she's touching him and Doing touching, moving. I mean like those are for letters. You only have 26 options. Do you have any idea what this is? Right there? Somebody effective right now? Just this right now and pausing him before they say a word could have given you a full credit card number.


Right? Insane. She was, she was kind of moving him a little bit There, moving him. Like if you could, if you can, how do you compress data, right? Like if you do Hexa Decimal or asci, you could take a a, a 16 digit number and break it down into three letters. Do you ever see the movie The The Martian? Yes. Great movie, right? Yeah. Another Matt Damon referenced. Yeah. Love Matt Damon by the way. Me too. Has he been on here? No. Dude. Such a good dude. Yeah. I talked to somebody about getting him on, like he was gonna reach out. We're gonna do it eventually, I'm sure. Yeah. I Love that guy. I'll love him. Yeah, he's awesome. Met him a couple times. Love him. As nice as you'd expect. So if you can, in that movie in The Martian, he didn't know how to send data 'cause he only had the camera. So he shows a thing where he figured out how to take and compress big things into small. What's the easiest way you can make it very small so you can send information in a certain way.


Again, I don't wanna blow into its cover, but there is absolutely, when I see that I, I know exactly how it's being done, but I don't know if she's doing it on purpose. I think they've just learned each other's rhythms. And that's an agent. Oh, okay. Go. You know, like you gotta have her in a different room. Right, right, right. Read my mind. Read my mind through A door. Haven't they done stuff in a different room though? Didn't Kai Dickens didn't, she said In particular that another magician actually told me that they had a issue watching the, that particular kid's videos. They thought that those two were doing something funny. Yep. Clearly. But that's what I, the other videos, I don't know. They're behind a paywall. You have to get To 'em. That's it. That's the sneaky biz. Everyone that sees the paywall. I had a couple sent to me and I'm like, because people asked me this and they were like, what do you think, man?


And I listened to all of the, the tapes. I thought it was amazing. It got a little wild at the end. If you got to the end like the hill in that. And you wanna believe, who doesn't wanna believe that there's psychics amongst us? And especially kinda like the superhero story of all these are kids who nobody thought was in there. And they're really in there and they're communicating with each other. It's, it's, I mean, I Know. So it's essentially, it feels too good be true. You're saying that instead of psychic energy, there's a sense of like a kind of micro communication. You know what very simple and people want to believe. And so you kind have confirmation bias looking at the evidence. You wanna believe Kai Dickens clearly wanted to believe Just super simple. Have a mentalist and maybe a scientist involved. And a mentalist is better than the scientist.


'cause scientists will, they could watch me and they'll be like, I know how he's doing it. Right. Right. We're designed, we're we're literally, it's like get a card sheet to beat other card sheets. Right. So get me involved. Yeah. And then let's do the same thing. And I'm gonna say, here are the three things I need you to do different. And I'm not gonna say how you're doing it, but do it with these three things. And if you do that, I'm convinced. Okay. We might have to set this up. Yeah. I wonder if They'd want to. But the problem is, is that exact, there's very little to gain from that. Right. And then also we got bad energy in the room. Right. Right. That's the whole thing. Do you ever see when Uri Geller was debunked by the amazing Randy on Johnny Carson and he couldn't bend the spoons. And he goes, I can't do it with him here. He's got bad energy. It's not, and it's like, you know, is it bad energy or is this a guy who knows how you're bending the spoons?


Right. And so every time you're about to do a move, he's like a SOB who's like, stop right there. Don't move your hand. Keep the spoon right there. Don't don't. No, no. Don't look away. Look, it's like, it's like my nightmare. I had a guy show me how they do the spoons. Yeah. We had a guy demonstrate magic eagle goes, I could show you how to do this one. Yeah. And it was like a different kind of spoon. It wasn't a regular spoon. No, no. You can do it with real spoons. I could do any spoon. Yeah. Yeah. And you could bend it with your mind. I Mean, I, again, I don't wanna knock it, but that's more of a, it's not really, it's not a psychic power that falls more into the category of a magic trick. Oh. Where you're misdirecting people, you're doing something else where I, I am not really bending a spoon with my mind. There's not supernatural powers involved. I can't lie to you and say that I'm doing it in such a way where you don't know the method and it's layered, but it's sure.


Gonna look like it's bending by itself. But it's not. This guy was saying that's a kind of metal that as he moves his hand around, he heats it up. Yeah. He's lying to you. Really Damn motherfucker. He lied. 'cause he didn't wanna tell me how he does it. No. Yeah. Oh Damn it. Yeah. Got me again. Got you. You must enjoy getting people though. I just, people you spark the lights in your face when you're accurate. It is really fun to watch. I hope it's, it's contagious. But I, I enjoy watching reactions. Yeah, Clearly That's, that's the rush, right? Yeah. Laughs do not love laughs. Of course. Yeah. You ever go into a room and nobody's laughing and you just bomb and you just eat it. It's like, Oh, not fun. How often do you bomb anymore?


New jokes. Bomb. So you'll bomb for chunks. You bomb in segments. You know, you have to figure out how a bit works. And sometimes you try a bit in a way like in the middle of like, ooh, this is not the way. And then you have to kind of adjust. And you're doing a lot of sets at the mothership, I assume. Yeah. Yeah. And how much do you get allowances? What's the clock for being Joe Rogan before it's like, oh no, let's just see if you're funny as a person. Where does that end? You Gotta be funny pretty quick. People think so. Yeah. People are good for like a minute. Yeah. They're happy to see you for like a minute And then like it's only a minute, Huh? Yeah, it did not much time. Man. Jerry Seinfeld talked about that once. Yeah. He's like, being famous buys you about 30 seconds. Oh, I thought it's more, I mean that's what he said.


No, no p especially on a night filled with like really topnotch comedians. Right. Which killers Is the mothership every night. It's all a bunch of killers. So you gotta be, but that's also why we do it that way. You know, the one thing that's really bad for comedians is when they start only doing their crowds. So like, they do it on the road and they do large places and then they have the same opening act over and over again. So they're never challenged. Right. Yeah. That, that makes people soft 90% of the time. Yeah. I made that number up. I Know what the real number is. 95. But it's like a high number, you know? 'cause you get soft, Right? Yeah, I did. This is funny. So I used to go to the comedy cell.


I told you I love comedy like aficionado. I lived in the village for, I don't know, years. And this is pre-kids a lot more time on my hands. We used to go to the cellar when you could get in the cell like that. Now good luck. Right. And we would see just everybody over and over. And I, I think, think you met him on Mike Veon. Sure. So good man. Very funny guy. Great guy. Oh God. So great guy. Amazing. Super funny. And he went on, on a night where it was just like dropping, dropping, dropping. And he had to follow Seinfeld. And Seinfeld goes on and just hammers it. And then Mike Veon comes on And you know the bathroom in the cellar, right? Which is about the size of like a quarter of this table where you're touching arms when you're taking a leak next to some dude.


I went in there and I was quite drunk. And I'll never forget this. I've, I've worked with Mike Zins and I was telling him, dude, you probably don't remember me, but I was such a drunk idiot and we were touching arms while we're peeing. And I always felt bad about this. I'm so drunk. I'm like, dude, forget Seinfeld. You killed it. You're the, he's like, stop talking to me while repeating this. I crossed that threshold and I tried asking. I'm like, 'cause we did a gig together. And he opened for me. And I was like, do you, is there any chance you remember? He's like, dude, so many drunk idiots had been next to me at the cellar telling me stuff. I'm like, the night where you dropped, you know that, that, trying to see if you remember it right. And I wanted to apologize for it 'cause I felt so bad. And I'm like, I was talking to you while you're pissing. And dude, I just loved you so much.


And he forgotten. It was funny. He didn't even know this moment. You know how we drunk. But I'm like, I've been holding this weight for a while, Mike, and I'm a big fan and I'm sorry I talked to you while we both had our dicks out. It was not okay. It was not okay. There's there's a line in the sand that I have just crossed brother. That's hilarious. And he forgot about it Instantly. He did. No dude. I mean, I'm, I mean, it's like when I have gigs where people come back to me And it three years later, like, dude, do you remember this thing? And I go, of course I do. Yes. No. Most of the, most of the time you don't remember. He try. Yeah. I remember the best and the worst man. I remember, like, I remember some moments where I've bombed so bad that it is seared in your DNA Mm. You know that feeling? Oh yeah. And it's usually ones where you're not to blame, but the buck stops here.


You know what I'm saying? Sure. The setup is terrible. The outdoor gig, the, I had one where, God, it was like the town of Charlotte or some, some town hired me, some city and I had to insert all these data points about the city. And we're like, normally we do two or three things. I will mention two or three things in the course of a show and if it's 10 minutes, forget it. It's, I don't wanna be a salesperson up there. People tune out if they're like, what are you selling me something right now? Right. And I had to say eight or nine things about the town of, of, was it Charlotte? And they, at the last moment, we do dress rehears go, by the way, we're all dressing as genie and we're gonna have a life-sized genie lamp on stage and it's gonna start doing smoke while you're doing this. I'm like, I don't really like any of these things, but I was newer to show.


'cause I'm like, I go with it the whole time I'm on stage. The smoke is going like at a hundred percent. We're coughing. It's going terrible. I can't see the person whose mind I'm reading, I'm sweating. I'm trying to talk about the Billy Graham museum. I'm dying a slow death up there. I get two things in a row wrong. And you know, if you bomb your opener and your closer, like you're dead. Right? You're dead. I left apologizing. You never wanna leave a stage apol. They somehow still loved it. I don't even know how, but I, I sweated through that suit. I, it was like, I I I, you know, when you question what you're doing in life Yeah. That was like a que I'm like, maybe I'm not supposed to be doing this. Well also, you probably say okay.


Never doing that kind of setup again. Kind of. But me, I'm more catastrophize and I'm like, yeah, I should just be done. But then I came back, I came back, I picked myself up to, yeah. Funny enough, tomorrow's my, my, my, one of my daughter's fifth birthday and I'm doing a show at school for five year olds. Oh Wow. Yeah. Man, I gotta get back. But sweetheart, this is like the sweet spot where they still think I'm cool. That's cool. Before I'm gonna be like, don't do this and embarrass us, dad. Right. And last year for my oldest son who was at the time, I just turned eight. I did his school, second graders. And dude, they ate me alive. Really? Because I, I'm not doing this like this is, you know, my sweet spot is mentalism. Right. I had to brush off the dust in my kids show, which I haven't touched in like 25 years.


Oh, thank God. I've not doing kids shows anymore. No offense to kids show magicians. But like that's, that ship has sailed. And man, second graders are ruthless. Really ruthless. Why second graders? 'cause I don't know, man. Like, I like one kid. I, I finish this show. Okay. And during the show, my wife is in the room recording. I'm like, don't record, don't record. And, and I had, I had to like look at my wife at one point and I whispered, this is a nightmare because one kid's like, it's in your hand. Show me that. Show me that. And I'm like, dude, shut up. Show. And I'm not good at it. I'm not, I haven't done it in a while, Right? So I'm just bombing on tricks. And thankfully 95% of the crowd actually liked it. It was just these two kids who just got me.


And when I went home, one of my neighbors saw me and he goes to me, he goes, oh my God, what's wrong? Are you okay? Because my face was like ash and white. He thought somebody died. And I'm like, dude, I don't, I don't, you know, I don't even know what to say right now. Like, I, maybe I shouldn't be doing this. I had to at one point tell the teacher, I'm like, I'm actually like, I'm, I actually do this for a living. I'm feel like I had to try to flex. I'm like, I have an Emmy. Like, I, I wanted to let them know I'm not actually this bad. Like I, That's hilarious. Yeah. That's hilarious. Oh, don't you think comedy is kind of a bit of hypno, hypnotizing people? Oh yeah. Yeah. The best comedians. You the pacing the rhythm. Like I was watching the Tom Segura special this morning.


I don't how well you know his material. I mean, you know him well, but like, he had a bit about flying first class. Do you remember that one? I Don't. Oh, He talks about, I I don't think he's using his material anymore. The fact that he gets upgraded, he buys coach tickets. It was early, it was years ago. And he gets upgraded so much that he gets first class tickets and he go, shall I not say this bit? I dunno if I want to take his bit. No, you can say it's okay. And he goes, it literally, the moment I get upgraded this feeling of superiority washes over me, right. Where I'm like, don't, when people are walking, he's like, don't look at me, you poor piece of shit. Like, he's just, so, he goes, I dare you if you're in coach to try to use my bathroom, if I'm in the front, I will put my hand on your chest, bro. It's, I've seen that a hundred times and it's just as funny if not funnier every time I watch it.


And it's like the timing, the rhythm. I, I learn more from comedy than ever. Magic or mentalism. Way more Interesting. Interesting. Because we've talked about it a bunch comics. I'm like, I think we're hypnotizing people because I feel hypnotized when someone's killing. When someone's killing, I'm allowing them to think for me. Yep. You know, like they're taking me on a ride and I'm just, I'm not thinking at all about what would I say? What would I do? I'm just in their head or there in my head. Right. And also when you bring someone along and when you have that, like just you drop just amazing line. Like Yeah. Just, there's so many. I mean, listen, I, I consume so much comedy, but like, I love watching the rhythm, seeing where people go with it.


The people that are more short form like punch delivery. Right. Versus like a long form, like a Nate Bartzi, like watching Andrew do his things. Shaw's amazing man. Some of these guys are just like, you can't see where the joke is gonna come and how you just squeeze every bit of juice out of the orange. And the good callbacks. I think that ultimate hypnotist is David Atel. Yeah. Oh yeah. Davis, Dave. 'cause Dave, there's a rhythm. There's a rhythm to weigh. He, And it is like, you just get lost in his thinking. Right. And he just takes you on the, and he's so effortless and, and he does so many sets. Like he's so polished that there's like this effortlessness to his movements and the rhythm and everything. It's like, it's wild.


Oh, like Sebastian Maniscalco. I just frigging love watching Sebastian. There's so many, there's so many people that came up now that I've seen like, over and over and over. And it watched them go up. Like Sam Marillo, I've been a fan of for years. Years. Sebastian was actually the first guy to recommend you to me. I love Sebastian. Shout out To Sebastian. I love you Sebastian. Yeah. Was there anyone else after that Caught up? A couple people told me you were awesome. Nice. Quite a few. No. Sebastian's such a standup guy. This friend of mine when I, I told him that it was sh Gil Chin Gil, isn't it? It is. Yeah. You just thought of it. You shouldn't have let down your guard. I just knew it. How'd you know? I just, I That was it. That was the moment. What'd you see? I Can't tell you. But that would, right when you said, this friend of mine knew, I knew you were gonna protect your parks. And I said, could it have been Ari could have been Mark. And I immediately knew it was gonna be Shane Gils. 'cause neither of those two would've said, definitely not.


Mark would've said, kill him. He's a witch. He's it. I I just knew it. Yep. That's Shane. That's such his sense of humor too. He's a witch. Kill him. Yep. That's so Shane. That's so Shane. Yeah. That was a little bit of a giveaway. 'cause I said it was my friend. Yep. That is, that was the giveaway. That was a giveaway. 'cause I didn't tell you. It's someone that I know. He said a hundred percent. So now I'm thinking like he must live in Austin. Like there was a lot of a lot of indicators. Mm. Yeah. Whatever. But that's part of the thing, right? Right. But that's also you admitting that this isn't like supernatural. I'm not psychic. So everybody, when people put me on the spot and like, tell me this right now, I, I literally go, it's not Netflix an on-demand feature.


Like I, again, that's where these skills, when people are like, why don't you win the lottery? Why don't you like all these things that are silly where you don't get, get what I do apparently. Do you believe that there is any sort of psychic power that people have? Like when, when someone gets a phone call from someone, they're just thinking about Intuition, right? I think there's, I think there's, I mean, bli that's like a bigger picture question. Like, you know, where does your mind expand? Like, psychedelics, like where, where, what is there beyond this plane, right? That clearly, you know, people are aware of. There's, it'd be silly to think, but how do you kind of get on that frequency? There's no question that people have an intuition, again, could I call it psychic powers?


I've had things happen that I can't explain to you based on the skills I have. Does that make sense? Like what, what do you mean? Well, I, I've guessed things from people where I didn't do the normal way. I do it. Do, do you understand what I mean? Like, I normally have a, there's a series of steps on how I do it, kinda like a chess player, okay. Where you get a chess player, you get Magnus Carlson, and you get the best chess player in the world. They can literally blindfold, play 30 people. And I'm like, how'd you, how did you, how are you doing that? Right? Right. Right. That's like magic to me. Right? But you're keeping track of all that stuff in your mind, and you're doing stuff that is indistinguishable from real magic in my opinion. But you've hyper-focused on one skill. That's what I've done. You just think it's a lot of skills. What I've focused on is one thing is assessing what people are thinking and what they give away that they don't think they're giving away.


That's all, I just guess secret information for a living. But to make it exciting and entertaining, I add bells and whistles and make it interesting. Otherwise, it'd be boring. How many mentalists are out there? Like, is there a community? Guys, you share notes? Sure. So I, there's like a, I wouldn't call it a brain trust, but there's people I bounce ideas off of when I'm creating. Kinda like you'd punch up jokes where they're, here's what's rare in, in our world, there's creators and then there's performers. Do You know what I'm saying? Like writers and it's like singer songwriters. How many people have their songs written for them? Right. Some of the biggest stars in the world. Right. And how many are like Taylor Swift style where you write it and this, and you get a piece of you in it. Yeah. And there's something about when you write your own song, I'm not knocking people that don't write their own song, but there's something that you feel different.


Right. Do You know what I mean? Which Explains the connection Taylor Swift has to our fans. I, I believe so. Because you're getting a piece of you that somebody else can't, I'm sure that the, or just A random pop star that gets like some factory, you'll Still like it. Like I fri love a back two boy song. Don't get me wrong. It's How dare you. I want it that way, Joe. But like when you are with her, and I'm sure, like Jack Anton now, she's a huge, amazing crew of writers that I'm sure get things out of her. And I know a lot of like music producers, but you feel some connection. Right? So what again, I think is differentiating. There's a lot of mentalists, but it's a really small number that are the singer songwriter, the creator performer. Right. Who, who have the thoughts and are constantly doing new stuff because we are a cover band.


Most mentalists are a cover band of other mentalists. Got it. We don't need to do new stuff. Right. You could literally do the same thing. This is pretty amazing. I could do this for the next 40 years and make a good living. God bless. And why do new stuff? Like when Louis CCK was popping out three specials a year, everyone's like, what the, you know? Right. Why are you doing this to all the rest of us? You're so creative. You don't have to, and in our profession, you really don't have to. 'cause you don't have to bury material. Right. If I'm not putting stuff online, if I'm not going, like crowd work, the Matt Rife model, who by the way, I love that guy. But like, it, it, it changed the game. Now, if you want to blow up on social, you've gotta be doing this. Or do current events, do topical, do things you can burn, but I can't put my real act out there.


Right, right, right. So, but you enjoy the creative aspect of it. I love it. I find it boring if I keep doing the same stuff, of course I'm, yeah. I'm bored. Right. Right. And I get like sad. Right. But it's, it's interesting because like, I, I wonder how many people you can bounce ideas off of. It seems like you're kind of a lone wolf. Like the, in that world, I don't think there's, I mean, there's a lot of comedians, like I could call a lot of comedians right now. Right. To bounce an idea off of There's way less mentalists. Yeah. And there's way more magicians and then of the group of mentalists. If you were to do the core one, and again, this is not subjective, I'm much more like objective the way we looked at names. How many of them have done certain volume of TV appearance, certain volume of views, like which ones are getting the attention of the world and the zeitgeist.


It's a very, very small number. Because you gotta innovate, right? This is like an attention economy. You have to do stuff that's compelling to the viewer. And for me, I don't think about myself. It's a trick in life. I think about who's watching. Mm. Well that's what do you mean by it's a trick in life? Well, I, I like it helps you in everything in life. Right? My secret sauce is that I hold the mirror up, not to myself, but to you. Do you get it? Like when you're watching and you're watching a football thing? Right. What's intriguing is the fact that you're a football viewer. If you're meeting somebody and you wanna be memorable, learn more about them, start listening more. Like I'll, I'll tell you a story. I met Steven Spielberg. I did Steven Spielberg's dad's birthday, and I got in that room, have you met Steven Spielberg?


No. And I'm like, you know Right. A crazy fan. Like I can't explain to you how many movies he had as a kid that were life changing. Oh yeah. And I'm like, dude, close Encounters third kind. Like, yeah. He's one of the greatest of all time ever. Yeah. And so I'm in the room, I've done stuff for his family. This is not like a big blowout corporate event. It's like 80 people. I'm hoping he doesn't mind me sharing this. And, And it was great time. Amazing. And at the end of it, I'm like getting some face time with Spielberg. Right. And I walk up to him and we spent almost 20 minutes talking to each other, which is like, I didn't expect that. I thought he'd be like, oh, great job. You know, do you know how many questions? I had a million questions. Do you have many questions? I asked him, How many? Zero.


Really? Zero. And that's like right there. I learned a lesson in life that applies to everything. That's why Steven Spielberg, he is naturally curious, this guy, wealthy beyond belief, stories beyond belief. He could make it ego driven. And he could have been telling me, oh, this. And I would've been hanging on my every word. But instead he wanted to know more about me. And he kept asking me, que, I was like, just pause dude. I have like a lot of questions. Like, come on. Right? And so I learned, and I could have just left that and been like, fuck it. I didn't get any questions in with Steven Spi, but instead I realized this is the person at the highest level of what he does. And he's naturally curious and he lets other people shine. And this is something to do in life, Right?


Which is, you don't know when you meet somebody who they'll be, or what they'll be or what can, I'm not doing it from a transactional sense, but why I've had so many TV appearances is when I go into a place, I'm gonna do stuff for the security guard. I'm gonna do something for the person who irons my shirt. I'm gonna leave that place like a bomb went off of amazement where everyone around there now likes you and you don't know when they'll jump ship to another network to another thing. And if they like you, sales 1 0 1, they're gonna wanna keep doing business with you. Mm. And so those people become your champions elsewhere. And that's kind of a lesson where he could have talked about himself the whole time He didn't. Interesting. So I shouldn't either. When you go to other places, let other people shine. And that's something I've carried with me.


And I think that's a superpower in life that most people don't do. They think, what am I gonna say next? Right? That's kind of the key to running a good podcast too. 'cause you really wanna extract the most outta the person possible. Right. Where you just want that. My questions are basically just to try to get you expand. And I would just wanna find out how you think. Right. And for Spielberg, a guy who deals in all these stories and narratives and all these characters and heroes to meet a unique character like yourself is probably really fascinating to him too, because he's probably like, oh, I don't know anybody like this. Right. You know, like, what are you doing? How are you doing? Like, and now, now he's got like a new tool in his toolbox.


Totally. Right? Because he's got you right? Like this, you know, you have the spectrum of possibilities in terms of like the humans that you meet. And then you meet one that's outside of that, you're like, Ooh, I hadn't even considered you before. Right? What Do you, where how's, who the fuck are you? Yeah, That was pretty much the question. And then he had, like, he, but he was interesting because I know if you get this, but I get like x like the 20 questions is what I call it. Air quotes. Yeah. Which is how'd you get into this? Like the opening questions, which you can't blame someone if you got a weird job. Right. People about it. Right. Like, did something in your family do, like, there's all these questions you're gonna get every time. God bless people. I don't hold it against them. Mine is always, I'm doing like a sound check for a gig.


And, and they're was like, alright, so we got this, we got this. And I go, don't you know that we have that? I'm like, ah. You know, like, I'm like, okay, so just real quick, where's the green room? Like, you don't know already. And I'm like, okay, this is, this is getting silly. I just smile and I'm like, you know, I never heard that one before. But it's, it, it, it's, you get that. Yeah. But in this situation, again, it's like he, he didn't ask those questions. He was very uniquely finding ans questions that weren't like the usual. Of course. 'cause a study, I mean, he studies humans, right? I mean, to be a great filmmaker the way he is to do Schindler's List, to do, you know, oh, that's, That's such a heavy movie, man. Have you seen that recently? Seen Private Ryan? Yeah. I mean, he's got heavy movies and then, you know, close Encounters is one of my favorite movies of all time.


I mean, the co it's interesting. You know, one of the things I really liked about that movie is he, after he became a father, changed how he felt about the ending of his own movie. He wouldn't have the father leave everybody. Oh, wow. Yeah. 'cause at the end of the movie, Richard Dreyfuss character gets on the, the spaceship and leaves the aliens. Wow. He's like, I would never do that. I didn't know that. Yeah. Did they film it or no? Well, he, it was after the fact. Like, you know, he made the movie, I believe, when he was younger and he didn't have children. And then as time went on, you know, he looked back on it. You're like, oh God, I would never leave my kids to go on this fucking UFO. Right. Nor would I, nor would you. No, no. Like, but in this idealistic version of who he thought the Richard Dreyfus character was and the circumstances, like he had to leave.


He had to go, you gotta go with the aliens. Sure as hell get my phone out and try and get good footage for a change. I'm like right here. Good stuff. I like the Tic-Tac and Gimbal, but I wanna see it close up and high death. Yeah. I know. You got anything off air? Nothing. You got something? Come on. I, I I have off air. What I think are people bullshitting me? Oh, I, you don't have to be off air. I've watched these, I can read people, I can tell on, On, on air, Off air where the snake oil is. Yeah. I, I feel it here. I that's where it's instinctive. Like I don't have the tools that you have, but there's a part of me that's like, Hmm, something smells, something Feels weird. I told when I walked in here and I said, this is again, passes the sniff test and pardon my French, but everyone takes crap. Right? Everyone in the world, I don't care if you're the Pope, you take a crap.


So if they're being held in a facility, someone's taking craps. Right. And who's cleaning it? I don't think the scientists are, there's a janitor, right? There's someone in that room. So are you telling me that there's nobody in there that's got a 401k health insurance? Some sort of, how is someone not getting, tell me, explain to me what NDA they're signing or what they're doing that if they found this out, someone loose lip sync ship, somebody would've told somebody who works in that facility who's not the scientist, who's not the military person, and word gets out. How is that buttoned up tight where nothing gets out ever. Well, For 50 years, you're telling me there's a basement somewhere in this country, eight stories down where they've got those things and no one else knows who's credible and can release it.


How Occam's razor. What do you think? I think the government can keep things secret for a long time. I think they did with the Manhattan Project. I think they've done it with other projects in the past. I think it's possible. You think it's siloed possible. Cause it wasn just siloed. Nobody knows all the info because People do talk there, there's a lot of people talking and people share similar stories and they have for decades. And I, I think there's something to it. I just don't know what it is. I think, you know, we had Jesse Michaels on yesterday who has this amazing show on YouTube, probably the best YouTube show on aliens and UFOs and UAPs. And he's very agnostic in his thinking. And he's, he's very objective and he also is very, very, very thorough as far as his understanding of the information.


And even he is baffled as much as he knows, but he knows more about siloed technology than pretty much anybody does in, in regard to this UAP phenomenon. Right. And he points to this guy, Thompson Brown, who was working on Gravity Technology in the 1950s. They were, they had working models. Like they, they, they, he thinks that they have some sort of a gravity propulsion device. But then there's things like Roswell where the crash, like if all those stories are true, that's too early. It's 47. There's too early, there's no way they had working models of these, these devices back then. So he thinks it's possible.


You know, he's not a, I know this is true. He thinks it's possible that it is both United States government secret projects that people are seeing. And there's probably quite a few of them. We actually pulled a few of them up and showed some of them that look like UFOs. That probably is part of what people are seeing. But he thinks is also probable that there's some other things. And these other things could be from anywhere. And then there's just the firming paradox. Like if they're all out there, where are they? There's so many planets, there's so many galaxies. Well That's, that's gotta be the case. It has to be the case. It's the question of whether or not they have visited or whether or not they're here. Right. You know, and then there's these like weird Peruvian mummies that we went over that these didactal mummies that they take cat scans of.


And you see the tissue and the bones And you know, they, they were all found in, what is, what is it called? What's the kind of earth that they found that these things are the die something? Do you remember what it is? Where they were all dried out? I know the, I know exactly what you're, I the description, but I don't Remember the word. You said something earth. I, I know the word. I can't. It's, it's escaping me right now. All this stuff's very fascinating. So fascinating. Ancient, I'm ancient depictions on cave walls of these things. And we pulled up these tapestries or a thousand years old that had these three fingered creatures. Very weird. Very weird. But that doesn't necessarily, doesn't mean they're alien.


Right. You know, we talked to, we talked rather about all the various versions of human beings that they're finding now, you know, from Dennis os to the island of Flores Hobbit people, that there's like these, there's a weird variety of humans that went extinct. Right. And these didactal things could very well have been that Yeah. You had, it was Christopher Melanin. Right. And I, that was my favorite one. Yeah. 'cause he had, I think, I, I don't wanna butcher, but I think he called it ultra terrestrial. It makes the most sense, which is, think about right now, if you just drop the bottle in the ocean, right. What are the odds you ever run into that bottle in the ocean? It's impossible. That's what time is. If we've been around for 13 billion years, sure there's aliens, but how do you, we've only been around for a few thousand.


Like, it's such an infant. It's, it's a grain of sand in the whole beach. So what if you, what would you do right now if we had technology a thousand years from now? 2000 years from now, right. Ai, multiply it out, the whole nine, what would you do? You'd send these things everywhere Sure. Just like sci-fi and you'd plant them and you'd come out every now and again and check what's up. Sure. So that's, I, I don't, I don't, my likeliest thing is I don't think there's any biological beings or aliens. I think you've just got automated drones in essence, that are running patterns that have some sort of a, like, I don't know. That makes way more sense. It certainly could be that, I mean, that's what we're doing currently on Mars, you know? Right. And it's what we do with, you know, probes, you know, with James Webb Telescope.


A lot of different things that we use, we just send a machine out and get information from it. And then also, I think at a certain point in time we're being realistic about what we're doing right now. We're gonna have biological beings, and then we're gonna have some kind of digital being. We're gonna have some sort of a, whether it's, whether it's an actual physical robot or whether it's just an artificial intelligence, that's a signal that we can send. And, you know, it has enough compressed information where it can compute and calculate and do, I mean, it's a technology beyond our wildest, wildest dreams is a thousand years away from now. Right. But a thousand years away, we have a God. Right. So what, what if, if you extrapolate where we're at now with quantum computing and the ability to calculate things, that if you turn the entire universe, every molecule of the universe into a computer, it would take you so much time, according to Mark Andreessen, that the universe would die of heat death before it could solve an equation that a quantum computer can solve in minutes.


Right. This is, we're talking about nuts. No, it's crazy. And this is just 20, 25 stuff. You know, if you looked at the internet from 1994, it's like archaic 14 form modem. I remember it. I remember it. I'm that generation, you Know, that's 31 years ago. So, like, what are we talking about when we're, we're dealing with 31,000 years. So conceivably a life form has existed and gone through the same stages as us without catastrophes, without nuclear war, without all the things that could trip us up. We, we could be dealing with things that are beyond our imagination, literally beyond our imagination. And they're probably around us all the time. I had an idea that I wondered, I've always thought, what if ideas are life forms, right?


Because we think of life as being, it has to breathe, it has to have cells, it has to, but everything in this room and everything in this city, and everything on this planet that's a, a manmade physical object came out of an idea. And the ideas compound upon each other. The, you know, the more people working on these ideas, the more competition, the more the ideas will flourish. And the more the, the ideas will be more complex and, and more efficient versions of this idea like it has. But it has to start as a creative thought inside someone's head. And either a creative thought that you can apply to existing creative thoughts or a completely unique one, like Francis Crick or, you know, when they're figuring out certain aspects of biology or certain aspects of the quantum field, whatever they're doing, that's come, that's a breakthrough thing.


Like, where's that coming from? Right? It's coming from an idea. And then these ideas, they manifest itself in physical form through human labor. Well, it's Schrodinger's cat. Right? Does it happen if you don't observe it? That's the weird thing about quantum physics, right? It's completely, you can't imagine it. But if you don't open that box, nothing's happened yet. Hasn't happened until you observe it. Right. They prove That. Well, that's what it gets really weird. You know, when, when people, there's a lot of people that are deciding now that to approach it, approach it as if consciousness is the reason these things exist. Not consciousness is seeing that these things exist.


That they only exist when you're interacting with them. Which is like what Some of the stuff, when you read that. Like I've read books about string theory about quantum physics. It's just, they're too, it's too hard to process in the real world when you're like the table, but the table's actually empty space. Right? There's almost nothing in it. Solid. Yeah. Every atom, I don't even know what the, the numbers are like Neil de Crest Tyson. But how small is the nucleus and the actual physical items out of it? They're empty, right? Everything's Empty. Everything's empty. And then you get to subatomic and you're like, okay, well now this is just pure wizardry, right? Yeah. That they exist and they don't exist. This is Something Michael Jackson said about ideas.


Start like right here. Philip says, we went and met with Michael and Kenny said, Michael, you've gotta stop. We've got an incredible show. We don't need any more vignettes. Michael said, but Kenny, God channels this through me at night. I can't sleep 'cause I'm so supercharged. Kenny said, but Michael, we have to finish. Can't God take a vacation without missing a beat? Michael said, you don't understand. If I'm not there to receive these ideas, God might give them to Prince. Incredible. Just an incredible, Michael slept one night and that's why Purple Rain exists. Did you know that Little Red Corvette was gonna have a totally different meeting with Michael Jackson? Isn't that Crazy? Too Soon? Too soon. God might give them to Prince.


Yeah. Wow. Wow. Well, songs are interesting like that. You know who I met last year? I was in Sweden. I did this conference. Brilliant Mind. It's amazing. And I met Max Martin. Do you know who that is? No. Max Martin is, you should look this up. How many hits he has. So Max Martin has, I think, more number one hits than anyone but Paul McCartney check that if I'm right. But I got there. There's so many interesting people. It's amazing conference. And I was ready to geek out with him because I'm just so curious. It's the creative, like, how does somebody come up with something is fascinating to me. Right? And one of his recent songs was Blinding Lights by the Weekend. Mm. You know, I want such a massive hit. And I just, I love that song. And I just like, just like perfect.


Sounds like a movie track in my mind. And how did you do that? Like, how, you know, where did you start? Did you guys have a beat? Did you know the lyrics? Like, I'm just so curious. How does that happen? Right. Is it like in 10 minutes? Is it months? And he just walked me through like, he had a vision. We have this, we have like all this stuff that we sit down and then the first, the music, then the, I'm like, just, wow. It's so amazing to create something like that, that a billion people now listen to number one in every country in the world. It's like, how do you manufacture something so kind of perfect that everyone in the world likes it. Yeah. And is there performance? Do you know it's gonna be the hit before it is the hit? That to me is the most, like how many bands get stuck for the rest of their life playing a song that they fricking hate that they didn't know was gonna be their, especially if you're a one hit wonder.


Yeah. You're like dead in the eyes. You're like, I gotta play this again. Yeah. I gotta, you know, come on Eileen. Like I, you better love that song. Isn't it funny when you love a song and the artist doesn't wanna sing it anymore? Like, oh, oh. And then they start singing in a different way at a concert. And you're like, why are you doing this weird acapella, bro? I wanna hear like the radio. Yeah. That's, that's interesting. That's kind of the difference though, between musicians and anybody else. 'cause musicians, you want to hear the same thing over and over again. Exactly. Yeah. I have that a little bit where if I get clients who book me over and over, they'll, they'll, I say to 'em, do you want me to do something different? 'cause it's like jokes. Right. You know? Right. It's like I've seen gaffing and you can do Hot Pockets, like people call it out and I wanna hear it, but you know the punchline.


Right, right, right. Something that especially you're known for. So I found that if I did a completely different show, people are kind of mad. Like you, I don't have exit surveys, but like I I, I kinda listen in and see what's going on. Like, ah, I wish he did that one. Bon Jovi has gotta do living on a prayer at every gig. Yeah. Or people are pissed. For me, I need at least two of the things to be the same because people wanna see if they can catch it the second time. Got it. So there's a level of they heard about it and they're like, oh, you gotta do that thing with the thing, you know? Yeah. And so if I do everything new, yeah. They're kind of happy, but they still want a greatest hit. Right. And it took me years to learn that because I used to be like, oh, I can't do the same thing. I gotta be, you know, unique. And then I, I learned that that's not, that's not better.


You know, I was just thinking like Mentalist would be the best police interrogators. Right. Minority report style. Right. Don't you think like, if someone, but don't you think if a police interrogator learn the skills of being a mentalist? I think they could. But again, it's the best analogy that I can give you is a director holding the camera. I'm always holding the camera and pointing it at what I want. Does that make sense? Ooh, what police interrogator's gonna say, okay, to the perp, think of where you were that night. Look this way, look that way. Do you like they're not gonna do all that stuff. Right. And this is done when it's done under the guise of entertainment. And If they do do that, you're kind of leading the witness. You could Lead whatever people are gonna, it's not a, it's not a show.


Right. So you're not gonna have a willing participant, you can't be hypnotized against your will. Most stage hypnotists, they do compliance testing first. Do You know what I mean by that? They have everyone in the audience hold your hands together. And imagine and like, and like, who can't get their hands apart. And the person who goes like this right away, they're like, I'm not bringing them on stage. Right. They, they're not doing anything. Right. You have to be able to be hypnotized. You have to be suggestible. Mine isn't necessarily suggestible, but mine is a maze where every time you hit a roadblock, I'm moving you around until I get you to the spot where you go through. And so that's why you asked me why I didn't do this. It wasn't gonna work. I knew it wouldn't. I have, I have more things planned than you know right now. Okay. I've been thinking about this for a while, but I'm not gonna do them all.


Okay? Because again, how do you structure an act? You leave the best for last. Got it. You never leave here doing the best in The middle. We're going down the home stretch. Are we, are we home stretched? Yeah. Are we at the final moment? We're we, we're almost at three hours. So You, wow. This goes fast. Huh? Flew by. Remember when you asked me did I wake up early or late? Right. The only thing I got wrong, right? Right. Except, well, he said the vow, but he thought of melody. But I either, the Y was the, You know what I mean? That was a little bit tricky. 'cause A-E-I-O-U. Anyway, it doesn't matter. Here's what I wanna do. You said 50 50 coin flip. Okay. And I Brought one. You said, who has coins? What do we got here? A coin. What is it? Candy Half, right? Yeah. Alright, let's go half.


I feel like one is not exciting enough. That's like a football game. Okay. Here's what I do. I dunno if you can see me from over there. Let's do three tosses. Okay. Statistically how many we get right? Two, One and a half. Alright. Alright. Either way. Call it in the air. Okay. Can you see me over there? I'm gonna try the table's real busy. Okay. Call it in the air Tails. You go in tails? Yeah. What do we get? Heads. Alright. Okay. Alright. Whatever. Oh, for one. Okay. So you felt good about it when you did it? No. Okay. I just took a while. Guess so. You gotta Get a, should I really put it in my head? No, do Whatever. I mean, it's a coin flip. It's not a trick. Okay, now It gets in your head 'cause you guessed it and you're like, fuck it didn't work the first time. Right? But I, nobody cares. Nothing riding on this, right?


You already call it in the air. What are you going with? Tails. You going tails again? Yeah. You're going tails again. Yep. I can't, I, I see I that time I would never change it's head's. Oh, for two mm. Alright. Alright. Third time is charm. Okay. You think You got it? Yep. What are the odds on that? So this has gotta be your shot. Call it. Tails. Tails. Yeah, I was go tails. Never fails. What do we get? Joe? You're Oh, for three Heads again. You're Oh For three. You done? Nope. You want one more? Sure. You insist? Yeah. Alright. You're not done. I said three. No. Okay. Should I go over here? Has that envelope been there the whole time? This envelope? Yes. We sealed this right? The moment I arrived at the studio, right?


Okay. You're gonna get it this time just for the record. Okay. Call tails. Tails. Yeah. Fuck. Oh for four. Are you doing this? I'm not doing Anything. Take You. You're not making it land on heads. Oh, for four. No, but do you know how to do it? Lik do you have a method? Call it. Call it whatever You want. Tails. So I did I do it? You said it. What is it? It's Heads. But that was, that didn't count. That didn't count in a row. You just, bad luck. Is that five in a row? I in in a count. That one. That seems odd. Let's try one more. Double check The tails. Still there. It yourself. Do it Yourself. Double check what? James. Double check. There's still tails on there. There's still tails. Okay, just Check it. But this doesn't count 'cause this one's yours. Oops. That was very clumsy of me.


Put it anyway. Do it on the table. I just didn't have room on the table. It's tails. But did you guess tails? Yeah. Oh, okay. I just kept going. Affiliate, kept going, going. Gotta tails Eventually. It's not a trick, it's statistical. Alright. But statistically, five in a row of heads. It seems odd. I said to you, I hope everyone stayed along for this journey. I said, this is your future. This is my future. Right? But I lied. Past, present, and future. Oh my god. Now hold on. I'm gonna come over there. That's a lot. Open it up. It's, you'll see what I mean. But I don't want you to open it. You open it up. Okay. There's two things in there now. Freeze right there. Okay. Show us what you have. Two envelopes. Well, Not one's on an envelope, but kind. Well, once folded. Piece of paper. Folded piece of paper. Paper. And then one is a manila envelope. That's seal. Is it all right if I come over? Is it tap? Is it taped everywhere?


Yes. Taped everywhere. Okay, So I'm coming Over. Okay, Let's see what we got. You wanna do it? Can you guys hear me? We're gonna open it. Where am I? Is The camera here? It's his mic. But I have the There's a camera over there. There's a camera. Okay. You tell me. Okay, I'll go around you. Okay. I just wanna make sure You can see this All Joe, Look inside. Okay. I want you to look inside and before you grab it, no, no, no. Look, look, look, Look, look. Okay, I'm looking And tell me. You see it says two words. Can I turn this around? I just, It says Joe Rogan. It Says Joe Rogan. And I don't wanna touch. Will you do it? I don't wanna touch. Grab that one, that pink One out. Okay. And read to us, grab that. That's your pass. Hold on to This. Okay. Read Out loud. That's been in there from before we started.


It says, Joe Rogan will get three coin flips in a row. Wrong. Insist on doing one more and then get that one wrong too. The present. You can't change that. The past. Joe, take out what's in there. Okay, tell us all. Look around the edge is this. It's stapled. Stapled. Like I usually used to lick stuff. Stapled shut. Feel like do this, bring this over. I want to see. Look. Look you. I don't wanna touch. I just want you to like look around. Yeah, it's Fully stapled. It stapled. Is there any, when I walked in here, Joe, I made a big thing of it. I said I want you to have this before. Right. Sealed. It's been here the whole time. Sealed. Yes. Impulsive. Spontaneous in the moment. Got it. And I said to you, did something get in your head? Who Earlier when I said, any fighter you've ever, you've ever seen, what fighter came to mind?


I said Anderson silver. Anderson silver. Yeah. And how many fighters rip it open? Okay. How many fighters did you say cycled through your head? And I said, be very specific. How many fighters did you think cycled through your head? I don't know. I said a dozen at least. Did He say a dozen? Stuck with 14. You said 14. Read. Please open that up. Take that out. Okay. And I want you to please read what's been in there from the moment I walked on this set. It said, Joe will have 14 fighters go through his head. But with Anderson Silva in the end, in a fight that he won, Past, present, and future. That's, that's insane. Past, present, future. The other piece of paper, there's one that's got, That's literally insane because at first I was gonna go with Za.


Beat Za beat. Magma. Magma. Sheriff, do This. Grab the other piece of paper. It's got a paper clip, freeze right there. This is the future. Stop. Stop. Don't move. Hold it right there in Your hands. Okay. I'm holding it. Nobody knows the future. Nobody knows the future. It's true. Nobody does. Right? Imagine right now. Best magic trick in the world. Boom. I throw a smoke bomb. Right? Disappear. Disappear. Right? Anyone ever Someone famous though. Otherwise, I wanna see my grandma again. Okay. Up here. Right here. Instead, imagine you. Literally, I don't want Jamie do, but you pull up a photo, you show me this person's photo. Got it. Say it. Who do? Who do you see right there in that chair? Say it. What's their name? Miles Davis. Can I Ask you a question? Yes. Because I like this. I, here's what I always like to do.


I always call it the grass is greener. I can see when people's eyes shift, when they have one person and they're like, I want that person. But that's the front of their mind. I can always get in the front. Right? But for this to be a legendary ending, who is in the back? Who is the person you thought of before? Miles Davis? Tell us. Muhammad Ali. Muhammad Ali, right? Yeah. That's what I love. The gold standard. The reason you're gonna talk about this for years is 'cause you changed your mind. The last moment that's been in there from when I walked in here. Look at what's in there right now. Muhammad Ali. How is that possible? That's insane. I, You are a witch. We're gonna have to kill you. Lock the door, Jamie.


Bam. That's really insane, man. That's really weird. I want to ask you how you do this, but you're not gonna tell me. Yeah. Off camera tell you everything. You show me where Bob Azar is hiding the UFO. I wish I knew. I wish I knew. That's insane, dude. That's crazy. It was Anderson Silva versus Rich Frank, rich Franklin. Oh, what a good fight. What a great fight. Yeah. This, You keep this, you keep, you lock in the safe. Or when I come next time, assume the close. I will. I'll be back. I'll, you've done the safe. This is really nuts, man. I don't know how you did it. It's really crazy. The coin flip. The 14 different fighters, like all of it. Thank you. It's fucking nuts, man. Change your bank pin code right now. Change it. Yeah. I'm going to Jesus Christ.


Tammy, anything to add to this? Nope. I thought I, we should have walked off when you just silent. We should just send it there. This is like pure wizardry. Dude, I, I don't know how you're doing it. Appreciate that. And I don't think you're ever gonna be explained to me either. Thank you. I appreciate you, man. I'm of fun. I'm a huge fan for many years and I love what you're putting out in the world and I'm telling you, I just, I love it. And thank you so much. I'm honored to be here. Oh, I, it is an honor for me too. This is like truly insane. I've been blown away before, but I don't think I've ever been blown away this much. This is really nuts and it, it's like shattered my worldview. I have to rethink how I think about everything and what signals human beings give off. And like how someone could read something like that.


Pretty nuts. Thanks brother. Thank you.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Sometimes it's good to be a little controlling. It can help you protect yourself, your health, your wellbeing, and your possessions. There's only so much you can do though, especially when it comes to your personal info. You probably use things like two factor authentication, strong passwords, and A VPN. But as much as you try to be in control of how your information is protected, there are lots of places that also have it. And they might not be as careful as you are. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second for identity threats. If your identity is stolen, a LifeLock US-based restoration specialist will help solve identity theft issues on your behalf, guaranteed or your money back. Plus, all LifeLock plans are backed by the million dollar protection package, meaning LifeLock will reimburse you up to the limits of your plan. If you lose money due to identity theft, you might not be able to control how others handle your personal information, but you can help protect it. With LifeLock. Save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use the promo code JRE or go to lifelock.com/jre for 40%. Off terms apply.