
Joe Rogan podcast, Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Alright, what's going on Man? How you doing Jeff? Very good to see you sir. Thanks for having Me in Austin. What is it like to be the head of the FBI? How weird is that? It's completely F and wild. I mean, I don't even know how to describe it. What was it? What did you think it was gonna be like and what was different once you got in there? I thought that we were gonna be able to come in with the movement that President Trump came in with the administration to fix this, fix the errors that the leadership of the FBI previously made, not like the 37,000 change people.


And we are, we're doing a ton of work. I didn't know we would be able to do it this quickly, is my surprise. And that what that showed me was the people at the bureau, literally people who've been there, 30 year agents. They're coming up to me like, dude, we wanted to do that 15 years ago. Really? We wanted to do that 10 years ago. And then my question was like, you guys are the pros. Like, I'm just, my job as the director, I'm not chasing down bad guys. I don't know how to do that. Is to give them what you need and get the hell out of the way. And they were like, dude, all they did was get in the way. So like what, like what kind of stuff specifically, specifically did you start doing that they wanted to do 15 years ago? Simple. The one that I've taken the biggest heat for, you know when I said, Hey, there are, these are the statistics from the USG, so you can take 'em or leave them, right?


I don't know where else to go 'cause nobody else does these, right? In the last calendar year, not this one, the year before last a hundred thousand people were dying of drug overdoses a year. That's one every seven minutes. A child or kid was being raped every six and a half minutes in this country. And there were two homicides an hour in this country. And we have a 38,000 person workforce. And I said, okay, where are, where are the agents? Where are Intel analysts? Where is everybody? We got 55 field offices, we got 300 what we call RAs, resident agencies. So satellite offices, the field offices in major cities. And they said, well, we've got 11,000 FBI employees in what we call the NCR, the National Capital Region. So if you take DC and you do a 50 mile, 60 mile radius around it, 11,000, almost a third of the workforce work there.


And they said, what the hell are they doing there? And they said, well, they mandated, if you want a promotion, if you wanna move up, you gotta come back here and prioritize stuff here. So I said, look, we're moving agents and intel analysts to the field. And that's what I did. 1500 people are going to the field because a third of the crime doesn't happen in Washington DC in the 65 miles around it. And everybody was like, we've been wanting to do this forever. I mean, just think about it. Yeah. One agent out in Indian country, one agent out in Texas, Arkansas, Washington state prevents a homicide, conducts a major drug bust, stops a ton of fentanyl or meth from coming into our country. One agent can do that. And the agents that I talk to now from around the country are just stoked.


That's awesome. That's great news. That really is great news. 'cause the Fentanyl thing scares the shit out of me. It really does. Well, It's one of the things I wanna hammer down on, but whenever you wanna get into that Yeah, please. Yeah. It's so terrifying because, you know, we've shown it on the podcast the amount that'll kill you. Yeah. It's so small. It's like the, the tip of a pencil. Yeah. It's like point something, something milligrams. It's, it's nothing. I'll give you, I ha I put this to big programming. I love doing this long form stuff and this is the only long form interview I'm gonna do. I hope, you know. Oh, thank you. I do one interview, I'm honored. I do one interview a month, one, and it's usually like a five minute TV thing just to keep abreast, right? And we do a lot of stuff on social media, but I've been looking forward to this for a long time.


Even when I was on the campaign, I was just, this is like the best way to get information out. So Fentanyl, right? Everybody's like, how do you attack fentanyl? How do you stop this stuff? Okay, yes, let's go after the gangs. Excuse me, the narco terrorists down in Mexico, a hundred percent. You gotta go after the cartels, the drug trafficking organizations. You gotta shore off the southern border. And the president has done an amazing job at both of those things. Made it a priority. So we have decreased the amount of fentanyl being moved around, let's say, right? But not necessarily coming into the United States. So where's the root of the problem? The CCP? So the fentanyl precursors, the stuff you need to make Fentanyl comes from mainland China.


That's it. Now I'm sure like 1% of it comes from somewhere else in the world, but that's where it comes. They've got hundreds of companies standing up in mainland China shipping this stuff out into the world. Now their cover is that fentanyl has, And it does have a legitimate lawful purpose in terms of an anesthetic or medical use for anesthesiology related stuff. Okay? So there's like a minimal use for it. And what the CCP has done is they've come out and said, this is like the biggest, like talk about the devil pulling the wool over the world's eyes. They're like, we don't make fentanyl. They're right. They don't, they just give you all the ingredients for it and ship it to Mexico.


And then what they did was to trick the world. They came out and said, Hey, we're gonna not sell precursor X. They're like, so now we're out of the fentanyl trade entirely. The problem is there's 14 other precursors you can use to make fentanyl, and they're still shipping all of those. So what we did when I got to the bureau is we stood up this massive enterprise to go after fentanyl precursor companies in mainland China. And they're probably not gonna like that. And what they're doing now, to get cute is they're shipping that stuff not straight to here. They're going to places like India and I'm also doing operations in India, and they're having the Mexican cartels now make this fentanyl down in Mexico still.


But you know, instead of going right up the southern border and into America, You know what they're doing? They're flying it into Vancouver. They're taking the precursors up to Canada, manufacturing it up there and doing their global distribution routes from up there. 'cause we were been so effective down south. Yeah, it's a, it's a, it's a huge lift, but part of it is Americans just don't understand the depth and depravity of Fentanyl. But what's worse is Fentanyl. You don't hear fentanyl deaths in China. You don't hear fentanyl deaths in India. You don't really hear fentanyl debts in England, Australia, New Zealand, our five eyes partners in Canada, the Chinese, in my opinion, the CCP have used it as a directed approach because we are their adversary and they don't like us and we don't like what they're doing when it comes to fentanyl.


And their long-term game is, is this, how do I, in my opinion, kneecap the United States of America, our largest adversary? Well, why don't we go and take out generations of young men and women who might grow up to serve in the United States military or become a cop, or become a teacher. And that's what they're doing. When you wipe out tens of thousands of Americans a year, it's a long term plan for them. Oh, That is such a dark, dark thing. It is. But we got, we got, we're on it. What else could be done like with the Chinese companies? I mean, has there ever been any negotiation with Xi Jinping with the United States or the like, where you could lighten up tariffs or do something and make some sort of a deal?


Or is it just so profitable for them that they're gonna do it no matter what? If they can, here's The thing, they're not making a ton of money off of it, right? So it's re


this episode is brought to you by Uber Eats Summer is here and you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but You can get chicken Parmesan delivered a day in the sun. No. A bottle of rum, yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that for almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol, you must be legal drinking age. Please enjoy responsibly product availability varies by Region C App for details.


This Episode is brought to you by Squarespace. Have you ever been shopping online? And the website just gave you the ick, let me tell you, that wouldn't happen if they used Squarespace. Squarespace Design Intelligence empowers anyone to build beautiful, more personalized websites tailored to your unique needs. And with Squarespace payments, it's super easy to manage payments with just a few clicks. Plus with Squarespace's integrated and optimized SEO tools, there's all the help you need to get people to your site. Head to Squarespace dot com slash Emma for a free trial and use code, Emma to save 10% on your first purchase.


Really just for That purpose, right? You could send fe, you could sell Fentanyl precursors, and unless you jacked up the price to exorbitant amounts of money, they're not making a ton of money. And so it's an all of government approach. So I'm working with guys like the Secretary of Treasury to do sanctions on some of these companies, right? Then I'm working with our Five Eyes partners and our five Eyes are the five English speaking countries in the world. You know, Canada, America, England, New Zealand, and Australia, right? We share intelligence, we share classified intelligence on this stuff. So I'm asking them, I said, Hey, it's not just affecting us. It will affect you and your population. The CCP just hasn't directed it at you yet. And they know that. And I said, guys, I need your help.


I'm looking at intelligence reporting that shows fentanyl precursors are now in your country. The fentanyl itself isn't being deployed into your country, but it's there being manufactured. And so I'm asking for their help to shut down those factories and production facilities. And I'm asking the Mexican government's help to come and say, Hey, your drug trafficking organizations are now exporting the manufacturing of fentanyl and getting creative in the ways in which they obtain fentanyl precursors. So they'll say, oh, we didn't get it from China, we got it from India, we got it from, you know, wherever. And they, it's too cute by a half. It's not like there's been a reduction in the amount of fentanyl precursors that mainland China produces.


What there has been a reduction in is, is President Trump's administration's aggressive approach to just crush the fentanyl trafficking. And unfortunately our adversaries adapt. We're so good down south on the border here and we're so good in Mexico that they're moving it elsewhere. Jesus. We're gonna get 'em, I promise you. I promise the president and the American people, we will not have kids dying of fentanyl overdoses in our streets. Just gimme a little bit more time. We have a massive operation going on around the world on this. Well that's great news. That's, it's great to hear. So the fe, the Fentanyl, a lot of it is, it's not just fentanyl overdoses, right?


It's it's opiate overdoses overall. How MA is a lot of it because people get hooked on pills and like, and then they want more and then they could buy black market pills and those are the ones that have fentanyl in it. Or is it Molly and things like that that have been laced with fentanyl? So man, great question. Nobody asks these questions. That's probably why your show's number one, they are so demonic in their ways. They're like, we'll make Fentanyl and people can go use fentanyl and get killed on fentanyl. Then what they do is they manufacture as part of this lift, they being the drug trafficking organizations, once they get the precursors from the ccp, they take their pill presses and they make fake oxycodone.


So like literally, I'm just giving you an example, make tens of thousands of pills of fakes, oxycodone, and we, we bust them for it. And in that fake pill is fentanyl. It's laced with fentanyl. That kills people. Then the drug trafficking organizations to make it appealing for the youth shape, this illicit narcotic in the form of like candy and gummy bears. So you hear about kids in New York who just by have happen to have like a trace amount touching it somewhere, also dying from it. So they have absolutely no rules or boundaries whatsoever when it comes to how they deploy fentanyl to get into our population. It could be through another drug, it could be through a synthetic, it could be through a fake drug, or it could be like, Hey, and we've seized it thousands of pounds of material that looks like candy.


Are they doing it specifically to try to get people to overdose on candy or are they selling this candy as a drug? They're selling it as a drug. Okay. And they're just saying it looks like candy. It just looks appealing to kids, right? Like so inner city youth, they're like, Hey, put a pill down on the table, put a gummy bear down on the table. You know, a younger person's gonna be like, oh, that's cool, let me try that. I mean, I can tell you stories from now until the entire show about high school kids on the verge of graduating and they went out and took a pill that they thought was, you know, an upper, but it happened to be laced with fentanyl. They died, their parents are calling, they're destroyed. And people are like, well we gotta go after the drug traffickers.


I'm like, we do and we are. But what My job is to educate the American public on the root cause of the fentanyl that is destroying our society. And it's the fentanyl precursors that I've asked. I literally just got off the phone with the Indian government. I said, I need your help. This stuff's coming into your country and then they're moving it from your country because India is not consuming fentanyl. They're not, no one's dying over there from Fentanyl, but I need you and your help. So my FBI's over there working with the heads of their government law enforcement authorities to say, we're gonna find these companies that buy it and we're gonna shut 'em down. We're gonna sanction them, we're gonna arrest them where we can. We're gonna indict 'em in America if we can.


We're gonna indict 'em in India. If we can start indicted in places like Canada and the UK and England and Australia, this is a global problem. And the reason it's gotten so bad is because nobody did anything for four years. You know, people are like, how do they stand this up? Well, if you give the CCP who has an endless amount of money to deploy in human capital, that's what happens. It metastasizes. Why didn't anybody do anything for four years? Have you been able to figure that out? Look to me, I'm a national security guy and anything that kills a hundred thousand people a year in national security crisis, right? It's what we call a tier one threat. And the last administration did not classify the drug trafficking enterprise as a prime threat against the American people.


And so what happens is you reorient the system of intelligence collection operations. I mean, I'm not making this up. They said climate change is our biggest priority. DEI is our biggest priority. I mean, you guys have heard this and you've had guests on that say it, but these are the ramifications in real life. I only have X amount of people that can target something, right? Same with the CIA, same with the DOD. But if the United States government and Uncle Sam and your commander in chief said, Hey, I need your X amount of people looking here. I can't clone that army to look back at Fentanyl, right? Plus we have to follow the chain of command. It's so crazy that they would say climate change and DEI were the priorities for the FBI.


Well, for the government. For The government, yeah. In total. So I'll give you a better example. So I was in the end of the last Trump administration, I was chief of staff of the Department of Defense, one of the greatest jobs at the time. I thought the greatest job I'd ever have. And when we left, we said, Hey, you know, Ron's a huge threat. We gotta never let up on the counter terrorism mission. We still have hostages out there, we gotta find and bring home. And the narcotics mission is a big priority. And we handed off our playbook and we said, look, this is not a political issue. This is protecting the American people and our allies. So we hope you guys continue this effort. So the DOD has this thing called conops concept of operations. The Department of Defense has 3 million employees. And a con op is how you move the machine of the Department of Defense.


Hey, we have a threat, Indo Paycom, how many carrier groups are we sending down there? We got a threat with government X. What are we doing operationally, kinetically? What are we doing? Intelligence collection. That's a con up. The first concept of operation that the Biden administration launched at the Department of Defense was on climate change. You can't make this shit up. What do you think that's all about? Like as an outsider, as someone like looking at it going, I just don't understand. Like, where's the profit in this? Like what, what is, what's the motive? Like what would incentivize all these people to get on board with it without someone logically stepping in and saying, Hey, this is not our top priority.


I think at it's, so that was something I tried to answer when I was outta government for the last four years before I took this job. And the answer laid in the first Trump term, we were doing things so effectively on national security that hadn't been done before in such speed and volume that the media hated us for it because the, the other party had tried to do it and failed. And So like what, what thing specifically? So when it comes to, okay, hostages, I can talk about that forever too. It used to be Counterterrorism was a big portfolio. I ran it for the White House and National Security Council in the first Trump administration.


We brought home, people don't know this. President Trump in his first term brought home and rescued over 50 hostage and detainees from around the world. That's more than every president before him combined. Wow. Did you hear about not a beep. The, the successes of reuniting families with lost loved ones from Africa and the Middle East or these operations that the president was courageous enough to green light to go into places like Afghanistan and do these hostage rescue ops and use Seal Team six and Delta, or take out guys like Baghdadi and Soleimani. President Trump's directive was simple. We are going to protect the homeland. We are not gonna endanger the lives of our armed forces and our intelligence community, but their job is to protect the homeland.


And he said, go. And we went. And I think there was such a resounding success that the media had such a hatred for President Trump and his administration. They just said, one, we're not gonna give you the credit. Two, we're gonna put out a ton of disinformation, which we can get into. And three, when they came time to transition governments from Trump to Biden, they just said, we're not gonna do, and this is my opinion, we're not gonna do any of the stuff that worked because then we'll have to attribute it to Trump's policies. So we're gonna Gopuff on our end. And I keep asking people to prove me wrong. Like tell me something you did in that administration that carried out the apolitical national security mission to a T, right?


I mean, you had the Secretary of Defense in the Biden administration go down, go to a hospital MIA literally AWOL and didn't tell the commander in chief and broke the National Command Authority. There was a reason, and I was a guy responsible for that nuclear football for a part of my time at the White House that, that thing, and there is an unbroken chain of command president of the United States as Secretary of Defense and the National Command Authority at all times. Because shit happens. And what if it had happened in that one or two weeks, the guy was in the hospital and maybe something didn't, we don't even know. Right? But no one, including the president, didn't know the Secretary of Defense was in the hospital.


I can't tell you how big of a cataclysmic failure for the national security mission that is. And what I tell people when they're like, ah, it's all right. It's not that big of a deal. What if he, Seth took a week out and said, I'm gonna the hospital. I'm not telling anyone. What do you think the media would do to that guy and Trump, if that were to happen now? Yeah, it would be catastrophic. Yeah. Yeah. So this person went to the hospital for what, what was the I keep losing my flame. Oh, you got The was in the lighter over there. I got it. Yeah, you got it. What was, what were they in the hospital for? So Secretary Austin was in the hospital for medical issues. And I'm not saying you shouldn't have right.


Treatment, but this should be someone else that's, There's a plan in place, right? The Deputy Secretary of Defense comes in, you know, every time a senior goes out, there is a con continuity of government plan in place. Oh, you're out for a weekend treatment. No problem. But, but they just hid All this, they hid it. That's, that's insane. And we broke it. We, we discovered it and we broke it. And it wasn't the only time he did it, it was the second time where the guy would end up doing it at another time. Why would they do that? Just to hide the fact that they're sick. Well, that I think is up for debate. Like people are old and they get sick, like no big deal. Right? You know, everybody needs treatment, everybody's gotta go to Walter Reed Or whatever. But do you think that he thought it would hurt him politically if he looked weak?


I'm not, yeah. I Don't know. Speculation. Yeah. I don't know if I can answer that right. I just, and and the secretary at the time, secretary Lloyd Austin was like a 45 year military man. It's not like this was new to him, right? He'd been doing it his whole life. Next man up. You know? So He had made a decision to try to keep it private Intentionally. And he would come out later to say, well, oh, I just wanted to keep it private. And I said, Hey man, your life when you're the Secretary of Defense, director of the F fbi, I, director of CIA, it ain't about being private. That's gone. You signed up to serve the mission. And when you do that knowingly, you have literally violated the National Command Authority. Wow. So you were saying there's a bunch of misinformation that was put out?


Yeah. Or disinformation. Like what was that? Ooh, pick your, so my thing is, all roads lead to Russiagate. Right? Right. That's where it all started. I was a coming out of my tour at O as a civilian and, and DOJ and I would end up going to Congress to run this thing called Russiagate, which at the time no one knew anything. It was just a whatever. And then it became what it became. And I would be the guy, the lead investigator on the hill who said, Hey man, look, they lied in the FIS application. Let me give you Russiagate in 90 seconds, okay? Could you imagine a time in the United States of America in the 21st century where a political party would go overseas and acquire fake foreign intelligence from a foreign intelligence officer funded by donations to that political party in the United States of America?


Then take that material package it, walk it to the FBI literally, and say, Hey, we need you to surveil the opponent of our political party who happens to be running for the president of the United States. Then convince the FBI to go into a secret federal FISA court that I used to use to manhunt terrorist and say, Hey, I need you to wiretap essentially all the comms in and around Trump camp because of the material we gave you. And then have that FBI lie to the federal court and the judge in that warrant application, which is a felony, and intentionally remove information of innocence from that application just to get it above the threshold so the judge would sign it.


That's Russiagate. That's what they did. And you remember the years and years of reporting surrounding Russiagate, the FB I would never lie, they would never do that. The leadership there is above reproach, James Comey, Andy McCabe, Peter str, the list goes on. We caught him red-handed, we caught him. You've seen the text message, you've seen the documentation, you've seen the reports. But when I did that, when I exposed that initially as a staffer on the hill, Adam Schiff comes out and has his cronies leak to the world that I am acting as, as a genocidal dictator. There was actually an article that called me Genocidal. Hang On, it gets better dictator. Yeah, no, it gets better.


How do you get To be a dictator? I don't know. Genocidal one, let alone, right? Like, you know, it's, it's a twofer. That's his words don't even mean anything anymore. No. He literally, there's an article out there that they called me Tomata, the guy from the Spanish Inquisition, Jesus Christ. And I was a staffer. So the rule was you can ding elected representatives all you want in the media. You don't touch staffers. They didn't care because they knew what I had unearth was the biggest political criminal scheme ever perpetrated by portions of the FBI leadership and other people in the intelligence community in Coordination with the media In coordination. And that's Who could have investigated it. But hang on, that's the kicker.


Yeah. So what people don't know about Russiagate that weren't paying attention was that warrant that initially kicked off the FISA surveillance on the Trump campaign writ large, was substantiated by FBI. Leaks to the media to, of the articles cited in that warrant from, I think Mother Jones and Yahoo News were leaks of information from the same leadership at the FBI, Peter Straka, Andy McCabe, James Cumming company. And then they in the application would be like, Hey, it's not just us saying that Trump's a Russian asset, right? Look at this article, Mr. Judge on the federal FISA court.


And they included it in that application. So this was a coordinated conspiracy to take down your political opponent by weaponizing government. And now I say that now in 2025, what? I said that in 2017, whatever it was, people were like, you're outta your f-ing mine. And I was like, look man, I'm just showing you the facts. I'm not making this up. I'm showing you the application, I'm showing you the documentation. And that's when they came after me. And it hasn't stopped ever since. But the, the damage they did, they, the media and the people that wanted to take out Trump, and I didn't care what you thought about. And remember back then, I hadn't met Trump, never spoken to him, didn't know him.


I took that job at Congress on one condition. I said, whatever we find we're putting out, I'd been in for 16 years at that point. Democrats, Republicans, I was a national security guy, Intel guy. That's what I wanted to do. Chase terrorists, chase bad guys, bring hostages home and help protect the homeland. And I said, I didn't know if Trump did this. I didn't know if he was colluding with whoever. I didn't know it would turn out like this, that they would actually manufacture and make it up. But half of America to this day, still believes the narrative that the CNNs of the world pushed for five years. And if you look on their shows now, Russiagate keeps coming back up because we keep exposing the documents that showed how bad these guys were.


And most Americans like, no, no. They're already convinced. So in order to fix that disease temple, it is just that much harder of a lift for me to go back into the FBI, we're gonna get it done. But it takes so much more communication and so much more energy to get after the American people and say, you were lied to. Because that's the hardest thing I think people can ever admit to themselves. Right? You were lied to. I went out for years and created a lifecycle out of this lie of Russiagate. I went on tv, I made money, I wrote books, I sold political advertisements based on it. I, I educated my children based on it because I thought it was the truth.


And some of them have come back and said, yeah, we got it wrong. But most haven't. And that's the disinformation seed in my opinion. That started it all. And then you could talk about things like January 6th or, you know, pick your poison rescuing hostage or what have you. The media just never got on board. They kneecap Trump from the beginning by participating in the Russiagate collusion conspiracy with the FBI. It's so crazy that someone could do something like that. And a whole enormous group of people could do something like that with no repercussions. And to be able to operate And, you know, say they're the trusted source in news. And you were a part of something that was one of the biggest scandals in political history, but just because of, because it's targeted towards Trump, people looked the other way.


Like if that was targeted towards Obama, could you imagine how psychotic the response would be? People would be up in arms and furious, but the same people that would be up in arms and furious if someone who tried to do that for Obama are completely silent if it's happening to Trump. Yeah, Just think about it. What if me as the FBI director and the Trump administration, right, during a presidential cycle, went out there and said, Hey, Republican National Committee, do you guys have dirt on whoever's running for the Democratic nomination to be president of the United States? If you don't, can you go overseas and pay a foreign national who used to be an m my sixth guy, get me some bogus intel. Then I, as the FBI director will authorize the warrant, I'll leak to the media while I'm doing it, take their articles, put it in that warrant, and then go surveil the opponent so he doesn't get elected.


I would be in prison. That's so, which I should be for doing anything. Like, that's so crazy. And that's what people want accountability for. And that's what you ask me at the beginning of the show. You know, what's the hardest part? Am like, Hey, I'm the guy that is exposing and giving you the accountability from 2017 onwards, but I wasn't the guy in charge of putting people in prison and arresting them for this conduct. And so the other education campaign I have to go on is there's this thing called the statute of limitations. I can't prosecute people for their crimes in the past that the statute of limitations has run. And I'll give you a great example that goes right back to Russiagate. So one of the big systems I've created, maybe because of my time in Russiagate, is I'm committed to congressional oversight.


I'm committed to giving Congress the documents they need to do their work and give 'em to the American people. Unredacted, no classification bs you want it, you get it. So we, we just think about this, me as the director of the FBI, the former Russiagate guy, when I first got to the bureau, found a room that Comey and others hid from the world in the Hoover building full of documents in computer hard drives that no one had ever seen or heard of. Locked the key and hi access and just said, no one's ever gonna find this place. What?


Yeah. So my guys are going through that right now. What's in there? A lot of stuff. I mean, that's the thing. People are like, well, okay, go arrest him. And I'm like, okay, well how about you let me run a methodical investigation while I give over information. One of the things we gave over before this, the the room deal was, I don't know if you remember who Nelly Orr is, it doesn't really matter. Nelly Orr's husband, Bruce Orr was like the number four at the Department of Justice. And he was the one who introduced the world of Christopher Steele, the guy that started Russiagate. Well, the entire time her husband was doing that at DOJ, she, Nelly Orr was working on an outside contract to dig up dirt on Donald Trump. So she goes to the hill and testifies as a result of our investigation, right under oath.


She said, I never worked. And I'm paraphrasing, I never worked with my husband on any of that. I would never do that. What did Grassley put out just yesterday, two days ago, the Nelly or documentation that the FBI hid to the world that we gave them, where Nelly or is caught red handed providing information to her husband, thumb drives related to Trump, Russia collusion directly proving that Nelly or lied to Congress, felony camp prosecutor statute of limitations is gone. That's just one example. Wow. What a dirty business. Yeah. I hate it. Politics is just, it is just the dirtiest and in this age of transparency because of, you know, the internet and social media and independent news, like everybody knows about it now.


Like if this, if, if CNN And, you know, and all these left wing news sources, M-S-N-B-C And it was only Fox on the right and that was all we had, and we had no internet, yeah, all this would be completely secret. No one would've known the, the Russiagate collusion that, that, all that stuff would be, people would really think it's a true story. It would probably take decades before someone wrote a book where people started to really take it seriously and really realize that there was something fucked up about it. Yeah. I'm not allowed to plug my book, so I won't, but I did write a book about that. You can Plug your book. Why can't you plug your book? I Think there's some rules on it about government. I Can plug your book. What's your book? Give it to me. Here you go. Ah, this one's for you Anyway.


Government gangsters Best Sell. Oh, government Gangsters by Kash Patel. Go buy it. Plugged. You didn't plug it. I did. I love it. The Did you do the audio? Yeah, you've read it. Oh, I, I got somebody to, to do it. I, my voice is not for radio or tv. Oh, come On man. You got a great voice. Ah, I appreciate that. It's, it's taken time and a lot of cigars to get to hear. It would be good for you to read it. They should let you read It. Well, I mean, what's in the, but the reason I wrote it is one, I never thought I was going back into a government service. And two, part of the job to completing the mission was exposing what people didn't ever think could happen in the United States of America. And it was not just disinformation misinformation, but your government and leaders in government weaponizing it for political purposes.


Not just FBI and DOJ, but others in the ic. And what it shows you is the back end of that too. The rewards, right? The guys that wrapping it back up or reversing it back up, the guys that were in charge of Russiagate at the FBI, Andy McCabe, right? Remember what this guy did? Andy McCabe agreed to set in motion a plan with the Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein at the time, to have him wear a wire into the Oval Office to record President Trump. That those documents we found, we released him. Whoa, put that aside. While Andy McKay was in charge of the Trump Russia gate collusion investigation.


His wife was running for political office in the state of Virginia. Do you know who's funding her campaign for political office tune $600,000 Hillary Clinton World, who happened to be running against Donald Trump? Do You know what Andy McCabe did? He leaked information about the Clinton investigation to the media unlawfully as the deputy director of the FBI got caught by us, then lied about it to federal authorities. And that's the reason Andy McKay was dismissed. Do You know what the Biden administration did? They allowed him to retire out of the FBI with full benefits.


Wow. He got rewarded. Do You know what he does? Now? He's on CNN, you know, who's also on CNN? Peter str, the head of the counter intelligence unit that had that affair with Lisa Page, who basically put out those text messages, who is running that investigation with Andy McCabe and said, Trump people smell and Walmart and we're never gonna let him win. I have an insurance policy that guy's on CNN. So they get rewarded for putting on this disinformation campaign, for this illegal activity because the media will never correct, or some portion of the media will never correct the record. Remember these guys got Pulitzers, New York Times, same thing. These guys got the biggest award in journalism. They were proven wrong. Not by me, by the own evidence created by, you know how I caught these guys because these guys were so arrogant, they would write everything down and I found the documents.


Why would they write everything Down? They're so arrogant, they think no one's gonna catch us. I'm gonna write everything down. We're gonna put it in a lockbox, we're gonna put it in a vault and no one's gonna find it. Well, You know what? I found the vault and now I'm going to work. Wow. Now, is there a statute of limitations on those crimes? So generally, the statute of limitations on crimes for process crimes that we call 'em, it's five years. But if you can time to an overarching conspiracy, there is no statute of limitations. So if there was more egregious conduct that no one knew about before that we are just finding and we are investigating, then we'll have to re-look at it. The one thing we will do is put out all that information to the American public once we actually get through it and we'll give it to Congress.


And if we can work with our partners at DOJ to come up with a prosecution, that'll be their decision. We'll, we'll do it. The disturbing thing about all this to me is how people on the left are willing to look the other way because this is a, just a dangerous precedent. If, if the federal government is doing this and they're doing this to someone who you consider an enemy, what's to stop this from doing the against your candidate? Like this is an unprecedented behavior that's tolerated and coordinated with the media. Like that's dangerous. Yeah. For the country it's d but people are so ideologically captured. They're so, they're so locked into their party and by any means necessary, we gotta get Trump out.


And they push that narrative so hard that they're willing to do a very un-American thing. Yeah. And my goal now that I'm back in government is to make sure this doesn't happen again. Ever. That's the goal. How can you do that? How can you make sure it doesn't happen again? Ever Exposing it all? And I know there are people, and look, people keep calling me and saying, when are you gonna arrest everybody? When are you gonna go out there and arrest everybody That did everything to Donald Trump. I was like, first of all, you guys were barking at people who were in the seat before me to do that. And they didn't. They failed. The difference between me and that guy is one, I'm the guy that exposed it. Two, I didn't tell you this.


I was the guy they targeted. So while I was doing the Russiagate investigation, do You know what Trump's own DOJ, rod Rosenstein, the Deputy Attorney General Department of Justice, Christopher Ray, then director of the FBI did to me and a dozen other staffers who were working Russiagate, they subpoenaed all of our information while I was running the Russiagate investigation. We wouldn't find out for five years. You wanna know why? Because these guys were so vindictive. They went to the federal court and not only got a search warrant, they got a judge to say to all the telecom companies, Google, Facebook, everybody else, your banking companies, everybody, do not tell them for five years that we authorize this subpoena.


So I just found that out last year. Wow. This is how hard, this is what I'm trying to show. It's not a, a Republican and de or democratic thing, right? It's an all hands on approach to protect the leadership that was so corrupt to protect themselves and their actions and their friends. My mission is to educate the world that this happened. And as director of the FBI for a responsibility, I'm not just gonna bring a case because somebody hurt me. They did. And they continued to do it. Shit, my house just got swatted yesterday. What? Yeah, but You got swatted. Oh yeah. The head of the FBI gets swatted. Yeah, yeah.


These people play, it's, it's the ultimate height of hypocrisy. They have two sets of rules, one against you and one for them. And what I wanna do is lay out that entire body of work for the American people with Congress. And I'm doing it with guys like Grassley and Jordan and Kennedy and Rand Paul on COVID-19. And we could talk about the origins. We actually have some pretty cool developments on that front. And let the American people know that my mission has always been to put out the truth, whatever the consequences are, whoever it's against. Like I did when I signed up for Russiagate, if Donald Trump was a Russian asset and I proved it, I was telling the world that that's what matters.


And if we can hold people accountable in terms of indictments, then we'll work with our partners at DOJ. But what I'm asking people is, don't trust me. I don't care about that. Look at what I have done and what we have done. That's the guy that's now in charge of the FBI, his leadership team is in place. We've got great partners at DOJ. We're the ones working all in all this stuff. And, and look, let's just, let's just get to it because I know it's on people's minds. Epstein, right? The reason people are pissed off about that is the same, same thing, right? 20 years ago or whenever it was, 2000 6, 7, 8, Epstein gets his sweetheart plea deal, right? Right. After committing the most horrific client crimes on planet Earth.


Right? I wasn't in, I wasn't in power there, I wasn't in place there. I, you know, nothing to do with it. But people were rightfully pissed. I mean, this guy was committing the most grotesque ask acts you can against children. And the media spins up about it. Many in the media protected him. Why? Because of his relationships. Who he knew, who his bankers were, who his colleagues were, who was on the island and stuff like that. Some pretty powerful human beings. And so when you peel back the, the layer and then you, and then what happened? The Trump administration the last go round decided, no, no, we're not gonna let that go. We're gonna investigate him. Right? They charged him, they indict him. And he's awaiting trial.


And I've said it, Dan Bonino said it. We've reviewed all the information and the American public is gonna get as much as we can release. He killed himself. Do you think, let's play out the logical conclusion of this. Do you think that myself, Bonino and others would participate in hiding information about Epstein's grotesque activities? Or do you think we would also participate in not prosecuting people? We had evidence to prosecute people on, but the problem is there's been like 15 years of people coming in and creating fictions about this that doesn't exist. Where's the videotape of a Nipsey island of X, Y, and Z committing these frauds?


Why haven't you given it to us? Do you really think, I wouldn't give that to you if it existed. I'm working my ass off along with the leadership at the bureau in DOJ to get you what we're allowed to give you. And you're gonna get the video of the cell and you're gonna see for yourself. And we will never be able to convince everyone. Okay, let's, let's get into that. So what did you think before you got into office? Did you think that Epstein was murdered? No. No suspicion at all of it. But I have a different background, right? Right. So I was a public defender back in the day. I used to spend a lot of time in jails and a lot of time in segregated housing units, shoes, as we call 'em, right? And so, and I've known people that have committed suicide in these cells.


And I know how you get in, how you get out, who works the system. And so the way, based on public information at the time that he ended up the pictures and him hanging himself, I was like, man, that guy killed himself. It's, there's just no way that you could have run an op and had people go into that cell and not have any video of it and not have any people come out and say, Hey, yeah, I saw that guy. He shouldn't have been there. The guard or this guy. There's just no access points into places like this in the detention center he was in, which I've been in. So correct me if I'm wrong, but what I was told, what I'd read was that the guards were not paying attention or were sleeping Well.


Right? Yeah. And in short order you'll see it. Is that, is that correct? Well, it's hard to surmise that from a video. Right, right. Where they like, you know, and look, do guards doze off on the night shift. Yeah. But no one can get in to the cell. And if they had gotten into the cell, you would see it. But we were told that the cameras were down. Well, I don't know who said that, But that was, that was in the news. We are giving you all the footage we have. So why wasn't that released, like immediately? Why? Why did this speculation escalate? I think you'd have to ask who, whoever The attorney general back then was Bill Barr. Did you ever see, do you remember that HBO autopsy show Dr. Michael Badden.


He's a famous forensic. I Don't think I scientist. So he's a pathologist and he reviewed the case And it was his determination that it was a homicide because of the way his neck was broken. And what he said was, it was indicative of a ligature strangulation. And it was because of the positioning on the neck where the marks were that it wasn't indicative of someone hanging by their weight, which had been higher on the chin. And there's a specific break of the bones and the vertebrae that's consistent with someone who is just strangled to death. I, I haven't seen it. I'll definitely take a look at it. 'cause that's part of my job. You haven't seen that? The report on that?


Yeah. No, I haven't looked at that. Did you see any, did Was there any other autopsy done other than the official one? Not to my knowledge, but if there was, you'll get it. And that's what we're doing. See If you can find that doc, Dr. Michael Badden thing. Yeah. No. Did you remember that show? The HBO show? No. Pretty cool show. So this guy, Dr. Michael Badden, he had a long career of catching murders, you know, exhuming bodies, finding trace amounts of poisons, different kinds of things. And it was a crazy show. Like all these wild ways. Well, I love watching shows and I spent a lot of time on planes. Yeah. It was an old show. It was a show like from the early two thousands I believe. But this guy was like, you know, this very well-respected forensic scientist who would analyze these bodies And it was his determination that he was murdered.


Yeah. And my job going back to the core of what I've been doing since I stood Russiagate was to get, and is to get everybody the information. When did you get here? Epstein's autopsy points to homicide pathologists hired by brother claims New York City Medical Examiner strongly disputed the claim that the evidence from the autopsy suggested strangulation. So let's go to, by the way, this is the New York Times, and they never lie. The private pathologist, Dr. Michael Badden, said the morning TV show, Fox and Friends Mr. Epstein experienced a number of injuries among them, a broken bone in his neck that are extremely unusual in suicidal hangings and could occur much more commonly in homicidal strangulation.


I think the evidence points to homicide rather than suicides to Dr. Badden who observed the autopsy done by city officials. Dr. Badden, a former New York City medical examination and a Fox News contributor said, I have not seen in 50 years where that occurred. In suicidal hanging case findings by Dr. Badden were strongly disputed by the city's chief medical examiner, Dr. Barbara Sampson, who previously ruled that Mr. Epstein's death on August 10th in the Metropolitan Correctional Center was a suicide. I stand firmly, but behind our determination of the cause and manner of death. In this case, Dr. Sampson said the interview on Wednesday, she added in general fractures of the hyoid bone and cartilage can be seen in suicides and homicides.


The hyoid bone is near the Adams apple. Dr. Sampson also dismissed Dr. Batten's contention that the circumstances around Mr. Epstein's death suggested other people may have been involved. She said her office had done a complete investigation, taken into consideration, information gathered by law enforcement in the making, in making the determination. So this is a perfect example of going back to my public defender and prosecutor days. This is what we call a war of experts. You can always find someone right to come in and say the opposite. Right? And I used to do it all the time. I mean, I represented some of the worst humans that you can possibly imagine on earth. Literally the guys that were trafficking children from Mexico into America.


And you could put up a professional expert to say, and this is what's gonna go on forever. And my job is not the forever. My job is to get you absolutely everything that we can give you. And that's what we're gonna do. When did you become aware of this video that showed that no one had gone in and out of the cell Recently. So why was it recent though? I mean, if this death was, how long ago was this? Death? Two years. 2019 Couple. 2019. 2019. Oh really? Why? Time flies. So six years. Well, again, that's part of what I'm gonna try to answer for you, Jeffrey Epstein. J-L-C-C-T erased by technical errors.


Whoopsies. Yeah, But you see how anybody on the out outside, I mean this is like a perfect storm. Yeah. For some Can you pull that article up so we can read what it says? Jamie, us prosecutor said the jail mistakenly saved footage from the wrong cell. Sorry. Epstein had convicted sex offender first tried to kill himself in July last year and hang himself in jail. Hang on, hang on, Hang on, hang on, hang on. Yep. Reread that line That he first tried to kill himself in July of last year. Yeah. Yeah. How much of the American public do you think knows that? I didn't know that until right now. There you go. Maybe I heard it and forgot. Did you ever hear it, Jamie? Well, he was on, that's why he was on suicide watch, I think. Oh, okay. So a Guy hang himself in jail in August while serving trial on federal sex trafficking charges.


He pleaded not guilty to abusing dozens of girls, someone as young as 14. Yeah. Soon after Epstein's death in August two of the C CCC CCTV cameras outside his cell malfunction and were being examined by the FBI found semi-conscious in his prison cell with injuries on his neck on 25th of July after this incident, he is placed on suicide watch. I'm not saying every single camera in the place was working. I'm saying we've got footage and you're getting it, And it, then you can make up your own mind and Right. The theories can continue. But my job Is to give you the, so you became aware of this footage recently, The ones that we're looking at. Yeah. Right? Yeah. And so, but this is like an article from quite a while ago that was saying that the footage was mistakenly erased.


Look, I mean, it goes back to the same ask the people that were in power then. I mean, I get it, that you wanna hold me to account for their actions and No, I'm not saying not you, I'm not saying that. Not you the just the, the public in general. And that's okay. What's confusing to everybody today? First of all, it's very confusing because AI can kind of make anything, you know, it's, which has gotta be a bizarre position for you to be in. Yeah. When you're looking at videos, I mean, I've watched Viking videos, it looked real as fuck. You know, they just make Viking towns. I mean, it's really quite incredible what they're doing now. And it, it accelerates every month. I mean, I talked to Elon about it and he said, we're blown away. Literally every week. Every week there's some new breakthrough. We're like, wow, we didn't expect that.


Well, I,


We all know Americans are still recovering from years of surging prices. Now some in Congress wanna make cuts to Medicaid, a program that provides critical healthcare to 72 million struggling Americans, including veterans, people with disabilities, kids and your friends and neighbors. 40% of American births are covered by Medicaid. And Medicaid covers healthcare costs for a third of children with cancer. Working families rely on this program. It has 77% support. Nearly nine in 10 Americans oppose Medicaid cuts. Did you know that 12 million Medicaid families live in rural communities? Many of these people voted for President Trump, but they didn't vote for this. If Congress cuts Medicaid, a lot of rural hospitals could close and a lot of rural families will be hurt. No matter how you look at it. Cutting Medicaid just doesn't make sense. Tell Congress not to cut Medicaid. Our health and our communities depend on it. Paid for by the coalition to strengthen. America's healthcare


Is a sequel better than the original. We're gonna find out at UF C3 16. It is a rematch. Nine months in the making. Get in on all the action at Draftking Sports book, the official sports betting partner, the UFC. It's a huge night of fights. Headline by a rematch between Rab, dwa, Willie, and Suha O'Malley. As O'Malley looks to avenge the unanimous decision that saw Dwa Willie take the Bantamweight title back in September. First time betting on UFC at DraftKings. It's easier than you think. Just pick something simple like a fighter to win and make your pick. That's all there is to it. And if you're new to DraftKings, here's your shot at cashing in right now. New customers bet $5 to get $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins, you have C3 16 and DraftKings one night only for a shot to win some cash. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app now and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. If you or somebody you know has a gambling problem, call the Virginia problem Gambling helpline at 8 8 8 5 3 2 3521 and over Virginia only eligibility restrictions apply. BET must win to receive reward minimum minus 500 odds required. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


I can tell you after having looked at it, this ain't gonna be ai. You don't think so? You're gonna, It's, it's just not great. You know, it's like if it were ai, like someone wanted to come in and make it, they'd make it better. But why would you make it better when people could, you know, you could have ambiguous footage that is, you know, totally generated by ai. I mean, AI can generate blurry images. Sure. AI can generate night vision. AI can generate essentially anything that's already existed. Like really shitty 1984 VHS tapes. Yeah, they can do that. They Can, but I'm telling you, I'm giving you the tape from the tape. You know, there's just like, I'm giving you the documents from the vault, just like I'm giving you information to Congress on COVID origins or what have you.


What we find is what you're getting. Okay, so now it's say in 2019, missing jail video from the first Jeffrey Epstein. So for the first attempt has been found. So maybe let's put it into perspective. Jails are not the most efficient, best run places. It's not like Fort Knox. Yeah, no, it's Not. It's, yeah. You know, we're working with what we got. Right? So, and listen, this guy's not the only guy to kill himself in prison. It happens. I know how often Right? All the time. Even if he killed himself in prison. So if he, if he was murdered in prison. Crazy. Right? Yeah. You could see why very powerful people wouldn't want talk To him if he was murdered in segregated housing, in isolation after being on suicide watch in a place in a detention center that I've physically been in myself.


It would be fiction. It's just in, in my experience, that is not doable. It's not doable even for the most powerful and wealthiest people in the world. Yeah. Wouldn't you think though, that like, if, if someone was in a position where a guy could release information that could potentially damage the most wealthy people on earth, you would have a concerted effort that's unprecedented. Sure. You'd have the resources that we couldn't even possibly comprehend, all pointing towards eliminating this one person that it could be done. But I mean, so many people have been implicated, right?


Already. And some of that information, what they did to Prince Andrew and everybody else is already out there. And so that's the conspiracy stuff that me and Bonino and the folks have to say, look, we will give you everything we can and then we will have done our job. Also, if I had a shred, me Kash Patel had a shred of evidence. The Russiagate guy, the Jan six guy, the COVID origins guy, had a shred of evidence that this guy was murdered. I would be the first guy to bring this case hard and fast, and I would do even doing press conferences every week on it. The first guy. That's what I'm asking people to play out to their logical conclusion.


I'm not Comey, I'm not McCabe, I'm not the guy that was in the seat before. I have a wildly different background. I've been putting out the truth my entire career. Why would I risk all of it on this guy? I believe you can cast the letter. Oh, I, I believe you. I just think that, you know, the problem is we've been fuming on this conspiracy for so long. Yeah. And it, we love conspiracies, don't we? It's good as a country. There's so Much. It's good. I mean, you know, they make TV JFK tapes come on. Like release the documents. We all love them. We love him. We love UFO ones. We love everything. We love the craziest conspiracies. They're exciting. We don't want to hear they're that he tried to kill himself in July and then succeeded in August.


And look, I could imagine why the guy wanted to kill himself. He was going to jail for the rest of his fucking life. And in jail, sex offenders for children are not treated well. Hey. And also by the way, most Americans haven't, nor should they, have you ever spent one minute in segregated housing? No. It's the worst. The absolute worst. Like you and your background, you could probably handle it. Right? Like, you know, just in all reality, most Americans, you put them in there for five seconds, they're gonna slam their head against the wall. Yeah. Literally. They're gonna lose their mind. Yeah. Immediately. Yeah. It's that bad. I'm sure. I could only imagine, and I could only imagine this guy knowing that it's over. And what do you want to do?


You want to, yeah. And then, I mean, who knows who the fuck he's working for? Let's just put that aside. Now. If you're working for, let's just, we don't have to name names. We, we, we don't have to speculate. If he's working for some agency, some group, some foreign group, and they decide to target his family because he look, he's gonna jail for the rest of his life anyway. They decide to target his family. Yeah. If he testifies against them, I could see where I, if I thought that it was like, I'm gonna be in jail for the rest of my life, or I tell, and my family winds up being killed or, or destroyed. Yeah. Or who knows?


Maybe you'd say, look, the honorable thing is to end it in prison. Honorable cowardly thing. Cowardly Whatever it is. Like you just Decide. Also, at some point, that guy was going back into gen pop. And the one thing I'll tell you about prison systems is the, the people they eat are child predators. Yes. Well done. And he was gonna get eaten Well known. Yeah. And they probably wouldn't have protected him. Yeah. So the narrative has always been that there's video. Now what is the chain of custody do? Is there evidence that there is video? Is there evidence that it was moved around, stored, protected from people looking at it like, You're gonna get all that information.


Like that's literally what we're putting together. And we're gonna give you every single thing we have and can. And that's the whole point. We can't fill gaps by making stuff up and we're not gonna do that. And You have to be methodical. And we have to be, that's the other thing, right? We're reviewing not just the video, we're reviewing ev you know, everything as meticulously as we can because that's what we owe the American people. That's our job. And we don't wanna rush to the sticks or the podium and just say, Hey, look what we found. Right. And then be like, oh, sorry, I, I forgot the four seconds. You know, if we missed four seconds, they're be like, oh, well it's in the four seconds you missed. Right.


So I I'm, I'm pretty How much can you talk about what you've seen? Not yet. Just, just what I've Told you. Can you say you've seen anything? No, that's the point. That there's nothing in there. Like in the video, you, you guys would be bored. You talking about the video of the murder? Yeah. Or the The suicide. The suicide. But what about the video of from the island? Oh, that's d sorry. So you're talking about two different things. Yes. Sorry. So yeah. So again, we're gonna give you everything we can and people have to remember, we're not gonna revictimize women. We're not gonna put that shit back out there. It's not happening. 'cause then he wins not doing it. You wanna hate me for it?


Fine. Again, logical playout. If there was a video of some guy or gal committing felonies on an island and I'm in charge, don't you think you'd see it? If you have access to it? If I have it, period. If I have it. If I have it. So Where else would it be, Right? If you have it Right, but you can't say that you have it. No, we're giving you everything we have So far, Everything we have so far is the, Have you guys gone over all the video that's available? Yeah. That's what I'm telling you. That's what takes so much damn time. Right.


And, And is there video from the island Not of what you want. The, the people out there have filled the void with can't wait to see X, Y, or Z. Right. Speculation. And I'm like, here's the other thing I've been asking for. Right. Openly, if you have information on this, call us. Tell us. The best resource we have is the American people in the world. Right. Get me the tail numbers, get me the flight, you know, get me new information and I will run that down. So this narrative might not be accurate that there's video of these guys doing this. Exactly. Is it possible that the video was taken and destroyed?


Well, you're talking about what decades worth of stuff, right? Remember we have what we have pursuant to lawful search warrants and authorities from the case that was done however many years ago it was done. That's what we have. If other people have other stuff and they wanna give it to us, bring it. Have you guys reviewed everything that you have? Almost like we're, that's, I mean, yes we have, and now we're figuring out how to Right. Put It out. Now, I understand that you would never re-victimize these women and show this footage, but is there footage Outside of, the only thing I can say right now is I, if there was ever, if there was footage of anyone doing anything else, we would've opened a case.


Is it possible that there was footage that you just will never have access to because they've already gotten Rid of it? Well, I mean, anything's Possible, right? Well, there was was a long time, right? Yeah. Between the time when it was clear that Kamala lost the election and that Trump won. Yeah. I mean, I gotta Hear before he got into office, I gotta here a hundred days ago. Literally. So. Right. Exactly. It's just kind of crazy, you Know? So I'm, I'm doing what I can and, and that's this type of stuff like, you know, and I'm happy to, to talk about it and bring it up, but what I, what I'm trying to achieve at the Bureau is not only are we doing what's of public interest, what's of great public interest. Our biggest job, our biggest job is to defend the homeland and stop kids from dying.


That's my, well that's my biggest job and that's what I'm focused on. And I think we can do all of those things and we're doing 'em really well. And I think if you give us just like another a hundred days, it's not a lot of time. I been literally, I just hit my a hundred day mark like two days ago. Right. You're gonna see a ton of stuff. You're already seeing it. We, we just hit the, we just rolled out the Catholic memo. The truth about that, What is that? The last administration, the FBI wrote a memo targeting Catholics. Remember the Richmond Catholic memo? I Don't remember that. Okay. So basically they, there was a write-up from the FBI relying on the Southern Poverty Law Center, which is like the modern day fusion, GPS, and basically said Catholics should be targeted as domestic terrorists.


Yeah. So then Chris Ray, the former FBI director went to Capitol Hill and testified about it. And the Congress was like, wait a second, is this real? Is it predicated on actual fact? And how, how wide is it? Is it one office? Is it all these people across the country are Catholics being targeted as domestic terrorists? And what ended up happening was Ray said, oh, it's just one office, one memo, and nothing to see here. Well, what we just roll out again to Congress this week, to Chuck Grassley who put it out was that, in fact it was multiple offices, multiple memos that were weaponizing law enforcement to target a religious group during an election cycle.


And we proved it. And now everybody has read it. Why? Why were they targeting the Catholics? I don't know. You'd have to ask the people that got here before I did. Did you have any suspicion of what kind of motivation they would have to, to do that? I think when you use, it goes back to Russiagate. If you're willing to use Mickey Mouse journalism, if you're willing to use the Fusion GPSs and Christopher Steels of the world, like the leadership at the F fbi, I then did, then it has a chance to replicate itself. And that's what happened. I don't know if you know anything about the Southern Poverty Law Center. Yeah. But it's, they literally are the ones that sent information to the F FBI and the F FBI said, oh, we'll write a memo. And so that's the type of work that I think gives credibility back to the bureau, us exposing it, us giving Congress the truth.


Congress coming back in and saying, Hey, you actually didn't give us the Heisman, you gave us the documents we gave them to the American people. And if there are criminal referrals to come out of that, then let's do that. I mean, we just had a great breakthrough this week on Fauci. So Senator Rand Paul, Senator Kennedy, and I hate naming names because I always forget, people are doing a great job with us on COVID origins and, and we've got multiple investigations open on that. But they had always been looking for FCIs original phone and, or not original, but phones and devices he used while he was fauci back in Trump, one during COVID.


And nobody had found it till two days ago. Really? Yeah. Now look, your audience and everybody listening to it is not, shouldn't jump to the conclusion everything's in there. We'll look at it, we'll pull it, we'll rip it as we say. And maybe it's deleted, maybe it's not. But at least we've found it. And at least now we can tell the American people we've been looking because it is of public importance to figure out did that guy lie? Did he intentionally mislead the world and cause countless deaths? We owe those answers to the American people. And the best evidence ever is always the people's evidence who created it. And so now we're gonna go and exploit those hard drives. But I think a victory for the American people that we broke with Congress is that we did find it.


We're not done. We're still looking and we're on the case. So whether it's Richmond Catholic memo, whether it's fauci, COVID, origins, whatever becomes of rape, russiagate, crossfire, hurricane, whatever becomes of great public importance, that's a big part of what we do at the FBI too. The crossfire. Hurricane one is bananas. Well, that's all rush again. Yeah, it's completely nuts. I mean You can, it's all we can do Three days on that. I mean, I'm, that's like I spent, Yeah, it's bananas. I mean it's, I mean there's so many things in the past that you, you get like, like the operation fast and furious. Yeah. The guns Insane. Which led to the death of American lives Of a federal agent. Yeah, yeah.


You, you know, and there's just things that like I see that you would think I would have more uproar even as, as much time I've been doing this that don't, and things that wouldn't have that in my mind would be like, no one's gonna pay attention. And people are like, oh my God. And so that's part of the learning curve for me too. You know, like trying to figure out what the balance is. You know, should I be given this so much attention, so much resources, but then when I have to call a parent because their kid's dead from fentanyl, or when I have to call a cop's family and I call every single line of duty death that we have in this country, I call everyone's chief and I call their families. And I'm glad that the numbers are going down in terms of how many have been killed this year versus last year. How much have the numbers gone down By over 15% so far.


But I wanna be at zero, you know, that's where my focus needs to be. 15% in a hundred days. Yeah. Still, You know, pretty good. Give or take a couple of points. Yeah. And that's where my focus, that's where the FBI's focus needs to be. I, these guys are on the line. We're doing all these raids across the country and Homeland security task force we're, we just hit a 10,000 mark. We just, we just arrested over 10,000 people in the a hundred and change days that we've been doing this with DHS huge, right. On illegals and, and whatnot. We also just like, this is great. This, this piece of information has actually made me happy. We are on track to have the lowest homicide rate ever murder rate, excuse me, murder rate ever In the country.


Yeah. Really we are already, and look, we got six more months to go. So we're not done yet for the year, but we're already down 20% from last year. And we broke it this week that right now the murder rate, if we, the FBI and our government partners achieve the mission, we'll give the American people the lowest murder rate in decades. That's incredible. And that's what I'm focused on. So What, what steps have been made to do that? Like what, how did that become real? So I think, and I, and I've worked with cops and law enforcement a lot in the past, and you have too. They're, they're awesome. They, all they wanted to do was do the work. Once President Trump got elected before he even got the nomination right.


And excuse me, when I was traveling country with, with him before him before that, they were like, we take the handcuffs off off of us, let us go do our jobs. And that's where I came up with let good cops be cops. I said, if I'm gonna get this job, that's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna let you, the agents, the police officers, the sheriffs, go out there and do the work you so badly wanna do, and I'm gonna give you the resources you need to do it. And I'm gonna take away the politicization and weaponization saying, oh, we can't target this group or this thing or this area. And that's it. That's what we've done. Everywhere I go, I, I speak to cops across this country constantly. And it's a humbling message that I receive back every time I talk to 'em, they're like, and it's not me, it's the president's administration and our entire government that's doing it.


They're like, thank you for letting us do the work. We wanna chase child predators. We wanna bust up MS 13. I mean, look at the victories we've had for the American people in the first two months. The FBI arrested three, not one not to, but three of the world's most top 10 wanted fugitives. Three, one of them happened to be the guy that was the Abbey Gate Bomber. What was the Abbey Gate Bomber? The terrorist that blew up 13 US soldiers in the Afghan withdrawal. Oh, I did it with my interagency partners in a week. In a week. We found that guy went to Pakistan, brought him back here.


Now there's others responsible for it. And we're, we're chasing them down too. But the question the American people should be asking is why didn't the prior administration putting aside the disastrous withdrawal from Afghanistan, a plan that they completely politicized, we handed off them a proper way to do it and methodical way to do it. And they just said, f you we're doing it this way and you saw the videos and you saw people plunging from our, from our aircraft and you saw Abby Gate and 13 Americans dead. Why didn't anyone go get justice for those families? Well, that's the priority that the president said, we're gonna go find him. And we let good cops be cops. We let federal agents be agents. We let our intel community focus intelligence collection on terrorists, and we went and got that guy.


It's so hard to believe that it's really that simple, that it's just they weren't given the resources and they weren't given the support to let cops be cops and that they could have done this all along. I don't know if that's the only answer. I'm just telling you what I'm doing and I think we're seeing some results. I appreciate that. But as a person, again, who loves conspiracies, you know, you look at that and you're like, what would be the benefit of not letting cops be cops? Why would you want more crime? Why would you want more murders? Why would you not want to arrest bad guys?


This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. Summer is here at last. That means it's time to go enjoy that vacation you've been planning for months, but before you hop on a plane or hit the beach, make sure everything is taken care of at your job. Nobody wants to work on vacation. If you're hiring, there's a fast and easy way to stay on top of things. Zip Intro. It's ZipRecruiter's newest feature that helps you find and meet qualified candidates in a matter of days. And more importantly, you can try it for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan with zip intro. When you post your job, it'll immediately find and schedule interviews with top talent. You could be talking with people the very next day. All you have to do is pick a time and to really speed things up, you can schedule back to back. Video calls, make the most of your summer. Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with zip intro only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro, post jobs today, talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. Some things take time hunting, developing healthy habits, gardening, you have to wait months for a decent crop, but it's rewarding to see all your hard work and patience come to fruition. On the other hand, there are some things you just can't sleep on, like your personal safety. And did you know, most home security systems don't take action until it's too late. That's why I like SimpliSafe. They're on top of things, helping you stop break-ins before they happen, not after the use of combination of live monitoring agents and AI powered cameras to keep an eye on your property and deter suspicious people. And you can use it to keep an eye on your garden that you've spent so much time and money on. Speaking of, that's another great thing about SimpliSafe the pricing. They have plans that started around a dollar a day with no hidden fees. What you see is what you get. There's a reason why millions of Americans continue to trust and use SimpliSafe. Don't wait. Get 50% off your new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and your first month free at simplisafe.com/rogan. That's simplisafe.com/rogan for 50% off in your first month free. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Well, you have to look at the landscape of the last, I don't know, four, eight, twelve years call it. Right? It was an intentional decision. And this isn't politics. It was just an intentional decision to say we're gonna let all these people into our country and let 'em stay. The result of that is, you know, this is another part of the lift that we're doing at the bureau. We call 'em KSDs known or suspected terrorists. They get pinged at the border, the northern border and the southern border. And then the last administration said, you guys can come in. And then one of the most terrifying things I heard was my predecessor, Christopher Ray, went to Congress a year or two ago and said, well, the last year's annual statistics for known KSDs was a few dozen and we don't know where they are in America.


What do you mean you don't know where they are? How is that not a national security crisis? And so what we're doing while we're doing these raids and chasing down illegals is trying to target those with terrorist affiliations. Those who are terrorists, those are in our homeland because the last administration let them be here. And that's, you can say, I'm being political, I don't really care. But that's me being the FBI director and saying, Americans come first and we're protecting our own and we're chasing them down. And DHS is doing a great job and, and so is our intelligence community. And so are the local police departments who are now working with us and not living in sanctuary cities and allowing police stations to be burnt to the ground working with us and not having law enforcement attacked constantly for just doing the job of protecting the American people.


I think that's a tectonic shift in the mentality of what this administration has brought in. Now people are still vilifying us for doing that. How dare you separate families, they'll say, and I'm like, how dare you separate a mom from a kid on a fentanyl overdose? How dare you separate an American soldier's mom or dad from the guy that got blown up at Abbey Gate? I have different priorities, I have a different view of it. And so that's the ethos I'm bringing to the bureau. I appreciate everything you guys are doing. I just, I I'm baffled to try to come up with any kind of an explanation why anybody would let known or suspected terrorists into the country and just let 'em loose.


I mean, when, when you, I mean I know you can't speculate, but when you take office and you realize all this is going on, like what, what is going through your mind? Like how are you processing this? Like is this pure incompetence? Is this malice? Is this, is this a foolhardy adherence to ideology and just to completely ignore the danger that they're putting the American people in by doing this? It's, I think it, no, it's intentional. The intentional decision was when you're going to let in, what is it, 9 million people, A lot of them are gonna be criminals.


A lot of them are gonna be TDA, you saw what they did in Colorado. A lot of them are gonna be MS 13. A lot of them are gonna be narco traffickers, which when you enter, when you allow narco traffickers in the country, you're automatically bringing sex traits, trafficking, human trafficking and drug trafficking automatically. And the drug traffickers have partnered with the terrorist organizations in our adversaries. We haven't even talked about Russia and the CCP and how they've combined forces over the last however many years to infiltrate America, not just with people, but our cyber capabilities and our infrastructure. And so when I come into a job like this, patients as one of the hardest things you have to manage because you can't fix everything overnight. You have to build up the workforce. You have to get them the resources, you have to fix the infrastructure that's broken.


I mean, I'll just give you a quick example. The building that the FBI had calls headquarters, the Hoover building, it's like 70 years old. I literally have netting, mesh netting holding up the side of the building because pieces of concrete fall off of it so it doesn't hit people in the head. I'm not kidding. I'm dead serious. So I said, how about we give the workforce a safe place to work? So we're moving outta there. And people think it's a political decision. Oh, CAS Patel's taking the FB out of the historic Hoover building. Yeah. 'cause I don't want people to die. And I think they deserve a better workplace than something that's 70 years old that has pipes exploding literally every single week.


Every week. And also we're gonna save the taxpayer money. We're gonna get out of a building that would cost billions to fix. And we're gonna move into a location that's already built instead of a 15 year government boondoggle an hour outside of DC and we're gonna stay in DC we're gonna stay near our partners in government and we're gonna put out the workforce and spread 'em out across the country like I talked to you about earlier, and put more agents on the streets and put more agents in Indian country and put more agents in your communities and intel analysts to figure out where the crime is. But that all of that takes time. I can't do it overnight. But Why do you say Indian country? Like what, what about tribal lands? Well, what about tribal lands is problematic? Oh man. So this, you're, thank you so much for bringing this up.


It's one of my biggest priorities. So the, the tribal and I just met with almost all of the, the, the, the chiefs and the leaders of the tribal communities in America, the crimes they have committed on, on, on what we call Indian country is just as horrific, if not worse than the rest of America. Look up the story about Emily Pike, whose family is still waiting for her arms. This child was murdered on a reservation and they found a piece of her body and not the murderer, not the rest of her body. They're plagued by drugs and they have never been a priority in terms of law enforcement working together.


And, and now remember you're talking about two different sets of legal structures, right? They have their own and we have our own. But what I've asked of them and what they've asked of me is pay more attention, give us more resources. And what I've asked of them has said, Hey, all the leaders said, let my guys on. Let my guys come to you and let's work together on solving some of these horrific, horrific crimes. The tr the trafficking, the murders and the violent crime on Indian reservations is, is skyrocketing. And I'm not going to treat people who live in the United States of America differently because they have a different way of life. We're gonna help 'em. And we put out operation not forgotten where we re we deployed this this month and this summer.


I can't remember how many agents and intel analysts specifically to remote tribal locations to solve crimes that have not been solved for years. Specifically the most violent. And we're gonna double down on that. And as Bonino likes to say this summer, we are unleashing a massive operation across the country, as Dan calls it. It's a, it's a bad day to be a bad guy this summer because the FBI is putting out all these extra agents and personnel into the field and we're gonna come find you. If you think you can nest in our communities and and find safe haven, you're going to prison. That's great to hear. So when, what is the, when you guys sit around, you think about the motivation to let all these people into the country.


I mean, again, you, you kind, you're kind of speculating, but why do you think they allowed it? Why do you think they allowed the border to be wide open like that? You know, in my job now that's like one of those political decisions. And so I try to stay outta that. But how is that political to leave the border? Like the, I don't, I, how is a national security issue political? So that's just it from my perspective. It's a national security decision and they failed on the national security mission. But I think where the decision from that administration to do that was a political one. That's what I'm trying to sort of separate. I've always viewed it singularly protecting the border, preventing drugs from coming in, preventing terrorists from coming in.


Right. Preventing people from, but what, What political decision could be made that makes any sense at all to not do that? I don't think there is one, but unfortunately they did it anyway. Do you think it was just that Biden was just not there and everyone else that was really running things was completely incompetent, was focused on other things, was focused on maybe the optics of border protection, that it, you know, that somehow or another there was some negative connotation to it? Politically, I don't, I think it's, I always say this, I think it's dismissive to say those people were incompetent. They're super smart, they're not dumb. And whether or not Biden was running things or whatever conversation for other people to, to have.


But there's lots of people around them who are very smart, who were in government for a long time and they, this is what I mean. They politicized the national security and law enforcement apparatus of this country by making those decisions. The why you'd have to ask them as that why they did that and why they thought that was okay. And why people think it's okay for James Comey to go down a beach and put up 86 47. You know, that's another political act that hurts our national security from smart people who are doing it intentionally. And maybe 'cause it's, they want press maybe 'cause it's, they're selling a book maybe because it's, they want notoriety. I don't know the answer to that.


But for me it's all national security related and these people keep doing it over and over again. The good thing is now there's a bulwark against it because we're in and the president just is not having any of it. What was the case very recently where you guys caught a scientist bringing in pathogens? Yeah, So I'm a New Yorker and I brought this for a reason. This means spore fucking New York Post is the best you gotta do it. They're the best. They have the best headlines ever. Yeah. So it's so Funny. It's based, so the cases still go, it's obviously ongoing since we just made the arrest. So I'm a little limited in what I can say. But backing up the truck a little bit, agro terrorism is a thing, right?


The CCP isn't just coming at us with fentanyl and coming at us in our cyber infrastructure and our capabilities and space and underwater. They are literally exporting people to the United States of America. Having them end up being senior researchers like this individual at the University of Michigan. And the bureau picked up on this and said, wait a second, why are you bringing you and her husband's also or indicted, but he's in mainland China, so he's not here. But we retrace what he did and what's public now is that he also tried to come to this country to do the same thing. So they are making the connections on that.


But what they did was literally bring in a, a mushroom that technically alone exists, you know, in the US but in an altered state causes billions of dollars of damage to wheat, to corn, to maize and to agricultural industry. And also could wipe out your livestock and causes reproductive damage to human beings. And so this is the lethality in terms of the mindset of people that wanna do harm to our country. And this case, I didn't know, this is one of those things where I knew it garnered a lot of attention, but like this thing went massive. Yeah. Like it's everywhere.


And I'm glad it's everywhere because if, for me it highlights the multiple levels of operation that our adversaries are looking to do harm on us. Thank God we caught this one. But what about the ones we've gotta still catch Right? That are still out there. They're not gonna stop because this lady's in jail now, right? And being prosecuted by us. This Is just the one you caught. This is the one we caught. So This is proof that this is actually an ongoing thing. It's an, it's been an ongoing thing. Just like, you know, why are we allowing our adversaries to buy land around our military? I just gonna ask you that. Yeah. You know, it's insane to me. It it, it's, it's lunacy. Having been the former chief of staff at DOD and having gone to a lot of our bases, I I was just like, why is that Chinese CCP establishment right there?


Why are the Russians right, right across the street? Why do they provide towers for cell phones? Cell phones? Yeah. So, so what? And and that's a trickier issue because that's not like a federal saw, that's a state by state issue, you know? Oh. And a lot of states have taken action. I think the Dakotas are leading the charge up there by outlawing it and banning and saying, Nope, you can't do this. You can't buy this card because A lot of these things have third party input. Right. Right. And a lot of these things, unfortunately are just about money. Right. They'll sell it to you cheaper, but then they're spying on everybody. Then They're spying on everybody. Here's the thing, like what I ask people in, in, 'cause what I get hit with is why shouldn't foreigners be able to buy land in America?


I'm like, are you able to buy land in downtown Moscow? Can you guys buy a farm in China? No. No. So what's with the disparate treatment? I get that we're the United States of America and we want to give everybody a chance and you gave this kid a chance. But that's different than literally inviting our adversaries into our country and saying, well as long as you build x or dump enough money into your state, we can, we can look the other way. So what can be done about the land that our adversaries own outside of military basis? Again, it's a, it's a state. It's like every state has to take steps legislatively, in my opinion to either kick 'em off, stop the contracts, prevent them from coming in, things like that.


What we can do at the federal level are things that you've seen, you know, the state department under, under Marco Rubio do revoking visas in certain places, in certain sectors of the economy. Right. And I think rightfully so, because if you stop the personnel from coming in Right. Or kick 'em out, then who cares who owns it? It's basically a dead site. That's the vulnerability that we have for being such a free society is that it's, we allow foreign nationals to come in and go to universities Yeah. And start and do research and become the head of these different departments and they're constantly reporting back to the CCP or coordinating with them.


Yeah. Or Russia. Yeah. And they're not gonna stop. That's the thing with these guys. It's just 'cause you take one out. Unless you take a whole of government approach, unless you get buy-in from the American public. And again, this is one of those things that you would think is a national security issue, right? Yeah. But they'll politicize it. They'll weaponize it. The post will write about it one way And it probably won't even make the headlines in a number of other outlets. 'cause they don't wanna talk about that. Has the New York Times written about this chair? I have No idea. I mean it seems like something that everybody should want to know about. Yeah. If, if a gov foreign government, an adversary government is trying to poison our food supply and, and human beings and affect the reproductive system.


That's, that seems like that's that's a deal. Bipartisan issue. Yeah. And that's the thing about your show that, that I agreed that I wanted to do it is because getting out to a population that has stopped listening to mainstream news and reaching out to them and challenging them with information and how we're doing things and saying, look, this is our priorities. This is what I'm doing right. Is so hugely important because the audience, the influence of that manpower on the electorate is huge. Is huge. And if we can reach through on certain some of these issues, then we're gonna win collectively. Like I can only arrest so many bad guys then we will.


But if we arrest them and people don't know who we're arresting and why we're arresting them and what the threat is, then it almost becomes irrelevant. We're still gonna do it, we're not gonna stop. But if we can get more and more people talking about these things and saying, look, the national security of our country is of what's utmost importance to me. Not who wins the next election. But also we need to work with our communities to say who's in our communities? How many registered sex offenders are there near our schools? Are they violating federal laws? Why aren't we on these priorities? And we need help. We need, we need American buy-in to, to really accomplish the mission.


I wonder what heavy lifting has to be done to separate national security issues from political issues And for everybody just to just say, listen, all the other stuff that the Democrats disagree with or the Republicans disagree with. Put that aside. We should all be concerned with stopping fentanyl, stopping gang members and cartel members and terrorists from coming into the country. How that becomes political to me is just fucking bananas. It really is crazy because it's just like if one side supports it, the other side has to be against it and it's, And you, you raise the reason it's so politicized and the reason it's so sort of in many sectors of government is because of the answer to that question.


The leaks from inside of government. And then the spin on that information by the media is what's causing the most harm, in my opinion to the American public. What kind of leaks, Whether it's classified information or, or just leaks about fake news. Like people saying, oh so and so hate each other at the White House. Did you hear about this meeting they had that never occurred? And I was like, I was in that meeting. What are you talking about? What have you heard Like that, you know, like what, what kind of like fake rumors. Oh, so I'll give you an example from, from actually the FBI than the New York Times. So, which Never lies. No, no of course not.


No. We're relying on them to solve everything. So we have these, we have a regular drumbeat at the F FBI I where everybody has a, we have a morning meeting with the heads of our divisions, counter intel, counter espionage, ct, everything, criminal cyber. So we could move the machine. And I, and I was like, and I did them for a week and I was like, why do we do these every morning? And the whole place looked at me and these are career agents and intel folks like 10, 20, 30 years in this seat. They go Boss, we hate those. They make us come offline of our work and focus on briefing you rather than staying on mission and we can come brief you on our own.


So I chopped it to two days a week and I cut the time in like less than half New York Times puts out the story Kash Patel upends and I'm paraphrasing the ethos at the FBI, how dare he cut down the morning briefing cycle. And this is a perfect example of these people are coming to me saying this is what they wanted to do for years. And I'm working with them to say, that's a good idea. Why don't we do that? But the times comes in and kicks us in the face with this leak. That's not even true because they go out and say anonymous source, this retired person that it's just one example. It might, it might sound small to you, but now an A reader's gonna read that, right? A new kid who's like, oh I, maybe I join the FBI and they're gonna look at it and say this place is a circus, I don't wanna go work there.


Right? What do you mean they, they disrupted the morning meeting. That guy should be getting briefed six hours a day. Right. You know, and I'm like, no, I want my agents on mission. I don't need them briefing me. I can call 'em, I can talk to 'em later. And so it's just stuff like that. Since we were talking about fake news, this is gonna come up 'cause it's been going on since we've been recording here. Oh, Elon and Trump seem to be in a little bit of a spat. Joe, you wanna check the tweet that Elon just put out a little bit ago? Time to drop the really big bomb Donald Trump is in the Epstein files. That's the real reason. They have not been made public. Have a nice day. Jesus Christ. I'm not participating in any of that conversation Between Elon and Chad. Is he? Have a nice day.


DJD so much. You take his phone away, They're going back and forth about different things and yeah, Listen Mike, well he said he was disappointed in Elon. They told him to leave. Jesus Christ. That's a crazy thing to say. How does he know? Does he know that Donald Trump is in the Epstein files? I mean, does he have access to the Epstein files? I'm just, I don't know how he would, but I'm just staying out of the Trump Elon thing that's way outside my lane. What the fuck are they doing that's, I know my lane in that ain't there. I just don't, I mean I understand he owns Twitter. I think it's bad for your mental health. I think posting things public all day and arguing with people all day is bad for you. Well you raise a great point. Sorry to cut you off. Go ahead. Half of what we have to respond to are is the click Army on social media.


Right? Right. And 50% of that plus is bots. 50% of that plus is bots. But let's take the other 50% of that. It's just constantly pushing out information to sell t-shirts or subscriptions or whatever, listen to my show. And then people are like, Hey FBI, why aren't you looking at this thing in Oklahoma? And I'm like, because it's fake. I don't have time for that. Right. And and so to your point on like social media does have a great use in terms of me. And so the reason Dan and I don't do a lot of media is because we're the BI like let our work speak for itself. Right. But we have to find the right balance of going to do media and posting on social media the things we're doing and keep, keep keeping people updated.


And so that's the delicate balance we're trying. But what I'm learning is no matter what you do it, it doesn't matter. It's going to just completely not make everyone happy. And there's no solve for that in terms of how the FBI operates. But at the same time the FBI won't be thwarted by it. We're gonna keep going like I do. You know, I mean I've already told you I've been called a genocidal dictator, which is ironic since I'm the son of a, of a man who fled a genocidal dictatorship in East Africa and his parents lawfully immigrated to this country and had me and now their kid's. The F FBI I director, first generation Indian kid. Kind of a pretty freaking cool story.


That is A cool story. But I'm like, that's what me and Dan say all the time. You can call us whatever you want, But genocidal dictator like that, you now those words don't mean anything anymore. If you're calling you that. Well that's what I mean, That's, you're not a dictator and you're not genocidal. So what are you doing tagging both of those together? What is the proof And what does the media do in printing it? It's, that's insane. That's an insane thing. But I think they were given a mandate to be the attack docs. You know, I think they were. And I think during the last administration they reinforced that. I think, I mean just look at what happened with the Hunter Biden laptop story where 51 former intelligence agents testified that this, thank You for bringing that up.


That tell me this episode is brought to you by Eight Sleep. You guys must have heard about Eight Sleep by now. Right? You know the company with the sole mission of improving your sleep. So Eight Sleep has just launched a new product, the pod five. It's the latest generation of their signature innovation. A smart mattress cover that automatically regulates your body temperature throughout the night. The result you enjoy up to one full hour of additional quality sleep each night. Just put the pod five on top of your current mattress and let it work its magic. The AI driven autopilot will learn your sleep patterns and adjust your temperature elevation and wake up timing. And thanks to its builtin sensors, you get a personalized sleep report every morning. No need to wear any devices. Head over to Eight Sleep dot com slash rogan and use the code Rogan to get $350 off the pod. Five Ultra. You still get 30 days to try it at home and return it if you don't like it. But you will love it. I love it. I love mine. And your body will thank you for this investment in better sleep. Eight Sleep shipping to countries worldwide. See details at Eight Sleep dot com slash rogan.


This episode is brought to you by Montana Knife Company makers of the best, most sought after knives out there. The company is founded by my friend Josh Smith. He's been making knives since he was 11 years old and became a master bladesmith at just 19, which is wild 'cause there's only about 140 to 150 Master Bladesmiths in the world. Plus these knives are made right here in the USA, right in Montana. And they're designed, tested, and built by hunters. For hunters. I've been loving the Magna Cut Blackfoot 2.0 when Master Bladesmith, my friend Josh Smith, launched Montana Knife Company. He set out to create the ultimate do it all knife, small and light enough to pack on a goat hunt durable enough to completely field dress a moose and shape to gut cape skin and de-bone with ease. He called this flagship knife the Blackfoot, And it remains his go-to blade. And I love it as well. It's truly the only hunting knife you'll ever need. Although MKC is still a young company, the demand is already crazy. Literally every time they drop a batch, they sell out in minutes. So if you want to be the first to know, sign up for SMS alerts for exclusive knife drops and their email newsletter to get notified about restocks or go to Montana knife company.com and see what's available.


Now think about how crazy that is. So you wanna talk about the ultimate weaponization and total disinformation combining forces, right? A week before the election when Biden and Trump were running against you, maybe a week or two weeks before that, right? A guy who used to be in the intelligence community says, oh, we gotta bring the Hunter Biden laptop thing into play knowing it was bogus. And they come out and they basically say the FBI even though knew that Hunter Biden's laptop was a righteous piece of investigatory material and were examining it and at the time knew that they were going to work up criminal leads on it.


Sat silent, put that over here. The intelligence community comes in and says we gotta get this information out. Because the guy who would end up becoming Biden Secretary of State was advising him and saying, Hey, we gotta squash this a hundred Biden laptop thing. Let's do the Russiagate play, let's do the Crossfire hurricane play. So they go to the CIA and they go to then director Gina Hasell, who by the way, there's no coincidence in government. Gina Hasell was chief of Station London when Russiagate was launched in London. We can come back to that. So now she's director of CIA and we're on the even election and there's this thing called a pre-publication process.


So like when I had to put my book out as a government service server, server, whatever you call it, it has to go in and everybody's gotta read it and they gotta chop it. Whatever takes forever, even if it's a two page document, the 51 intel letter was written by these same people, some of who participated in Russiagate. And the person that has to authorize that is the director of the CIA before it goes public. Do you know how long she took to authorize the release of the letter? Knowing the information in the letter was false. Knowing the laptop with Hunter Biden's information on it was true and accurate and being investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation for criminal purposes. Eight hours.


Eight hours, they released that barrage of disinformation for eight hours. And what do we do? We've spent the last four years proving up and we've got more information coming on that too. Proving up how those former secretaries of defense, C-I-A-N-S-A deputy directors of the intelligence community all came together to politicize intelligence once again. 'cause they got caught on Russia again and don't care. And they wanted President Biden to win so badly. They were willing to lie to the American people and they did it again. That is so insane. It's so hard to believe 'cause it's so corrupt and coordinated. The fact that 51 people would be, will be willing to do that And they've doubled down on it.


They keep doubling down on it. How are they doubling down? In what way? They've been asked in the year since they, they've been like, Hey actually, do you remember the time where Hunter Biden got charged in two separate felony federal indictments? Right. In two different districts. And they're like, now we stand by our, like the people that signed the letter have said, we stand by it. Guys like Clapper and Brennan and all these guys. Panetta? No. No. So they stand by the idea that that laptop was Russian disinformation. Yeah. And they know it's not. And these guys who rose the highest ranks in government service won't come off that perch because the media will allow them to be propped up. Wow. And it's the same look totally switching gears, but a similar disinformation tale.


January 6th, right? I was chief of staff at DOD on January 6th, days before January 6th. I was in the Oval Office with the president, the Secretary of Defense, the of the Joint Chiefs of staff on a foreign matter. And on that day he goes, Hey, you know, how's it looking for January 6th? Do you guys have everything you need? And he goes, I'm gonna authorize up to 10 to 20,000 national Guardsmen and women if you guys need 'em anywhere in the country. The reason that's important is because we can't uniformly deploy military in the United States. That's what the National guard's for. But in order to do that, the president has to, one, authorize it, and two, the mayor or governor, so it's dc so it's the mayor and the Capitol Police and the speaker of the house are in charge, have to request the deployment of troops.


We went to them days before January 6th. We went to Bowser, went to Pelosi, they said no in writing. We were excoriated for it. Your guys are lying. You didn't offer this up. If you had been there, this would've never happened, well actually, president Trump preemptively authorized 10 to 20,000 National Guard. And what happened? I spent the next three years and hundreds of thousands of dollars in legal fees testifying before Congress proving up just what I had said was the truth. Then the documents came, we finally got them out because I know what we had written. And it showed Bowser in writing declining National Guard. It showed Pelosi in writing saying no to the Capitol. Police don't get the National Guard. So They wanted it to be chaos.


Well, that, I'll leave for to you on that. But what I'm telling you is they knew. They knew what was true. They knew what was false. And I'm not asking you to give an opinion on the events of January 6th, but had 10,000 of my guys been there, do you think it would've gone differently? Yeah, a Hundred percent. They stopped it and they spent years lying. And now we're still lying about that authorization, even though we've put it to bed like Russiagate, like Hunter Biden's laptop 51 Intel letter. They keep doing it over and over again. What about Agent Provocateurs that were involved in in January 6th? So what we just released to Congress was, I think we're still digging through it, is there was a couple of dozen sources that were involved with January 6th.


And so we're getting Congress those files and the American people are gonna learn the extent of that. We're doubling down on our investigation on the pipe bomber because we think it's of great public importance that someone almost blew up the headquarters for the RNC and DNC. And oh by the way, the vice president of the United States happened to be in the vicinity of that Pipeline. How did that pipe bomb not detonate? Was it faulty or did they never activate it? Yeah, it's the latter. And so, but we keep going back to events like January 6th and, and I keep trying to say, Hey, again, don't trust me. I was, we put out the truth about Russiagate, about 51 Intel letter, about Hunter Biden's laptop, about the National Guard on January 6th.


These are the guys that are now in charge about these sensitive issues like the pipe bomber and all this information you want. So we're giving you we're the ones that are reopening these investigations and doubling down on them COVID origins. We think that there was definite foul play, but my opinion is irrelevant. It only matters what I can show to the American people and prove. And that's what we're working on. That's why I don't run out there and say, look, we're gonna get this guy. We're a hundred percent gonna get him. We're working our butts off to get him. We're also working our butts off to identify who brought cocaine into the White House. Because when you bring a felony narcotic into the most secure compound in the world, I think the world has a right to know. Yeah. Is there footage of that? So we're on it. Is this like a known guy who likes Coke, who happened to be at the White House at the same time?


Well, again, like let, also, I don't wanna jump to conclusions, right, because you know, I've done this for a long enough time where even the most obvious suspect, you're like, oh shit, it wasn't him, it was her. Right. You know, and so let's do it methodically we are. It's of great public. If someone brought a dime bag of cocaine or heavy packaged it, I don't know, or or pills of offenses all into the White House now. Yeah. In a Trump administration, what do you think the media would say? What A wild motherfucker doing Coke in the White House. You know, wild. You have to be, I mean, to be doing lines in the bathroom of the White House, I, I was like dancing the line when I was using the bathroom that I wasn't supposed to use because I wanted to go to the East Wing and they had a nicer setup and I was like hiding my badge.


That's as far as I took it. That is, it's just such a crazy thing to do. Like you have to be completely off the rails where you can't be on Coke for just a few hours while you're hanging out at the White House. You're like, no, no, no. I need a little bump. Yeah, I need a little bump in the White House. It's crazy, man. And It's, I would think that like everybody would get urine tested immediately upon finding that bag. Well, you, you could've done a lot of things then, but they didn't, Of course. You know, they didn't want it. I mean there wasn't even, even a suspect, right? No. For them they were just like, ah, whatever we're done. And I was like, wild. Wild, right. Yeah. And you know, so it's just, I mean, you have to, my other mission is to control the things I can control.


Was the bathroom, the men's room or the women's room? Or was it like an all gender bathroom where anybody can go Into, you know, I'm not sure. I gotta, I gotta go back. It's a good point, right? I gotta go back and look. I actually gotta go back and look. But I think when we do these things and we answer these questions for the American people, we're restoring the trust in the FBI. That's what I can control that's sorely needed. Because when I go around the country, this is not me saying it or the leadership saying it, the FBI's credibility took a hit because of these actions by these few people in charge. And we're building it back. We've done a lot in a hundred days to get it back. And I think if you wait for the rest of this year, you're gonna see some massive, massive actions taken over the summer.


And our priorities, and I changed it, our, our our sort of our, our website or, and our pillars, you know, uphold the constitution, defend the homeland, crush violent crime and rigorous constitutional congressional oversight so that we restore trust. That's what we wanna do. Now, a lot of people got pardons, like more pardons I think than Oh yeah. Anyone ever, right? Yeah. Never Does, does the pardon cover, like if you find that Fauci lied to Congress, like when Rand Paul was talking to him about gain of function research, clearly he was being deceptive. If someone is, is that, are they pardon for that as well? 'cause it was like this crazy blanket, pardon?


From 2014 forward, which I didn't even know you could do. So I'm the investigator. So that would be a decision for the Department of Justice. They'll have to make that, I don't know the answer to that. We'll, we'll we'll work it up and we'll say this is what we found and then legal minds left to come in and chop on does this, pardon apply Or not. Is that the same sort of thing apply to the 51 intelligence agents that lied about the laptop? I think the same scenario applies to anyone who got the, pardon? I can't remember exactly who off the top of my head. Got it. If there was some of them or none of them or what happens. But that's never happened before in the history of the country. So there's literally no like legal precedent as we say to wow. Figure out how that goes. But what I can do, irrespective of the pardon and how it applies is produce the information in the documents.


Geez, what a crazy place to come into. You know, It's a gong show. Is it surprising how dysfunctional it is to you? Well, I think I, I would, I would change that a little bit. I think I'm, I'm thrilled at how functional most of the FBI is. I'm shocked at the levels of depravity and even me that few in leadership would do to alter that and then go out into the public and lie about it. Like you got James Comey running around and he can yell at me all he wants and Annie McCabe can too. This is another perfect example, right? These two guys used to run the bureau and we had, we had a guy in Denver without a shirt off running around throwing 16 Molotov cocktails on human beings shouting free Palestine.


I got that information because I'm the director of the FBI. And I put out a statement because the American people need to know we are investigating this matter as an act of terrorism. CNN New York Times come in and crush us. These guys dunno what they're doing, how dare they label it as such, the investigation is still ongoing. And I said, yes, I'm investigating the matter in which a man who was from overseas in Egypt through Molotov cocktails at American citizens at a peaceful rally and screamed free Palestine, that's what you want your FBI doing. What you don't want your FBI doing is having New Orleans and Super Bowl and having a, another known terrorist come in there and run people over and kill 'em and then have the FBI go to the podium and say, this is not an act of terrorism.


That is the politicization of the FBI. That's what we've changed. And I think the American people are seeing it and I think our results are speaking to it, But that doesn't even make sense that the New York Times would criticize that and, and criticize the description of it as an act of terrorism when it by definition is an act of terrorism. But the action itself, you're throwing motov cocktails on human beings that are at a political peaceful rally. That's terrorism, isn't it? I mean, what is terrorism if that's not terrorism? And what I can say, remember the charging is for the Department of Justice and Partners, right? What I can say is what I'm investigating it as, and that's what I'm investigating it as, because the facts to that point in time quickly relayed to me by our people in the field.


The pros said, Hey, this is what we got, this is what happened. Everyone's talking about it. Let's report out to the American people what we can responsibly. And that was a responsible way of doing it. But that's what I'm saying. These people that, that used to run the FBI are coming in there and they would've made the same decisions. It's just the fact that we are making them and they got fired because they got caught conspiring against the United States of America and weaponizing the FBI and CNN's given 'em a platform, they keep crippling this country by putting out these stupid statements or not stupid, these intentionally false statements to attack us. And again, you can hit me and bong all you want. We don't care. We're winning. I, I believe we're winning this fight.


We're winning it because the American people are like, Hey, that wasn't act of terrorism. I hope you get the bad guys. And I don't know if you just saw, but we also remember the fertility clinic that was bombed, bombed in Southern California. We just busted the co-conspirator in Poland and brought him back last night and now he's getting charged because publicly what we can say is he procured like something like 45 pounds of ammonium nitrate. So what we're doing is investigating acts of terrorism as acts of terrorism. And we're utilizing our, our authorities overseas under that to give the American people justice.


The guy didn't act alone. What about the shooter? The, the, the savage shooter in Washington DC who comes in and murders two people for the Israeli embassy in cold blood. Like just literally, what is it, 21, I don't know how many shots, right? Yelling something for Gaza, whatever. We investigated that as an act of terrorism because that's what it is. That's what the American people deserve to hear. I'm not saying they don't have a presumption of innocence. I'm not saying that they're gonna be convicted at trial, but I'm telling you, as the director of the FBI, what I'm doing as a number one cop in this country and who's in charge of investigations, that's my call to make and I'll make it every time.


I just don't understand how the media, particularly the, the thing in Colorado, how they could print that this is not an act of terrorism and not diminish all of whatever credibility they have left. I just don't understand why they would even be willing to do that. I think it all goes back to the same derangement syndrome that people have. Yeah. Their hatred for certain individuals and people who dare to work in those administrations is so great that they don't care about the truth. They care about the platform and they'll go on and they'll be given a platform on TV or in print media or on, on, on other shows.


And there's a still a significant portion of the American populace that is willing to give them their ear. That's what I'm trying to change. We're never gonna get everybody, but if we can get 10% of 'em, I think it's a home run. We get 20, we're totally winning all day long. But it's gonna take time. Yeah. I mean I know that people are super, everybody wants Ozempic today, right? They just want, you know, they want a quick fix. And when you're dealing with four years of whatever the hell was going on and 9 million people being released into this country and all the, all the stuff that comes with it, it just would stand a reason And it would take a long time to unravel all that or to fix all the problems that were created.


That is, man, I hope you've clipped that and play that over and over again. That's what I've been trying to explain to people. I'm like, we're gonna fix as much as we can, but you guys want answers yesterday for problems that have been metastasizing for decades. Also, you wanna have all the information in place when you finally do go public with everything where you can't miss things. Not cross a t dot and I dot an I and someone can get off That. And we also, two prong that is just as equally as important as the following. We wanna fix the institution so it doesn't happen again. That's the bigger win. Catching the bad guys is the everyday job. We're gonna do it. Calling out the people who corrupted the place in the past is hugely important.


But leaving the American people an F-B-I-A-D-O-D-A-C-I-A-A functional national security apparatus is the ultimate, is my ultimate goal. So the apparatus that was in place before that was so riddled with corruption. What, what do you think happened between Trump's between when he was in for the first term and the, the four years? Like how did it get so bad In the when? When he Yes. When He left. Yes. Yeah, when he left in the last four years. I mean, I'm assuming there was always corruption, but why, how did it get so bad in this past four years Because of the, of the priorities, they completely shifted the priorities.


But how does that encourage corruption amongst the top officials? Because the priorities themselves were corrupt focusing on DEI and climate change is a political potshot to weaponize the Department of Defense and the intelligence community and the law enforcement community to say, we're gonna promote you based on your background and beliefs rather than your ability to get through the pipeline. You know, another thing we're doing is we're changing the PFT, the physical fitness test at the Federal Bureau of Investigation for new agents and for current agents because it's wholly insufficient. I'm not asking you to be a special forces operator, but I am asking you to be able to take down a dude running away from you in a hundred yard sprint.


Correct. Or maybe twice your size and detain him and safeguard the American public. And so when you don't focus on those things for years years and you focus on promoting people based on, I'm not here 'cause the color my skin, but when you do that, this is what happens. And then when the media celebrates these, these victories, people are like, oh yeah, I'm gonna subscribe to that because I hate the other side so much, I'm just gonna go along. I don't, I honestly don't believe what most of the people are putting out there in the media that they actually believe it. I think they are go home at night and they're like, yep, we know this is wrong, but we've made our bed and we are going to sleep in it every single night and we are not going to retract.


That is such an insane decision. It's such an insane decision. And again, it diminishes the credibility of an already damaged organization. Yeah. I mean people now people know about Russiagate, they know about the Hunter Biden laptop story. They know about the steel dossier. They know about all this shit that happened, like their faith in media over, especially after the pandemic, their faith in media has been deteriorated so badly. But I can't imagine they wouldn't just for self preservation reasons shift course. But they have been able, the, the problem is they have been able to persevere in their space and they're not looking to persevere anything past that.


I mean, look at the, the, from a monetary standpoint, most of the media has been losing money for years. Right. You know, but they keep reporting it. They don't care. Most of these editors and chiefs at these big wig operations get blown out the door in a year or two. New people come in and buy it. They keep losing money. Most of these shows on mainstream media at the TV shows at night, their hosts get fired every other minute 'cause their ratings suck. But the institutions themselves don't care to change. They don't go out and bring in a Joe Rogan. That would probably be what it takes in my opinion, to fix something like that. Do you imagine? I think You should do it.


Get the fuck outta here. They would torture me. It would be horrible. Every news story. I mean then, then I mean we just, you see that they're willing to lie in the news. You see, they're willing to push narratives that just are not true. It's just so hard to imagine how you can sustain the American people's trust and if you don't sustain the American people's Trust, then you're gonna keep losing money. Yeah. I just, I can't, Ima I know, I know CNN made it of some somewhat of a concerted effort to try to be objective for a while. They brought on Scott Jennings. They've, they've changed a bunch of things in that regard, but it's still like some of the, the panel talks they have, you're just like, what fucking planet are you guys even living on?


Right. And the problems we're facing, he does a good job of highlighting. He's like, Hey man, these pro Hamas positions didn't happen overnight. They happened because we let in all these people from all over the world and they came in and they started attending our universities and they started getting together and they started seeing in the media that that was a quote unquote popular thing to do. And then that ethos spread and now look what we have. We have chaos on college campuses. We've got lone wolf attackers, we've got terrorists, we've got openings for our narco traffickers. We haven't even touched upon what our adversaries are doing to our cyber infrastructure. I mean, saw Typhoon is a massive telecommunications breach engineered by the ccp.


It's public, it's not classified. And they literally got into our, our United States of America's telecommunications providers broken and we are playing catch up. These are the priorities we're focused on. We have solutions for them. They're, they take time. They're not sexy. No one wants to talk about upgrading the nuclear arsenal of the triad. It's not the sexy thing to talk about, but that's what we need to do. No one wants to talk about hardening our infrastructure and fixing our grid switch system across the country. You take out one electrical grid infrastructure plant and you take out a large chunk of this country.


But when you don't prioritize those things for years in these last however many years, then our adversaries get hip to it and they say, Hey, there's a vulnerability. Let's double down. And what our adversaries are doing, we haven't even talked about the war and Hamas and all that stuff. We don't have to, but they're teaming up. They're saying, look, we really don't like each other but we don't like America more. So why don't we partner up? Why don't we use you the drug trafficking organizations in Mexico for human smuggling, not just drugs. Why don't we use you Russia, Iran, the ccp, get together, we'll sell ammunitions to you. 'cause you can't get 'em from anywhere else in the world.


You don't have access to banks. You know, the biggest threat we have from a counter-terrorism standpoint is Iran. And that's why the president's trying to achieve a peaceful resolution with them and end this war that Hamas started in October in Israel and Gaza. And nothing would be a better solution than a peaceful one to that because we talked about hostages before and what do they just report out? Two more American Israeli citizens bodies were uncovered yesterday or, or the day before. The, the cost of these wars, people don't see and feel right away. And unless you give them in your face 24 7 coverage of it, they're focus is gonna be on what CNN's talking about and how they're talking about it.


Yeah. And that's, that's part of the shift and that's like one of the large reasons I was like, we have to come on this show. We have to at least swing at it. Well I don't know how many people, maybe no one will watch it. Maybe some people watch it. Oh, a lot of people Are gonna watch this. No, But that's the, you know, that's like, that's not the point for me. Like it's, we just have to try to reach different audiences. We have to have to, have to, have to try. Yeah. Well I don't think people have heard it from your perspective before like this, especially over a long form. I know you have a hard out at three o'clock. Yeah, sorry, it's three o'clock now. So thank you. Thanks for being here. Really appreciate it and I appreciate you illuminating a lot of these things that I think are very confusing to a lot of people.


And I think you've answered a lot of questions as to like how long time takes and what the process is like. But I appreciate everything you're doing. It means a lot to me. I can't believe that was two hours flew by. That's awesome. Hopefully I can come back. But look, Absolutely, please do. Just a, just a parting message if I may. I appreciate the show and what you've done and I love seeing it at UFC fights. I'll see it one soon, but we, I just wanna say this for the folks at the FBI and I probably should have answered when you first asked me, the thing I'm most proud of is most all of them, they're crushing it. They're crushing it and they've been wanting to do it for so long that this part, this job's easy.


My job's easy. What they're doing is hard. Me moving people around the country, taking 'em from their families, uprooting them, and everybody's like, that's the mission. That's what we're here to do. And I don't want people to take away, oh okay, he's bought and sold by everybody that corrupted the place. If you look at the show and you look at it in its entirety and don't take clips from it, you'll see what we're about and putting the mission first forward. Alright, thank You. Very thanks brother. Appreciate You. Yeah. Bye everybody.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Sometimes it's good to be a little controlling. It can help you protect yourself, your health, your wellbeing, and your possessions. There's only so much you can do though, especially when it comes to your personal info. You probably use things like two factor authentication, strong passwords, and A VPN. But as much as you try to be in control of how your information is protected, there are lots of places that also have it. And they might not be as careful as you are. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second for identity threats If your identity is stolen, a LifeLock US-based restoration specialist will help solve identity theft issues on your behalf guaranteed or your money back. Plus, all LifeLock plans are backed by the million dollar protection package, meaning LifeLock will reimburse you up to the limits of your plan. If you lose money due to identity theft, you might not be able to control how others handle your personal information, but you can help protect it. With LifeLock. Save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use the promo code JRE or go to lifelock.com/jre for 40%. Off terms apply.