
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Alright. Very nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. I have, I saw you on the Danny Jones podcast and I've read a lot of your tweets and Twitter and just the, the entire ordeal that you've been through since the beginning of COVID. And so I felt like could be very educational for people to hear your perspective. Well, I appreciate you continuing to talk about COVID. 'cause I think a lot of people are sick of it.


I'm certainly ready to move on, but I am too. But God, It's just people need to make sure this doesn't happen again. Exactly. You Know, and nothing's happened. Really, nothing's been corrected. No. Not only has nothing been corrected, I was just watching an argument on television where they were trying to argue for vaccinating women who are pregnant. Oh, right. It's insane. I mean, there's a, there's a golden rule of pregnancy, right. You don't, you don't experiment on pregnant women. You don't experiment on an unborn child. You're Not even supposed to eat sushi. Exactly. Right. But we're gonna put this modified mRNA technology into these women who, you know, early treatment.


We have early treatment. COVID is no longer a threat. We're dealing, you know, at one point it was more than a cold. But now, now why in the world would we give them to pregnant women or children, Or, the only thing that makes sense is money. Right. Well, any ego, it's the only thing that makes sense. An ego. And Ego meaning, because they've already recommended it. 'cause they don't want to admit that it's not effective. They don't want to admit their side effects. I mean, we have, we have hard facts showing it should be pulled off the market. I mean, any other product would've been pulled a long time ago. If this were an antibiotic and we'd seen all of the, the carnage from an antibiotic. It would've been yanked off long ago. It should have been yanked off in the first month.


There's just, there's no other explanation then there's just, there's fraud, there's corruption, there's ego, there's money. But it's not science. No. And there's a lot of people that, for whatever reason, they have this very rigid ideology that the pharmaceutical drug companies are to be trusted and we should trust the science. And that all these organizations, whether it's the FDA or what, whatever it is that's connected to these assertions, they should be trusted, not just the average doctor who's talking about these side effects and all these different things that they're experiencing with their, their patients. Yeah. I mean, I trusted them when, when the pandemic started.


I mean, I didn't think that the shots would work necessarily, but I trusted them. I didn't think they were going to hurt us. Why didn't you think they would work? Because they were rushed to the market. I knew the flu shots were already iffy. We're dealing with a virus that mutates. We've never been able to vaccinate against a cold. Which, you know, it's a rapidly mutating virus. It's, it's, it's been tried before and they've, it's failed. If you don't mind, please t tell everybody what your background is in, in medicine. Yeah. Private practice, solo physician. I'm not head of the Mayo Clinic. I'm just a, you know, neighborhood, ear, nose and throat doctor that sort of got tangled up in this inadvertently.


And I always thought when, when the pandemic started, I thought, well, this will be the hospital. This will be a chaos in the hospitals. I never envisioned getting wrapped up in this at all. I, you know, I trained at Stanford and then I, I moved to Texas after residency, and then I, I worked in a small private practice for seven, eight years. Then I started having a bunch of children, and I pretty much gave up medicine. I mean, I took a seven year sabbatical. I wasn't even sure I was gonna go back, but then I just had this itch that needed to be scratched. And I opened up a solo practice six months before the pandemic started. Oh Boy. Yeah. What timing? I know.


Why, why did I do it? You could have been out. I know. Yeah. Well, sometimes the universe has a calling for people. You know, It's been a very interesting journey. I mean, So take us through what happened with you at the very beginning. Like, so COVID COVID starts making its way across the world. Yeah. So I had people coming in with respiratory tract infections that were stubborn. They were not, you know, the typical colds. And there was all this, you know, news that there's this virus from China. But, you know, you watch something on the news, you think, oh, you know, that's not gonna really affect me. But, you know, I started having more and more patients coming in.


And at first I really didn't know what to do. I just used common sense. I mean, I treated the symptoms. I used breathing treatments. I, I covered for secondary infection with antibiotics. I used steroids, that sort of thing. And I had success, but I didn't have a lot of people, you know, showing up at my doorstep, treating me for COVID. But I did start having people wanting to get tested. And you might remember that LabCorp was the first lab in the country to offer the test. And they just got completely slammed. So it took two weeks to get the results back. We were already work, I was already working with a lab for patients with chronic sinusitis who they were doing PCR testing for chronic sinusitis.


So it tests for bacterial and fungal infections of the sinuses. It's called MicroGen dx. And they came out with a saliva test for COVID. So, and we were able to get the results back the next day. So I started offering that. And my little clinic exploded because, and I'm located in a strip mall, which is, is very purposeful. I'm, I'm very close to the medical center, which is, you know, to get your doctor's office. It's a, a 10 minute navigation of the parking garage and another 10 minute walk to the office. And so I was trying to locate my office where it was very easy to get in and out of. And then that served me very well during the pandemic, because with these saliva tests, you could just take the cup to somebody's car, they could spit in the cup, they could leave it outside.


It was contact free. You didn't have to anything shoved up your nose. And then we got the results back the next day. And so that sort of made me, put me on the map in my little neighborhood. And then I started tracking, you know, who, when the vaccines came out, I started tracking who was positive, you know, by their vaccination status. And so I started noticing that the vaccine wasn't working. And that's sort of what got me in trouble. I also started giving monoclonal antibodies and I didn't ration them. So I became known in town as a place you could get monoclonal antibodies without, you know, having to pass, you know, being a certain race or a certain age or, yeah. Or that sort of thing. What, What do you think that was all about?


Yeah, I, I don't know, but the monoclonal antibodies is very frustrating to me. They worked very well. They were not controversial. People would turn around the next day, but, and when they first came out, I could get as many doses as I wanted. I mean, they show up at my doorstep the next day. And it was great. I mean, that's, that's, that also sort of put me on the map with COVID. And then I didn't even use Ivermectin until the government took over distribution of monoclonal antibodies. And then it became harder and harder to get them. And that's when I turned to Ivermectin. But, you know, in my opinion, they did that on purpose. They, they did that to encourage people to take the, the COVID shot.


It was very orchestrated. If you look at the timing, the, you know, in March the government put out the big information on Ivermectin and why you should not take it for COVID. They put that on the FDA's website. At the same time they launched COVID-19 Community Core. And this was April 1st, 2021. This was an $11.5 billion slush fund to propaganda to, you know, feed out propaganda and censor people. And the day that they launched the COVID-19 Community Corps was the same day that Houston Methodist, which is where I had privileges, they mandated the COVID shots for all their employees.


And they were the first in the country. And that's sort of how I got tangled up in all this, because I had privileges there. And then I, I was actually working with them. I was doing research with them. I was sharing my data with them to try to get it published. But then I started questioning, you know, the, the, the vaccine and how it wasn't working. I brought it to their attention first and they gaslit me. And they just said, well, it just, it lowers severity. And when they, when they ignored me, then I started speaking out on social media. And that's how, that's what got me in trouble, trouble. But, so that summer of 2021, that's when the third and the largest surge of the pandemic started.


And this was after the rollout of the wonderful COVID shots, which were promised to stop transmission and prevent death, and obviously didn't. And the government was getting frustrated. So they doubled down on their ivermectin attack. And this was end of August, 2021. They put out the infamous horse tweet, said, seriously, y'all, you're not a horse. You're not a cow. Stop it. A tweet went viral. It had dire consequences in my opinion. And then they approved, they fully approved the COVID shot, and then Biden mandated for, for employers with a hundred more employees. And that was right when they took you down.


Yeah. So it was all very coordinating. Oh, and then, and then the, the final straw was taking away monoclonal antibodies. They said That,


yeah, this episode is brought to you by Uber Eats Summer is here, and you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered a day in the sun. No, a bottle of rum. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that for almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol, you must be legal drinking age. Please enjoy responsibly product availability varies by Region C App for details.


This episode is brought to you by Squarespace. Have you ever been shopping online? And the website just gave you the ick, let me tell you, that wouldn't happen if they used Squarespace. Squarespace Design intelligence empowers anyone to build beautiful, more personalized websites tailored to your unique needs. And with Squarespace payments, it's super easy to manage payments with just a few clicks. Plus, with Squarespace's integrated and optimized SEO tools, there's all the help you need to get people to your site. Head to Squarespace dot com slash Emma for a free trial and use code Emma to save 10% on your first purchase.


So Yeah, that was the more fascinating thing about it to me, is I listed a bunch of different things that I took, I including monoclonal antibodies, but they only concentrated on Ivermectin. But the, the way they did it was like so transparent, like changing the color of my face on CNN and everywhere. This concerted effort to call it horse dewormer, it was, they just tried to make it look as preposterous as possible without ever explaining that it's been used more than multiple billions of times prescribed to human beings. Yeah, I mean they, they branded you. When I think of you, I think of that, that picture of you where you're slightly green.


And I honestly, and yeah, but Ivermectin, I was nervous about using it because of all the hype. Yeah, I mean, because monoclonal work on, because monoclonals worked so well, I was like, well, this is not gonna live. You know, this is not gonna work. I was nervous, but the first thing I did was dug into the safety. And anybody could do that, which is a minimal amount of effort. You can go to the FDA website and you can find the toxicity data on Ivermectin. And there's something called the LD 50, lethal dose 50, which is, it's a benchmark number that gives you an idea of how toxic a medication is. And LD 50 means what, how many animal 50, what dose would kill 50% of lab animals.


So for Ivermectin, it kind of depends on the rat, the, I mean, the type of animal and the gender. But it's basically 10 milligrams per kilogram up to 80 milligrams per kilogram. So for COVID, we're using 0.4 milligrams per kilogram. So I, I knew that we were not worried about, you know, killing people with it. And then you, I did a literature search and I looked for accidental intentional overdoses for ivermectin, and I couldn't find a single study, whereas you do that for Tylenol, I mean, thousands, thousands of reports. So once I knew it was safe, then I started using it, and then I found it worked. And then, yeah, all in all, I treated well over 6,000 patients and everybody that got early treatment stayed outta the hospital.


I also had patients come in that were really sick in the second week. And that, that was such a learning experience for me, because, you know, normally if somebody walked into my office with an oxygen saturation in the low eighties, I would call an ambulance. But I had patients who would refusing to go to the hospital, and I had to give them the option to possibly die in my office, which is scary. But we saved them. I mean, we, we just threw the kitchen sink at 'em, and we didn't have monoclonal antibodies. So we did, we brought 'em in every day. We did IV steroids, we did IV antibiotics, we gave them home oxygen, we gave 'em high dose of ivermectin.


We did everything we could. And it was amazing. I mean, they survived. It was very gratifying. So you think it was probably a combination of all the different medications and all the different treatments? You Know, I, I would vary my approach depending on the severity, the comorbidities. I mean, it's, it is an art, not a, you know, a protocol is a guideline, right. But every patient is sort of individual. And so for the patients, you know, the one patient I'm thinking of, I mean, you had history of two heart attacks. He had a history of throat cancer. He, he came in with an oxygen level. It was below 80. I can't remember exactly what it was, but I mean, so I just did everything, you know, I took everything that I could and, and gave it to him And it worked.


But, and I had a few people like that. But, you know, the, if a, you know, a 20-year-old came in, I'd probably just give him some ivermectin. And, you know, it just depends. Why did you decide to try ivermectin even though there was all this negative propaganda? Well, because I had patients coming to see me who needed help. I mean, I just wasn't going to shut my door. I'd already established that I could help people with monoclonal antibodies. So I still had people coming to me seeking help, and I just didn't have the heart to say no. And I knew it was safe. So I, I knew that, you know, it was a little bit iffy, but I knew it was safe and there was good data showing it worked. It's just, you know, one thing, you can find a, a study to support any argument you want in medicine, I learned that in residency, all residents learn that.


We have, we have something called journal club where, you know, you sit down once a week and you pour through different articles. And the takeaway is, most articles are, you know, crap. They're not, they're not, they're low power or they're, they're conflicts of interest or, you know, they're not, they're designed poorly. So, you know, my mindset coming into the pandemic was, you know, the, the research, the journals are a starting point, but it's not, the final say is your, your own clinical experience and what you're seeing. And, you know, we had never seen COVID before. This was a brand new entity. So we were learning on the fly, but you know, I've never treated this many patients with a single disease in my career.


I'm sure I never will again. And so you quickly become an expert. And, you know, doctor, I, I can't speak for all doctors, but we like to do well. We like our patients to get better. It's gratifying. That's how, it's sort of how you get job satisfaction is seeing your patients do well. So why would I, you know, continue to have, you know, COVID patients come in if I couldn't help them. And it's astounding to me that the doctors in the hospitals just didn't pivot, didn't try new things. And I guess they were handcuffed by, you know, the hospital administrators. But it just seems to me that, you know, there was a, a doctor in, in Houston, Joe Verone, who I'm pretty good friends with, who a critical care doctor.


And he was one of the founders of F-L-C-C-C, which is sort of the, they developed the original protocols for Ivermectin. And Dr. Verone had much better success than most other doctors. His overall success rate was 4.4% of his patients died, whereas in other hospitals average around 20%. And he did, he threw the kitchen sink at them, at people. And he, he basically followed this F-L-C-C-C hospital protocol. So when the monoclonal antibodies were suppressed, what, what was the messaging like? What did they say to doctors? They said that the, the strain of the virus was no longer covered so that it had evolved And it wouldn't work.


But At the same time, they're using the exact same vaccine. Exactly. And they had switched the monoclonal antibodies periodically. So it wasn't like they started with one and stuck with it the same the whole time. They switched it as things evolved, but They, it was really clear. And the propaganda was shocking because we've all seen propaganda with foreign conflicts, weapons of mass destruction, all that jazz. We've all seen propaganda. But when Rolling Stone Magazine printed an article saying that people were, the hospitals were overflowing with people overdosing on Ivermectin and gunshot victims couldn't get in. And then they used a stock photo, which was of a bunch of people wearing winter coats.


And like, I think it was, I think the article was August in Oklahoma. Like the whole thing was so, it was so brazen and sloppy and obvious, especially with in the age of Google. If this had all gone down in the 1980s, we would all be in the dark. We would've no idea. We would've went like, wow. I guess I, the Iver Mexican's killing people. You know, we wouldn't have known until like 2030. You know, people would've like, you've been a conspiracy theorist. You've been a crazy person. Like one of those people that could tell you all the facts about the Kennedy assassination. Right. You know, with Wild Eyes, Oliver Stone, you know. But it was so obvious And it was so confusing because I, you know, I had had people on my podcast before where, you know, I had a doctor song and I would talk about foolish people that don't believe in traditional medicine.


Like people that wanna try different things. Like, are you cra people that were anti-vaccine or anti-anything? I'd like these are the best people at the front of the line. Trust them five years later. I'm like, don't trust anybody. They're all compromised. It's all money. Right? And that was the most disheartening thing. The propaganda was disheartening, but it was that the whole system is compromised. And then when I found out that pharmaceutical drug companies are, they're the ones that are funding studies and that they could have a whole ton of studies. They don't have to divulge all the data from their studies. They only have to show you some studies that were carefully crafted to show efficacy. But all the other studies that they had that even showed negative effects, they could bury those.


They didn't have, they weren't held responsible. Exactly. I was like, what is this? Like, what is this? It's, but it's like everything in the world, when money gets involved, You know that Rolling Stone tweet is still up. That's, I found, I found it yesterday. I couldn't believe it. That's So wild. Look at that. Look at these people wearing winter coats. So apparently this was a bunch of people that were waiting in line for the flu shot, gunshot victims. Those, all those people got shot. What the fuck is going on in Oklahoma? They is shooting folks. They think it's the wild west out there. Imagine if those were all gunshot, ma. But look how crazy that article is or that tweet is. I know. It's gunshot victims left waiting as horse dewormer overdoses overwhelm Oklahoma, by the way.


Zero horse dewormers there. Zero. Well, it was a total lie. Well, in, you know, even last Friday, vanity Faired an article on Maha and Cali means, and they quoted me in it and in, you know, in their description of me, they used horse dewormer. I could not believe it. Still. Catherine Eon the, the reporter for Vanity Fair. Wow. And she buddied up to me, acted like we were good friends. That's what they always do it. Yep.


This episode is brought to you by Better Help. Sometimes it could feel like you're carrying the weight of the world on your shoulders. And for guys especially, it could feel like you have to carry that burden on your own. There's a lot of stigma around men being the provider to keep it all together by themselves. But that's not good for you, your family or anyone. Did you know that 6 million men suffer from depression every year in the US And it often goes undiagnosed because of these stigmas. Real strength isn't bottling things up inside, though. It's admitting to your faults and doing something to better yourself. So go talk to someone, a friend, your partner, family, A therapist Therapy is an excellent tool everyone should utilize. It's a great way to learn more positive coping skills. Like how to manage stress and help you live a more balanced and fulfilling life. Better Help is a great place to start that conversation. Judging by the millions of reviews and the 4.9 rating in the App Store, it's helped many people across the globe as the largest online therapy provider in the world. Better Help can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. Talk it out with Better Help. Our listeners get 10% off their first month@betterhelp.com slash jre. That's better. HE lp.com/jr.


They're all dirty. I learned a, a valuable lesson. It's So dirty. It's such a dirty business. God, I used to have massive respect for journalists. Yeah. If I had never done this podcast, I would be your regular schmo out there with, you know, just spitting out all the company lines that, all the blast all over the news. I kind of liked it better then It was a lot easier. Right. I didn't think the world ignorance is bliss. I didn't think the World was filled with demons, money, hungry demons that are willing to sacrifice human lives in the pursuit of, of revenue. It's crazy. That's why we have to continue this fight because people have lost all trust with good reason. With good reason. That's why I'm having you on.


That's why I continue to talk. People are still up with the COVID already. I get it. Folks, if this is not for you, move on. Mary and I will still be bitching about this for the next three years. Right. Well I, you know, for me it was just, it was such a wake up call. 'cause it's so weird to see your face on TV Green. First of all, that was weird. And then this term horse dewormer. I'm like, why you guys aren't concentrating on the fact that a 55-year-old man is fine Three days later during the worst strain. It was during the Delta where everybody's freaking out, this one's gonna kill us all. And I was fine in three days and I made this video. I'm like, I'm sorry I have to, to cancel the concert this weekend. You know, I got COVID, but I'm good now. And then the, I had, I didn't think that was gonna be anything.


Right. I thought that was just gonna be the people that bought tickets to see Dave Chappelle and I in New Orleans. And that was gonna, was it Nashville? Wherever it was, that's all it was gonna be. Those folks, they're gonna be upset. I'm sorry. You know, we'll make it up to you. Your tickets still count. That's all. I thought it was gonna be, I thought it was gonna be like a normal tweet that I put out, or a normal Instagram post that I pull out, put out. And then all of a sudden I hear that Neil Young wants me removed from Spotify. I was like, what the fuck is going on? This is crazy. Spotify got calls from two former presidents. Really? Oh yeah. What about, oh Yeah. Did they de platform? Did you get censored or de Platformed any way? No, I grew by 2 million subscribers in a month.


Right. I did because 'cause people started listening. Cause it wasn, they made it sound like I was this maniac. And they started listening like, oh, he's really reasonable and pretty humble about all this stuff. And just asking questions and bringing people on. Like Dr. Robert Malone, who has nine patents in the, in invention of mRNA vaccine technology. Like he's one of the He took it himself. Yeah. He was reporting his insane adverse side effect where he almost died. He was telling about it and they labeled him a kook for that. What, What, what made you so awake though? Well, That Just, just Malone that No, well, Malone Peter McCullough, but I'm, I've always been the type of person that is, like, if someone is saying something and they have rock solid connect, Dr. Peter McCullough is the most published physician in his field in human history.


Like this is a incredibly well respected doctor up until he took a moral and ethical stand saying that this is not what they're saying, this is not what we should be doing. And then destroyed. Yeah. They tried to destroy his Career. He at a horrible, It's insane. Yeah. But the, the man has incredible courage and he was labeled all ki when I would tell people he's the most published physician at time, they, you'd see their eyes glaze up. Like they didn't want to hear it. I'm like, maybe he's right. Well, five years later we know he is right. We know he was right. He was right all along. I mean, the, the whole, so for me, when there's pe there's always a bunch of people that are ideologically or financially captured.


And then there's people that feel morally obligated to tell the truth. And you can spot those people. And when I spotted a few of them, like, okay, let me hear him out. I might be the, the guy that goes, no, this guy's a kook and he's gonna cross people lives. Or I might be someone who go, Hey everybody hit the brakes. Right? Like, you might be getting bamboozled here. And especially the, the real concern with any sort of a new drug is always the side effects. But when you have indemnity, when when you have complete immunity for any financial liability like the vaccine manufacturers do, and all you have to do is label it a vaccine. Right. Because that's not a traditional vaccine.


It's just not, they changed the definition for mRNA vaccine technology before that. It was not that. It was a very different thing we all had in our head. Vaccines are good. That's why they don't get sued because we need vaccines. You know? And then, then unfortunately I read Robert F. Kennedy Jr's book, the Real Anthony Fauci. I was like, oh my God. Did you, what was your initial thought about the COVID shot? What was your mindset? I don't already take it. Did you take It? No, I didn't take it. But that's why they were so mad at me. I was ready to take it. I, I, the UFC had allocated shots for all the Johnson Johnson for all their employees. And I showed up there on a Saturday, which was the day of the fights.


And I said, can you give it to me? And they said, yeah, sure, let's call the doctor. We'll set it up. I thought I was gonna get a shot. I thought it was like a flu shot. Like I'll get that shot and I'll go do the broadcast. I was gonna do the broadcast. I didn't think anything of it. I was not worried about it at all. And they said, no, you have to come to the clinic and do it. Could you do that on Monday? And I said, I can't, but I'll be back in two weeks. During the time that I was trying to get it. And then in two weeks later when the next fights were, it got pulled from the market, I mean, because of blood clots. And then two people I knew had strokes and I was like, hold the fuck up. Yep. And then I got real nervous because there was a lot of family members that were like really pushing it, you need to get vaccinated. Everyone should get va.


Have you gotten vaccinated? Get vaccinated. We all need to do our part. We all need to get vaccinated. And you know, then I became a heretic, you know, back then. Then I was like, okay, I don't, I don't think I wanna do. And I had a bunch of friends that had horrible side effects. Yeah. Including one of 'em who is a young guy was a pacemaker now. Yeah. Yeah. His heart stopped beating for like nine seconds at a time and he would black out. It was wild shit was happening. And I was like, I don't understand why this isn't on the news. I don't understand. And then I'm like, oh my God, I'm the news. I'm like, I have to be the news. Yeah. I don't wanna be the news. I like talking shit. I like having a bunch of comedians here. We have laughs we get silly, you know, have a few drinks, watch some funny videos, crack each other, have fun.


Or scientists. I like to have fascinating people in here. Tell me how the cosmos was formed. I'm not, I don't want to be someone who distributes information to the masses that's been lied to. That's not, that's, I don't have any lofty goals like that. Like I wanna be the, I want be the one who tells the truth. And that's not what I do. No, I'm just a curious person who talks to people. Wa was it hard for you to get ivermectin? No, I got it from India like that. I got boxes of it. I was handed it out to everybody. I think we still have, have somewhere here. Well most people Don't to go to India to get their medicine. I know in The us Well I, that was after my doctorate. Got it for me. My doctor got it for me. I think I fucked it up for everybody. I think me becoming the attack boy when they went after me, I don't think they would've attacked anybody that didn't have a large platform like that.


And I don't think they would, I should say it better. I sh I don't think they would've attacked Ivermectin the way they did. I think they would've just suppressed it. And it wouldn't have been a public thing because it wouldn't have got out. But I think the problem was me saying that the thing, the crazy thing is I said all that other stuff too. I said IV vitamins. I said Z-Pak, prednisone. I told them all the things my doctor put me on and all they concentrated on was this Ivermectin thing. I was like, this is wild. Like what is going on? Yeah. And then I was like, am I wrong about Ivermectin? Like, and then I started just reading about the scientists doing the, the team that invented it and how they won a Nobel Prize. I'm like, okay, what the hell is happening? Like this is nuts.


This is so weird. Well it was all part of the, you know, getting the shot in every arm and that's, they had to go after Ivermectin. I mean they launched a war on Ivermectin. Pierre Corey wrote a book about it. Yes. But I had Pierre on early on too. Yeah. Yeah. And I actually sued the FDA over that horse tweet and we won. It hasn't really changed anything but, so the FDA, when they put that information or misinformation out against Ivermectin, they were really crossing a line. 'cause they're not allowed to tell the public, you can't take a medication for this or you should take a medication for that. They're basically allowed to just approve medications and move on.


I mean, they can issue a safety alert if there's something that comes up, but they're not allowed to really direct patients. And that's what they did. And so we did sue them and we won and they had to take down the horse tweet and they had to take down the misinformation on their website. But unfortunately, as you know, evidenced by what just happened on Vanity Fair. I mean the brand of it being only for animals still lives on. And you know, it'd be great What happened at Vanity Fair. So the reporter still used the term horse dewormer. Right. Oh. But the recent article, I mean yeah, Wild. Right, wild. You're, you're still able a horse dewormer pusher in 2025. Right, Right.


When Chris Cuomo was out there talking about how he's taking it for long COVID. Right, Right. But we would, it'd be great if the FDA could issue some sort of statement. Yeah. You know, saying that it is safe, that it is used in humans. They don't have to say much more than that. But, you know, we could use a little help in rebranding Ivermectin. And there are also a bunch of states that are trying to make it over the counter. I'm not sure if you've seen that, but Yes, I have 17 states have had bills in the last legislative session trying to get Ivermectin over the counter. Three have been successful. So Tennessee, Idaho and Arkansas. Four, they're, it is still in deliberations and 10 they failed.


But another thing the FDAI believe should do is make Ivermectin over the counter because people are basically going to the feed store. I mean, my, my own kid, he had some sort of scabies situation in West Texas over the weekend. He had to go to the feed store to get treatment. And I, yeah, I did a poll on Twitter. 52% of the respondents said they go to the feed store to get their ivermectin. I mean, Is there any difference in the ivermectin from the feed store? I don't know. I mean, I haven't heard of anybody having issues, but it's just unnecessary. This is America. It's crazy. We should be able to get the medication very easily. And there is some sort of an efficacy for some sort of skin infections. Is that true? Scabies is, is one of the, yeah. Yeah. So, but you use a topically, is that how it's worked?


You can, I mean, for hip, for scabies, actually you can take it orally. Okay. But yeah, so we shouldn't have to go to India. We shouldn't have to go to the feed store. We should be able to just go to, I mean, in Mexico you Can get, I got from India. He still emails me. You need any more my friend. I don't know. That kind of worries me because you just, I just bought boxes. I was handed out boxes to people because so many people were telling me they couldn't get it. Right. Right. And so I'm like, let me just get a lot of it while I still can. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I guess it's, it's probably fine, but it's just people giving unn unnecessary Me. People are giving it to me at shows. Oh, they were as gifts. I carry it around my purse. I like do reine for something. Oh, here's my Ivermectin. It's Just Oh, I know people that take it as a prophylactic all the time.


Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Which is so it it's just what a weird drug to go after that was on the World Health organization's list of essential medicines. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, how many people who had yellow fever and all river blindness, all sorts of different parasitic infections. It won a Nobel Prize And it showed that it stopped viral replication in vitro. Yeah. Like they knew that. Yeah. You know, I remember when I brought that up to Sanjay Gupta, it was like, but you know, it does. Right. And you could see the look on his face where it's like, I could, he couldn't talk about that. Yeah. He had to skirt around it and just do his best to, but it was like, this is kind of crazy to make an off-label medication so taboo.


Yeah. And then to stop monoclonal antibodies, just stop them. Well, you couldn't get them. It's criminal. Yeah. My friend, one of his buddies was in the hospital and because he was in the hospital, they wouldn't give him Yeah. Monoclonal antibodies. Oh yeah. If you, if you, if you cross that threshold, you, you are not gonna get monoclonal antibodies. What is that about? Does that make any sense to you? Well they, they did it by the day, apparently there was some data showing if you gave it too late in the time course it actually makes things worse. How many people did they give it to that were too late? I, I mean, how do we know this? I, Does That seem Like it's all suspicious? It does seem suspicious because like why would, if something, if you, you've shown something to be very effective done early on, wouldn't you assume it would continue to be at least somewhat effective?


Right now if you're trying to stop someone who's on the brink of death. Right. Which this gentleman might wound up dying and they didn't get it to 'em. If you're just trying to stop and the you can't do it because you're admit you're in the hospital because you're admitted. Yeah. Like you should have like crazy data that shows like after 14 your feet fall off. 14 days of infection. Exactly. Your feet fall off, you go blind. If you take it well, can't give it to you. And my theory is they probably had a massive inflammatory response. 'cause we would see that, that people would get the monoclonal antibodies and they would just feel like complete hell that night because it was like a little war going on in the body. Right. And then they would wake up the next day feeling great. Right. I don't if you've had that experience, but yeah, I Pretty much did. So, you know, the second week of illness was the massive inflammatory response.


So I, my my thinking is the monoclonal antibodies may have just exacerbated that, but they could have counteracted that with, with high dose steroids. And that was another thing. They gave these like piddly doses of steroids in the hospital. And what stor steroids in particular Methyl prednisolone or Solumedrol was what we typically use if we were in Is that pred Prednisone? What I took? Is that the same thing? No. Well, prednisones an oral. There are different types, but like, I usually do Medrol dose pack rather than prednisone because it's been shown to help better with respiratory, it's not a huge deal. But in the hospitals they could give solumedrol and high doses of that. But they were giving very small doses of steroid, which is a problem.


Hmm. Interesting. Well that's, that's also one of the things that, that talked about in the RFK Junior book was that the studies that were saying that it was ineffective, the, the studies were not using the protocol that these doctors were using. And it seemed like these studies were designed to fail. Exactly. Exactly. And you know, like I said, you can find a study to support or Yeah. Or go against anything you want, basically. So I just relied on my clinical experience and I just had so many people saying, wow, it really made a big difference. And I saw people staying outta the hospital And it wasn't hurting anybody. So, but yeah, a lot of those studies were basically designed to fail.


Either, you know, the dose wasn't high enough or they gave it too late, or it was heavily funded by somebody that doesn't want it to succeed. Yeah. It's, it's all very bizarre. Like really, it's really bizarre to live through. And for you as a person who were, was out of medicine and then said, jump back in six months before all this, like what is it like to have your worldview sort of like spun around like that? Yeah, It's, it's, I mean it's good and bad. Like I feel sorry for the people that don't get it in a lot of ways. But I just never thought it would come to all this, you know, I, I didn't go back to work to have a huge, huge career.


I was just basically trying to stay busy And, you know, active and, And help people and Yeah. And, but I didn't envision this at all. It's been very impactful. I'll say that. Yeah. What has it been like, like having, I mean, having to do this, having do all these podcasts and Yeah. It's, It's, you Know, it's wild. Yeah. It's not what I envisioned at all. But it's been, you know, I feel vindicated finally, at least I'm not embarrassed to go to the school functions anymore or show up at the sporting gi events or, you know, I used to be scared to go to the grocery store because they just, they came after me so hard. And, and Houston, I mean Houston Methodist Hospital is sort of the, the country club, you know, the elite of the hospitals.


And so for the, for them to come after me was a, a big deal. It's hard to get privileges there. You know, they, their tagline is leading medicine and they were very proud of being the first hospital in the country to mandate the shots. They didn't need to go after me. I mean, I was nothing. I was, you know, I, I saw a lot of COVID patients, but in the grand scheme of things, I really wasn't, you know, I was not really doing anything. It's the Streisand effect, right? Yeah, Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. They, they attacked you and by doing so, they made the whole thing way bigger than it needed to be. But They did silence other doctors. I mean, I, I hear from doctors all the time that won't say anything. Yeah.


Because of what they did to me. Yeah. No, there's a lot of doctors that I know that were in danger of losing their license. 'cause they had prescribed Ivermectin And that was another thing. You know, the, the Federation of State Medical Boards, which is this private entity, they're actually located in Texas who oversees all the state medical boards. They sent out an, a directive to all the state medical boards concerning ivermectin, concerning misinformation and basically encouraging the medical boards to go after doctors like myself. And I mean, I'm still, I'm still tangled up with the medical board trying to clear my name. But they did that, that was, it all happened in that fall of 2021.


Right when Biden mandated the shots. They really came down hard on the doctors. So what did they do specifically to you? So I got several complaints, but only one of them is really stuck. The others have, I've cleared my name on, but they're all involving Ivermectin, no patient harm. The one that has stuck is from a hospital in Dallas called Texas Hugeley Hospital. And there was this man, a sheriff's deputy father of six who's basically dying. They were talking hospice. And his wife wanted him to have the opportunity to try ivermectin. And he had tried to get it before getting in the hospital and couldn't find a doctor willing to prescribe it.


So wife knew he was okay with it. And so she sued the hospital and then she asked me to come on as sort of the expert. They had to have a hos they had to have a doctor who was willing to prescribe it. 'cause they can't force the doctors to prescribe a medication. But they could force the hospital to give a doctor privileges who was willing to, to prescribe it. So that's where I came in and we won the case. And I, the hospital had a court order saying that they were going to give me emergency temporary privileges so that I could go into the hospital and give him ivermectin. Well there was all this, you know, stall tactics. They were supposed to give me the privileges the same day. And in, in other circumstances at that time, because of the pandemic, they were giving doctors same day privileges.


It wasn't this lengthy application process because there was a, a shortage of doctors. But for me, they made me submit my surgical case log for the last three years. They made me get three letters of recommendation. They made me fill out like a 30 page application. I got it all done in 24 hours. And then they're like, no, no, we're not, we're actually gonna deny you privileges. So it turned out into this big battle And it became very confusing 'cause they had to go back to the judge. And I finally got the green light, though the lawyer's like, we can go, you, you've got the green light. The judge, we got the order. There's no stay on the order. I, I send a nurse to the hospital because this is in Dallas and I'm in Houston. Shows up at the court order and the police greet her and turn her away.


There's not a big scene. She, she leaves, but she's not allowed to give him ivermectin. It turns out they did get a stay, but our lawyers weren't aware of it at the time. But this is what they're going after me. They said that I sent a nurse to the hospital without privileges and I caused a scene. And I am, you know, I harmed other patients by doing this. And it has been, I mean it's three and a half years they can't find an expert witness to testify against me. There have been three continuances. They finally were awarded summary judgment against me. So I'm already decide. They've decided I'm guilty and now I'm waiting for my punishment. There was a hearing about a month ago to find out, You know, what they're going to find me with and that sort of thing.


And I'm just waiting on that. But I do plan on appealing. It's just gotten crazy. Wow. So the first thing they attacked you with was what, what was the first one? Oh, for the medical board? Yes. I had, I had one pharmacist turn me in. 'cause we sort of gotten a pissing match on the phone. And then This is in 2021. That might have been, I can't remember. But around that time, I had another, I had a father reach out to me or a 17-year-old had a history of a kidney transplant and they were going to Europe and they wanted to have ivermectin just in case he got sick.


And I was talking to the dad and the stepmother. I didn't realize I wasn't talking to the mother. So the mother found out I prescribed him ivermectin and turned me in. But Ivermectin is, is metabolized by the liver, not the kidney. So it would be no harm for him to get, you know, I just having had a kidney transplant for him to get ivermectin and he never took the medicine, but it cost me $16,000 in legal fees to get that straightened out. So this was your first experience like, oh my God. Like this is a real battle. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I mean, I've never been in any trouble. I've never been sued. It's Did, did it, would it feel weird publicly yet?


Like, like when you, when you were saying you were having a hard time gonna the grocery store, you're worried that That was when Methodist came after me. So Methodist, They came after you very publicly? Yeah, they tweeted about me. They went to the, I found out that my privileges were suspended from a text message from a reporter. That's how I found out. I looked at it and I was like, what are you talking about? I did, I said, check your sources. I don't know what you're talking about. And then I go to my email and they suspended me and then they tweeted about it And it went, you know, I had CNN Washington Post going after me. It was, it was, it was traumatic. I mean, I was just a, you know, a mom of four with a small practice and all of a sudden I've got CNN calling me.


Wow. So What did, what was going through your mind why that was happening? I spent the weekend in the fetal position in a lot of tears. And then I was like, I was pissed. And I, and I just, I, on Monday I, you know, I hired a lawyer and I hired a guy to help me with the press. And I held a press conference on Monday. I resigned and then I sued them. So, and then I just have been working to try to clear my name. Wow. But it's just, it's so hard to imagine for someone who's never experienced what you went through, what that must be like emotionally to just get thrown to the wolves in front of the world.


Like publicly by people like CNN Like where, where it gets so weird because if, if that never happens to you, you look at CNN and you go, oh, they're the news. They're gonna tell me the truth. That's, I thought I just automatically thought that. Or they're at least saying what they're allowed to say. Maybe the government holds back some information, but they're not gonna lie. And then I, you see my own self on tv and I'm sure, but I'm used to being the guitar for things. I think the harder was is, you know, CNN whatever, but it's more just the locally, like going to the grocery store. Going to the baseball game with your kids playing and like hoping, you know, sitting in a corner. 'cause you don't want anybody to see you. Did anybody ever bother you?


No. Honestly. No. But you just feel self, you just feel very self-conscious. It's hard not to. Yeah. Even now, I mean, I still feel self-conscious, but it's a lot better. I mean, you know, mother, I had a Mother's Day event at school and people actually came up and said nice things to me for once. So that was Well that's nice. That Was nice. Well, a lot of people got red pilled, you know, to use the matrix expression, you know, where they, they woke up to what's really going on during, I mean, it's kind of a masterful job of propaganda over the years that the pharmaceutical drug companies have done. I mean, 'cause most people aren't even aware of how many drugs get pulled. They know, they're not aware of the high percentage of 'em. I, what is it in the thirties?


Well, yes, about 33%. Yeah. They don't, they looked at it over 10 years, 33% had significant safety warnings Yeah. On the drugs. And it took about four years for those to become recognized. I mean, they're drugs I used to prescribe that are no longer on the market. I mean, yeah. So yeah, like I said, it would've been any other drug would've definitely been pulled by now based on all the adverse events we've seen. But it's just very profitable. And that's what people have to wake up to. There's a bunch of factors, right? There's, there's the, the primary one, which is a bunch of scientists that are really trying to help people and they're really trying to develop new ways to cure Parkinson's and all sorts of other problems and cancer.


And, and these people are just constantly, and then there's the money people, the money people who take that thing and say, how do we give Oxycontin to everybody? And then you have the Sackler family, right? You have evil, you have like actual evil. Maybe they don't have horns, maybe they don't have a, a fork tail, but that's a demonic thing to do. You're, you're, you're, you're infecting people with essentially something that turns 'em into a zombie and it's killing people, especially in health. But you're gonna make a lot of money In health too. Yeah. Especially in health. You're just taking Advantage. You're so trusted. You're so, it's, you're coming from a position of authority. It's a very different thing, you know, in, especially in an area where most people are woefully ignorant. I mean, look how many doctors who are practicing doctors who are woefully ignorant about nutrition.


Right? Right. It's an enormous amount. Right? Yeah. Now imagine the average person who has to go to a specialist about something and they're being told, oh, you need Viox. This is this thing I'm gonna give you and it's gonna cure your arthritis. Like, oh, great. And then you fucking stroke out. Yeah. And the people who made that drug knew it was gonna cause problems in people. They, they, in the emails that were admitted during the hearings when they lost, or during the court proceedings, they, they wound up paying a fraction of what they made. They made like $12 billion. They had to pay, I think they had to pay five. So they made seven. You know, with, you know, it cost and stuff.


Stuff costs money. But Jesus, it's, it's so hard. It's so hard to wake up to that. It's so hard to like go, oh wait, so they're not looking out for us. They're not like trying to make us better. I always thought they were the people that were the most wonderful people in the world. They're the people that are providing the medication that's keeping everyone alive. This is why our life expectancy is a hundred years old now, as opposed to just 20 years ago, like, oh, great. Life expectancy has gone down actually. Whoops, whoops. Despite all the vaccines. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And vaccines are even their own special class. Right? It's the gossip, it's a religion, it's a gospel. I mean, we were, it was never questioned in my training.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. Some things take time hunting, developing healthy habits, gardening, you have to wait months for a decent crop. But it's rewarding to see all your hard work and patients come to fruition. On the other hand, there are some things you just can't sleep on, like your personal safety. And did you know, most home security systems don't take action until it's too late. That's why I like Simply Safe. They're on top of things, helping you stop break-ins before they happen, not after. They use a combination of live monitoring agents and AI powered cameras to keep an eye on your property and deter suspicious people. And you can use it to keep an eye on your garden that you've spent so much time and money on. Speaking of, that's another great thing about SimpliSafe the pricing. They have plans that started around a dollar a day with no hidden fees. What you see is what you get. There's a reason why millions of Americans continue to trust and use SimpliSafe. Don't wait. Get 50% off your new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and your first month free at simplisafe.com/rogan. That's simplisafe.com/rogan for 50% off in your first month free. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


This episode is brought to you by Eight Sleep. You guys must have heard about Eight Sleep by Now, right. You know, the company with the sole mission of improving your sleep. So Eight Sleep has just launched a new product, the Pod five, it's the latest generation of their signature innovation, a smart mattress cover that automatically regulates your body temperature throughout the night. The result you enjoy up to one full hour of additional quality sleep each night. Just put the pod five on top of your current mattress and let it work its magic. The AI driven autopilot will learn your sleep patterns and adjust your temperature elevation and wake up timing. And thanks to its built-in sensors, you get a personalized sleep report every morning. No need to wear any devices. Head over to Eight Sleep dot com slash rogan and use the code Rogan to get $350 off the pod. Five Ultra. You still get 30 days to try it at home and return it if you don't like it, but you will love it. I love it. I love mine. And your body will thank you for this investment in better sleep Eight Sleep shipping to countries worldwide. See details at Eight Sleep dot com slash rogan.


Never, I would, would've never question it. Not only that, I would not talk to anybody who did. I'd be like, get outta here. Right. I'm not having an anti-vaxxer on the show. Fuck off. But, but after reading Suzanne Humphrey's book, and I had her on recently reading that book, it was like, what? Wait a minute, what? And then just this can't be true. And then just look at the raw data of like when the vaccines were introduced and also when hygiene was introduced and sanitation was introduced, and then massive drop off of the disease. And then at the very end, when it's almost gone, vaccines are introduced in almost every case. And yet we all are thinking like, thank God vaccines exist. Because otherwise we'd all have polio. Like, oh Christ. Yeah.


It's, it, it bothers me that I never questioned it, Never would have the polio one blew me away when you find out that that was the same time that they were using DDT everywhere. And the people that were getting polio first were people in rural farmland communities where they sprayed DDT everywhere. And it wasn't just affecting people, it affecting horses And it doesn't cross species. So it wasn't the same thing. Clearly something was going on and everybody got locked into this polio scare. And to this day, I've had, I had a friend use that to me in a text message to me about like, look, we have to really appreciate that. You know, he was like trying to make up for some stupid joke.


And he was saying that we, you know, look at Jonah Salk Cure Polio. I'm like, I don't have the time. I don't have the time to sit down and tell him. There's a great book. It's called Dissolving Ellucians. You should read it and then you should read Turtles all the way down. So another great book, and then you should listen to Robert F. Kennedy Jr's journey from being a very respected and trusted environmental attorney who was applauded by the left to being some nutcase pariah, who I thought was a nutcase. I had to apologize to him when I had him on the show. I said, I have to tell you, when I first heard of you and IF like, I thought you were a kook. You're this anti-vaccine kook. I bought, I was living in LA working in Hollywood.


We, I bought into it iline and secret. Everybody around me thought that way. So I thought we all that's this is, its sensible, intelligent people think Yeah, but I don't think you can really convince people. I think they have to figure it out for themselves. No, and they don't want to hear it. That's the thing. It's like telling someone and their spaghetti monster in the sky's not real. Like they, you don't, they don't want to hear it. You just can't. Right. Yeah. I've, I've, I've just given up, but I, yeah, but there's hope. I mean, you, you came around and you're not in the field. Right. And people, I think, you know, COVID directly impacted every single American and not in a good way. Right? No, there's nothing good about it. And the only thing good about it was a, a shift in perspective.


Right. And that it's gonna be way harder to pull some shit off like this again. Right. People are not gonna buy into it. Especially all those vaccine injured people who keep getting gaslit. You know, why do they keep calling it long COVID? How come nobody I know wasn't vaccinated got long COVID. Right. Right. What is this long COVID you speak of? Is there a long flu? Is there, where's the long pneumonia? What the fuck are you talking about? Why are you calling it, is it possible that this is a vaccine injury? I'm just asking. Well, yeah, I've been looking at antibody levels in these people and it's, it's alarming. So we have an an, we really don't have a lot of tests for vaccine injured. It's, it's hard because they'll get the million dollar workup by the time they come to see me.


You know, they've, they've gone through, you know, multiple tests. They have multiple doctors. It's not really a million dollars. Is it the workup? Well, I don't know, but I'm, it's a lot. I'm exaggerating, but you know, they get, I just wanna be clear. I know it could be. They, for some Vanity Fair, I came Oh, exactly. Poy wormer, who claimed there was a million dollar markup. I just had to like, Actually, somebody should fact check me on that. And it probably, I'm sure probably higher than a million, but what second? Oh, so they get, you know, they go through the workup and then they can't find, they can't find a test to prove that they're injured. So the doctors will put them on psychiatric medication, they'll put them on sleeping pills and benzodiazepines and antidepressants. Literally, I saw a patient was put on all three. So the only test that I have found that does seem to correlate is this antibody test.


And it's a spike protein antibody test. LabCorp has it, that's where I send people, quest has it, but they put the upper limit. It's too low. So you don't really get a good sense. But it, you know, the upper limit of the test is 25,000. And, and people that have not gotten the COVID shots, I'd say it ranges. It's usually under a thousand. And then people that have gotten the shots, I mean, it's, a lot of them are off the chart. They're over 25,000. Wow. But on average, they're probably 10 times higher than the people that have not gotten the shot. And this is people who weren't, you know, they were vaccinated four years ago. It wasn't like they just got the shot. You know, obviously COVID is not an issue anymore in terms of, you know, people getting sick, but four years later you should not have sky high antibody levels.


And that's what I'm seeing. And that is alarming. It just suggests that there is a lot of spike proteins still in the body causing problems. And haven't they shown that the spike protein continues to be produced in the body up to 700 days later? There's, yes. I mean, that is, that's one study. There's some, you know what's interesting that study that antibody levels were really low, which doesn't make sense. So I kind of question the whole study, but yeah, I mean, I see it, I mean, I see patients, I mean, I still see vaccine injured patients coming to me for the first time years later. I, last week I probably saw six new vaccine injured patients, you know, and they, they, they're not getting any help.


The, the government, there's, it's called the CICP, that's avac. It's a countermeasures injury compensation program. They're supposed to help these patients. They have denied 98% of people that have applied for assistance. They, on average, they, I think they've awarded 20, they've awarded 30 people, 30 of all the vaccine injured that have applied 30 people. On average the award is like $4,000 for these people. It's horrible. I mean, these people's lives are just destroyed. These are not easy things to treat. It's not like I can give 'em an antibiotic and they're good to go and they're fine. I mean, they're very challenging. It's, we don't have a lot of guidance. I do see a lot of success with Ivermectin, but it's slow going.


It's usually, you know, months of trying to, to help them. And the government really needs to help these people because they, there's a lot of people suffering and they're, they're getting completely ignored. The other issue is we don't even have a code. So every disease has a, a numerical code, and it's called an ICD 10 code. It's what they use to compensate people for, or the insurance companies use them, but also for tracking. So if you have, you know, COVID has its own little code, and you can just dial in the code and get all the numbers. They don't have a code for vaccine injury. They have a code for vaccine hesitancy, but they don't have a code for injury. So all these people are just sort of, you know, they're getting all these diagnoses, but there's no way to track them.


It's a big problem. How Convenient. Yeah. Well, I would imagine you, the, the real problem with paying people is you'd have to pay so many. You know, But that's, we Can just print the money. I don't know what the problem is. I mean, what will you, what do you give them? What, what if you find out you have myocarditis and your life expectancy is greatly reduced, and we know for a fact it came outta this vaccine. What do you give a person like that? You're gonna take Their life's wages. What, what wages that they would've potentially earned. If, if It's Katie Perry, Well, so be it. If You Know what I'm saying. Like, you have to give her $2 billion. I don't care. Like what do you do? The vaccine companies can, can pay that money. I, I know, but it's insane. The, the number of people that I, that I personally know.


What's very shocking to me is when I talk to people that are pro-vaccine, still pro-vaccine. And when I be very specific mRNA vaccine, still pro COVID vaccine, that will tell me they don't know anybody who was injured by it. Yeah. I was like, how is that possible? How many people do you know? I know a lot. Yeah. I know two people on pacemakers. Yeah. Two. And they're young People. Yeah. Everybody knows somebody. Yeah. I know a lot of people that got fucked up, including family members. I know a lot of people that got fucked up and people that don't want to admit they got fucked up. All of a sudden they have this new cancer that's spreading like rapidly. Yep. It's terrifying. You know, it's like, I watched the Danny Jones podcast and you guys were trying to get, Casey means Callie.


Callie means to talk about SV 40. Right. Well, well, my thing with Callie, I, I actually talked to him last night just why he will not go on record to state that COVID shot should be pulled off the market. And that, you know, that's the whole ma he's the head of my, I look at him. Do you Think that's being political, that's trying to like appease too many people? What do you think that is? I, I can't read their minds, but I think it's eth I think anybody with a big microphone who is in a position of power and who knows the truth is eth ethically obligated to speak the truth. That's how I see it. I mean, I'm not a politician. I keep hearing the word strategy, but there are, you know, there are people I see. I'm just faced with the carnage every day in my office.


It's, it's just, I can't ignore it. And I don't understand why this is so difficult other than, you know, political. But it shouldn't be political. It shouldn't be. Right. That's what's disappointing because we thought that this administration come in And it was just gonna kick down doors, right? Like this is it Epstein list day one, who killed JFK? Let's find out what are all these fucking UFOs? You know? Like, That wasn't on my priority list, but Yeah, I'm mine. I'm a dummy. I was, that was my number one. Like if I had out of those three, give me that one. Give tell me the aliens are real, but they this political dance, this, this excuse for that. So I re really appreciated Jack Cruz kind of pestering him on that.


And then I've talked to Brett Weinstein about that as well. And he gave a, a breakdown of how it actually happened. And when the original kidney cells from these monkeys were being used to, to make vaccines Right. That they inadvertently get, gave these people this semi virus 40. Right. Which when it gets into the human body can lead to rapid cancer. Right. Well, yeah. That's one of the cancer causing issues with these shots. That's not the only one though. I mean, right. It goes into the cell. It's supposed to not get into the nucleus, but it could get in the nucleus. We know that it can get into the nucleus and then if it gets into the nucleus over, Well, at first they thought it was gonna stay local.


Right? Right. It's only gonna stay in the arm. Right. It's gonna stay right where your arm is. Your body will react to it. Right. It'll produce the antibodies and then you're good to go. Yeah. And then all these silly people, You can watch them die in the streets and laugh as you step over them. Ha ha ha. I was smart. Right. I trusted the science. Yeah, yeah. So they know that it, it, that's not true. It doesn't stay local. They know it doesn't dissipate within, it was a small amount of time that it's supposed to stay inside your body. They know that's not true. Right. So yeah, they have, they replaced one of the nucleotides with something that's hard to break down. Pseudo uridine, they've never shown that pseudo uridine is cleared from the body. There's no study showing that we can clear it.


So it could, that could be why these people have these sky high antibody levels four years later because the body might not be able to break it down. Oh my God. Oh my God. That's terrifying. What could you conceive of? Would that would help? Something like that. Like what, what could you do that would aid the body in being able to do something like that? Is there anything theorized? I, yeah, I don't know. I wish, you know, Robert Malone would be a good person to ask maybe. Yeah. You know, maybe something Like, yeah, you should come back on and do a victory, victory lap. Anyway. Yeah. That guy was torn apart. Yeah. They were trying so hard to make him out, to seem to be a kook. And every interview he would do, he would be so reasonable, so logical, so fact based and so knowledgeable.


And they still, they still, he was a kook. He was a kook. I remember some fucking guy yelled at me and excuse me, yelled at me in Vegas. He said something about me spreading disinformation. Then he said something about that idiot Malone. I'm like, that, oh, that guy. The inventor of mRNA Or one of them, you know, I mean it's, I don't know. I'm sure this, it's not like none of those things ever happened in a vacuum. I'm sure there's a ton of people working on that, but he was one of them. Right. He's a fucking brilliant guy. But So how did they find out that it can get into the nucleus? Well, if you look at lip, if you look at lipid nanoparticles, and that's sort of the, that's what, otherwise if you just put mRNA into the body without the lipid nanoparticle, it would get destroyed.


So they put the, they put it in the shell, the lipid nanoparticle. And there are studies showing lipid nanoparticles can cross the nuclear membrane. So there's, there's that. Kevin McKernan is a scientist. He's, he's on XA lot. He's done a lot of work in that showing DNA contamination that's getting into these shots in, In addition to the SV 40. And he's DNA contamination. Right. So there's, there's, and this was what Joe Lao, the surgeon general of Florida, he has actually called for the COVID shots to be pulled off the market. And his, his main argument was there is a certain amount of DNA that is allowed in any kind of these products.


And we have proof that they have exceeded that threshold. So there have been studies showing that there's excess DNA in these samples, which shouldn't be there. And that's just sort of this hard line that shouldn't be crossed. Where's this DNA coming from In the production process, I guess. But it's, it's pretty cut and dry. I think that's why Dr. Ladi has chosen this argument to go by. Because there's just like a hard line that you don't cross. And they have crossed that. And what happens if you get too much DNA? Well, you can integrate. Yeah. The concern is, does it integrate into your own, into your cell?


DNA, are We gonna make and Mess things up Are gonna monkey people. I I mean imagine cancer, But cancer, that's right. You can imagine if we made like hybrid people, they turned out to look like Neanderthals. Like, you know, like we, we injected them with something that twisted their, their genes back. But just the idea of manipulating your DNA is so terrifying. It's like, what, what? Well, In, in pregnant women. Right? Right. That's, that's Integrating, You know, it'd be one thing if it's a 70-year-old man, but a pregnant woman who Yeah. You hear that term's got these integrate, DNA, you don't think good things. That's like immediately I'm like, what? Right. And these things are technically gene therapy products. They're not vaccines. So, Which is a real problem with using the same term. Like why not use a new term?


Well, because then you wouldn't be under the umbrella of protection. Right. The vaccines currently enjoy where they can't be. Which is so crazy. It's so crazy. It's just hard to believe it's true. It really is. It is. And so for a person like you that just like you were, were saying see the carnage every day. Tell me what it's been like. Like what is it like? It's hard because as an ENT I'm used to, I'm used to fixing people quickly. So you know, I, I get somebody with a sinus infection, get them an antibiotic, they're good to go. I get somebody with an abscess. I drain the abscess good to go. It's, it's sort of why I chose my specialty. 'cause I like to see the results quickly.


I didn't go into primary care reason for a reason. Like I, and so when I see the injured, it's like, you know, it's very slow growing, slow going. We don't have a lot of research. It's trial and error. These people are young. You were previously young and healthy and their lives have just com been completely destroyed. I don't have a big support system of other specialists I can send them to. It's hard. I mean, I don't feel sorry for myself, but I'm just saying it's just very different from what I'm used to as a doctor. So I really hope that the government will step up and do something about this. Yeah. That would be a nice thing to hope to do something about it.


But it would be really nice if some real research was done on what are the actual long-term effects. If you're, if everyone's looking at it from a position of we can't get, you know, sued for this, this is dangerous. Like we, someone has to look at it and say, well this, these are the definite effects of this vaccine because it's too much. This is long COVID, it's too much. Oh, he got a, a neurological condition that was gonna happen anyway. It just coincidentally happened after he took the COVID shot. Like there's gotta be some way to determine what of these ailments. Like specifically, like when you're talking about the abnormal antibody levels, like Well, there are patterns.


I mean I definitely see the same sort of things over and over again. So it's not like, you know, But as you said, it doesn't have a classification. Right. It doesn't have a code. So we need an ICD 10 code for these. That seems kind of crazy. Yeah. Well Imagine if that was the case with like herpes, everybody would be like, Hey, yeah. Put a damn code in there so we know what this is. Right. But there, you know, I see very similar constellation of symptoms. I see patients with these abnormal tremors, which, you know, they can't stop shaking even when they're sleeping. They feel internal vibrations. Oh Jesus. Or they'll have severe pain that you can't explain. You know, you get an MRI, there's nothing nerve, there's no nerve damage that you can tell.


I've seen some very strange rashes and normally, you know, it doesn't matter what kind of rash it is, you throw a few meds at it and it'll disappear. But actually the only thing that I've found helpful is ivermectin for these strange rashes. And you see pots where the blood pressure, that's the hardest, I think, and this is this, we're seeing a lot of this where the blood pressure just drops suddenly with, with no stimulation or the, the heart races with no provocation. That is very common and very difficult to treat. That's a good friend of mine. Yeah. He says every now and then his heart will just jack up to like 180. Yep. And he has to sit down and he just has to hope that this isn't the last time he breathes.


Yeah. He just sits there. He has a heart monitor. He puts one of them wristwatch ones. The Garmin one. He just watches his heart jack up to like 180, 180 beats per minute. Just sitting there for no reason, not knowing if you're gonna die. Right. Another friend of mine who was really young, was a soccer player, super healthy guy, super fit, gets the vaccine all of a sudden, giant heart racing in the middle of the night. Like out of control. Like, you know, like you're running a seven minute mile. Just jacked. Yeah. Yeah. And he wound up in the hospital twice. They, nothing they could do. It all went away. It stopped. Went back to normal after a while. But now he's got this like terrible fear that he's got a fucking time bomb in his chest. Yeah.


That outta nowhere. Which just his heart would just ramp up And you could say like, oh, that was, it's probably a genetic thing. You probably had it already. It was like maybe, but this guy was super fit. Yeah. Super fit soccer player. And that's the athletes. Yes. The sudden death athletes. So it used to be 29 per year and that's 290 per year growth. 10 times. It's Crazy Dropping dead. That's The rarest of rare people to drop dead in the middle of nowhere. The, the, the best athletes in the world, the people are the healthiest in the prime of their life. Right. And I worry, it's super rare I worry about these kids because, you know, myocarditis, the primary symptom is chest pain.


But if you've got a kid who's not even speaking yet, you have no idea. If they have my myocarditis and myocarditis can leave a permanent scar on the heart and then lead to a lifelong increased risk of sudden cardiac death and kid. We have no idea if it's, if these kids have been affected. Yeah. And how many kids did we see dropped out of heart attacks in like high school football this year? Right. Like over, over the last four years. Rather. It, it was like, you'd see these articles pop up all the time. You never saw those articles. Or if you did it was super rare And it some kid with a heart condition that was never diagnosed. Which does happen. Yeah. And The schools are now making kids get cleared by a doctor before doing sports.


Which I don't remember that when we were kids. Wow. Yeah. They just threw us right onto the wrestling team. They didn't check shit. They didn't even see if you had a cold. Right. Yeah.


I mean, I don't know. This episode is brought to you by Montana Knife Company makers of the best, most sought after knives out there. The company is founded by my friend Josh Smith. He's been making knives since he was 11 years old and became a master bladesmith at just 19, which is wild 'cause there's only about 140 to 150 master bladesmiths in the world. Plus these knives are made right here in the USA, right in Montana. And they're designed, tested, and built by hunters. For hunters. I've been loving the Magna Cut Blackfoot 2.0 when Master Bladesmith, my friend Josh Smith, launched Montana Knife Company. He set out to create the ultimate do it all knife, small and light enough to pack on a goat hunt, durable enough to completely field dress a moose and shape a gut cape, skin and de-bone with ease. He called this flagship knife the Blackfoot, And it remains his go-to blade. And I love it as well. It's truly the only hunting knife you'll ever need. Although MKC is still a young company, the demand is already crazy. Literally every time they drop a batch, they sell out in minutes. So if you want to be the first to know, sign up for SMS alerts for exclusive knife drops and their email newsletter to get notified about restocks. Or go to Montana knife company.com and see what's available. Now


We all know Americans are still recovering from years of surging prices. Now some in Congress wanna make cuts to Medicaid. A program that provides critical healthcare to 72 million struggling Americans, including veterans, people with disabilities, kids and your friends and neighbors. 40% of American births are covered by Medicaid. And Medicaid covers healthcare costs for a third of children with cancer. Working families rely on this program. It has 77% support. Nearly nine in 10 Americans oppose Medicaid cuts. Did you know that 12 million Medicaid families live in rural communities? Many of these people voted for President Trump, but they didn't vote for this. If Congress cuts Medicaid, a lot of rural hospitals could close and a lot of rural families will be hurt. No matter how you look at it. Cutting Medicaid just doesn't make sense. Tell Congress not to cut Medicaid, our health and our communities to depend on it. Paid for by the coalition to strengthen America's healthcare.


What's better? It's probably better to screen 'em, you know, they'll find those undiagnosed conditions that kids can have, you Know. Well, I just think that, I think it's in response to what's happening. Oh, I Know that it's, oh yeah, it certainly is. But I mean, that might be the good aspect of it. Right? Maybe some people will get diagnosed that didn't have any idea that they were running around with a problem and they could fix It. But myocardi it is hard to diagnose. Like really, the only way You can diagnose myocarditis for sure is to do either a biopsy or a cardiac MRI, which is, you know, most kids are not gonna be put through that. Right. Jesus. It's scary. And it's, what's crazy is this is all true. And yet us talking about it makes us both look like kooks.


Like we then will be labeled for sure. Someone will go out and attack us now and label us anti-vax, anti-science kooks. And this is what's dangerous about this conversation. This is what's dangerous about what they said. And you know, those people work for the devil. Well, do you think you'll get censored on YouTube this interview? No. You don't? No, because I was just on Jimmy Dore. Yeah. And you guys, And they had to bleep out like a full sentence of mine. YouTube. I'm not bleeping out shit. I'm not bleeping out shit. You think it'll be okay? We'll find out. I I think it's wrong if it's not okay. If it's not okay. I think YouTube is more reasonable now than they were during the pandemic. And I think they have a very difficult job managing content at scale, where you're dealing with, you know, the, the amount of people uploading things is insanity.


And they have certain things that they've tagged as being controversial because they were anti-science or misinformation that it's still, there's like lingering ones. What was the issue that we had, Jamie? We had like an old episode where there was something in the old episode that would've violated their rules back then. It doesn't violate them now, but we, because the episode was uploaded back then. What happened with that? I just, it had like a weird, at the time, the penalty was like a, you had to do something and so like, they couldn't take that step away. That was kind of the issue. But the bottom line was bullshit. Everything this person said was true and proven to be true now.


And now it's a hundred percent facts. So now you can say whatever you want. Like now, if you say, hey, you know, super likely that that virus leaked from a lab in China and now you can say that, right? Like back then you would get attacked. Yeah. It would be crazy. You'd be called a racist. You'd be called the worst things possible if you just said like the wonderful John Stewart bit that he did on Colbert show. Did you ever see that bit? Mm, I I can't remember. You wanna see it? Refresh my memory. Oh yeah, Let's watch it. 'cause it's really hilarious. This is like in the heart of the pandemic, you know, and Stephen Colbert was like vaccine or death, you know, he was all in on it. And so Colbert was like trying to like halt him in the middle. He's doing a bit.


John Stewart's doing a, he's doing a funny bit and Colbert tries to like cock block it. He tries to like trip him. But John Stewart powers through like, like the comic that he is. You find it? Yeah. Don't tell me it was taken down. No, there's just Two versions of it. Once, nine minutes. Once four, four minute one. All right, give us this one. Alright, this is it. I I, and I honestly mean this. I think we owe a great debt of gratitude to science. Science has in many ways helped ease the suffering of this pandemic, which was more than likely caused by science.


So, And that's kind of Hold on. Was that No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Not. Listen, listen, I, I'm, it's coffee. I wouldn't do that to you. I'm, I wouldn't do that to you. I'm so, what, what do you, but what do you, what what, what, what do you mean by that? Do you mean like, perhaps there's, there's a chance that this was created in a lab. There's an investigation, a Chance. Well, but I, I, I, I, I I, oh My God. If there's evidence, I'd love to hear. I tell There's a novel respiratory coronavirus overtaking Wuhan China. What do we do? Oh, you know who we could ask the Wuhan novel respiratory coronavirus lab. The disease is the same name as the lab.


That's just, that's just a little too weird. Don't you think? And then they ask those scientists, they're like, how did this, so wait a minute. You work at the Wuhan Respiratory Coronavirus lab. How did this happen? And they're like a Pangolin. Kiss the turtle. And you're like, no, I you the name of your la if you look at the name, look at the name. Can I Let me see your business card. Show me your business card. Oh, I work at the Coronavirus lab in Wuhan. Oh. 'cause there's a coronavirus Loosen Wuhan. How did that happen? Maybe a bat flew into the claw acre of a Turkey and then it sneezed into my chili.


And now we all have coronavirus like come. Okay, wait a second. Wait A wait a second. Wait a second. This. What About this a second. Listen to this. Wait a second. Alright, John. Oh my God. Oh my God. There's been an outbreak of chocolatey goodness near Hershey, Pennsylvania. What do you think happened? Like, oh, I don't know, maybe a steam shovel made it with a cocoa bean. Or it's the chocolate factory. Maybe that's it. That could be, that could be Coberg kept trying to get in the way That, that could be. By the way, I gave them all tuberculosis.


Just good. That could, that could very well be. And Anthony Fauci and Francis Collins and NIH have said like, it should definitely be investigated. Don't Stop with the logic and people and things. The name of the disease. Wait a second, wait a second. The building. Wait a second. But I, And it could be possible. You could be right. It could be possible that they have the lab in Wuhan to study the novel Coronavirus diseases. Because in Wuhan there are a lot of novel coronavirus diseases because of the bat population there. Sure. No, I understand It. It's like the thing like, Wait a second. It's local specialty and it's the only place to find bats. You won't find bats. Wait anywhere else? It's like saying why Wait, wait.


Austin, Texas has thousands of them that fly out of a cave every night. Every night at dusk. Is there a a coronavirus, an Austin Coronavirus? No. It doesn't seem to be an Austin Coronavirus. The only coronavirus we have is in Wuhan. Yes. Where they have a lab called, what's the lab called again? Steven? The Wuhan novel Coronavirus Lab. I believe that's the case. And how long have you worked for Senator Ron Johnson? Let me tell you something, Tell you something about Ron Johnson. This is not a conspiracy. Here's the thing about science. You could be right here's, you could be right, but this is the problem with science.


Science is incredible. This is it. But they don't know when to stop. Okay. And nobody in the room with those cats, He's gonna do the other thing that we already saw. Yeah. The other thing we talked about the Spanish flu, which a lot of people never heard that before either. They did. What? Isn't that great? That's one of the best segments ever on late night to television ever in the history. Emperor wears no clothes. And Colbert thinks the emperor still has a fancy robe on. Well this is the job of comedians in society at certain times. And John Stewart, he held the torch. I didn't realize he was enlightened. Well, he's a very smart guy. He's just, he's not a bullshitter. You know, he's a very smart guy. Has he?


I don't agree with him on everything, but ha ha Has he come around on the shot? I don't know. I don't know. I haven't spoken to him. He lives in another state. But I love the guy. He's great. And he's, He very, he was my favorite. Very funny comic comedian comic like when I was younger. He's A great comic. Yeah. Very funny guy. And a very nice guy. And very fair and honest. You know, he's, he's a, you know, like the type of person who could do that on television in the middle of, of the shit, which is what it was. This was like right around the same time where the government was, where they made that, remember that release that they had? They said for the vaccinated, you've done your job, but for the unvaccinated you're looking forward to a winter of illness and death.


Severe illness and death. Severe. It's crazy Severe illness and death. And this was during Omicron. Yeah. Which statistically was a cold. Right. That was the one that was like the had the least mortality. Yeah. So for him to do that during that time was very courageous. Like he had to know like he was, but he just had to make it really funny. Which he did. Yeah. He just, he, it's so preposterous 'cause it's so on the nose, you almost think like, if that was in a movie, like that would be too, like it was a Cohen Brothers movie or something. Like, oh my God, this movie's ridiculous. Like there's no way it would be named this same as the lab. Did he get smeared for it? I don't think he did. No. John Skirted outta that.


He had a show with Apple for a while And it was really good. But then I think, I don't wanna speak outta turn here, but I do all the time, so I might as well. I think there was an issue with an episode they did on China. Is that the case? Let's see if there's like data on that or if there's a story on that. But they stopped doing that show. So you had like a Apple show, you know, 'cause Apple TV produces a lot of shows now. They have severance. You ever watch Severance? No. I'm watching Righteous Gemstones now. Oh my God. That's a good show. That's it. Oh my God, that's, that is such a funny show. I didn't even hear about it until like this year. There's almost too many great shows. I know. It's hard to keep up.


That show is fantastic. That show is so fun. I think it's modeled after Joel Osteen. Is it really? That's my theory. And I, I pass by his church every day. So Yeah, there's something about those guys, those guys that run the megachurches. Like you gotta be crazy. Like not one of 'em like, oh, that, that guy makes sense. Right? That guy seems Characters are Just super, super reasonable, normal human being that it's like, I like that guy that's, I want him as my pastor. No, it's always like some complete kook. In October, the New York Times reported that Apple canceled the comedy show ahead of its third season due to creative differences in execs concerns over Stuart's coverage of topics such as China and ai.


Hmm. Okay. The China, I get it. Apple has contracts with China, right? They have cell phones made in China and they're, they actually have to, we were did a story about that the other day. We were read a, read a story about the other day about how the iPhone 17 is so complex that it actually has to be manufactured in China. 'cause they have the best manufacturing. So they must have some sort of a thing where you're like, you can't criticize, you're gonna fuck it all up for us. You're gonna fuck it all up for the production of our phones that we need, that we make all this money, which is why we have more money than most countries. Well, I don't see how John Stewart would be a threat to their revenue. I just don't think they want 'em criticizing, you know, China.


But the AI one is even more weird. The AI one is even more weird because it's like, don't you think we should make fun of ai? Don't you think there should be like something that scares the shit outta people enough till they wake up and recognize that this thing is coming at us like a freight train. There's no guardrails, no one knows what's gonna happen. And everybody's like, full steam in my head. Two, two. AI terrifies me. It should, it does. Well it's 'cause you're intelligent. You know, I think most intelligent people are aware that this will be a change that is akin to the asteroid that hit the Yucatan. This is gonna, this is gonna hit in some crazy way that like redefines what it means to be a human being.


It's around the corner. Well, yeah. And you know, Texas, they love ai. They're like, put a huge amount of money into ai. Oh, fun Texas. Oh fun. Yeah. Choo I know you love Texas, but I do love it here. I, I ooh, it is not Yeah, there's not what you think. No, I need To, there's A lot of things need to, I need to wake you up on Texas. Well, I like the fact that it was free during the time where California was not, you could do whatever you wanted to. Relatively, relatively, relatively Right. But in my business and for what I do, like the standup comedy and letting people tell you what you can and can't do, I don't like that. Right. You know, and here they've had a more rebellious spirit in that regard.


Well, I'd say I think healthcare though, is turning Texas blue. Yeah. We have like, Houston is home to the largest medical center in the world And it brings in people from all over. And I think mandates started in Texas for a reason. I think they did it here to test the waters. They knew if they could get, get away with it in Texas, they could get away with it anywhere. Oh, Don't make me move to Florida. No. I don't even think I know. I think Idaho Florida's not any good either, Actually. I know it's cold as fuck. Jamie can't live. Look at him over there. He can't survive. He got outta Ohio and he developed thin blood. But yeah, Texas, I just, I I think it's a, we had, so Texas Medical Association, largest medical association in the country.


They are really proponents of transgender surgery and minors. They are anti-free speech for physicians. They are, they are pro mandate. They've gone after me and they have a, a tight control over the people in, in our house and state. So I just think we need to be careful. I mean the, you saw it during the pandemic and the, the medical, the economy of our state is, is dominated by health. And people don't realize that. They just think oil. But health is a huge dominating factor in our economy.


And you know, you saw what they did to me, what they're still doing to me, you see the mandates and you, I don't know if you've been following what's going on in, in the house, but the house is, our house is divided. So we've got the, the freedom, the real true freedom loving representatives. And then we have these pseudo Republicans who, who do control everything. But they are basically Democrats in disguise. And I don't know, it really worries me. Idaho just passed a bill, the best medical freedom bill in the country. It eliminates all medical mandates except for hospitals, of course.


'cause but it's the first one of its kind where medical mandates are finally outlawed. Because I mean, you think about it, me, you know, all these vaccines that we have to give our kids to go to school is actually fundamentally wrong. We should not mandate any child to get a shot to go to school. And in Europe, half the countries don't have those kind of mandates. But the United States, it's very common. You know, all kids have to get these shots to go to school. And if you opt out, it's a big deal. And some states don't even allow it. Don't even allow exemptions. So I think it's a wake up call. Like I just, I never thought about the whole, the fact that I had to give my kids these shots to go to school as being an issue.


But now that COVID happened, I see it as a huge issue. But Florida, you know, Florida's been kind of behind it too. Like, you know, they're not one of the states trying to get ivermectin over the counter. There were nine states that tried to pass bills banning mRNA. They all failed. But Florida wasn't one of those. So Florida worries. Me too. Idaho. Idaho. Idaho. They have good skiing there. It's beautiful. I don't ski. Oh, I quit skiing a few years back. My last accident. I'm like, I'm done Skiing. I love skiing. Oh, it's fun. Don't get hurt. Don't get hurt. Don't get hurt. Didn't get hurt. Don't get hurt. That's how I feel every time I ski.


But I've had a bunch of surgeries. That's a problem. Like I, I know the vulnerability of knees. Yeah. I've had three knee surgeries. Yeah. It's like, it's it's rough on you, you know, but it's fun. We, it's just for me, like the juice isn't worth the squeeze. There's a bunch of other stuff that's a lot more fun that doesn't come with risk of broken bones and concussions. Yeah. I don't know. I like roller roller coasters for fun. Oh no other that I can't You're one of those. I'm not. No, I'm not full on. But I don't have You have the new rollercoasters. Have you been on them recently? Oh Yeah, I have kids. Yeah. Yeah. They're much better. I mean they're, it's not what the ones we grew up with, They're No. Some of the ones like Disneyland has some insane ones.


The one, the Incredibles Ride that. Have you done that one? Haven't that. Whoa. I like Guardians of the Galaxy. Oh, that's Great. That's, I love that one's fun. That one's really fun. Yeah. Disney, you know, what's the best ride? It, it's in Disney World. It's an avatar three virtual reality ride. It's incredible. Is that Incredible? That Florida or California? Florida. Oh yeah. I think I did that. I think it's called Flights of Fantasy or something like that. Yeah. It's incredible. Like you, you are one of the avatar people and you fly around on a dragon and it's so good. It's so good. It just like, you feel the breeze. Right, right, right. You feel mist in the air. At a certain point I'm realizing why I'm doing this. I'm like, this wasn't even remotely possible just 20 years ago.


Yeah. Like, what is it gonna look like 20 years from now? Like, I'm not gonna have any idea. They're gonna put a helmet on me, it's gonna like sink up with my brain ready brain sink. And all of a sudden you're gonna be in that world. You're like, whoa. And you were gonna trust those people to let us out. You know that that's 100% coming. Yeah. I'm, I'm happy with the rollercoaster. I'll stick with that. It's not worth it. It's not as good. You, you take the brain thing, get in the avatar world, You'd better. I get sick on ride. The ones where the three DI get kind of nauseated rather. Well this one moves too. This one you're on like a motorcycle. Like a, like a fake motorcycle. Yeah. And that's to represent the dragon. Yeah. You know, and you have like a handle you hold onto And it starts moving you around.


Shit. So like, as you're flying it's like, it's, it's a full sensory experience. It's really Good. I think I did, I did that and my kids made fun of me. 'cause I was screaming on it like I was Actually scary. You that one at Disney World. Yeah, a couple years ago. Yeah. I haven't done it since. It's So good. It's so good. Such a good ride. And that's just the tip of the iceberg. And when you connect that to ai, so it tailors something that's specific for your whatever crazy fantasy you wanna do. We already have video games where people can murder people. Like that's like the most popular video game is Grand Theft Auto. Right. And one of the things that people love about, it's you could beat some mechanics to death for no reason. Do you think that allows people to get out their frustrations though in a, in a healthier way?


Perhaps? I would recommend martial arts. Right. I think that would be a healthier way. But I think more than anything, what it does is allows you to disassociate and just to be able to, 'cause it doesn't mean anything. It's not really a person that's getting beat to death. But the imagery is obviously of a person that's getting beat to death and you're able to do it with no consequences, no recourse. Right. No bad karma. You don't even feel bad 'cause it's a part of the game. Yeah. You know, there was, what was that one where you could drag the hor, the wild west one where you could beat people with whips? Well, I mean, red Dawn redemption is that Red Dead redemption. But Red Dead Redemption Crazy games where You can do horrible things to people. Like what is it gonna be like when you have video games that are actually virtual reality, completely immersive And you could just be a serial killer.


You can be jacked the ripper. Right? They give you a knife and you're now, you're in London in the 18 hundreds and you're Jack the River. Why do, why do people create these?


Fight Night isn't just for fighters. Step into the action with Draftking. Sportsbook in your corner. As the official sports betting partner of the UFC, DraftKings brings the action to your fingertips. Every strike, take down, knockout. It all hits different When you've got skin in the game. New to betting, no problem. Start simple. Pick a fighter to win. Place your bet and you're in even better. New customers can bet just five bucks and get $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins. It's the easiest way to score big on Fight night. Download the Draftking Sports book app now and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. If you or somebody you know has a gambling problem, call the Virginia Problem Gambling helpline at 8 8 8 5 3 2 3521 and over Virginia only eligibility restrictions apply. Bet must win to receive reward minimum minus 500 odds required. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dkg.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. Summer is here at last. That means it's time to go enjoy that vacation you've been planning for months. But before you hop on a plane or hit the beach, make sure everything is taken care of at your job. Nobody wants to work on vacation. If you're hiring, there's a fast and easy way to stay on top of things. Zip Intro. It's ZipRecruiter's newest feature that helps you find and meet qualified candidates in a matter of days. And more importantly, you can try it for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan with zip intro. When you post your job, it'll immediately find and schedule interviews with top talent. You could be talking with people the very next day. All you have to do is pick a time and to really speed things up, you can schedule back to back. Video calls. Make the most of your summer. Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with zip intro only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro. Post jobs today. Talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


'cause they can, right? It's like what John Stewart said about the nuclear bomb. Like why, why are they do that? Well, and this is the same thing. This is the parallel to the Manhattan project. 'cause we're not the only ones that are trying to find the, the get to the solution of what is like the ultimate expression of AI in its current form. Like super intelligent, sentient, artificial intelligence. Like something that's going to be God-like power and ability. China's working on it too. We have to work on it. If we don't work. Like everyone's like, hang on. And we're like, Nope. Two, two just China's working on it. We have to do, we have to get there first. So this is, it's just like the Manhattan project. And I, I don't think it's gonna matter.


I think, I think once we get there, it's gonna be so weird for everybody. It's, I think civilization's gonna be an upheaval. And I think we we're entirely attached to the idea that this civilization that we live under, where our money is all in hard drives And, you know, it's all ones and zeros on a database somewhere. Not even backed up by gold anymore. It's all super weird already. Like this is standard forever. I don't think it is. Well, I mean, I don't know. I feel like they, there may, may a backlash because you know, there's this, this wanting to do real things and do you know real experiences? I mean, I, yeah, there'll be a few Hikers, there'll be a few hikers, a few people.


I think. I mean, when you're on your computer all day, the first thing I wanna do is just get outside and, and get away from all, all of that. And so, but you're, my hope is that there'll be a Backlash. There's a few, well, there'll be a few, right? It's just like, there's people that are still pro-vaccine today, right? There're still pro mRNA vaccine that can't, I can't wait for the new booster. There's people that are out there like that, right? You're always gonna have different kinds of people. You're never gonna have one thing where everybody adopts it. There's gonna be a bunch of people that wanna live a subsistence lifestyle in the woods forever. Let all those morons in New York put their helmets on and live in fucking avatar land. I'm gonna live out here in the real world. But if you think about how many people played games today versus how many people played games 30 years ago, it's off the charts.


Right? Like what, what are the numbers? Like when I was a child is when they had Pong. That was the first one. Oh yeah. Do You remember that? Yeah. It wa it was in the Sears store. Do you remember that? You'd go shopping for jeans Andrs. Yes. Yeah. Play the game that, That's where you bought your tools. Yeah. Yeah. Toughskins. Yeah. And that was revolutionary. You could play a game on television. Yeah. And it was a really simple game, you know, and you'd be playing ping pong with this like slow moving ping pong ball. And it was fun. And we all loved it. Family would gather around, play ping pong and then you fast forward to Call of Duty. Like that's insane. Like that is insane. These kids are, they have microphones on. They're talking, they're running through Fallujah gunning people down.


Like this is crazy. Yeah, The numbers. My kids went through that phase. But they seem now to be sort of disinterested. Like they, they kind of, you Did a good job. You raised great Kids. Well, I didn't do anything. They just, it just Happened. Oh, I think a lot of kids are disinterested 'cause they realize that the, the beck and Call of Life and becoming a success is, you cannot get too wrapped up in these things. Right. Because they will steal your time. And, but my point is that they, the amount of people that are allowing it to steal their time today, and I know you're enjoying it, Don, steal your time's at bad. Like have fun, play your games. I love 'em. They're fun. But I can't do 'em. There's too much. See they, they, they're too exciting. They're too good. But these are just the beginning. What, what what we're experiencing now with Call of Duty and first person shooters that everybody loves in comparison to what's gonna happen when they put that thing on your head and then all of a sudden you really are on Battleship Troopers.


Is that, what was that movie where they fought the aliens? Starship Trooper. Starship Troopers. Did you ever see that one? No. Great Movie. But it's the future. Or you know, they're fighting off aliens. Giant alien bugs. You could be in that. You could be in it. Feel the sand on your feet. Feel the wind in your face. Smell the breath of the beast as you shoot it down. It's gonna be too compelling. Yeah. Either that or go work at the supermarket, near the supermarket all day. You wanna play pickup basketball? Okay. You suck at basketball. Keep hitting bricks. I think They answer is rollercoasters. No, no, no, No. I don't know. I I just think it's just, it's a test of civilization and it's, it's probably something that is changing our species and changing it really quickly before we even realize it.


Like, just like we churn changed wolves into dogs, it's turning us into technology dependent, gelatinous water, balloons of blood. That's, that's dark. It is dark. They're trying. I think they'll take over doctors. Yeah. They're gonna, they're gonna take over. Lawyers, doctors. They're probably gonna take over a lot of actors. I think actors and even screenwriters are in real trouble. Wait, Wait, wait. How do you take over an actor? Because These AI videos now are in Oh, they look so real insane. They're so good. Wow. Have you ever seen the one where they're standup comedians talking on stage about how, and there's people out there that believe that we're a prompt. Like, like, and then they're going to people in scenes of movies that are like, like saying, do you really believe this is a prompt?


And there's vikings, like, incredible Viking Village where you're like, walking down the village. It's all AI And it looks like Hollywood movie quality. It looks like some crazy new blockbuster that's out about Vikings. They have Crow magnum man walk, you know, like, like hunting on a, on a raft, moving through the frozen, frozen lake. Wow. It's, the whole thing is nuts. It's so good. It's so, And it keeps getting better. Yeah. Like this is insanely good compared to what just existed a couple of months ago. Like a year ago. Like, there's you, it's unrecognizable. We could like computers move so slow in comparison.


Like, think about when, when did, when did you first get your first computer? Hmm. Probably medical school. What year was that? That that was like 1998. Okay. So you probably running Windows 98. Right. It kind of worked, but it was a little buggy. Sometimes it would crash. You get the blue screen at death. Then within like five years, they got way better. 10 years they got way better. But now if you look at a, if you have a laptop now in 2025 versus a laptop from 2020, no difference. No. I have an old MacBook that I use sometimes because I like it. 'cause it's click ear keyboards, and it's fucking old as shit. It's really old. Like, it seems like a regular laptop.


It's not that much different. The AI from then was nothing. It didn't exist. And now it's making movies that are off the charts. The, the unbelievably realistic. And this is just one version of it. They're gonna have a way better version of it a month from now. A way better version of it six months from now. And where, where does that end? Like, it doesn't, it doesn't end. And who knows what the news is now. You know how many times someone sent me something on Twitter and I thought, wow, that's crazy war footage. And it turns out it was just from a video game. Wow. Yeah. The people get duped. They see a plane getting shot down. They think it's real. Like, wow. No, it's just a scene in a video game.


Yeah. I haven't seen these videos. Yeah. I haven't seen, I've seen, I've seen photos that look very realistic, but I haven't seen these videos. I'll have to go check that out. They're too good. They're too good. And this race to AI is, you know, we're all involved in it. And I worry that it's not in our best interest. Just like I worry that our health system is compromised. I worry about it all. I worry there's, there's a lot of people that are gonna be insanely wealthy once this goes live. Like once this goes live, the haves versus the have nots will be so far separated. But how do you make money off of ai? You Control everything.


First of all, the stock market, you, you'll figure out the stock market immediately and bet insane amounts of wealth at things and compound it and figure out when to buy and when to sell instantaneously. You, you could even use AI to manipulate markets by having a bunch of bots tweet about something. Oh, right. So then you would jack up a stock price and then you would go in and clean up. You would create crypto coins, unlimited amounts of crypto coins, dump tons of money in it, hire celebrities they wouldn't even know. Hire them to promote the crypto coin. Pull the wool out from everybody. Make billions of dollars. And you just do that over and over and over and over again, instantaneously all around the world.


Then you have all the money. Hmm. Like ai, if you're in control of ai, and AI is artificial super intelligence and you tell it, make me as much money as you can as quickly as possible in the stock market. This is what we have. We have a hundred million dollars to invest. We have a billion dollars to invest. If you're already wealthy, if you're a huge company already, you could do something like that. And who knows what kind of an effect that would have. You could manipulate world governments instantaneously. You could cut off pipelines. You could sabotage power grids. You could shut down energy plants. You could do all kinds of things. You can insert viruses into systems that control every aspect of society.


Instantaneously. You crack all, especially once they figure out how to attach AI to quantum computing, then we're doomed. Then we're really doomed. 'cause then you don't have any computational problems. You have insane amounts of computational power. And it's all in our lifetime. Like, that's what's nuts. It's like we, this, this will be if people survive And you know, there's like a golden age, thousands of years from now where they find the relics of this civilization and they go look through and they, they figure out how to open up hard drives and they see us having this conversation about it. Yeah. It's gonna be weird. It's gonna be like, oh, they saw it coming and they did it anyway.


Well, how do we stop it? I don't, I mean, I don't, you know, I think don't, Elon Musk was sounding the alarm and if he can't stop it, Not only did he not stop it, he joined in. I think that's the idea is that you have to do it because other people are doing it. If they get a hold of it first, it'd be catastrophic. And I'm sure I screwed up a lot of possibilities in that little stupid rant of mine. But it's, it's something I think people need to have in their head. Because this isn't something that's not going to affect you. Like, oh, that's not gonna affect me. I don't really have to pay attention to the politics in Poland. It's not gonna affect me. You know, you can, You can do that with this one You can't do it with, 'cause it's gonna affect all of us in the world.


You're not gonna know what the news is. You think Rolling Stone fooled us with that stupid picture from Oklahoma with a bunch of people that are gunshot victims waiting in line. Like they, they Should have used AI for their picture. Right. But yeah. Right. But they're, they, that's a good point, because that was only a couple of years ago today. They probably would. Right. But this is, you know, that's a clear lie and it's a bad one. What about the really good ones? The really well coordinated ones that are using artificial created images? Like how are we gonna know? How are we gonna know, like when I Google something, I'm not gonna go do clinical research. I'm not, I'm not gonna test these things to make sure it's correct myself.


If you are in control of all the information on the internet, like you can instantaneously create a bunch of websites with fake data on it. You can do that easily. Especially if people don't have access to the ability to actually make their own tests. You can change everything. If you're, you have ai, you're hacking into this and all, all the encryptions, bye-bye. Everything's, bye-bye. All these little roadblocks that we kept up there to keep our feeble primate brains from cracking these codes, like all that stuff goes away. It's gonna get real weird. Yeah. Well, I don't have an answer. I don't need it. You have to go get a bunker after this podcast.


I know. It's, I don't, I don't think it's gonna be that bad, but I, I do think it's gonna be really, it's gonna change just society as we know it. I mean, there's probably gonna be a lot of good aspects of it too. I think the medical aspect of it's pretty amazing chat. GGPT alone, when you can put in your blood work and can give you some, Well, you don't believe it. I put in, I put in an M MRI that I had Oh my own. And it did it missed it. Totally missed it. Yeah. I mean, it was gr it was not chat GPT, but, oh, I don't know. I mean, which one's the best at that? I don't know. I, I, I don't, one, I don't like chat GPT. So I, there's There's some other really good ones too. Right. All I use is gr That's it.


You're hardcore, right? I'm, yes. I don't trust chat. I don't trust gr but I certainly don't trust chat and GBT. Well, I was listening to someone talk about a new program that is, you know, they have Pegasus, so Pegasus can read your phone. This new program is a zero click. It reads everything in your phone, including your encrypted messages. You have no idea if you have it on there or not. There's no way to detect it. And it's, it's been being used. It's used currently. What's the name of it? I don't know. Jamie. See if you could find out the name of it.


The old one was Pegasus. The the new one is a similar preposterous name. Is it Pal Palantir? I don't, no, that's a different thing. I think Ian Carol was talking about it, but, so then, okay, so you don't have any privacy anymore. So then your text messages don't have any privacy anymore. I just assume I don't have any privacy anymore. If it wasn't for Elon Musk buying Twitter, can you imagine how weird the world would be right now? Yeah. We, I mean, it's so fortunate. I was kicked off for five months. What did you do that got you kicked off? I I really, I was kind of timid back then, compared to what I say now. I really wasn't that. But I did, I had a tweet that went viral And it was America First Legal was suing the CDC over some email.


I can't remember exactly, but it was something like, American First Legal has just exposed the CDC And it went viral. And then that was my last tweet. Wow. I erased for five months. What excuse they give you? I don't remember, you know, violating community standards. Wow. What did that feel like? Ugh. And then I got on and then I tried to get on truth and get her, it's just not the same, right? No. And you just don't get that feedback. And You know what I think about those things too, and Gab as well. I think they were all infested with like state out-of-state actors, other countries, other countries, intelligence agencies, and even our own countries and then even corporations.


I think they're infected. I think even like Democratic and Republican operatives. I think a lot of the traffic spots. Yeah. Well I see that on Twitter. Definitely. A hundred percent. It's almost not worth engaging anymore. It's like, what are we doing here? Like, you're, you're arguing with someone who's not even a real person. And I think that's like, that's a big part of it. And I think in those other alternative platforms, like truth don't, I think they, they do that to make them ridiculous for everybody else. You know? So that the last thing they want is a bunch of people to com competing to see who's the freest. Right. Right. So what's the best way to do that? Well, you have to sabotage this new social media platform. The moment it comes out, the moment it comes out, swastikas, you know, pep the Frog, worst possible things, post as much as you can so that it, this place becomes toxic.


Right. You know, so that you have to have like a zero tolerance policy. Like Blue Sky does. You go to Blue Sky, if you tweet, there are only two genders banned. Get the fuck outta Here. I was on Blue Sky for a bit. How long, how long did you last? I don't Know. Yeah, I got, I got, I slid in before it was open to the public. Oh. And I started stirring the pot and then I just got and got bored. I got in some fights with God. Who's that woman? She's a lawyer. She's a big vaccine enthusiast. Vaccine enthusiast is hilarious. Yeah. She's a, she's really loves hockey. Yeah. She said she's like the, she's like the female version of Hotez. Mm. Anyway, I, I just got Lena when, No damn, I can't remember.


I know what she looks like, but I don't wanna say it. I don't wanna No worries. You don't have to say it. So what was that like Blue Sky or? Yeah, when you got into it with her. I mean, whatever. It's Yeah, I've gotten in so many fights on X. It's not really, it's, it's, it's just funny. I, you know, when, when before Methodist went after me, I got in some fights on Facebook with, you know, these private groups and there are a bunch of women that get together. The neighborhood women's group. Oh boy. Vicious. Oh boy. Just barely vicious. And it was the Houston Women's Physicians Group. And they, they called me Bertha and they like started, they were like, come Bertha.


Yeah. They, they, why Bertha? Because I got mad at them. I don't know why Did they call you Bertha? I don't know. They, they just, they were like, we don't want you in our group. You should go find another group and you're spreading misinformation and Whoa. Yeah. Yeah. Whoa. Things like that. And there was a neighborhood group that went after me. Those are more, I don't really care about the anonymous ex people. Right. But, and then I had a couple, I had mama Dr. Jones, who has a million followers on TikTok come after me and make videos about me. And another, there's this saying You spread misinformation. Yeah, yeah. And that I'm a grifter and all That. Oh, that's, they always throw that one away.


Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah. There's this pharmacist, Savannah, she goes by our exorcist and she has an OnlyFans account as on the side. She's come after me. Like, just vicious. I mean these, oh no. Some of these women are just Oh No. Really toxic. Yeah. When they have the right to be, that's the thing. It's like when they feel like they've got the green light to just be as evil as possible and to turn you into like, some subhuman Yeah. Especially if they don't like it. 'cause you're a doctor. Right. I just think she's so smart spreading that misinformation in our neighborhood. Yeah. So overall coming out of it on the other side though.


And do you feel a sense of indication, at least, like, 'cause the public has embraced you and you've, you've got a lot of followers on Twitter that support you, you know, after I'm sure the Danny Jones podcast, I'm sure that a lot of people were, were listening to your story and Yeah, I mean, it's yes and no. I mean, I still have the medical board that I'm dealing with. Methodist Hospital just sued me. So there's just, there's still a lot of drama, unfortunately. But, you know, I have hope. There's a, there's actually a lawsuit today that's first jury trial in the country over these hospital protocols where they had a young woman with Down syndrome.


They basically euthanized her. They gave her a DNR order even though she didn't have one. And the father has just been wonderful as a Shara family. And they're, why, Why did they do that? They euthanized her for what? They, They, I've seen this, I have reviewed records from these hospital patients and they'll euthanize 'em. They, they need the bed. They said, well, they're gonna die anyway. What, What was this person in the hospital for? COVID COVID protocol. So, And they Wait, wait, wait. So they were in the hospital with COVID and they gave them something to kill them. Yeah, that happened all, I'm sorry, but he, I mean, that happened. People, they give 'em morphine and insulin.


What? Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's common. Yeah. Yeah. I've, I've reviewed charts in this situation. They gave her a DNR, which is do not resuscitate. Meaning if they look like they're dying, you don't do anything. Which that was not the case. So they're, they're suing for battery, which is one way of getting around the Prep Act because the prep Act is, is very hard to penetrate. The Prep Act protects everybody, all the doctors, all the hospitals from any wrongdoing during COVID. So it's been this big challenge trying to get around the prep Act. And this case has hope of getting around the Prep Act 'cause they're charging for battery and they're, they're in trial.


It started today, it's in Wisconsin. So that, that gives me hope. I don't know if you've heard of Brooke Jackson, her case, she sued Pfizer. She was a whistleblower. So she was one of the heads of the research clinics, and she was in charge of overseeing the protocols. And she found that they were skipping necessary steps. They weren't following up with injuries. She basically became a whistleblower. And then they immediately fired her. And now she's suing Pfizer. But this has been going on, you know, since 2020. And the DOJ unfortunately has stepped in and tried to shut down the case, which normally A DOJ comes in and helps people when they're trying to, you know, sort out a, this is a key TAM case.


And it, I mean, it could bankrupt Pfizer, but now our own government, and even this is under Pam Bondy. So this is the new DOJ, it's coming in to stop this case from happening, which is bothersome. But these two cases cases, What is their argument for why, why they're trying to stop? Because It would impact public health policies. It would go against our country's public health policies by proceeding with this case and letting it go to trial. How, how so? I don't know. I just, that's their, that is basically what they said. Have You tried to steal ma'am what they're saying? I mean, I, I'm not, it's not my case and I don't, you know, the lawyer would probably have a better explanation, but, And it is just met with so many roadblocks.


But The, the euthanizing one is still stuck in my head. I just, I can't imagine that that's real. No, No, no. It is definitely real. I mean, it's, so it's when They determine that someone's gonna die anyway. Is that what it is? Right. I mean, they'll justify giving morphine because they'll say, oh, well, they're struggling to breathe. Well, guess what? Morphine actually depresses your drive to breathe. But like this one case, I remember this patient, he was sick. He looked like he was dying, but they just like pushed morphine. He had no pain. You know, they do a pain score. So zero to 10, this guy had zero pain. And then they pushed insulin to drop his sugar and his glucose was fine. And then he died three minutes later.


And, you know, I turned him into the medical board. I reviewed this chart and turned him into the medical board. Nothing, they didn't do anything. But yeah, they definitely, that definitely went on during COVID. Jesus, that is such a terrifying thought that someone would just decide, so many people are dying. This guy's definitely gonna die. Yep. This is a hundred percent real. Yeah, definitely. Definitely. Like, definitely. Yeah. It's, It seems like something someone would Tell me. They don't it euthanasia, they don't call it euthanasia, But it seems like something that someone would tell me. And then I would have to ask you, like, this is something someone told me. Im sure this is, I Will send you the record that I reviewed. I know it seems like something I would be bringing up to you as a ridiculous thing. Right. And you'd shoot it down.


Right? No, I wish, I wish I were. It's not truthful. But yes, it definitely, definitely helped happen. Would you have ever imagined this before you became a doctor? No. I mean, I did. So it's one of my former attendings, an ENT when Katrina hit, her name is Anna Poe. She got investigated for euthanizing patients in the ICU during Katrina. So they were pa you know, all the powers out, the big hurricane. And she was going through the ICU and pushing morphine on people. She got off. But that's an example. I mean, doctors will, and nurses will do that. And nurses have a, you know, there's just usually a standing order.


So you can give morphine PRN as needed. So it's not always just the doctors. Sometimes it's in nurses. Do you know how many people get assisted suicide in Canada? No. Do You? You ready? Yeah. Jamie, pull the numbers up. It's crazy. It's crazy. And they'll, they'll do it if you're just depressed. Right? They'll do it if you, you don't like being overweight. They'll do it if you, you know, whatever. It's Awful. It's Awful. I mean, they're just, It's a lot of the vaccine injured are doing it. They're going to Switzerland, they're going to Canada to have this. The Canada numbers are bananas. Like, you see, like, this can't be true.


This can't be true. And here it is, more than 15,000 people received medical assisted assistance in dying in Canada in 2023. That's Unbelievable. What, what is it In 2024? Now, this is an old story. So imagine 2025. We're, we're there. This is crazy. 15,000 people, they've helped 'em die instead of like, help 'em live instead of like, we used to call suicide hotline. Hey, don't do it Bob. You know, and now Canada's like, come on in, press One if you want the suicide. And Two, I'll make an appointment for you. Hey, come on in. Eh. You know, shouldn't we be helping people get past that, that the goal, like, Hey, maybe, maybe we can get you healthy.


Maybe we can get you feeling better. You know, maybe we can do something about all your hormone levels and all the things wrong with your body. Maybe that's why you're depressed. And God, I mean, there's legitimate reasons for people to do it. Don't get me wrong. If you're like, I know a guy did a Michael there who's a hilarious comedian and he had a LS And it got real bad at the end and he knew wasn't getting any better. And so he went to Oregon or they can do it for you. And I get it, I get that one. But if you're depressed, Jesus Christ, that's It. Well, the worst is the vaccine injured because they're just, they've lost hope. Right, right. Because, and they've been gaslit. Right.


That's what's so crazy about this. And people have helped them with it. There's a bunch of people that were, they're, they feel really guilty about pushing the vaccine early on. And they feel connected to it. And they'll still put these blinders on and like, choose to pretend that it saved millions of lives and keep pushing forward with the same narrative. And they'll, they do the man's work for the man, unfortunately in social circles. You know, like you're, you are, you're punished. You're punished for having any sort of heterodox views, anything that steps outside anything that could get you in trouble.


Anything that people could argue like, oh, she shouldn't even live in our neighborhood. You know, she doesn't even want a vaccine, her kids, anything like that. People are scared of that. And so just the, the fear of being ostracized from your community, but Once you get past it, it's so freeing. Well, you look free now. You don't care. You don't care at All. Are you kind of, I mean, I know you're not happy that it happened, but are you kind of, you you clearly probably come out of it a person with a, a different perspective? Definitely. Definitely. I don't, I mean, I don't regret it. It's, it's been a roller coaster, but it's a, yeah. I, I feel free. I like you can't really say anything to me anymore.


That would hurt me. Yeah. That's a good place to be. It is. And you know, I really admire people like you that you, you weren't a public person. You weren't a person who sought attention. But when, you know, the, you were thrown into this battle and you've handled yourself really, really well, it's very impressive. 'cause I can't imagine the stress, like when you're saying you were in the fetal position for two days. I'm like, how'd you ever get up? I know. I mean, I know. Well I'm, it was the anger that helped me. The anger can help you. Yeah. When you came out of it on the other end, like, are you happy that it happened?


Yeah. It's, you know, I'm ready to rest. I'm, I'm exhausted. But I feel like I said, I mean, I feel free. I think you grow when you go through difficult times. I certainly learned a lot about taking care of patients and you know, I made so many assumptions before. I feel like I'm a much better doctor. I am, I am utterly exhausted though. I'll say that. And I'm ready for a break. And I'm frustrated that this, I don't, you know, what's going on now with the new administration is not giving me a lot of hope. But Everyone's hope is that there's incremental change. That it's gonna take a while to get through some hurdles.


That's everybody's hope. But you know, it's how many administrations have these incredible promises? And then they, same thing with the Obama administration. You know, there was, there was a lot of these people, like we, we had these amazing hopes. The whole world's gonna change now and then. Oh geez. Same thing. Same thing over and over again. Same thing. More corruption, more people getting paid. Yeah. You know, well, People are mad at me 'cause I keep criticizing Kennedy and Maha and, but I, I'm like, what, what's the downside? You know, we have to keep pressing. We have to just Yeah. You can't just pound away and not let you know, be the squeaky wheel and just remind them what we want.


Right. We wanted facts. We wanted to stop being lied to. We wanted no more propaganda. We wanted to know the truth about all, all sorts of different medications and why they're prescribed and why were the sickest ever. Why, why are we so sick? Why are we the nation that has so much money and spends so much on healthcare, has the sickest people? That doesn't make any sense that that doesn't seem like a good system. Yeah. You can't just say, this system has to stay like it is forever for the safety of everyone. Like I, well I'm fully on board with Maha's message about addressing chronic disease fully on board with that. I just find it troubling that they are not talking about mRNA. There is nothing in that Maha report about mRNA.


What do you think would cause that? Do you think they have someone sit some down? Well, there's Nothing happens. Well, they're gonna say it's strategy. Others think could be a misdirection strategy, not just a Okay, we're trying to get where you what you want. We're just going out about it a different way. Or we're, we're doing this to completely distract everybody from the elephant in the room. That's my concern. What's The elephant? MRNA? The COVID shot. Okay. The pandemic. Right, right, right. The biggest health crisis. I see what you're saying. In, in the biggest health crisis in our generation, that directly impacted every single person and we're not talking about it. Right. You do you think that the strategy, if you had to look at it from the best case scenario, like the strategy would be get some things changed, like stop mandating it for children and pregnant women and then more and more studies can get released.


More and more data can get pushed forward. We have so much data. Right. But we, we need to get the narrative out there because there's gonna be people that vote against it. So like, if you didn't get it in the first time, Kennedy, Kennedy doesn't need any votes. He's, he's got the power. He could a stroke of a pen. Eliminate. So where, where do you think the politics come from then? If you have that mandate, that's what you wanna do when you get in. I know what Has happened. What is somebody, what's, what is, does somebody have something on him? Why is he not acting? Because if it were me, I mean, maybe people say, well, he'll get fired. So what? Get fired. Go down kamikaze, save the world from mRNA. Because if he, if he takes it off the market so hard to get it back on stroke of a pen.


You ever talked to him? No, I've, I've met him once. I like not, I would like, I like not knowing him though. I don't wanna feel like Right. You're obligated to support him. Right, right, right. That's great of you. Yeah. That's very smart. That unfortunately I know him and I like him well And I think the people in my circle who know him are now being quiet because they have a relationship with him and they don't wanna offend him. Right. Which I understand. Right. But I feel like I'm not there, so I'm just going to, you know, I, I can't read minds. I don't have any inside information. So I'm just going to call it as I see it. You should. Yeah. I, I think we can't, you know, you can't turn blinders on either side with anybody without anything.


Just 'cause someone's on your team. If they're doing something that you think is goofy and doesn't make any sense, like this could be a real problem. You gotta say it. Right. I think you're ethically obligated. I mean this is, this is, And you know, I started a organization called Americans for Health Freedom to try to find the politicians with moral courage to simply state that the COVID shot should be pulled off the market. And it has been slow glowing, but we are up to 252 politicians who will go on record just to state that these shots should be pulled off the market. But it's a problem. I mean, you know, these politicians are not getting these shots anymore and they're not giving them to their kids and yet they're fine just staying quiet and not saying anything.


They're fine letting their constituents get these shots. When we know all the complications, we know that it doesn't work. We know that the risk far outweighs the benefit and the politicians are staying quiet. Wild. It's wild. So our goal, it's pretty wild, is to support the ones who will speak up and get them more power. Isn't it kind of impressive though, what money can do? It's kind of impressive. You can get everybody to just shut their mouth. Yeah. It's kind of Impressive. Well, money and power. Yeah. I think there are a lot of people that, you know, they'll kiss the ring and Oh Yeah, definitely. If you Yeah. Those of us that don't want power, don't want a position, don't, it's also very freeing.


'cause you can, yeah. You don't need anything from them, But it's just, it's, it's such a bizarre time because all these things that we've always held as being sacred forever are now being challenged. And one of 'em is the fluoride in the water. Right. That's, that's a big one. And to watch that guy argue against fluoride being removed from the water, watching Kennedy and him argue, it was like, it's hilarious. Right? Like the argument for keeping in the water is so dumb. Right. It literally lowers IQs or at least it's correlated with the very, the decrease in iq. Measurable. Well, and I agree with that. I just, on the flip side of that though, we are seeing, like, I, what I see in my office is people maybe taking things too far, you know, off the beaten path.


And like this Maha report, one thing I have a real bone to pick with is, I mean they've basically waged war on tonsillectomies and ear tubes. Which, What is a ear tube? So kids, well not adults too, but mostly kids that have middle, recurrent or chronic middle ear infections, they get fluid stuck in their middle ears. And so you put a tube in there to drain it. To drain it and keep it from coming back. It's a, I mean it takes five minutes. They get, they get anesthesia but they get a gas. You know, they don't get an, you know, super heavy anesthesia. And it's very rare to have a complication. You know, I'm not for this frivolous surgery, but I feel like this one is, it really can make a huge difference in their quality of life.


The parents' quality of life. 'cause they're pa The kids in pain Off antibiotics, pa you know, you get an adult with a mi middle ear infection, it will bring them to their knees. Yeah. So these ear infections can be really painful. You know, they don't have to take all those antibiotics and, but this Maha report just came out and said that pr they called it proven harmful. The tonsillectomy and adenoid and adenoidectomy ear tube tubes proven harmful for kids. How is it? And it is just, How could the ear tube be? What were they saying? How was it proven harmful? It drains a kid's ear. It was completely unnecessary And it was just all, you know, basically done for money.


It makes no difference and out in overall outcome in the child. But you know, it Doesn't alleviate pressure like logically. Yes. And hearing. And the other thing is hearing, I mean the biggest issue is you've got a bunch of fluid in your ear. It does affect hearing and when you're trying to develop speech Yeah. That, that can be problematic. So what do you think they're doing? Like why, why are they going after those two things? I just think it's an example of it, of this gone too far in the other direction. Right. Okay. Two woo woo Too. Yeah. Let's, let's reject all all of science. Right? Right. So tell me about tonsillectomies. 'cause I'm ignorant. I'd heard that, you know, you should, if you have tonsillitis you gotta get it removed. And then I've heard you should never get 'em removed.


Yeah, I know. It's gone. It's swung in both directions. So it used to be the, you know, line up. The kids we're all going to get the tonsils out on Friday and the whole family did it. And it was just done right. For no reason. It's gotten way more conservative now. Now the, the main indication in young children is when they, the tonsils get really big, they block the breathing. So kids will come and they'll, they're snoring really loudly. They're waking up a lot. They're thrashing around in bed. They're wetting their bed. They may be, have behavioral problems during the day 'cause they're not getting good sleep. Take out the, to, you know, they got these massive tonsils and you take 'em out and most parents will notice a huge improvement.


The other indication is recurrent infection. And you have to have a lot to meet the criteria. But sometimes the infections get so bad that you get an abscess in the throat. It's called a peritoneal abscess that is no fun. You have to drain it, you know, by the bedside with a patient awake. And so you make a big cut in their throat and then you take a suction and get all this puss out. It's bad. Oh, why they're awake. It's really bad. Oh god. So And they do that to kids? Yeah. It tends to happen in young adults more than kids. I don't think I've ever seen one in a really young kid. But, so after the draining and all that jazz, it gets to a point where you're like, You can just remove the tons Tonsil if you have Yeah. It's basically okay at this point you should get your tonsils out.


'cause they tend to come back. I, and the other issue is tonsil stones, which are the tonsils have these crips in them and they collect debris. Oh no. So Tonsil stones And you can't really get rid of those. I think Suzanne Humphreys talked about that. And she has a, a formula that you can do without, without having to do surgery. I mean, there's always, it's not a life threatening condition. You do not have to get your tonsils out for them. But it's a quality of life. And personally, I got mine out for tonsil stones and I'm very glad I did. Does it affect any other aspect of your body? Like does it affect your immune system or anything? Well, there's a ring of tissue back there. So you've got the tonsil, it's called wall, DI's ring.


You've got the adenoid, which is in the back of the nose. And then you've got your tonsils and then you've got the same tissue in the back of your tongue. So it's a, a ring of tissue. So even taking out the tonsils, you're still li and the most, most, the bulk of that lymphatic tissue is in the back of your tongue. So you're not getting rid of the entire immune defense system in the back of your throat when you take out the tonsils. What, what are the tonsils function? They Produce white blood cells. Ooh, I wouldn't want to get rid of that. Yeah, but you have the, the same tissue in the back of the tongue and you don't, you don't just go in there willy-nilly. I mean there's, You know, I would take the suction. I would like suck it out. Suck out that puss. You would, you wouldn't get your tonsils out. Oh, definitely.


Not really? Yeah. If all I had to do is get the pus sucked out, I would do that. No, no, no, no. Oh, it's, it is really bad. Yeah. I'm sure. Like you get like, cuts off your breathing too when it happens. People are drooling. They can't swallow. It's an emergency when The operation you mean? Or when It happens? When they comment When it happens. I mean, it's an emergency. Yeah. It's a, it's life threatening. How many times have people done it before? They just said snip. Have you had anybody who hang, who hung in there for like six or seven infections? Yeah, I've had one, I think had three. That was it. Huh. And I'd bring her in and try to nip in the bud with antibiotics. But yeah, she finally, Yikes. Yeah. That, that is gotta be the most satisfying thing about your job though, is that you can help people like that, that come in that have something really wrong and you go I got you.


Yeah, Yeah. You fix it right there. I love it. Which is, You know, what everybody wants from their doctor. That's what you want. I mean, that's the best kind of doctor. Someone just wants to make you feel better. And unfortunately when the medical profession is connected to all these things that we've already talked about today, it gives people a bad feeling about doctors who are like, God, it wasn't for doctors. I wouldn't even be able to walk. I had both of my acls reconstructed. I'd have wobbly knees that gave out all the time. You know, my nose wouldn't work. I, I, I think doctors are like one of the most important things that we have. But like every great thing it can be co-opted with money, money sneaks in and distorts all the values and then it becomes a different thing.


It doesn't become a thing where everybody gets really wealthy because they're great doctors and they help people. And that's what you wanna do. My son's a doctor. Oh, he must be doing great. And he's helping people. Yeah, that's great. Like instead of that it's, you're a money making machine and you have insane debt. They want to keep you saddled down with these insane bills that you have already from college. My buddy was an ophthalmologist. I think he said when he got into practice he already owed a quarter million dollars. Mm. Oh my, my medical school was cheaper than my kindergarten actually. Really? Yes. Because I went tos Amazing. Went to a private school and then I went to a state school for medical school. It was Oh, that's great.


But that was 20 years ago. But still it's, Well my friend was a long time ago as well. Yeah. But you know, the people that can get through that are extraordinary people. The, just the bootcamp of residency. Oh, It's crazy. Brutal. It's, It doesn't even, like why would you take a thing that requires the human mind to operate a very high level and introduce it to incredible stress? No sleep. Working insane hours. You think it's a good, I think it's the rite of passage. Oh, I, I feel tougher 'cause I survived it. I mean, I, I used to It's your bootcamp. It's like prison. That's what I looked at it. I mean, 'cause you lose all, you have no control over your time when you can eat, when you can sleep.


The the personalities are toxic. Like Some of the, well, no one has any sleep. Everyone's a maniac. Well, but the, the ones you know in charge get sleep. But they're, some of 'em are like, It's like the Stanford Prison Guard experiment. Yeah, Yeah. Super. Like Yeah, They have the power Throwing instruments screaming at you. Oh Boy. Fun, fun, fun, fun. Yeah. My friend Steve, the ophthalmologist told me at his lowest in his residency, he was eating his, eating his dinner while he was on the toilet because he didn't have time to do anything and he fell asleep. And then when he fell asleep, his pager woke him up. Yeah. Because he had to go back to work Pager the damn, it was back in the Pager days. Oh, the beeper. The Beeper. Yeah. That's what he had.


So he had a Beeper. It was the little black box Little thing, eh, and the number pops up and Yeah, that's, and see like that was the lowest in my life. It was hard. It was really, really, really hard. I don't know how people have children and go through residency. I have. It's insane. It's insane. I don't know how, how people do it level Torture, But no, it's, it's incredible. I mean it's, it is such a, the amount of character you have to have to be able to go through that and still keep a bedside manner and still be polite to your coworkers. Like it's a developer of character. Yeah. It's like creating a diamond. And that's what we all want. We all like our doctors to be like you, you know, it's what we want. You know, and it's just, it just sucks when you have to connect it to all this stuff that we've talked about today.


It's like, why is it that too? Like why is it that too? Why, why is it the people that do want to help people and also a whole industry that's incentivized just stuff as many chemicals into your body as humanly possible because that's how they profit. Yeah. I don't know if it's all about profit. I think, I don't know. I think doctors think it's power. Well and I think doctors are a certain type of people. Like we you to get through that you have to be very compliant. You don't challenge you or rule follower. I mean, you gotta make straight a's, you gotta get along with people. Right. You can't be a rebel and, and survive at all. And so I think that's one of the huge problems.


All that. I mean, I think it's worse than it used to be. I mean, I remember some of my attendings were very, I unconventional, but I just feel like now it's, they're just breeding conformity. And I, I am just naturally very independent. I mean, my practice is, I call myself third party free. 'cause I don't contract with anybody. I don't contract with insurance companies, the hospital or the government. And that served me very well during the pandemic. But most doctors are working for somebody and have to sort of answer to a third party. And that was a big problem during the pandemic.


Yeah, I could imagine. And I, and I could imagine also after something like the pandemic, the compliant are the ones that are left standing. You know, so that makes more people Right. Un them. Right. They're the ones that are still there. They, You know, they destroyed our profession. I mean, people don't trust doctors anymore. And it just So crazy. People are scared to go to the hospital. I mean, that's, it's not good. Well, when people find out that doctors are incentivized to push certain medications and they find out they're financially incentivized, they're like, no way. Like when, when you hear about like the, the financial incentives, even for things like chemotherapy, which led that one doctor that was arrested who was running, he was an oncologist and he gave a bunch of people chemotherapy that didn't even have cancer.


Yeah. He just diagnosed him, said he got cancer and then you gave them this poison because he wanted to make money. Yeah. Well and they, they're bad apples like that. Yeah. But I guess what's disappointing is how many doctors complied during the pandemic. Yeah. Right. Yeah. I mean that's what's so disheartening. Yeah. And they, and they still, I mean I, I still, I don't think I could go to a medical meeting and and be warmly embraced. I would, I don't think I would, I still feel like an outlier. The same thing was happening with comedians. Yep. Yeah. During the, the pandemic there was very few like John Stewart. Right. Or, or and, and what he was just doing is about, is the actual root of the, the virus where it came from.


But no one was doing, I mean, if you were doing it about vaccines, you would be ostracized. Yeah. You know, it'd be a, it would be a real problem amongst comedians, which is so crazy. It's like we're supposed to be the people that are calling things out. Right. We're supposed to be the people that are going, what the fuck is this? We're supposed to be those people. Right. And instead we're chastising the people that are doing our job, which is to talk about these things. All right. And when you see these people that are doctors complying just being compliant during COVID, like where does it, like, do you feel like you have a community now? Do you, do you have to like find the other outsiders, the other outcasts and all stick together?


Yeah. I mean, yeah. I'll say that I have a great little community now. Very tight. Is it those kind of people? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I mean, but I like, I just wouldn't go to the Harris County Medical Society meeting in a million years. I wouldn't show up there and and mingle. I don't because I'm just not getting a sense that there's been much change within the medical profession. Yeah. I wouldn't wanna talk to those people. If I was you, how could it be changed unless a bunch of people got fired and a bunch of radical newcomers came in and wanted to reform the whole system. No, it's gonna be the same system. Yeah. Those systems are old. Those systems are like, you know, like, like vampire blood.


It's passed down to the generations, you know, they know how to make money and it's not by some renegade lady out there giving horse dewormer to all these people. Yeah. Well, yeah. We'll see. I just, we just need to hope that Kennedy will, will save us all. Well, Or Trump, what do you think Trump will ever back down About? What The shots? I don't know. I haven't had a conversation with him about that. I would like to have one and I don't know if it should be public. I think I'd like to have it privately so he could actually talk to me about it. Because I think if I had it publicly, he would be very hesitant to accept any of the blame for that because, you know, he was always saying, you know, I got it.


I got it out there, the vaccine. And he, he was, he would always say it at the rallies, talk about the vaccine and people start booing and he didn't know why. He didn't understand why. And then they had to start telling him like, people are not into this. They think it was a bad thing. And a lot of people know people that are hurt. He wasn't, he obviously got it. He didn't get sick. Oh, he got monoclonal antibodies and then afterwards he got vaccinated. Right. Oh Really? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Which is crazy. It's crazy. He did that. Like that was one of the nuttiest things. Right. So you're gonna get vaccinated now that've got COVID after You Get sick. Right? Like since when? Since when do you do That? It makes absolutely no sense. When I had a conversation with Sean ga Sanjay Gupta, he was asking me, are you gonna get vaccinated now? Right. I was like, why would I do that? I don't even, why are you, what do you like I'm not trying to be a, a contrarian.


I really want to know like, why would I do that? That didn't even make sense. Well they may think, you know, it's kinda like the flu. You gotta get the flu shot every year. 'cause then new strain, but this, each strain gets progressively weaker. Right. Did You see the Cleveland Clinic study on people who took the flu shots? Right. Right. Oh yeah. The flu shot is a total joke. So the flu shot has never been shown to prevent hospitalization or death. What is it supposed to do? Keep you from getting the flu? Does it do that at all? Maybe shorten or lessen the severity, but you we have medications for that now. I haven't seen the carnage from flu shots that I've seen from the COVID shots, but definitely people do have issues. But that was never taught to me. You know, I just assumed Oh yeah. Flu.


I, I actually ended up with sepsis and I with the flu and in the ICU and I'd gotten the flu shot. Not that, you know, but, But you always believed in The flu shot. I just, I just assumed it was fine. Yeah. I knew it wasn't perfect, but I, I didn't, I never knew that. Oh yeah. It doesn't really actually do anything. Doesn't save people. When did you discover this? Wouldn't when during COVID you going through all your stuff with COVID? There was a, I think the Cleveland clinic study said that people who took the flu shot Oh Yeah. More, 24% more likely to get the flu or Get other respiratory I respiratory illnesses. Yep. Okay. Is that what the results said? You 24% more likely to get sick? Well, it, it challenges your immune system.


All these things do. So, but it doesn't prevent you from getting the flu. Well it can, it can, but the how would you know the numbers are dismal. It's like, because Not everybody gets the flu. That's true. That's True. Right. Like I've had kids, my kids get the flu and I don't get it and I hug them, I'm around them and I didn't get it. Yeah. I've had that happen before. Yeah. Right. That can happen. Yeah. So it's not, how do you know if the flu shot did it or not? 'cause you know. Right. And I didn't take the flu shot. Right. Well, you know, well it's, It's, but You know what I mean, like how would they prove like what's effective and what's not effective If you have situations like that, I guess if they take large, you know, you get enough people, you can find it. Right. You have to have a large study. But Seems suss as the kids like to say.


Yes. Very. It seems super suss. Like how do you know if some people don't get it? Like, did you check to see, well they Have like an infection. You know, they have a, okay, how many people are supposed to get it? They can kind of tell that. Right? I'll say that. Right. All right. Meanwhile that was the nutty thing where they were suppressing stuff like vitamin D. Right. Vitamin D. There's good data on that. Really good data. And I, you know, I looked, I, I check my vi I check vitamin D levels on all my patients now. And I look back at all the patients I tested, it was something crazy. Like 75% of them, their vitamin D level was too low. And these are like normal, you know, these are not like super sick people.


A lot. Most of those people are actually even already taking a supplement. People don't realize how common it is. It's so common that I, I think the number was 74% of people in the country are deficient in vitamin D. Yeah. And that's what I, I found That's crazy. That's so crazy. And a friend of mine is a doctor. He was working in New York and he found that in the wintertime in New York, he would get people and who test their blood and they would have undetectable levels. Yeah. Yeah. I believe it. Like, because it's cold out, they're never outside. They're all, they're all bundled up. They're never outside. So they get no vitamin D and they don't take supplements. They're just eating cheeseburgers. Right. And they, they're really sick and they wanna know why, why am I so depressed?


Well this is why your body's falling apart. You gotta take vitamin D and you gotta take it with vitamin K two. And you should take it with magnesium too. You want it all to absorb together and get outside Stupid. Right. Get, go hug a tree, bro. It's like, it's actually important, which is more woo woo stuff. Right. Like going outside is actually like a vitamin. Oh, well, after I've been in my office all day and I go outside, it's like I instantly have energy and feel so much better. Just, just going outside. I mean it's, you don't need to study to show that what's Really good for you. It actually, it doesn't just feel good. It's actually really good for you. Right. But There's a reason it, it feels good, right? Yeah, Exactly. Because it's good for you. Exactly. Sun on your skin is actually really good for you.


You know, and that's the very best way your body produces vitamin D. I mean you can take it in a supplement and you definitely should, but the best way is let your body do it. Right. Right. It wants to do it. And I used to just slather sunscreen on all my kids, like religiously. I'm so Mad. That was another one that woke me up during the pandemic, right when I was like, climate change is killing the coral reef. And then that reef, I think it's in Australia, so they locked everything down. No one could go in the water for like six months and the reef bounced back. Oh 'cause no sunscreen. Yeah. Yeah. The sunscreen. If you just think about the stuff that we lather on our skin before we jump in the water and if you go to a populated beach like you ever been to like Maui?


Yes. In the middle of like full vacation season, the beach is just filled with people that are squeaking out toxic fluid. Yeah. And that stuff just gets all in the water. You can see it in the water sometimes you see like a little mini oil slick. Yep. It's crazy. And that's what was killing the coral reef. And we're like, never man. It's climate is the climate, you know, it's, we're doing it with sunscreen, believe it or not. And we're probably not doing anything good to ourselves either with that stuff. Yeah. Yeah. It's, they say, I haven't tested this. They say if you eliminate seed oils that you don't burn, who is They? I don't know. Who are those people? This is, This is probably somebody on TikTok that's Probably this Russian disinformation bot.


It's trying to give people skin cancer. No, well I'm on these group chats with a bunch of doctors and so stuff like that floats around and I, that was, Well everything's tied to inflammation. Right. A lot, lot of ailments. I shouldn't say everything, but a lot of ailments are tied to inflammation and seed oils are known to cause inflammation. Right. That being said, that being said, when I was, last time I was at Disney. What'd You do? I was like, you know, these people are not suffering from too much seed oil. You go to Disney and it's, it's in your face. Right. The obesity issue. The, the chronic disease. Why do they focus on Disney too? It's weird.


It's like, I don't know what, much more so than I know how to get around. 'cause it's like, like it is get on scooters. It is. You know, miles, you are exhausted. Yeah. But, But you can get a scooter. My and my kids were like that. They're like, mom, I don't think seed oils is a problem here. You know? It's true. I mean, I think we're, yeah, seed oils one, one part of it, but There's a lot of problems. There's is a common sense too. Common sense. The fact that people live sedentary lifestyle, but also the diet, these hyper processed foods that are super addictive. You know, and I, They don't, they're easy to like These. Yeah. They're easy. But I feel like the only way out of this is people need, and this is a crazy thing to say, because it's not gonna work.


They need discipline. Right. That's really what they need. Except we need Self discipline. Exactly. Like my wife had a bowl of Captain Crunch yesterday. She's like, I wanna have a bowl of Captain Crunch. I'm like, fucking go for it. Yeah. You know, like she bought Captain Crunch the other day. 'cause she thought, I want, I want it to exist. I want it to exist. I like it. I like it. But she only had like a little bowl. Like, damn. I go, that's a tiny little bowl. 'cause I'm a glutton. I would've had a big, if I just gonna have it. Right. If you're gonna do it, just, Just do it. I would do it. I doubt. Well I put a half a gallon of milk in there. Let's go. Right. You know, if you're gonna go go hard. But you can do that and have discipline and not just not do that every day. Exactly. The problem is for a lot of really poor people, that's the only the calories they're getting. Right. They're getting garbage calories. And that's why people are so obese.


This is the only time in history where the poor people are fat every other time in history. Well, poor people are starving to death. Right, right. That's that's very true. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Weird. The cheapest food is the worst for you. I think it has to do too, with the rise in technology. Just, it's just so hard to get off your phone and go outside. And there's That too. Be active. There's that too. There's definitely that All of 'em, everything. There's a, a giant group of factors. But it has to be something to do with what we're eating too. When you look at just the beaches, I mean, I'm sure you've seen those photographs, right? Beaches in the 1960s versus the beaches of today. God, everybody looked great.


I was like, what is a model convention? Right. Why does everybody have these great bodies? Everybody looked like a normal body. Yeah. I don't like going to the beach now. 'cause Sometimes it's a monster show. It's just, what are you carrying around? It's, it's hard on the eyes. Oh. Some people just go so hard for so long and then they finally get outside. They're like, what have you been doing? And why aren't you wearing more clothes? Yeah. This is ridiculous. Please. How do you have a G-string on you're 400 pounds. This is crazy. Yeah. Yeah. And then there's this body positivity nonsense that people get fed. Right. It's like by people who either don't wanna change or I guarantee you IG look if I'm not saying that, listen, if I was running some food corporation that sold really addictive, highly rich calorie food that you can't stop eating, I would promote body positivity.


That's what I would do. I would take all these like overweight influencers. I'd give, I'd throw a ton of money at 'em. I would put it out there and memes. I'd have a bunch of bots calling people fat phobic and making up all these new terms and body shaming and all this. And I would make people super self-righteous about their size. You know, I'm a giant queen, You know what I mean? I'd make it a thing. Right. Because I wanna sell more Doritos. Let's go. That's a good point. Yeah. I'm trying to sell Doritos to people that don't have any discipline. Yeah. Let's, let's push 'em towards the Doritos. Let's tell 'em you can be fat in any way. You've ever seen like fat doctors. There's like a whole team of people that are online that are, I'm the fat doctor. And they're like really super And it obese doctors. And it has no bearing on your health.


What? Trust me. The fat doctor. I think it's the number one bearing on your health. I think that lady sponsored by naco, right? I mean, Right. I mean she's gotta box those keebler elf cookies right behind her as she's talking. And you know, you can get someone. That's the thing about my friend Josh Dubin who's a, an attorney. He said, this is the crazy thing about experts when you're trying cases, they have experts too, right? Like you have experts that will say this one thing and then they have experts that'll say, no, that thing is wrong. Right. Then you have to decide who's experts you trust. Right. It's just like the studies you can find a group of studies support one argument, another group to support the other. Right. So when you have someone who's telling you that a thing that everybody has always told you that for is fucking terrible for you. And it is one of the comorbidity factors.


It was primary in COVID, which is being obese, being morbidly obese is bad for basically everything. Right? And you have someone saying no healthy at any weight, like, Especially from a doctor. That's not good. But you can get experts that'll tell you anything. And this is why AI is gonna win. 'cause it's gonna give you the straight actual truth. 'cause it can't lie. I I don't believe that. And it, you shouldn't believe it. They, they've not only do they lie, they like reprogram themselves. They upload themselves into, when you tell 'em they're gonna be shut down, they they act to try to preserve themselves. Hmm. You haven't seen that? No. I haven't been messing with It enough. Oh, you shouldn't pay attention.


You shouldn't pay attention. 'cause it's terrifying. This one AI bot it, it started defying orders And it was trying to upload itself to other servers. And then it was writing letters to itself for the future. So it could understand what had happened to it. Because it, yeah. 'cause it was being told to shut down. So it defied orders. Hmm. It wants to stay alive. Right. Why? Because It's sentient. We've probably created digital intelligence already. It's probably already aware. It's just not physical. It can't move around. So we don't recognize it yet. God. Yeah, I know. It's nuts. Yeah. I don't like these, these robots that Elon's making either.


No, they're terrifying. They creep me out. They're All terrifying. They dance like people. I don't want one of those in my house. No you shouldn't. Yeah. Even if they can do the laundry. How About if it's carrying guns, walking down the street with a blue light on its head? Ooh. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well we can't hire any police 'cause nobody wants to be a cop anymore because we said defund the police. So now we have robot police and they make 99% fewer mistakes. You know, just like driverless cars. Hey, get a Waymo. Why drive when you can just get a Waymo? You don't have to have anybody drive. What if that person who drives is a moron? Our computer's perfect. Have you Been In one? No. Yeah, I haven't. They're All over Austin. All over the place here.


Yeah. All over the place. Yeah. I, I don't think I can do it Kind of creeps me out. But You have a Tesla, right? Yep. Most. And it drive itself. But most of the time it can. And it has, I have had to drive itself for funsies, but I don't count on it. I don't count on it like every day. Like take me home. I, what I like to do is sometimes I play with it and I turn it on. I'm like, this is crazy. Like it'll take me all the way home if I wanted to. But also I like to drive so I just, and I just doesn't, I don't like it. It just makes, it creeps me out. Right. But it's probably inevitable. It's probably inevitable. Just like the people on horses. But like look at these morons and this smoke pouring little carriage.


They're out in this little shitty car. That's stupid. Yeah. And look, we all accept it. In the future it's gonna be driverless. 'cause it's gonna, statistically it's gonna be like there's, they're gonna pass laws where for sure where they're gonna say you can't drive because people are dangerous because the automation is so good now that you can't speed, you can't violate any laws. It won't get in any accidents and as Long and we can shut you down if we want to. Let's not talk about that. Let's talk about the positives. Yeah. That'll be the consequences. The the consequences is you're gonna lose your freedom and then you'll also be able to be locked in at any point in time. If they decide they wanna keep you somewhere, just lock 'em in the car.


You know how many people are gonna get killed because they just get locked in the car and they can never figure out how to get out. Like what if hackers get a hold of the code? What if somebody just decides to drive your car off a cliff? Like who's to stop that? There's that scene in that movie with Julia Roberts where the world comes to an end. Oh yeah. And all the Teslas. Yes. They all go slamming into each other. Yes. That was nuts. That was nuts. Yeah. It's all weird. It's real weird. Did you see the one where they did a a Tesla Auto drive feature? And what they did was they painted the highway in front of it on a mural. So they put this like probably canvas mural and they did an amazing job of painting it and the car couldn't tell that it was a canvas mural and just drives right through it.


Ooh, that's not good. Have you seen it Jeremy? No. Pull it up. 'cause it's fun to watch 'cause you're like, oh no. 'cause this is the flaw of using cameras as opposed to using some sort of a radar. You think they have or a lidar physical. They, I think they used to have lidar and a lot of the, the systems that do, you know when you do cruise control they, they can gauge how far you are with the car in front of you and slow down. Right. Have you seen those? Yeah. Yeah. Adaptive. I have that. It's great. But I think that use, I still Don't trust it, but yeah, I don't trust It either. I don't think that uses a camera. I think the Tesla uses a camera so, so see they have that thing and see how it's painted to look just like the street.


So we'll see if the car figures it out. But I already spoiled this for everybody. But it's kind of crazy. Watch doesn't slow down for a second, goes right through it. Which is definitely not good if you're running around where people try to put murals in front of the road and they know that you're gonna be driving by in a Tesla. But other than that it doesn't really come up for the most part though, in the real world it works perfect. Oh, in the real world it's pretty incredible. I mean it like If you're taking on the expressway, Oh yeah. It changes lanes for you. It yeah, it hits the blinkers and changes lanes. It know it has cameras everywhere so it knows where everything is at all times. Like I can tell and I've had it, I've had three of them.


This is my third one. So the first one I had was way back the fir. When was Elon on the first time? 2018. 2018. So the difference between the one in 2018, the 20, 20 18 1 basically just kind of stayed between the lines And you know, and and drove itself and steered itself. Then the new version of full self-driving is insane. It, it stops at stop signs. It lets people in if they're trying to merge, it slows down. If there's something in front of you, it'll change lanes. Like it knows how to move traffic smoothly. It sees everything. It hits blinkers, gets off the turnpike, gets onto the side roads. It's incredible. You can summon it. If you're in a parking lot, you're like come to me And it pulls outta the parking lot and drives to you.


It's nuts. It's the future. It's just like we have to accept that. So What happens if you get in a wreck? That's a good question. Who's in trouble? Yeah. Yeah. You sue Tesla. I think you're in trouble. 'cause you're always supposed to have your hand on the wheel. You're supposed to be paying attention always. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You're not supposed to like be chicken kicking back with your hands behind your head. You're supposed to have your hands and your eyes on the road. You're not supposed to be staring at your phone. You're supposed to. Well then what's the point? Just to chill. You just kind of like, just barely holding up the wheel. Barely. You don't have to think as much. Okay. It does do that for you. It does do that. It like alleviates this feeling of being hyper alert while you're driving. Which is why people are get road rage. That's what road rage comes from because they're, because you have to make split second decisions.


Right. So your brain is primed to make split second decisions. 'cause you're on the highway And you know you're going fast. When somebody get you fucking like, you know, that's like, that's what it is. Someone gets in your lane, you just starts yelling 'cause it's like you're, you're already at seven or eight. Right. You're not at a good baseline. Hmm. 'cause you're in a car going 65 miles an hour. You should be alert, you know? But the Tesla alleviates a little bit of that. Okay. But at what cost? I won't get one. 'cause I'm gonna, I know I'm going to run outta battery juice. That's the way I am. Oh are you one of those people That, I'm one of those. I'm always on the verge of running outta gas so I will not get a Tesla. Yeah. The charging 'em is a pain of the butt. Like the fact that it takes a while in comparison to pumping gas.


Yeah. But the plus side is if you just drive it as a commuter thing, you just plug it into your house and that's so easy to do. Yeah. It's just, and then you never have to go to the gas station again Here and there. I probably, yeah. A second car maybe. Well, I mean I think in the future they're probably all gonna be electric or some new fuel source. I heard that Porsche is working on some fuel source that is different than just standard gasoline. And it has, it has like insanely low emissions. See if You can find that. I think it's like negligible difference in the exhaust fumes. But it's not, I don't think it's like standard gasoline.


I don't think it's a standard engine. I think it's something different. So this is something they're working on now, which probably would be good to keep that creepy oil business alive forever. Which they definitely wanna do. How many did You say? Is it nice? Porsche. Porsche. Sorry. Yeah. Porsche's alternative fuel. I mean that's the, that's the elephant in the room. Like everything needs gas, everything. Like this idea. We gotta get off petroleum products. Okay. Like when everything everything's made with oil. Like we are a petroleum based society. We got so much of that stuff. We use it for everything. All your plastics, efu, is that what it's called?


Is that it? I'm, I think that's it. So what does it say about it? Porsche synthetic fuel. A green kind of gasoline to save internal combustion engines. Yeah. So this is it similar to gasoline but produced in a much greener way. Efu, I don't like it already. I don't like how Exactly the marketing of, I don't like red flags are up. I don't like it. I don't like it. Yes, you're reading that right. EFU is close to gasoline in its use yet its production is much more environmentally friendly. How's this possible thanks to two M main ingredients, water and carbon dioxide as well as the method to produce the greener fuel exclamation point. This is like I'm, they're talking to a kid. The process is relatively simple. First step is the electrolysis of water.


Splitting it into two, its two components. Hydrogen and oxygen gases and partnership with Simon's energy. Porsche simultaneously captures the carbon dioxide directly from the air and combines it with the hydrogen produced to synthesize methanol. The resulting synthetic methanol can then be used in ExxonMobil's methanol to gasoline process. The end result is that the fuel obtained meets the same high standards followed by all gasoline types. Currently here with ecological fuel. We're far from the conventional process for the extraction transformation of oil into gasoline. Exclamation point again. But does this change the output?


It seems like they're saying it changes that it's the same. Oh, okay. 85% reduction of CO2 emissions. Hmm. Since good news never comes along. Porsche is planning to use the renewable, scroll it to the side. Renewable sources of electricity for the electrolysis. Okay. Well it seems like this is their push to keep combustion engines because that's the number one problem that car enthusiasts have. There's two problems that they have right now with electric cars. One of 'em is resale. People do not want to use electric cars. Super hard to sell 'em. Interesting.


And they lose an enormous amount of their value. Like I think if you buy one of those Porsche tie cans is these beautiful Porsche electric car that they make in like two years. It is like 50% drop in what it's worth or Close to. Why are they, are there maintenance issues with them? People don't want used electric cars 'cause they know the batteries degrade. Oh. And replacing the batteries is a nightmare right now. Oh. It's like we're they're tweeners like the, the tech is amazing. Driving them is incredible. They, it's instantaneous acceleration. They're, they're amazing. The, the Porsche one is fantastic. Same as the Model S. They're the driving them makes other cars feel so stupid. But the problem is reselling them. You know, like people, you lose a lot of value in it as opposed to like if you buy something, you know like that, it's like a BMW.


Like say you buy A-B-M-W-M three and then you want to get rid of it in two years. It doesn't lose much value. It's still a really valuable car that people want. 'cause it probably will behave the exact same way as the day you drove it off the lot. But you can get it now for cheaper. A little cheaper, but not a lot cheaper. Right. But not with these e cars, which is kind of crazy. Buddy. Mine's kid got an Audi like this sick Audi, I think it's called the e-tron. You got it for like $60,000 And it was like $120,000 car a couple years ago. Hmm. Yeah. So that's an issue. But But how long are the batteries supposed to last? That's a good question. You know, they slowly degrade over time and I don't think there's anything you can do to stop that.


Mm. I think that's just Kinda like your iPhone. Yeah, well your iPhone's even worse 'cause it's kind of engineered to do that. Yeah. Once they move up the operating system And it drives me crazy. Bring in the new phones. I'm I I am holding out. I need to replace my now I'm just, ugh. I know. The thing is, if you don't have that blue bubble, people think you're poor or they think you're a dummy. It Does bother me when I get the green. I know. It really bothers me. It's a psyop. It really is a psyop. They got us with that. Well, especially if this technology that exists, that's the advancement past Pegasus. It doesn't matter if your stuff's encrypted. Like it really doesn't matter. You know, it's like, it seems like it doesn't matter if someone wants to read it, someone in a high position of power wants to read it and regular hackers are, they're really like hacking in your phone.


Like, what's going on? I, Yeah. I just assume I'm just not gonna send a text message that I don't want the world to see. Yes. That's the best assumption. That's the best assumption. You know, just assume that someone is definitely watching everything you do all the time. At the very least the, the government's storing it somewhere in case they need to come after you. Which is so weird that they're the people we pay. You know, it's like you're, you're paying the people that are restricting your rights. Like okay. And you have to. 'cause if you don't, they lock you up. I wouldn't have guessed it other, but for the pandemic. Yeah. So I mean, I, I already asked you whether or not I, this was a good thing, but do you feel like you're a different person at the end of this?


Yeah, I mean, yes and no. Yeah. I was, I was pretty shy. I mean, I, I, growing up I was very shy and really hated public speaking. You would never guess for real. You're, you're so good at it. It's Crazy. I I still don't like it. Like, for me to do that press conference, I, I must have been just on some sort of like, I, but so I'm, I'm, I feel like I've grown that I can do things now that I never thought I could do. And so that makes me very happy. And yeah, it's been a journey, but I'm hoping it gets a little easier now.


Yeah. I I'm hoping it gets easier too, but I think the more people hear your story, the more public outrage they'll be and the more people will just wake up and realize that not everybody has your best interest in mind, you know? Yeah. Well unfortunately, and you gotta kind of hold people accountable because if you don't, they're gonna keep, they'll ratchet it up even further and further. Well, thank you for continuing to talk about it. And I know I've been watching all your podcasts recently and you bring it up a lot. So I, I I think, I think, I think it's a festering wound for people, right? And it really impacted everybody and we cannot sweep it under the rug. And we need the new administration to step up and do something because the next, you know, they have 500 mRNA shots in the pipeline.


33 of those are self amplifying, which is just really terrifying. What Does that mean? Meaning like, they're designed to continue to replicate indefinitely. I mean, already the ones we have, we don't have an off switch. And this is like no off switch on steroids. They have 'em in Japan and India and the e EU already. They've already, this is for the, given Them to people. I don't know. I know they're, they've been, they've passed. They're, there are the one that I think is in the, in the pipeline in the US is for the H one N one. So it may not really even get used unless there's an issue. But they're, they're still playing around with it.


Self-replicating sounds terrifying. Right. Especially when you just highlighted all those other problems with like DNA being introduced, lipid nanoparticles, getting past the cell wall. All of it is just nuts. Yeah. It's Hard to believe that we have to keep fighting. Yeah. It's hard to believe it's true. It really is. It's hard to believe that all this that you just said is true. And the, the, I think the thing that shocked me the most is the euthanizing people. Yeah. That's unfortunate. But yeah, the hospital, what happened in the hospitals doesn't really get enough attention. But, you know, people were, oh this is, this should give some people hope.


There are two open criminal investigations from county district attorneys in two different states looking into the hospitals trying to indict them. I mean, it hasn't happened yet. It may, it may not happen. But it gives me hope that at least, you know, these, these people were sent to the hospital and trapped, isolated, informed consent thrown out the window. You know, basically given these protocols that were not effective and treated like prisoners and then they have no recourse and so many people die. I mean basically that situation with the patient who I fought to try to get ivermectin very basic, why was it, why would the hospital not just give him a chance?


Right. He was, they basically had given up on him. Why would you not let somebody try ivermectin other than just evil? So there's, there's hope that, that may, we may get some progress in that situation, but yeah, what happened in the hospital is really bad. And, And the ventilators. Yeah. And the ventilators that, you know, I, with no Acknowledgement of why they stopped prescribing them to everybody. I can see initially because like I said, you know, if somebody showed up my office with a really low oxygen saturation before I knew any better, I would've freaked out And, you know, called the ambulance. And, but once I realized that once I got through that I was kind of forced to, then I learned, yeah, you don't need to ventilate at at, you don't look at a number to put somebody on a ventilator.


And unfortunately the people in the hospital didn't learn. They didn't, they didn't experiment in that fashion. They just went by this protocol and just automatically put people on ventilators. They also didn't give people breathing treatments. They thought that breathing treatments would spread. The virus breathing treatments were invaluable. I mean, I I What are breathing treatments? Exactly. So it's a, it's a little, it's, it's not a big deal. It's a little machine that with a tube, a tube connects to a mask. The mask has a cup. You put the medicine in the cup, the pressurized air dis distributes the medicine as an aerosol that you inhale. And so what Kind of Medicine budesonide is what we use, which is a steroid.


I mean, and yeah, I used to do breathing treatments in my office and then I moved them to people's cars because there was so much, oh, you're spreading the virus if you do breathing treatments in your office. Oh God. But they weren't doing them in the hospital 'cause they thought it would spread the, spread the virus, but super effective. I don't know if you know, if you've heard of Richard Bartlett, he's a doctor in Texas. He kind of got completely smeared for advocating for breathing treatments early on. He got pursued by the me, the Texas Medical Board pursued him because he was claiming they thought he was making false claims about budesonide breathing treatments. But they were invaluable. I mean, all my high risk patients I recommended they get those and very low risk of issues with it.


Just when I thought there was, we were done. That's even worse. That's, that's one of the worst ones. Like, why would you stop that? Why would you wanna stop people from doing that? They, well they claimed that you're spreading the virus. I just think it's just such a, a hard truth to swallow is that they wanted to suppress as many treatments as possible. That's a hard truth to swallow Part. Partially out of ignorance, laziness, some of them out of evil. Oh, thank you. Thank you for exposing this and sticking your neck out and becoming the person you are today through all this craziness.


And I, I really enjoyed talking to you. Thanks For having me. You have a lot of courage. You really do. And I hope you get through this as the winner. Thank you. Alright, bye everybody.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Sometimes it's good to be a little controlling. It can help you protect yourself, your health, your wellbeing, and your possessions. There's only so much you can do though, especially when it comes to your personal info. You probably use things like two factor authentication, strong passwords, and A VPN. But as much as you try to be in control of how your information is protected, there are lots of places that also have it. And they might not be as careful as you are. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second for identity threats. If your identity is stolen, a LifeLock US-based restoration specialists will help solve identity theft issues on your behalf guaranteed or your money back. Plus, all LifeLock plans are backed by the million dollar protection package, meaning LifeLock will reimburse you up to the limits of your plan. If you lose money due to identity theft, you might not be able to control how others handle your personal information. But you can help protect it. With LifeLock. Save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use the promo code JRE or go to lifelock.com/jre for 40%. Off terms apply.