
Joe Rogan podcast, Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. And we're up, my friend. How are you? You Good to see you. Long time to talk. Yeah, brother. Yeah. How you doing? You good, Good. I, man, I remember like towards the last, the end of the last time I was here you said, oh yeah, we'll probably see you again in a couple years. And I was just looking around like, yeah, I'll never see any of this again. You're back quicker than you thought. Yeah, bro. That new song is Fire. Oh, thanks. Yeah. Woo. I played that song about 20 times in the Green Room, and the first time I played it, everybody just sat around and went, oh shit.


It was so funny that, yeah, I didn't expect the song. Well, you know, I didn't, I wasn't the one, I guess it was Adam that sent it to, I don't even know how you got ahold of the song originally. Yeah, Adam sent it to me originally. Yeah, Yeah. I sent it, I'd sent it to him, like, yeah, just kind of just to get his opinion of it or whatever, and he's like, I got it. He's like, do you mind if I share this around? And I was like, yeah, go ahead, Bro. The first time I heard it was in the Green Room, and the Green Room has a killer sound system, so we, we put it on the Bluetooth and cranked it, and all of us, there was like 10 dudes in that room going, oh shit. Oh shit. Some of those lies like, oh shit. Yeah.


What, what makes that song different, I guess, than anything I've done or than a lot of music now is that we're, we tried to like do it the way Leonard Skynyrd or somebody would back in this, where we're all just in the house and there's no, like, man, there's so much editing that goes into music now on the back end and stuff. And with this we're just like in there doing it And you know, try to keep it as real as yeah, as possible. Like, you know, there's no, there's no click tracks, there's no real editing. It's just kind of like, we're all just in this house. I mean, it's, it was, it is the worst timing to record, but that was that January 5th, sixth, seventh window was the only time that everybody could meet up, you know, Billy Contreras on the Fiddle and everybody, and 'cause he, he tours with Ricky Scaggs and he's kind of all over the place.


So that was like our time to meet. So a couple days before we all went to West Virginia to record in my house up there, the, this like terrible storm they were calling for. It's like the worst one since the nineties supposedly, or that's what Draven says. But, so we got all the snow, all this ice, so, so yeah, we used a, a side by side in a Jeep to haul everything up and down. It was like just all we could do to get up and down to the house. And then as right, as soon as we get everything plugged in ready to go, the power Knox out. And I was like, we were all just so discouraged and luckily there, you know, there's a Lowe's not terribly far away and they had one, they had like a Honda inverter generator that was like safe to plug everything into, you know, like a, where the waves aren't gonna mess everything up.


And so yeah, we, you know, we recorded the song while on a generator. So you have to worry about the waves of the generator, like the sound of the generator, is that What it is? No, like the electrical pulses. Yeah, the like plugging all of that expensive equipment into just like a, a yeah, a generator that's on an inverter. Like the voltage like goes up and down I guess, or I dunno, that's all above my pay grade. But yeah, we had to find one that was like safe to plug all that equipment into, you know. Well it maybe that's something in the song too, you know, like maybe that you're trapped in a storm. That's a scary ass song, dude. It's a scary, I can't wait for the, yeah, see I hadn't put a lot of new music out because, well, I think back to, even when I was here last time and before we did the episode and all walking around on the sidewalk out in front of the hotel with Draven and a couple other people arguing that I needed to just cash out from Richmond and roll and not make this into a long-term thing.


'cause I just, well dude, I just don't, some people thrive in this environment, like everybody looking at 'em, but I, to me it's just like, ugh. So it just, it kind of takes, it kind of takes a little bit outta me putting new music out. And so, you know, after Richmond I only had those two new songs. I really just wanted to let everything kind of slow down and I could still maybe do five or 10 shows a year and make a little bit, but I wasn't trying to be like a superstar. I didn't want everybody just to be, I didn't want to be stuck in that spot. I was when I was at Richmond where everybody's just like obsessing over stuff. And so I kind of just tried to let it die and then it, you know, it wouldn't, it was like the streams kept continuing and people were still messaging me and emailing and the shows were still selling out.


And I just realized like, I don't know, you know, I believed everybody that said this kid's got 15 minutes of fame and whatever. And I would've been during, when Richmond blew up, I would've been one of those guys who would've been like, oh, that stupid guy. You know, like, I would've been a hater too. So I'm, I was almost like rooting for them. Like, yeah, You know, 'cause you gotta think, man, the first check from Richmond was $800,000. Like, I can, I could have lived a long time off of that money, you know? Yeah. Like, I don't need a whole lot of, like, that was cra you know, that was a decade or more of work for me easily. And so I was like, I was like, heck yeah, I'm good. I'll just take it, you know? And anyway, I say all that to say that now it's like, I'm gonna at least just, I'm gonna at least just hit it Good.


One more time. And I've got, we've got six songs recorded now to come after Scornful that are all like, I'm pretty proud of 'em. They're good. And so I'm gonna put those out and then who knows after that? But Let me tell you what's gonna happen. You got a relationship with those people now, man. They love you. Yeah. It's just your mission in life. You know, you just got handed a wild hand of cards and this is your, your deck of cards, you know, your deck of cards is, or your hand of cards is you put this song out, this authentic song that's very simple in this time where nothing simple in this time where everything's confusing and all.


You don't know who's telling the truth. The news is lying to you. Everything is being funded. Nothing's organic. It's half the fucking traffic on social media as bots at least. Yeah. Politicians are lying, everybody's confused. People are sipping for politicians. They're, they're getting paid to repeat talking points on television and on podcasts and all over social media. So when someone comes out with something like that, is just that dude telling you how he feels. Yeah. Real raw. You know, I remember we had that conversation on the phone and I was like, if You can do that, you can do that. Again. You don't, they don't need anybody else. You don't need these motherfuckers who want you to cash out all these, they, they just, they, they're doing that because they think that you're gullible.


They think that you're naive in the ways of the entertainment, music business. The first fucking live show you ever performed was a giant sold out show at a state fair. Do you know how crazy that is? That is your first live show. Yeah, That, well, that, that very first show was actually, it was even more amateur than that. It was at a farm market. It was, it wasn't even a, there weren't even any tickets. It was just like, so it's crazy how it all, it just, it goes back to when I, I still believe just as much now as I did the last time I was here about, and I don't, I definitely won't bug everybody too much with all my hokey pokey religious stuff either. Like, I definitely wanna read a little bit out before we go, but I do believe it was just, it was all too perfectly timed.


But I had actually picked that date out at the, at the farm market before Richmond blew up. That was gonna be my, that was gonna be my first time playing live either way. Oh wow. That date, it was like August the 12th. I think I had booked it back in July with that Morris Farm Market. Oh wow. I was gonna get 200 bucks and go play for like, it was like two and a half hours. Like seriously. And in that time, that's what ha So like, I already had that date picked and yeah, it was just at a farm market and like, kind of near the beach in outer banks and they say like 12,000 people showed up and that was the very first one. Yeah. And I just, I remember even then, like I just, I just expected everybody to sing Richmond and that was gonna be it, and it'd be cool and I'd go back to work the next week.


But it was like, even in that crowd at that very first show, all the other songs they knew the words to too. And I was like, wow, this is like something, you know. But wow. The important thing too is that the, the important thing to take away from this, and I said this during Richmond, but people, you know, it was like, take me out of it. The fact that people can now choose what they want and push it to the top. Even in a system that's rigged where there is bots and there's mass marketing money going into songs and like labels spend a million dollars on their own song to get it up to label. Yeah. The fact that people can just decide they like something and just shoot it up to the top. Like, people need to realize how much power and influence they have.


Yeah. At least for a short period in time in society, it's like the stars are aligned where we can kind of, it's funny technology like can only develop on the backs of people using it. And so like AI and, and all of this over the years, social media, like all the back end of that, it's been, it's all that information's being sort of extracted from us. Like you think about like the te like the way a Tesla car rides down the road And it's watching you drive and your like, it's like reading your analytics so it can learn how to drive better. We know ai, that's the only reason why they let everybody use AI is so it can make the ai, it's the user input. That's, that's what makes it, you know. And so for a very short period in time, it's like the stars are aligned where they're having to, like, while they're sucking all the humanity out of us to put into this ai, we also have full access to it.


And like, so we can do, like, even in the, even in the music business, you know, everything that the label used to held exclusive control over, like the publicity and the marketing and the digital streaming service relationships, like all that stuff is now just a la carte to anybody. Like, you don't need the, you don't need those big companies, right? All that stuff. You can just go and hire a really good social media person and You can work with a good music distributor without having to sign anything or give any of your rights up. And yeah, right now the people have the power is what I mean, for like a very short period of time. But this should be a, this should just be a reminder of that, this song being able to go up into the iTunes charts, even with stuff with way bigger audiences with all kinds of marketing reach.


You know, the fact that this can just organically go into the iTunes charts like that and people, you know, it's just, that's the thing, that's the thing I always take away from it, is just like, damn, dude, if we could just get organized, even for like two or three years, we could just fix everything. Like we ha like the people really do have the power, at least right now for, for a short window of time. But we really do. I mean, we j


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats Summer is here and You can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered a day in the sun. No. A bottle of rum. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that for almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol, you must be legal drinking age, please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by region. See app for details.


This Episode is brought to you by Squarespace. Have you ever been shopping online? And the website just gave you the ick, let me tell you, that wouldn't happen if they used Squarespace. Squarespace Design intelligence empowers anyone to build beautiful, more personalized websites tailored to your unique needs. And with Squarespace payments, it's super easy to manage payments with just a few clicks. Plus with Squarespace's integrated and optimized SEO tools, there's all the help you need to get people to your site, head to Squarespace dot com slash Emma for a free trial and use code Emma to save 10% on your first purchase.


But people have to understand that we are all in this together and that there's organizations that wanna drive us apart. And the way to work out our differences is con having conver conversations and negotiations and figuring out how to work it out. It's not lighting cop cars on fire like this is, you know? Yeah. But the spirit of those, like, not to defend any of that crap, but I just, that rebellious nature in us is important too, though. It just has to be, it has to be directed Correctly. Right. You shouldn't be burning Waymo's while holding a Mexican flag, trying not to get sent back to Mexico. I mean, you're confusing the fuck outta me dog. Like, who is your oppressor?


Is it the electric car? Is it the country? Which, you know, you want to stay, but you're holding a flag of another country. Like what? Why are you wearing a mask? Are you proud of this? Do you not wanna get arrested? Yeah. What are we doing? Are you scared of COVID? VID? Like what? Know? Well, it goes back to what you said about mass manipulation and also like Yeah. We don't, we, we've all sort of lost our identity. That's why politics has become so prevalent in like, the way people represent themselves to other people. And like, you know, that's like as, as our, as our culture and our tradition and like sort of the, the knowledge of where our families and all of that stuff comes from.


Like, we're just sort of all, we're just little boats out in a big ocean and we're looking for somewhere to, we're looking for some kind of identity to reach out and grab and politics. They make politics so easy to reach out and grab and make just like in the same way that people just absorb themselves into sports. Exactly. You know, they're out way outta shape, but they, they like, they refer to their sports team as we like that Jamie, our defense did. Really did. Jamie does that all the time. We won. He talks about a college where I'm from, some college where he is from. Well that's maybe get outta here. Maybe If he's from there though, then it doesn't count. But I'm just fucking around. Yeah. I'm a I'm not a team sports guy, you know, I'm a combat sports guy and I would never say we won. Yeah. Like if Kamar Usman beat somebody, I'd never say we won.


You know, Kamar would call me up, what the fuck are you saying, man? We, You know what I did in camp, you know, I mean rounds ice bar, you know. Yeah. All the punches You took. It's so crazy. But if there's a group of guys, you can say we, But that's, it's so silly. But that I see that, like I just see that becoming more and more prevalent where there's not like, I don't know, it's sort of just like, it's kind of, even, even to expand on the thought of it, it's even like the way that now we've all just sort of, we're all in these subcategories the way we would be if we were in prison we're all like, right. You know? Right. Like in the same way that when we use the word black and white to describe like how many different types of white and black are there that all just get merged.


It's like, it's, it like creates this maybe like group identity that's a lot easier to control. Like, Oh, for sure. Well, and then it shifts over time. Like my family wasn't white, my family was Italian. They were, they were disparaged when they first came to America from Europe. And my grandfather used to tell me terrible stories of what happened to him when he was a boy living in America as an Italian. They treated them the same way. Terribly racist People were treating people from Guatemala that sneak in here. Mm. It's the same kind of thing. Yeah. And then after a while they sort of integrated and now I'm white. Yeah. Now, now you're just a white person and it's A, I'm just a, a regular white. But it's easy now in nar like in big public narrative and stuff to, it's e it's a lot easier to accuse you and 30 other different nationalities of people who were all very culturally different and unique and just call all of you white people and then pick the worst thing that one of those nationalities did and just cast it among the whole group.


But it happens with that with every ethnicity. Yeah. Every identity. The go, the goal is to like put everyone in the world in one of three or four buckets and then hopefully figure out how to just put all of them into one bucket eventually. It's like, it's just ma it's just, it's so much easier to control two or three different types of people than it is 30 or 40 or a hundred or a thousand, You know? Right. Which is also I think why they never fix the problems that AAL are inner cities. They, they want to keep that conflict. I really believe that. 'cause if somebody wanted to have a better, stronger economy, the first thing you would do is you want more people in the workforce. So you'd want less people that are disenfranchised completely outta society, felons, all that stuff that doesn't do anything but cost the country money.


Right. Unless you have private prisons now, private prisons, those people become a business and then that business contributes to the escalation of laws. And they wanna make sure that laws stay in place because that way their business is always full. They have plenty of customers. Their customers are human beings that they turn into batteries to generate money. That's what it is. It's like those people, every person they have in there, they get more money. Which is wild. It's wild that we allow that. But then it's also like keeping a certain amount of crime in certain areas ensures that you're always gonna have debates over law enforcement. You're always gonna have conversations over disen.


We need DEI, we need this, we need quotas, we need to hire more people of this or of that. Ignoring the fact that these, a lot of these things, especially with universities, are the most racist, especially towards Asians. The racist is fucked towards Asians. There's lawsuits about it. Harvard is, is that still going on the Harvard lawsuit where they specifically made their application process, like the whole acceptance process more difficult for Asians. 'cause they were kicking too much ass. They had too many like Asian people that were willing to fucking work their ass off. Study 12 hours a day, get straight A's.


They're like, man, it's too many of these folks. We gotta make it tougher. What, what did they do to make it more difficult? Specifically? They attached a bunch of things. I believe the argument is they attached a bunch of things like social stuff. Like how much do you engage in, you know, activism? How often are you involved in, you know, social activities on campus? Mm. You know, what are the things are you doing other than just pure academic work? They're like trying to slow them down. They're literally trying to slow 'em down. Yeah. That's another great example too. Like, like even just to, even just to that they can blanket Asian like that as such a Right.


Like, like It's Indian, it's Chinese. There's a lot of, but Yeah. People that come from a hard place are willing to work hard. That's the difference. Yeah. And the, the problem with meritocracy is that some motherfuckers will go for it. And if you get a whole country of people going for it, that gets scary. For the people that just wanna take naps. It's the same psychology that goes in, like in a lot of the smaller Appalachian towns, like, like where we, where we recorded was really close to Bramwell, West Virginia. But if you look at, like, even if you look at Bramwell, West Virginia and their recent political history, like the last mayor they had, she, she embezzled money from the town and whoops, there was like whoops. You know, and this is in a very small town. Like, so, so government corruption exists like everywhere And it almost is like maybe in those big cities.


I I, I understand definitely that I think things are intentionally neglected. Like to create chaos and to create this, like you said, this need for more resources and more. But it's also just that maybe a lot of those people that are in positions are just very spineless and self-centered and like, they don't even care that people are dying in their streets. They're worried about the, the, the money that can be made in the ego and the power of it. It goes back to kind of what I said in that a RC speech about lack of leadership. I just see that like if we had people in big cities or in small Appalachian towns that had like a real backbone to 'em and like, and, and had, they were in a real position of like leadership where they wanted to fix things, that a lot of that stuff would get addressed and covered. But we just don't have the right people in power. Maybe even is what it is.


Even in, even in local government, don't Run the right. People don't run. They don't want that job man. They don't want that smoke. They don't want people attacking them. They don't want any of it. The right people are the people that don't want to be president. It's almost, it's almost like they've made these positions only appealing to people who are like sociopaths sort of criminals. Sociopaths or criminals. Yeah. Yeah. Real for real. Like who the fuck wants to run everything? You gotta be crazy. Yeah. I don't even like running my whole house. I don't like having employees. It's too much. It's too much responsibility. What do you think would happen if just some normal people ran the country though? Like just some average Joe? Like what if me and you just went and ran the would me, if you ran for president, what would happen? It would be like, who Would get killed? Would you put a fucking convertible roll? Dallas? They would definitely shoot Dallas. They would definitely be able to hit my big head.


That's for sure. They wouldn't, my Head's not that little either. You want a cigar Scar? Yeah. Yeah. Let's do it. Get on that big dog. Well The la I, I smoked a cigar with a guy one time that What happened? This is the second. It didn't end up all on the internet. Yeah. This is your second cigar ever. Yeah. Let's keep it, keep it running for a minute. Yeah. Just pull on it. The the real cigar guys, they want you to do that first. You kind of bake the outside. Ah, there we Go. Hitting it like it's a, like it's, I'm in high school And it's like a fat Joint. Oh magic. A joint like this. I guarantee you there's some people out there, some rappers rolling blunt blunts is thick. You gotta do it this way. Or they get mad at you.


Yeah. This is really good. Yeah.


With how much your privacy is being invaded online. VPNs are no longer just a nice thing to have. It's a necessity. Some people think I don't need A VPN because I have nothing to hide. But that's exactly what data brokers want you to think because their profits depend on you having nothing to hide. What you do online is your business. And if you want to keep it your business, you need express VPN. With express VPNA hundred percent of your online activity travels through secure encrypted servers. It hides your IP address so no one can use it to track and sell your online activity and your privacy is restored. Express VPN is also a great tool to secure your sensitive information from hackers. If you're using public wifi, like at a hotel, airport or coffee shop, anyone can hijack your connection and access your most sensitive information. With Express VPN you know that your passwords and banking info are safe and secure. Express VPN is the number one ranked VPN by the experts at CNET and the Verge. And right now you can get an amazing deal. They're offering four extra months free if you go to ExpressVPN dot com slash rogan or tap the banner. And if you're watching on YouTube, you can get your four free months by scanning the QR code on screen or clicking the link in the description.


Shout out to Foundation Cigars. Well, Hey, I did SI did smoke. I smoked half a block, black and Mild with Chris Davison from the Davidson Brothers while we were on tour one time. So I guess that counts as as a cigar, kind of A cigar, like a Swisher Sweets, they kind of count as cigars. I, I Have a talking about Swisher Sweets. I have a friend of mine that I ride side Byside with a lot named Jeremy. And that's all he smokes are Swisher Sweets. And that's like his, anytime I see him, I'm like, yo, what's up Swisher? Sweet. So I ended up hitting him up on Instagram, Swisher Sweet. And I said, Hey, I got a friend of mine. I was like, will you just send him some merch ands? And they totally did. Like, he got this whole like, oh that's awesome. He got like all these shirts and hats and he's the only guy I know that smokes 'em.


But he's like all day smoking 'em. He's a, he was in the Marines and stuff and he's, he's out now and just like rides a boat around all day and hangs he's like, lives his dream life now and smokes Swisher Sweets. So I wonder What percentage of swish of sweets get sliced open for blunts? It's gotta be 50, right Jamie? Higher, higher. 60%. I just, 75 or so. 75%. Jeremy's the only guy I know who really smokes 'em without putting weed in them or anything. He like, he just loves. Yeah. Heck Yeah. Does he inhale them? Yeah, Bro. Ron White does that with them. Little tiny Ron White, Those little tiny cigars. What are those things called again, Jamie? We have a bunch of 'em. Yeah, I don't know. Like little cigarillos or something that Yeah, he brought me a a case of them.


Did I ever tell you the My Ron White story? No, I don't think so. Did you? I'm gonna mess it all up, but that's okay. 'cause that's what the, that's what this is for is to mess stuff up. So it was the night we recorded, gosh, in my head is like spinning out from this thing. This is crazy. The night that we were about tobacco, the day that we recorded the podcast that night is when we went to the mothership, mothership for the first time. 'cause Tom SRA invited me and Right, So we're sitting in there in the green room, Ron White's there, and Tom and a bunch of people, William Montgomery and I got to meet all these really cool people that night. And so Tom was like, man, you ought to get up at the end of our set and do a couple songs. And we only had one guitar. And I really wanted my guitar, Joey, you know, the guy from, he's in the Scornful video, Joey Davis.


I wanted him to get up there and get to do it with me. And Ron's like, well I got a guitar at my house, but, and dude, he's gonna, he's supposed to be getting on stage to do a set in like less than an hour, you know, 45 minutes. So him and Joey get in his car and they run every red light from his house to back and go and get Ron White's guitar. And that's what we used for our Second, he was 15 minutes away. That was such a risky move. Yeah. Like he said, they flew there and back. So You guys performed on stage at the mothership. That was the first time a musical act had ever performed there? Supposedly. Yeah. Yeah, A hundred percent. And, and except for back when it was a musical venue. Yeah. I mean, Steve Ray Vaughn perform, you saw the photos that we have in the, in the tunnel.


Yeah. Steve Ray Vaughan performing there. I think it was 83. He was there. I think if, I think it, I think even by the end of this weekend we will be able to really have a good blueprint for sound in there. Again. Like it's a, it's a small room, but I think it would just sound, you could really have an immersive listening space for people to like, just such a cool spot to maybe do music now and there. Oh yeah. No, I think it would be a great spot to do music. It's just, we're always packed with comedians, you know, we'd only do it for someone like you for Fun. It could be a lot. Yeah, it could be like a, every once in a while. Like, I love the idea of it doing, being like a live recorded thing that, 'cause I, my favorite music to listen to is the live version of almost anything anyway.


Oh yeah. Of people. And it would be cool to go back and, I mean, our plan with this, we're gonna record, we'll record Friday and Saturday night and my plan is to put out some kind of mothership live at the mothership and like have some of the money go back to the Humane Society. Oh, that's awesome. That's beautiful. We're gonna record it and just see what ha see what happens. But even if we just get a couple song songs out of it or something and put 'em out. Oh, That's badass. But yeah, I like that. I really like the Austin Humane Society. They, I was looking at all their, they got like some really funny dogs and stuff on there too, but I, I think it'd be, I think it's cool getting to do something with 'em. Yeah. I can't go to those places. I would have a hundred dogs. They Got this one dog on their website. I should have, I should have sent it to you, but I don't know, maybe Jamie can find it.


But it's like, there's this one like older dog, I think he's a chihuahua or something, but he is got this real funny name like Buddy or Poppy or something. But he's like the most, like, he doesn't have any teeth. His tongue's hanging out. I was like, that's my, I could just take him home with me buddy or something. I've Had a bunch of rescue dogs in my life And it is a thing, there's a, like a relationship you have with them that's different than any other dog. Like they fucking, they're so, they love you so much. There's so happy you rescued them. Like they know that you rescued them. Whereas my dog Marshall, he has no idea. He's like living the best life. He's just like, everyone's my friend. Yeah, he has, he's never fucking growled at a person in his life. He's nothing but sweet. Think about how lucky you gotta be to be Joe Rogan's dog.


That's pretty cool. Like, what's the odds of that outta all the dogs? Well, lucky of mine. I have a dog like him. Yeah. He's the best dog ever. Yeah, I know. I He's like a little human. He's like a human. Like we have conversations. Like he, he knows like, not just words he knows like when I'm saying something like what to do, like he, me and that dog are like locked in. It's wild. He's the best. He's just all love. Yeah. Like for everybody that comes over, like when people come over the studio and he's here, he just does a circle. He's like, I'm your friend and then it licks you. I'm your friend and he just, he goes around and, and he sees you. The first thing he does is flop on his back. Like, I know you wanna rub my belly. Come on.


Yeah. He's just so used to being just love dogs. Yeah. I just got a, well I had, you know, I had the three, I had three dogs and then I, I lost my white Shepherd like right after we got off a tour. He got bone cancer and he was gone within like a month or a month and a half and Half.


You know, it's a really important thing that we should probably tell people about right now. And we're talking about cancer. Stop feeding your dog processed food. I know it's expensive, but if you can get it, get yourself your dog. Real food. There's companies like Farmer's Dog, that's what you use, right? Farmer's dog. And they'll send you like real food and you feed your dog real food. It's like real human grade meat and vegetables. Your dog will be way better off. Just like you would be way better off anything that can sit on a shelf for six months and not rot is not good for you. Yeah. It just sustains them, you know. And then, you know, obviously dogs are running around drinking outta puddles and You know what fucking toxins they're exposed To might need a lot of like horse shit and stuff too. They're obsessed with it, but they, You're get, but you're gonna get a healthier dog if you feed him real food. That's all I'm saying. I'm not saying it's secure to all ills, but man, it fixed my dog Quick. Marshall was starting to get a little chubby and we're trying to lessen his food, but he was always hungry. And I was like, this sucks. And then we found out the company that I'm using is Maeve, MAEV. And they sell you frozen food and he eats it frozen and it's just meat and vegetables and, and he like fucking loves it and he gobbles it up and he lost the body weight. His coat looked better. He had way more energy. I'm like, of course he's eating real food instead of eating some processed bullshit that's filled with preservatives. You can sit on a fucking shelf. Or like if you only ate protein bars all day long and nothing but protein bars, he'd probably get sick. Yeah. How is that thing just sitting there? Like how, how can you just live Off of that Plus you got, you gotta get tired of eating the same thing every day. Yeah, that too. Yeah. Like at this point, I mean, I feel like for your dog, he might as well live a pretty cool life. He's got, you know, he's Joe Rogan's dog. He can't just be eating regular dog food anyway. I, People don't know though. They think dog food is what you give dogs. That's the problem. Like they, they need to understand like, dogs are just like any other animal, like human beings, what they eat has a giant effect on their overall physical health. Yeah.


Yeah. I, I've been feeding mine eggs. We've got a bunch of laying birds now and meat birds And stuff. Oh that's nice. But they'll, they just eat raw eggs. How long do your meat birds live before you whack 'em? So we, I just, I've got some now that are about two weeks old and they'll be gone. Like, they'll be gone before it starts to cool off. It's quick. It's, I wanna say like two and a half months with them. They get, they get to the point where they get so fat they actually can't hold themselves up anymore. That is so crazy. Yeah, Because I don't have meat birds, I have egg laying hens and these little ladies just run around all day long. Run, Run, just run. Let you run loose. Yeah, yeah. Run, run, run.


Yeah. Yeah I do. I do the chicken tractors, but then I will let 'em out during the day some too, just so they can run around. But Yeah, it's good for them. Makes the eggs healthier. But this thing, They're hilarious to watch too. They're just great. My friend who runs, he, he has meat ones and he said he waits until their legs break and I go, what? He goes, they get so big that their legs break and that's when you kill 'em. I'm like, Jesus Christ, what did we do to these fucking chickens? It's kind of, it's kind of sick. Yeah, it is totally Sick. 'cause I'm seeing my chickens that are years old just running around and these fucking chickens get to be two months old and their legs break from the weight of their bodies. Yeah. Yeah. It's kind of depressing.


But that's why at least in their short life, I try to let 'em have, I let 'em get us some sunshine and run around and read stories to 'em at night and all that. And that way it's not so bad that way it doesn't feel like I'm just a, like a horrible dictate. Like a chicken dictator or Something. The imagine the amount of chickens that get whacked in this country every year is Crazy. Yeah. And, and honestly raising birds in your yard is so much better than, so much healthier. Buying em from Tyson or something like that. Oh. So that's a regular chicken on the left from 1957. And then by the time 1978 rolled around, we got 'em pretty fat. It kind of looks like, it just looks kind of like what happened with all of us from then, from back then till now. And you know, probably no coincidence we're all eating terrible food too.


But I think there's something going on with their genetics too. I think they look at that thing. That's crazy. Look at the size of that butterball. Yeah, That, that looks like a fucking soccer ball. Isn't that nuts? That's nuts. That's a chicken. That is fucking insane. Look at that one sitting there in a ball. Look at that one that's in a ball. Look at that. That is bananas. Wow. Yeah, they're still my favorite. I've tried so far. I've tried, I do Guinea birds, turkeys and we've tried a, tried a few different types of chickens and stuff, but Turkey's overrated. Turkey's good. They're funny. Well yeah, to eat. They're probably overrated but they're really funny in person. Yeah, They're good. They're good to eat. If you eat 'em right after you get 'em outta the oven or if it's gonna be on the sandwich with a bunch of other shit on it, otherwise they're dry and boring.


It's a weird bird. It's a bird that like, somehow or another we, it became our holiday bird. You know what I mean? It's very strange. They make this real guttural noise. It's like, it's like a vibration more than a noise. But the males, they have this like crazy like I, I can't, I don't even know how to describe it, but it's like that it's with, it's a noise they make internally that You can hear. Yeah, it sounds like, it sounds like a UFO it sounds like when you're getting sucked up in the UFO. It's crazy noise like that. Yeah. Oh really? But I like, they're like dogs to me. I've got a couple Timmy and Tommy and they, they hung around the hang out yard. Yeah, well I did Timmy's now Timmy's in the freezer, but if we still got, we still got Tommy.


So Tommy's Still your friend Tim. Breakthrough on the birds domesticated and then gene, ah there it is. That played a key role came in 2010 with a study of the genomes of eight different populations of present day chickens from around the world. Researchers found that they all carry two copies of one version of a gene called the thyroid stimulating hormone receptor, which apparently set in motion changes that plumped up the birds. This dominant version of the gene or allele had swept through all the domesticated chickens regardless of whether they were boilers. Broilers rather bred for size or strains bred for laying many eggs. Although the precise function of the gene is not known, it regulates metabolism, re reproduction.


So probably stimulated chickens to lay more eggs year round. So the big ass chickens that lay more eggs, it Start off, it's from a decree from a pope a thousand years ago. Whoa. How did they didn want ban on four-legged animals. What? Yeah, They got tough and banned meat from four-legged animals on fasts. Oh, on fasts. Which numbered 130 days outta the year. Damn. 130 fasts. What were they doing back then? Yeah, you couldn't eat like you had to fast all of L which is 40 days. That's like the Christmas, Easter fast. You probably had to do it again now around Christmas. But when they say fast, but you could eat chicken. Yeah, They didn. Well that's not fast Or fish. That's bullshit.


Yeah, the lint thing when I was a kid, I remember that. Yeah, I Remember. I don't know, I can't Fish on Friday. I don't think that the Catholic church, I just can't imagine the Catholic church ever coming out with some kind of decree. That just doesn't make total sense though, you know, for everybody have to follow. I don't know, forever. I'm sure it's some I I'm sure there's some, yeah. Forever. I'm sure there's some reasonable explanation. Yeah, they definitely have it dialed in. Yeah. It's not like churches a thousand years ago would, would ever do anything that didn't make a lot of sense. So, well I think back then what, when did they stop being allowed to have wives and shit? When did that happen? Like when did the Catholic church put a ban? What? Like when did they make it so that everybody had to be celibate? Boy, what a stupid idea that was.


You want to get people com completely disconnected from society and sexually insanely repressed. Just you give 'em salt Peter and tell 'em they can't beat off. It Became Canon law in the 11th century, later reinforced the Council of Trent 1545. So I bet there it sounds like there's 300, 400 years of a little slippery times.


What do you think This episode is brought to you by Masa chips? Did you know that all chips used to be cooked in Tallow up until the nineties when big corporations switched to cheap processed seed oils and today seed oils make up 20% of the average Americans daily calories. Well, Masa decided to do something about it. They created a tasty and delicious tortilla chip with just three ingredients and no seed oils. Just organic mixed tamis corn, sea salt, and 100% grass fed beef. Tallow Masa chips is beloved by tens of thousands of customers, including me. I buy them, they're, they're awesome. They've been endorsed by leading health and nutrition experts like Ben Greenfield and Gary Breca who have appeared on this show as well. Ready to give Masa a try. Go to masa chips.com/jre and use the code JRE for 25% off your first order.


Ultimately, what is the motive? I, it's all control obviously, but just, it's crazy to think about all the things that, you know, the church, at one point in time, the church was almost like the power structure. They were like the government. Yeah. For a long time, you know? Yeah, for Rome. Yeah. Yeah. I mean they had immense power the, like the Pope would decide whether or not armies were gonna be set places. Yeah. It's nuts. Yeah. And if you look at the Vatican, you go, oh, this is what you guys did. You fucking stole everybody's art. They have so much art. Like, how'd you get this? Yeah. How co convenient. How did you get billions of dollars in art? I mean, it's kind of cool. I love the fact that it's there And you could visit it and you should visit it. If you've never been to the Vatican, it's fucking bananas In a way.


It's like there's always been somebody trying to use a moral high ground to control other people. Like now it's the opposite, right? It's like now it's people, now it's like the people opposite of church that are sort of like trying to control people through this moral authority of like, this is what's right. And ju like this sort of new society that we have to live in where everything has to be comfortable and nobody's allowed to be offended and we're not, and it's like all this, that's like the same authoritarian psychology that was in the old church. It's like this is the moral, you have to follow this because it's the moral high ground of you know, and you're not allowed to speak it. Of course. It's like, it's always somebody trying to control somebody else with this virtuous Yeah. Bunch of propaganda that And it, yeah, it's fun. Like I was talking, you know, my a, most of the people on my team, I say most, there's only really four of us now, like in my music business, but two of them are from Ireland and they were, and my tour manager was telling me about like growing up in, you know, growing up in Dublin when he was younger, I guess like back in the seventies or eighties and the like, just, just the stigma within the church and all the like, so much stuff that the church was doing wrong that would get kind of covered up and brushed to the side.


And it's just cra it's really crazy when you read into all that, like how, like how much corruption existed back then. You know, we, it's like now, it's now it's easy to point to corruption in government and in society and everything else, but it's not like the church is more dead now than it is corrupt, I'd say. But back then it was just like this power hungry thing, you know? That. And that to me, that's not real church. That's just, like I said, that's just government or a regime using church as a, you know, using God as a way to control people. But it's a lot different than, than what church should be or could be For sure. I mean that's, it's, that's just a function of human beings when they get in power. Human beings, when they get in power, they want more power. Like if you're in the auto business automobile business and you're making cars, you wanna make more cars.


I wanna make more cars. I wanna sell more cars. Yeah. Gotta sell more cars. If I'm in the power business, I want more power. I don't want this amount of power. I want more power. These people trying to take my power away. I want extra power. The best way to keep them from taking my power away is to get more power and get it so that they can never take my power away. You know, lock it down, make the elections bullshit. You know, make it like Russia. Hey, Putin won again. Everybody clap. Did you, Have you seen that video that went around recently of, I think it was in Romania, but there was like a overthrow that happened in a day. There was like the, it was a, it was from back in the eighties. It was a, I think it was like a, it was a dictator that it was over Romania, I believe. I don't know. I'm, I'm not on the internet a whole lot anymore, thankfully.


Thankfully. But I remember watching a bit of this video where this was like a Romanian dictator who had, he had been in power for like 20 years and had done a lot of oppressive stuff, but overall was like maintaining power. And then at some point a police officer or a military official or something shot I think like a, like a preacher or a pope or something. And the, the, the dictator dude took the side of the police And it sort of was like a cultural shift. And basically like he went to give this big speech and all these people showed up and they had applause playing over loudspeakers. But really the crowd was there to like mob. And within like a day they had like taken the whole government over. The whole military turned against him. It was a big video that just got uploaded about it. Whoa.


Like maybe a month ago. I think it was Romania, I believe. But it was so quick. It was like he went from being in this position of power and like ruling over everything and having just, just extreme wealth and the whole military at his disposal to, to everyone turning on him and him. He was publicly executed I think the day after that speech. But that was just something I watched. Whoa, Here We go. Yeah. Executing a dictator open wounds of Romania's Christmas revolution. Whoa. They did it on Christmas. Damn. Damn. Wow. And there's a video on this. Yeah, there's a video on YouTube that, that somebody, somebody sent me that I was watching through. It was just, it just showed out. It just showed though, going back to like, if enough people have their minds made the same way, they can just pretty much do anything.


Wow. But I believe it was with, it was within like a two day period that all this happened. He went from being empowered to being publicly executed and they held up elections afterwards and like, and I don't know all the history of it. I know very little, but it's just something that seemed really interesting to me that I've never, I was never taught this in school or anything. I know that, but of course I didn't pay a whole lot attention while I was there either. So maybe I, maybe I did get taught. I don't know. There's Been so much war in that part of the world, man, for so long, for so long. It's like baked into the ground the crazy shit that's going on in Ukraine right now. Have you seen that? They, they're flying these drones that you can't jam and the way they are, they have like miles of fiber optic cable attached to them.


Yeah. This is so crazy. They're like fishing, like fishing with a drone and now birds are making like nests at this fiber optic stuff. They're picking it up and like, oh, this is perfect. Make a little nest with this shit. Do you see how they got those drones in for the attack on the planes recently? What did they do? They, They drove 'em in in trucks, right? Yeah. They were like, I don't know what buried is the right word, but they were like secretly in the trucks and then like they all came out at once or something. Like the roofs opened up of these like log cabins or something. They all came out and they all went out and attacked all the flames, Roof sheds. They were sheds loaded on the trucks. Stucker on the perimeter. Well, Pretty fucking ingenious man. And they said it took like a year and a half to come up with this plan.


This'll change war for every forever though, I guess. I mean, artificial intelligence will too. I'm reading a book about it right now. A fiction book. One of the gray man books that is specifically about using autonomous weapons. It's the Chaos Agent by Mark Graney. It's, it's about a guy who's this billionaire who develops this autonomous weapons weapons program. But they're doing that, they're doing that right now. And we don't know like how advanced China stuff is like, but we know their drones are insanely advanced. Like their drone shows that they put on, they, they just put on another one recently, like the largest ever drone show.


And you watch these coordinated things in the sky that are creating images and you're like, that 100% could be a weapon. Like that thing can, you can get that thing to be so precise. They coordinate together. All you'd have to do is like, put a suicide drone put, like, look at this thing. Look at these things, bro. These are drones. Yeah. How nuts is this? I mean, that is fucking bananas. Look at that. I, I mean it's crazy. I've heard, you know, this is all just generalization stuff, but I've definitely, I've heard people make pretty compelling arguments about like, you know, all these sort of like prophetic visions of the end of times all the stuff in the sky and all the imagery and all that that a lot of that could be, I don't know, I just, I, I see a time coming very soon where the, where warfare is conducted with these drones and also with like probably ground machinery too.


Like you see they've got Tesla bots and other variants of that that are able to catch tennis balls and organized groceries and yeah, these things are all fed off of artificial intelligence, which knows everything about all of us collectively. It sees where we go and what we do and what we say and what we shop for and what we look for and how we drive. And it's like this almost like this very godlike thing. And I don't think that it even matters who's ai it is, if it's China or ours or some private company. I think it's like at some point it will just be the thing. We won't it, it won't even be China's AI anymore. It will just be, Yeah, it'll say fuck you China. You know? I mean, we're taking over, we don't believe in countries. We believe in the hive mind. How do you stop that? Like you don't, how do you, like it goes into, it goes into industry and creativity And it almost everything, almost everything that a human can provide out outside of very select few things can be emulated and replicated and done by it.


It makes us practically irrelevant in the eyes of, well In, in a lot of ways. It doesn't make us irrelevant in art because you're always gonna want art from a person. You're always gonna want art. You're always gonna want paintings from a real person. You're always gonna want music from a real person. You're always gonna Want, I don't know though, like ISI think with I I, I think AI is already like deeply ingrained in music. I don't think, I can't, I don't know. I would bet, I'd bet a lot that most of the new big song, the big hot songs that get written and just the big, I think AI drives all that. I know for a short period of time I used a social media company in Nashville. There was also a period of time that I used a management company in Nashville.


And both of those girls I worked with at both of those companies who were helping me with social media stuff. They even had ai, like trying to write my captions and stuff. And I would always just like, it was always those most dumb sounding stuff, but it was like, if they, they would take pictures from after a show or something and they would wanna make a post on Instagram the next day that says, oh, had so much fun in this town. It was, I'll never forget it. Can't wait to see you next time. And it was just like this little, they had like a little thing, but it, it pre wrote all these based off of like how I wrote in the past and stuff. And it's weird how I, it goes back to what you said about most of what's on the internet isn't real anyway. But I think in music, AI is much more prevalent than we realize. I just think it's like kept in the, I don't, people aren't gonna say that they're using it, but I think like in the big, these big songwriter circles and things where they have to generate, you have to generate 20 or 30 songs a week, and like, there's all this pressure.


I mean, like, and that's your job. And you're like, oh my God, what am I gonna do? Like, you know, like, I can't go back and live with my parents. I gotta do, I don't know, I just, I don't see how people aren't, it's in almost, people use AI in almost every job now. I know. Like, people who are in sales who use it to like, help 'em manage their customer bases and who they're gonna call on and what they're gonna, I just, I don't know. I think it will become, I think it's already become ingrained in us. We're already so addicted to, we're so reliant to technology. It's, it's pitiful, you know, just like how hard it is to walk around without a phone, you know? Yeah. We're integrated. Even even with when I had periods of time where I knew I had months off and did, I would always, at least I got to the point where I, I weaned myself down to like this.


I bought a flip phone from Walmart that still runs on a Verizon sim, but that's, that's what I'd carry. And two or three people knew my, but even then, I always felt like I at least had to have a flip phone on me in case, like, what happens if you're out in the woods and break your leg? Or I don't know where, like, but they are now a part, like those phones are a part of us. We don't go anywhere without 'em. We feel naked, Don't have no Phone. We feel vulnerable without 'em. So I Know you really do. Like, if you go for a quick walk without a phone, you're like, oh my God. So when the time comes, when it is like, will there, if there even is a definitive time, but it's like when we have to choose between integrating with AI and not most people are gonna do it. Yeah. It's, most people will just immediately submit and be a part of it and be maybe even excited to be a part of it. It probably won't be a decision that you're allowed to make it, it's probably something that's gonna be, if you wanna function in society, you have to integrate, Like we talked about in that text, about how it feels like we're in an alternate dimension.


And it seems like there's these like, things coming, you know, it's like, it does, it does it also, it is just because things happen so fast and chaotic that we can't really keep up with anything. One day the submarine collapses, and the next day this other crazy thing happens. And then, you know, I don't know, it's just like, it's so hard to keep up with what, anything of what's really going on. I think the problem is that we have to start having people gather together again and hangout and not just make all of our hangouts digital, because the systems, like you said, there's bots and algorithms and marketing approaches and psychology that's just deeply rooted. That goes into like, just the way we fundamentally communicate now as societies and just globally. Like, we all just talk on, I mean, gosh, I like, I've used this example before somewhere talking, but it's like, I think about back when I was in high school, like my high school girlfriend, you know, we would have some trivial argument about something.


There was no way that me and her were gonna text and figure out how to fix that. And now, you know, like, and that was a high school relationship. Like that was over something stupid. It's like real world problems. You can't fix just texting and I don't think we can fix all this shit on X and Facebook and all that. I think it's like, it's, I think people just have, people are, We're almost to the point now where we prefer socializing on the internet because it's, it's almost like our minds have become more adapted to think that way. But it's, but it's, we're, we're in this digital world chasing and emulating all of the things that we're, that are, that we have this void from, from not having in real life. Like, I don't know. It's, it makes it very complicated to fix anything when we're the only way that we can, we have this amazing, intricate English language where all these words can mean all these different things.


And it's so easy to put everybody together in a digital space with AI and bots and manipulation and, and algorithms and big companies. And how do you fix all that in that space? It's just like, it's, you'll never, it's like in a house. We're just in a house of mirrors, you know? Yeah. You, you're, you're supposed to not engage. That's what people need to stop doing. But the problem is, the consequences of the actions of the rest of the world do affect you if they're big. And so you worry about the big ones. So you pay attention. So you gotta pay attention to the bad news of 8 billion people, which is just unsustainable. And it's also this ability to interact or not interact as you choose all throughout the day. Like, you don't have to be invested in a conversation.


If you and I are gonna have a conversation and you ask me about something and I start to answer and I just wander off, you're like, well, how fucking rude. But on the internet, that's normal. Like, somebody posts something, somebody have a response an hour later and nobody cares. It's like, I guess he was busy. Yeah. You know, it's normal because you're engaging and not engaged. It's very unhuman. All of it is unhuman and it's all like constant. Even if you think you're immune to it, there's this constant input of other people's thoughts into your own that makes you foggy. It gives you, like, I was talking to Sugar Sean O'Malley about it once, and he said, I get a low level anxiety just scrolling. I'm like, yeah, right. Like, what is that? I think it's on purpose though, that that's captive. That keeps you, it keeps you engaged though, you know?


Yeah. But I don't even know if it's on purpose. I mean, I think it's just, they figured it out along the way that people get engaged like that. Like, that's why when you open up TikTok, it immediately starts playing you things like you're, you're on the hook right away. The Instagram, you gotta choose. Like, sometimes you might get a picture of someone's dog Aw. And then you scroll up and it's a music video, and then you scroll up and it's a guy getting assassinated and it's, and you, you get to choose, you know, with TikTok, they just start hammering You. Even with Instagram, it seems very flashy. Like there's always stuff, you know, and there's always sex always ends up somewhere in it. Like, yeah, something gets popped up or whatever. And you just, It's all for engagement. And that's your attention is what's worth so much money, which is so strange. It's so strange.


Your data and your attention, and nobody thought about the data part. Boy, if we thought about the data part and they set up different regulations back in the 1990s when a OL first burst onto the scene, if they realize they'll go, data is going to be one of the most valuable things in tech companies that do nothing but offer you free email and a free search engine. They're gonna be the biggest fucking companies in the world. And it's because of your data. And they're gonna be like siphoning off your data without telling you about it. And they're even gonna be lying about it. They're gonna be running like little secret things where they're snatching up your contact list and snatching up your email and all your friends and trying to get them to buy shit.


It's like this episode's brought to you by Eight Sleep. You guys must have heard about Eight Sleep by now. Right? You know the company with the sole mission of improving your sleep. So Eight Sleep has just launched a new product, the Pod five. It's the latest generation of their signature innovation. A smart mattress cover that automatically regulates your body temperature throughout the night. The result you enjoy up to one full hour of additional quality sleep each night. Just put the pod five on top of your current mattress and let it work its magic. The AI driven autopilot will learn your sleep patterns and adjust your temperature elevation and wake up timing. And thanks to its built-in sensors, you get a personalized sleep report every morning. No need to wear any devices. Head over to Eight Sleep dot com slash rogan and use the code Rogan to get $350 off the pod. Five Ultra. You still get 30 days to try it at home and return it if you don't like it. But you will love it. I love it. I love mine. And your body will thank you for this investment in better sleep. Eight Sleep shipping to countries worldwide. See details at Eight Sleep dot com slash rogan.


This episode is brought to you by Simply Safe. Some things take time hunting, developing healthy habits, gardening, you have to wait months for a decent crop, but it's rewarding to see all your hard work and patients come to fruition. On the other hand, there are some things you just can't sleep on, like your personal safety. And did you know, most home security systems don't take action until it's too late. That's why I like SimpliSafe. They're on top of things, helping you stop break-ins before they happen, not after. They use a combination of live monitoring agents and AI powered cameras to keep an eye on your property and deter suspicious people. And you can use it to keep an eye on your garden that you've spent so much time and money on. Speaking of, that's another great thing about SimpliSafe the pricing. They have plans that started around a dollar a day with no hidden fees. What you see is what you get. There's a reason why millions of Americans continue to trust and use SimpliSafe. Don't wait. Get 50% off your new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and your first month free at simplisafe.com/rogan. That's simplisafe.com/rogan for 50% off in your first month free. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Wow. Yeah. Well, it's, it look, yeah, I mean even just, that's what I mean, even just the little bit of access I have to my fan base and like the reports that can be ran on, like what they do and what and who they are. And like it's seeing, seeing it from that side, it's just, it just really, it goes back, like I said, just saying that I, I think we're, for right now in society, our job is to feed this machine. Yeah. And so, And it know, like, it just knows entirely too much about all of us. And that's very important in every aspect. And whether it's in like comedy, music, any kind of pop culture, like everything, all of our reactions and behaviors to what is presented to us on these platforms only makes it refined down even further.


And they're able to see like your lookalike audiences and what they look at and where they shop and what they like and the, what their retention is on certain videos that have this certain type of thing. And it's like this whole just, it's just a lot of psychology that goes into it that people don't realize. It's very easy to download the app and get on there and look and, But you don't have to pay attention to it. You could just be yourself. Well that's, that's also possible. That's, I just couldn't find a way to be on there. And still, I, the only time I'm ever on my profiles is if I'm with Draven or somebody and we're like looking through comments together and replying to stuff or doing things. But I don't have any of, I haven't had anything logged in on any of my devices since last November. Yeah. Just keep doing what you're doing. Like that's the, the, the thing that I was saying about what AI can't recreate in music.


Yeah. I'm sure there's AI songs and there was a great AI song by Drake that they made that they had to get removed. Right. Didn't they? Don't they remove those? Think so? I think so. But people still want to hear the real shit. Like, the reason why your song became so popular was 'cause you can really see it's just a guy with a guitar like standing Yeah. You know, grass behind him and shit. And a dog in the background. There's a, there's a thousand more people that are way better than me that are in that same space. And I think, I think my dream of this long term is to figure out how to like, like how do you get all those people into the limelight? Like Yeah. Like what I've been working on since, I guess, you know, the one important thing to, to drill home to people too, as a follow up since the last time we were here, it goes back to that first conversation we had.


But, you know, you remember I was arguing that I really wanted to put all the money from Richmond into a nonprofit and not ever even touch it. 'cause I was just, I didn't want all that. I felt like it wasn't my money. I felt like all those people went outta the way and supported me and like blew all these other huge songs off the chart. And I just, I wanted to, so, and then you said, well, no, don't do that because nonprofits are sketchy and people are corrupt. And like, just keep the money yourself and then figure out how to do good with it. Yeah. And that was the biggest thing. I walked away from that first conversation we had. And so, you know, now it's like, that's the one thing I do want people to know too though, is like that Richmond money and everything, it's, it's went to good. It's went to do a lot of, and what I think will be in, in the long run, a lot of important things I've been buying.


Most of it's went towards buying land and stuff. But I've got this whole kind of crazy thing. I'm like a just a way for people to unscrew their minds to get reconnected into nature. And You're gonna be a cult leader. I was thinking about it. Yeah. Yeah. I was thinking about, I might, I might try to get with Vermin Supreme. He's got this cool idea about everybody having a free pony and stuff. And I think that would work out. You ever seen him vermin? No. Who's that Guy? Vermin Supreme. Do you know who he is doing? He runs for president. I think he's from Connecticut. Maybe he runs for president every time he wears. Does he He a big boot on his head. What? Yeah. How do I not know this guy? Yeah. Yeah. You'll he's hilarious. There's a, you go, oh, this guy, there's a video of him from that New Hampshire.


There's a video of him from that New Hampshire primary. How Do I not know about this guy? Wears a boot on his head. He his, yeah. He says he'll take, he's gonna, he's gonna take everyone's guns away, but he'll give you ones that are better. Says he runs on gingivitis and zombie power. He, yeah. He has a mandatory toothbrushing policy. And he'll, he'll say things like, well, no, you know, it doesn't have anything to do with the toothbrushing control camps and the, the dental hygiene authoritarian center, or I don't know. He just gimme Some video of this cat. Oh my God, I gotta hear the best Talking. The best, the best one of him is from that new is from that Connecticut. That one. Like where he's wearing the yellow jacket.


Wherever that video is. That's a, there you go. Vermin Supreme. Thank you. Ti has been eroding the gum line of this great nation long enough and must be stopped for too long. This country has been suffering a great moral and oral decay. This guy's got spirit, a duck boot on his head. A country's future depends And it on its ability to bite back. We can no longer be a nation in indentured. Our very salivation is at stake together. We must brace ourselves as we cross over to the bridge, work into the 23rd century.


Let us bite the bullet and together make America a sea of shining smiles from sea to shiny sea. Now friends, some people will tell you that this mandatory toothbrushing law is about the secret dental police kicking down your door at 3:00 AM to make sure you've brushed friends. It is not, some will mention the dental reeducation centers or the Dental, dental reeducation Facilities. It's about none of these things. It's not about the government issue. Toothpaste containing an addictive yet harmless substance. No friends. It is not even about DNA gene splicing to create a race of winged monkeys to act as tooth fairies.


Friends. What this mandatory toothbrushing law is really about is strong teeth for strong America. I know his Room. And what does this guy do for a living? He looks like an open mic that you would find at the comedy store. He looks like somebody that would be on like a kill Tony. Yeah. But he is, he runs every time and just, he just tries to make like at the, at the very end of this, he, whoever the guy is beside him running, he's like sprinkles dust all over him and says he's gonna make him gay. And so I know he just, he just makes, he's just in there making a mockery of it, I guess, you know, but That's funny. But yeah, that's who I, I have to team up with him for my, for my cult or whatever. My toothbrushing cult. A hundred percent. You need him on board.


Yeah. He needs to be the toothbrush guy. If you're gonna have a cult, you can't have stinky breath. Yeah. You gotta keep it together. But yeah, that's my, yeah, maybe it's like a cult or something. I know. But helping other musicians that, that have talent, like giving them a vehicle that's huge, man. Like, 'cause a lot, there's a lot of people that just don't know how to get started. And sometimes the thing that makes you a brilliant musician or even a brilliant comic makes you bad at promoting. 'cause you're not thinking about yourself. You're like really locked into the work. You're really locked into your thing. And it takes someone who's really thinking about themself a lot and promoting themselves. It's a totally different mindset to be like the social media guy.


Like, to be like really into like, social media videos and really into like, promoting your gigs. You know? So like, a lot of guys fall by the wayside because they just never put their stuff out there. Like there's some brilliant comics. Like, I don't wanna, I don't wanna make it special. Like, you should put this out, man, this is great stuff. But they're, they just want to kill. They just wanna go up their, their thing every night is get on that stage and do the thing. Right. And then rewrite it, go back. And It's also the attention and stuff of it. It's the, it's the not, yeah. I mean it's kind of what I, I kind of laugh when all this happened again with us scorn, with the Scornful song. I was, I remember I called Draven like right after everything went up and everything was starting to move.


And I was like, oh, what have, like, what have we done? You know, like, Here we go, here comes the, yeah, the New York Post is gonna come showing up again at my grand, you know, my grandparents' house next week again or whatever. And it's just like, but I think it's also just, yeah, people just maybe don't want the attention. There's a lot of really funny, genuine people that do comedy, but, and, and they can do com. They can get up there and have enough attention on 'em to do the comedy, but they don't want to be like, Hey, look at me. I mean, I fight that constantly. Even like that little video where we were going in the plane yesterday and I said, plane by day, Joe Rogan pop. You know, like, I don't even just making little videos like that, I feel way outta place. Like, I don't want, I don't need, I don't want people to think like I'm saying, Hey, look at me. You know?


I mean that's why I try to go through these periods where I just don't post or Upload. At least you were in a regular airport, You know? Yeah. Southwest The worst is when people are doing those things in front of a private jet. I'm like, okay, we get it. You're rich. You know, if people try to take photos of me in front of a jet, I'm like, Uhuh. Yeah. I'm not, I'm so not into this. I'm not, I don't like that a tension. I don't want it. I don't need it. It's, which is weird 'cause I got a lot of it and I think it's probably why. Yeah. I have a lot of it. It's 'cause I'm not looking For it. Yeah. But you're also able to, you're channeling it out through all these other, I mean, think about all the things that you've influenced and been a part of and done, even just through this podcast and all the conversations had and the information shared. Like, it's not like you're just posting a bunch of pictures with your shirt off.


Like, Hey, look at me like you're using it. I mean, I, I don't know. I I almost would say it's a, I don't know that it's a coincidence that you got put in this spot for a lot of reasons. I mean, there's a lot, I, you probably don't even look at it that way, but there's a lot of important things that come out of this. And all the other podcasts you've inspired that have done. I mean, gosh, dude, it's a, there's no way to even calculate what you've, if you, if you had never been born, there's no way to calculate how different things would be now. Like, well that's important to think about though. You know, like, it's Sort of, but sort of, but from my perspective, I was just one piece in this thing that happened. Yeah. And you know, that's why I always have my friend Adam Curry on who's the original, he's the pod father. Without him, there would be none of this. He figured out a way to do this.


And, you know, and then also Anthony Kuia from Ope and Anthony and Tom Green. Those are, those are my number one influences. And then Adam Corolla already had a podcast when I started. I was like, oh, Adam went from radio to the internet. Maybe I could do that. I remember going to his place and I'm like, oh, that's pretty cool. It's back when we were doing it on a little laptop. I'm like, wow, Adam has like a real studio. He's got employees and shit. And then, you know, we just kept doing it. Just kept doing it, you know? Yeah. And then eventually it was webcams. Okay, now it's not just the laptop camera, it's actual webcams. Okay, now maybe we should get like real cameras. Okay, let's get real cameras. And then like, maybe we should get a fucking studio. So we tried it at the ice house for a little bit, like maybe I should get another place.


Then we got another place. I'm like, I think I need a warehouse. And then they're like, I think I need armed security. I think I need fucking special ops guys around me all the time. And then it just kept going, man. I remember the moment, I've talked about this before, but I didn't understand what was happening until one day I was on stage in Chicago and I, I think this was 2012. So I think, I think it was around then. So the podcast was only three years old and I didn't realize how many people watched it or listened. A lot of it was listening at the time because I wasn't, I don't look at the numbers. I just kind of keep, I feel like all that's bad for you. You know, reading the comments, looking at the numbers.


I just like, do what you do. That's why I do it exactly the same way. I have a bunch of people on there, no one's ever heard of, you know, and then a few bonos and stuff, you know, every now and then I'll have Russell Crow on something crazy like, whoa, that guy's here. Dennis Quas here. This is Nuts. Yeah. Mel, Mel Gibson one was Good. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, he's the best. Yeah. But, but I was on stage in Chicago and I was telling the story about the podcast. I go, how many guys listen to the podcast? And he went, Ja It was Like three thousand 700 people in this place. And they were all screaming. I went, whoa. Yeah. That's when I realized, like at that moment I was like, holy shit, how big is this thing gonna get? And this is another funny thing. When I went over to Spotify, I was trying to get 10% less famous.


That was my goal. My goal was to fade away. My goal was like, if somebody has to pay me and you have to go to this app to get it. All the people that are getting at the other apps, I'll probably stop listening. Yeah. Like, this would be great. I'll get all the money. And I'll just fucking drift into this place where it's only like the hardcore fans that make the trek over to Spotify. And then this fucking COVID thing happened. Remember in the beginning of the podcast, we lost 50% of our views and Jamie was in a hot panic. Yeah, that's exactly what I meant earlier about not putting a lot of songs out. There's like a, there's some cool place where you can be, where you're, yeah. Where you have your real fans and you're having fun, but you're not into all the sensationalism, all the crap.


You know, like, you can Avoid all that. You're a real guy. You're a real dude. And I think one of the ways that the world has prepared you for this is that you've lived a, a normal life for a long time. You know, a normal life with no live performances, no notoriety, no fame, no nothing. You developed like a re like when people want to hear working man songs, you fucking know Bruce Springsteen isn't a working man. Do You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like, he probably was never really a working man. He was never working on the docks. You know what I mean? He was never really a guy grinding it out. He, he became famous pretty fucking young. You know, he, they Bruce Springsteen in, in the East Street band.


They got hot early. Like they're great, don't get me wrong. I mean, especially as early he's born to run. Fuck, he's got some jams, dude. Yeah. He's got some great songs, you know, brilliant disguise. Oh, fucking love that song. But you are a real working man. Like you were a real working man when you made Richmond north of Richmond. Like that is real. And you can't fake that. And people want that. They want a fucking trucker hat. They want ripped jeans. They don't want like ripped jeans that are ripped from work. You know what I mean? They don't want like real oil stains on your knees 'cause you're fixing your own car, you know? Yeah. Like, that's what people want in this world.


They want authenticity. And it's possible to maintain authenticity regardless of how big you get. It is possible. And I think You can do it. I mean, You can do it because you got here later in life. Yeah. You got here and lived a real life and then you, you made it into magical fantasy land where we all live. Yeah. Well the thing that I've gotten the most from you, like I said, I don't look at my streaming numbers or anything either. That's what I mean. Like when I, I finally did go back and look at Spotify, like I, after a year or a year and a half later, it is just like, oh my God. Like I'm, this is still the thing, you know? But, so I agree with you there. I don't look at the numbers. I, I do, I do catch myself reading a lot of the comments, but only because a lot of 'em are important and they, I think some of the stories in 'em are important for me to, I don't, I don't want to completely isolate myself from that.


And like I said, I also really like some of the negative ones too, I think. And the, the negative ones are a lot less now than they used to be. It was just really early on. People didn't understand how everything happened and I really didn't understand it either. That's why i's like whatever, you know. But moving forward now, yeah, I've got a good like core team of people. I've got draven from radio wv, I've got two or three people on staff. I don't have a management company or a publicist, you know? Perfect. That's the key. I'm keeping it real tight. Real lo Well, I mean, it amazed me when I came here for the first time and saw the staff you have and then like meeting Lex, you know, Lex does all of it. He even turns his own cameras on and stuff. There's only Lex in the whole place. It's like, gosh, I don't need all these, it's like a lot of those positions and jobs and services that musicians use, I think they don't realize that they don't even need, they just are like, oh, that's how it is in music.


That's what I want to cha I want to. Yeah. I don't know. Exactly. It eliminates, eliminates the executive influence. It eliminates the corporate mindset. It eliminates that because there's always gonna be a person that wants you to make a decision that's better for you financially, whereas like your instincts are guiding you towards this artistic decision. Yeah. And anytime those people get in the mix, they fuck everything up. I'll give you a great example. It's like the only, it's the only like call out on here that's negative that I'll say at all. Is that just to show like how stuck in the mud the industry is and how, how much I think it's gonna change in the near future is leading up to this Scornful release. Me and Draven had went back and found about 30 or 40 people who just without us even knowing who they were, made the Richmond reaction videos.


And they were a big part of, of the push of it, especially long term, you know, like people on TikTok and stuff that had made these videos. And so I, I don't have, I own a hundred percent of my publishing, you know, all the music's mind. Thankfully I have my own label technically that collects the money. But you have to use a publishing administration deal in order to collect money like overseas. I know if you're familiar, no. If it's the same in comedy, but like, yeah. Most, any musician, whether you're independent or you're with somebody, you have to have some kind of pub admin. And it's basically somebody that goes and helps you collect publishing money from over, basically, mostly from overseas is the way I understand. Like all these obscure places that money exists. So Warner Chapel does it for me for 9%, right?


So they go collect all the stuff, they keep 9% of it. They're the same to me as if I had a commercial landscaping company managing a property for me. So all I asked them to do was, Hey, Warner Chapel this six foot square of grass where all these reaction videos exist. Just please whitelist these people so they don't get copyrighted. I want them to actually make the money they make on the scornful reaction videos. You know, like, I don't, I don't feel right if, if they're gonna go and make a scornful woman reaction video or, or play drums over it or whatever. I don't want to take 50% of what, You know what I mean? Just don't copy, just whitelist them. And it should have been okay, great. Good idea. You know, instead they just said, we can't do that, but it's for your protection.


So because they want the money. So did they get a percentage or are they on a, how do they, how do they get paid? Well, they, they get, they, they take 9% off of what I get. Yeah. They don't want, but I tried to explain to 'em, well, no, like in the business sense, I, I even counter argued 'em and I was like, well let's think about it in the business sense, this little bit of money, right? That you're not gonna collect off these reaction videos will generate who knows how much traffic to the music, which is worth the money you really want. And it just shouldn't matter anyway. It's not their, it's not their shit to decide on. It's mine. They're just, it's, it's the same thing as if I hired a guy to cut the grass at my commercial property and said, don't cut the six foot square. And they're like, no, we're cutting it. We're cutting all the grass and it's for your, so I had to get my attorney involved and spend like four grand and they whitelisted 'em for 30 days.


And so I'm like, okay. Like that's why all, that's why all of you industry people are like, so, you know, it's like that's why this is happening. Yeah. That's why pe it's like, I don't know, just they don't care at all about the little guy or the, the people who are like doing all the work. They just, I just picture all these like stinky librarian type old people sitting around a table like, And you know, they can make all this money and make all these horrible decisions and pour all these millions of dollars into songs that don't work. And it doesn't matter 'cause it's just like a, it, it's not their, they don't care. They're getting their big salary and yeah. So, so yeah. It's just, even, even in the li even in the most minuscule relationships I've had in Nashville, I get resistance and pushback and like it's on.


I don't know, like why wouldn't they want me to whitelist those 30 people? It's just a little stupid stuff like that that I've constantly dealt with. So I've just decided now, like I don't need, I just don't wanna do anything in the music. Like I don't even need to be in the music business. Like in that sense, you know, it's just, I write my songs, I record 'em, I go do my shows and have fun. But I don't even need to follow any of the model of what, of what like a traditional musician, artist person would've done. You Definitely don't need to Financially, you know, You don't need to do it that way.


Fight night isn't just for fighters. Step into the action with Draftking Sportsbook in your corner as the official sports betting partner of the UFC. DraftKings brings the action to your fingertips. Every strike, take down knockout. It all hits different when you've got skin in the game. New to betting, no problem. Start simple. Pick a fighter to win. Place your bet and you're in even better. New customers can bet just five bucks and get $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins. It's the easiest way to score big on fight night. Download the Draftking Sports Sportsbook app now and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. If you or somebody you know has a gambling problem, call the Virginia problem gambling helpline at 8 8 8 5 3 2 3521 and over Virginia only eligibility restrictions apply. BET must win to receive reward minimum minus 500 odds required. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by Montana Knife Company makers of the best, most sought after knives out there. The company is founded by my friend Josh Smith. He's been making knives since he was 11 years old and became a master bladesmith at just 19, which is wild 'cause there's only about 140 to 150 master bladesmiths in the world. Plus these knives are made right here in the USA, right in Montana. And they're designed, tested and built by hunters, four hunters. I've been loving the Magna Cut Blackfoot 2.0 when Master Bladesmith, my friend Josh Smith, launched Montana Knife Company. He set out to create the ultimate do it all knife, small and light enough to pack on a goat hunt durable enough to completely field dress a moose and shape to gut cape skin and de-bone with ease. He called this flagship knife the Blackfoot And it remains his go-to blade. And I love it as well. It's truly the only hunting knife you'll ever need. Although MKC is still a young company, the demand is already crazy. Literally every time they drop a batch, they sell out in minutes. So if you want to be the first to know, sign up for SMS alerts for exclusive knife drops and their email newsletter to get notified about restocks or go to Montana knife company.com and see what's available now.


Okay. It's not necessary. And you, you have the right mindset is that all those reaction videos will just get more people to listen to your music. It's, that's fact. But those are real, those people were like real fans. Yeah. Who went and did it. Not because they were trying to get traffic or money or whatever. They just like liked it and wanted to push it. And so the least I can do is not take 50% of their stuff and like, it just, but isn't that crazy that it's like there's, nobody's ever done that. I guess like before they were just acting like that was just the craziest thing in the world. So I ended up releasing this scornful song through a company called Sound On, which is like the music distribution side of TikTok. Which seems like something I would never want to do, but they give me the flexibility to go and like, and do all the, they don't care 'cause they're not music industry people, they're just social media people.


So I uploaded it through them basically. So I'm still, I own all a hundred percent of the rights. It's all my stuff. I don't have any deals or records or labels or anything, but they push it to the streaming services for me and they do all the stuff. So that way I'm not even having to use a music company to push my music. I can kind of just like not even be there at all. You know, like not even me in Nashville at all. That's the goal is just to get, and so now that I've got data from, you know, since Richmond basically, and have learned a lot, I, my goal long term is to, I want, I'm gonna always put new music out and write stuff And you know, but it's gonna come in spurts and there'll be times where people won't see a lot of me, but I'm gonna be in the background with other people. Like I want to help, I wanna find these people on TikTok that have like a hundred followers, but I know that they've got what it takes and get with like Draven and some of these other people I've met and like help 'em write some really good songs and record 'em and put 'em out and push 'em.


And just like, I would love to plant like 10 or 15 people into music. Like give them everything I can give them to, to push them forward and make like, that way it doesn't feel like it. I'm, I'm the guy in the spotlight trying to like, I feel like I'm just in a, I feel like I'm like the most, I know these companies have got like all these employees and all this money and all this backing and it's literally like four or five of us taking them. It just, I don't know, to me, I just think I, I think there's strength in numbers. If I could help more artists push forward and like help them break that cycle too, that it would just, it would be like a multiplication factor on this whole thing. That's kind of what that's gonna be kind of my next thing I get into is, is helping produce music and doing festivals and like starting a label basically.


Kind of sorta That's fucking Awesome. But a non predatory one. Like yeah, even, even when D Draven puts somebody on radio wv, if they get 30,000 views, there's already people trying to sign them. Like they just want control of every new thing that's, you know, Well that's what they were trying to do to you right off the bat. Oh And it, they Didn And it felt terrifying too to not do it. It just felt like I was just, it felt like I was just everything. It was everything in me felt wrong doing it, you know? But I just decided that I didn't care about it and that it, I just, you know, I, I remember being very adamant at the beginning that every decision moving forward was based off the fact that I wasn't scared to go back to my old job if I had to. 'cause I'd rather go back to my old job and be me than go to Republic but just be republic's little bitch, you know?


Right. And have to do everything they want and say everything like, and a lot Also seeing where all your profits go and realizing that you got hoodwinked into these deals. 'cause these deals, when they give you a big chunk of money, you gotta pay that money back. Yeah. That's all just in advance. Well If I had went with a label, I would've been a lot bigger though. 'cause they would've made me push 30 songs out a year and they would've put all this marketing money into and they would've kind of inflated me into this big fake like every other country superstar. And so it feels a lot better just kind of being a little, a little scaled back, a little smaller. But yeah, collecting a hundred percent of my money. And then also just knowing that I don't have a boss anymore other than that's the big, you know, other than the man upstairs. Like I don't, that's the best dude.


I mean like that's the big one. I mean imagine ha you know, I've heard stories from bands and stuff now that have told me that they've went and had to record music, like under a label contract and really didn't like the way the album turned out but still had to release it anyway. Like oh my gosh. That would just make me to have to put music out that I didn't think was good or didn't believe It. And they're gonna promote it and then they're gonna get behind it. Yeah, yeah. You don't want other people, especially financial people, to ever be involved in your art ever. Even if they're good people. Like, nah, we can work on a beneficial deal for both people. No, no. It's not gonna be beneficial for you. Yeah. It's gonna influence you and it's gonna turn you in one way or another. That's not the way you would've originally gone on your own. And the reason there's so much money in music is because music's such a big part of us as human beings.


And it's like, it's so funny, the first thing they do when they sign somebody is like, try to rip their identity away. And it's like they, it's like the labels don't understand that it's the identity of the person that put 'em in the position they're in in the first place. It's like you said, the relatability of it, you know. Well There's also, people have this instinct to try to influence people. So it's one of the things that executives do in the beginning when someone's just starting, they go, You know what you should do? You should get a crew cut. I think you'd look great with a crew cut. And then like the crew cut was my idea. Yeah. And like, you know something about Oliver's crew Cut. Everybody loves that crew cut. Yeah man. It's just like he doesn't give a fuck about his air. That was my idea. Yeah. You know, there's a little of that 'cause like people are easily influenced. 'cause like in the beginning you're not sure, like I can't even believe I got signed.


Like, am I gonna be a star? These people all here for me? You know, and they'll fucking get in there. That's happened to me. I mean I brought around February or so I hired this management company that stayed, they were my management company for three weeks. So that kind of tells you how well things worked. But he was super nice, like loved everything I was doing. And then as soon as I got, as soon as I started with him, he was telling other people that I know like, yeah, we gotta figure out how to make him cool and he needs to put like 40 or 50 songs out this year. And they were wanting me to make the social media post like complimenting Beyonce's country album because he thought it was gonna get me in a position. Like it's exactly what you're saying. It's just like, and I just told him, I was like, dude, I, if I wanted to just be, if I just wanted to be somebody's little, like somebody's little puppet, I would, there's a, I would've taken a lot more money for it.


Like, you know, I'm independent so I don't have to do that. It's like, but that's like, and and it's like, the thing is is I don't need to be cool. It's okay that I'm kinda lame and I just, but I'm just me And you know, it is what it is. It's like I don't have to, I don't have to try to get on the internet and pretend to be cool. There's enough people doing That. You're cool man. Stop this. You're cool. You're not lame. You're not lame at all. What the fuck are you talking about? You're a cool guy. You make great music and you're, well thanks. Fun to hang out with. How are you? How are you Lame. Because you're normal. Guess what? Everybody's normal. It's a ruse. Beyonce's normal too. She takes horrible shits. I'm sure we all do. We all do. It's they're humans, human beings. Man. This illusion of celebrity. It's complete, total nonsense Dude.


That's the best thing. Yeah. Everybody takes horrible shit. You want a brain gum? Want some brain gummies? I was hoping you had some of the Alex Jones ones. Well this is The on it ones the new, they're alpha brain gummies. We just got him. How is Alex doing these shit? Do you? He is great. He lost a lot of Weight now I saw he is getting like, yeah, he's ready for the next Day. My friend Sean Johnson's training him. Oh really? Yeah, he gets up every morning. He works out for fucking hours. He's lost. I think he's lost 70 pounds at this point. He looks fantastic man. Yeah, he looks fantastic. He looks like he's 20 years younger. People think this is really funny 'cause you know, his whole business is conspiracy theories. So there's a conspiracy that Alex has been replaced. Yeah. Yeah. Listen folks, that's real. Alex, I've watched every step of the way and my friend trains him so I can tell you for a fact that is the real Alex Jones, quit drinking, quit fucking around, quit eating bad food.


He's eating healthy food now and he works out every day. It's like no ozempic, no bullshit, no shortcuts. He did it the right way. He looks great. Yeah. Yeah, he's, he's definitely, he's definitely one of my bucket list people to meet at some point. Oh, I Can introduce you to Alex. Yeah, we can make that happen for sure. 100%. It'd Be just, I thought that'd just be Hilarious. 100 That's done. Yeah, done. Done. Nice. Yeah. We'll we'll hook that up. Be prepared. That'd be interest. Interesting conversation. Yeah, Because off air he is just like, he is on air. Yeah. He's like, that's Alex Jones. He's ready to go. He's got billion fucking what Bill Gates doing right now. Then he'll like corny. Like what? How does he get away with that? Well, well but basically what they, they paid off all the mass media.


If you see there's a three $50 million donation that he gave to all the media companies, like what, three 50? Is that real? And then Jamie will look it up like, holy Fuck, it's Yeah, I know he's, he's right A lot of the time's He's right most of the time. Except that one big one. But other than that, yeah, You get that with all like they say like the kids say you get that with those big jobs, you Know. You know what also I think happens, and this is, I think this is 100% real, is that there are a bunch of fake stories that get propagated to people that are really invested in conspiracy theories. Hoping that those people promote those fake conspiracy theories and then get outed as being wrong. Yeah. You know, I think you can get caught up in that. And then I also think if you are real quick to not check and, and I'm guilty of that all the time to see if something's legit.


You know, that's one of the vital roles that Jamie plays. Like, Jamie's like, maybe that's not real. Like what? Why are you fucking this up Jamie? Like, we want it to be real. Right? Yeah. You want a nice juicy conspiracy to be real. And then also, you know, at the time of the Sandy Hook stuff, he was drinking like a lot. And I think he was genuinely overwhelmed by all the real stuff that he was finding. You know, when he's getting into the Iraq war and all these different things, it's like, he was just overwhelmed, man. I think he had a psychotic break, you know? And he'll, he'll be the first to say that too. It's like when you, your whole business is uncovering, uncovering insane conspiracies that everybody thinks you're outta your fucking mind.


And then 20 years later they're like, holy shit. He was right about every step of the way. He was telling me about Central Bank digital currency connected to a social credit score system that it's game over. 'cause they'll lock you in just like they've done with China. And he's like saying this like a decade plus ago. And I was like, what? Huh? Yeah, it's cra like the guy before him that I think, I think the two of them actually didn't get along. But I always, if I ever, when if I ever do meet Alex, I was gonna ask him about that is Bill Cooper. But he was a guy who kind of came before Alex that was in the, He's the behold apparel horse guy, Right? Yeah, yeah. But yeah, even back then it just, most of it seemed like total madness now back then. And now it's like, but it's just sort of like, I laugh about when I was a kid, everyone thought that Michael Jackson was the big like sexually perverted guy.


And who knows with Mike. But you know, now I look at Michael as like, this just kid that was put in this terrible position from a child up and now all these other musicians that you wouldn't even think are the sex predators are, it's just kinda like, you just don't really know much of anything anyway. But yeah, like with, With the Michael Jackson thing too is his doctor said that he was chemically castrated when he was young to maintain his voice. And I believe him 'cause that that, that makes sense. Totally makes sense. Makes you look at his frame. Hi. His, his really thin frame where it doesn't look like he has any testosterone. You look at all his brothers, his brothers are like thick. Like What would chemical look, what does chemically castrated mean? Exactly?


Well do, I didn't wanna, It's a crazy thing. It's hormone blockers. Okay. It's exactly what they're doing to trans kids now. Yeah. It's the same thing. Okay. And that's why Michael Jackson had that voice. It's very similar to a RA's voice. Mm. Do You know what a castrato is? So these kids in opera Castrated. Oh yeah. When they were young and there's only one available recording. I think it's just, it's like one guy. Right? Have you ever heard it? You should hear this A long time ago. Yeah, I'd like to hear It. Let's, let's listen to some of it 'cause it's fucking creepy. I just have heard stories about like, about that being a thing that They would keep, their voice would cast children so that they never had testosterone. So that their body never really developed and then they would have them maintain that young voice, that high pitch.


That's only possible if you don't develop the deepness that comes with, that's why when trans men, when women start taking testosterone, their voice starts getting deeper. Things start getting weird. They started getting very Dwayne Johnson. You know, it's like, that's testosterone. That's what it, that's the effect that it has on your voice. And these poor fucks Alessandro Maki. I don't wanna, I'm not going, Don't make fun of him. It's a beautiful woman.


Yeah. This is a grown man, right? He has a grown man. Oh Shit. Sorry. That'll be like sampled in the next Kanye song or something Now. Yeah, we can leave it there. We don't have to play anymore of it. It's so haunting. It's so haunting. First of all, what fucking psycho figure it out that if you cut off little boys' balls, you can make 'em sing like that forever. Like what? Fucking Psycho was the first person to do that. Yeah. Because these are little kids that're doing it too. They're only like six year olds. Was this in the church? Was this like a church thing or a, I do not know.


It was an opera thing. But I know that opera thing. Castrating men, you know, eunuchs was a common thing when people were working in the, the Homes of Royals. They'd castrate them. There's one of the most horrific stories was Nero. Nero beat his wife to death and then took a slave boy who looked like his wife and castrated him and changed his name to his wife and presented him as his wife. Yeah. People in power have always been horrible. Yeah. People when they get unchecked power have always been horrible. That's why directionally like this whole No Kings protest, it's supposed to go down on Saturday.


Directionally it's correct. Like you don't want kings, you don't want oligarchs. But who's funding it? Well, it turns out it's funded by an oligarch start funded by a lady worth $20 billion. Who is the heirs to Walmart? Who? Walmart a company that employs cheap labor and sells a lot of stuff from China that would be affected by tariffs. You know, It's like that with all of them. Though, it's like, It's like that with everything, man. Everything is like, it presents as being this moral situation. Like they're really looking out for you. Yeah, they're really looking out for people. There's, they're never really looking out for people. There's always some primary profit motive that's causing any organized thing.


All Disney. It's never for the human race. It's ne, unless the people are all on mushrooms, it's never for the human race. And until mushrooms get legalized, that's probably never gonna happen. And that's the real battle. The real battle is what gets legal first. AI or mushrooms, you know? Yeah. It's Both of us will lead towards God. Both of them will lead towards God. But one with a completely different,


We all know Americans are still recovering from years of surging prices. Now, some in Congress wanna make cuts to Medicaid, a program that provides critical healthcare to 72 million struggling Americans, including veterans, people with disabilities, kids and your friends and neighbors. 40% of American births are covered by Medicaid. And Medicaid covers healthcare costs for a third of children with cancer. Working families rely on this program. It has 77% support. Nearly nine in 10 Americans oppose Medicaid cuts. Did you know that 12 million Medicaid families live in rural communities? Many of these people voted for President Trump, but they didn't vote for this. If Congress cuts Medicaid, a lot of rural hospitals could close, and a lot of rural families will be hurt. No matter how you look at it. Cutting Medicaid just doesn't make sense. Tell Congress not to cut Medicaid. Our health and our communities depend on it. Paid for by the coalition to strengthen America's healthcare.


This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. Summer is here at last. That means it's time to go enjoy that vacation you've been planning for months, but before you hop on a plane or hit the beach, make sure everything is taken care of at your job. Nobody wants to work on vacation. If you're hiring, there's a fast and easy way to stay on top of things. Zip Intro. It's ZipRecruiter's newest feature that helps you find and meet qualified candidates in a matter of days. And more importantly, you could try it for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan with zip intro. When you post your job, it'll immediately find end schedule interviews with top talent. You could be talking with people the very next day. All you have to do is pick a time and to really speed things up, you can schedule back to back. Video calls. Make the most of your summer. Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with zip intro only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro Post jobs today. Talk to qualified candidates tomorrow for now.


Come I've, It's gonna take me like four or five times listening to it to be able to talk about it, but the, I've went back and listened to the, to the maps, maps of meaning on Audible, and it's one of Jordan's earlier works, you know, and he's talking about society and how it's structured and basically talks about like the motivations and the origins of why people always resort to evil. You know, like in the, I mean, we talk so much about the Holocaust, but not at all about all the other horrible tragedies that happened during the same time. But even like talking about with Russia, like, just think about the Soviet Union and what happened there, how easily people were turned. Again, it's just, we, I, this little moment in time we're in is just so, we should just be so thankful for it, even though it is mass chaos right now. Like the fact that we can, the fact that people are allowed to speak freely and do things and have, have the influence and power they do is just nuts.


When you think about, you're right. I mean, it's this, that this same crazy people that we're arguing about today have always existed in different forms and with different names and faces. But, But we are better off today than anybody else in human history. And this is a struggle, And it is a battle. But I think we can come out of this on the other side if we all realize that we're being played against each other. And that's where it's important, you know, when you're paying people to protest, you're leaving pallets of bricks around and you're organizing the whole thing, and you're shipping people in on buses, and you're making sure that all the people show up at a certain amount of time and they're all compensated and you give 'em water and snacks. Like, we gotta realize what's going on here. This is not for you. When you light your city on fire and you burn cop cars, it's never good.


It's not good for you. It's not good for the cause. They're not gonna change the laws. One thing that I, I heard from Trump today that I thought was very promising is that he wants to make an executive order where people that are here for a long time that have been like working on farms that are undocumented, that they won't be targeted and that they'll be exempt from all this stuff. This is my feeling like if you got here and you're, you've integrated into our society, yeah, maybe you shouldn't have snuck in, but you did it and you're not breaking any laws and you're a hardworking person. Those, those people need a path to citizenship, man. Because if you don't, then they're just pre, they're just preyed upon by people that will take advantage of the fact that they're undocumented and not pay 'em what they're legally supposed to pay 'em and not give them benefits if they're legally supposed to have benefits and they can't say anything because they're worried that immigration's gonna get called on them.


So the, these people are in this constant state of anxiety, and then they hear about the ice raid, like at Home Depot. Like, what the fuck, man? Yeah, there was a, there was a big ice raid at the, at the Facebook data center job not far from my place where I used to have to go when I was at ice. What Facebook data center. Ice Raid? Yeah, at the Facebook project. It's in, it's not far from me in Virginia. I think it's technically would be in, it would be South Boston. I think it's technically in South Boston. Ice didn't bribe or Facebook didn't bribe ice. There's Facebook, I would've fucking bought ice. Some new cars. There's, there's a big job that, a big job site that I used to have to go on some that's in the southern part of Virginia, like not far from North Carolina. And I, somebody was sending me pictures there from the other day, but they had a big ice raid and there was dudes like running through the, like, people were just escaping the job, like running away from the job and stuff.


It was nuts. But See why, why like gang members? Yes. Criminals. Yes. This why, why, like, I think as crazy as it sounds, the only way to do this and look like you have a heart is evaluate people on a case by case basis. Like there's good people, there's good people. It's, it's also so complicated because it goes back for so long. And the idea, the thing now is that there's two very polarizing opinions of what America even is or represents or what job it's supposed to serve to the world. So like, you know, in some, yeah, sure. There, like any, for any country to exist, it has to have, there has to be something there that identifies what it is as a country. And you have, and like, there's like, yeah, like it just seems like without citizenship or without some definitive thing of who's a citizen or not, it's like, then it's not even a country.


It's like, and, and most every country has some, like, the idea of there being no immigration laws for a country means that it's no longer a country. But I also think it's like the, the, the, the opposite side of that too is like America's always in theory, even though it's always been ran by these, there's always been these corrupt people involved in it. In theory, you know, America was, suppo was started as sort of this thing that was like, that can maybe be like, like a sanctuary that, like, that like doesn't allow the, doesn't allow monarchies and dictators and horrible things. You know, like as bad as America maybe has been in certain cases. Like the fact that when, when Japan lost, they didn't just go and take it over and call it another part of America.


Like they went and tried to rebuild. Like in theory, America is supposed to be this vein that exists of, you know, it's, it, it's, it's originate, it's origination is from people who wanted to get away from monarchies and dictators. And of course, like, it's so easy to pick on the founding fathers and all their faults and the crazy things they did, but it was centuries ago in a different culture and they probably were all maniacs. You'd have to be a maniac to, to go up against the world's biggest empire and take it on, you know, like with a musket, With A fucking, yeah. Like, you'd have to be, you have to be crazy. And of course they had personality flaws, but they were, the reality is, is that here's the thing that sucks, is like, And it goes both ways. There's a lot of things about people on the left that people on the right don't realize that they have in common.


And it's the same way with this. Like, I I, it breaks my heart when people just totally trash the founding fathers, not because they were these morally, they took horrendous shits too, I'm sure probably not as bad as Beyonce, but pretty close. And you know, the fact like, of course they were bad people. They were all bad. We're humans, we're flawed inherently, even the best of us, even the ones who act like we're the best and the most, like we're all screwed up. We all have our problems and our faults and stuff. But the fact that they were willing to like go somewhere to another land with all these, with all this crazy stuff and then take on the, you know, the world's biggest empire at that time, just so they could be able to do what they, you know, religious freedom. It's like the, they didn't want religious, religious freedom because they were not even necessarily because they wanted to go to church. I always thought it was like, it's so weird that they, they were fighting for religion, but it wasn't, they were fighting for religion.


They were fighting for the mandate of religion for the, they were, they were tired of the church. And like, I know it's not considered the church anymore, but there is still still a church that dominates us and tries to, to control us now. And that now, unfortunately now the church is just sort of this weird thing, but it's the, it's a zebra mentality, you know, among politicians. It's like, it goes back to that, I think it's Jordan Peterson that talks about the zebras and how they'll do a study on zebras and they'll, it's in the maps of meaning book, I believe. And they'll mark one red to study it, and then the predators take that zebra down because the zebra's stripes aren't camouflaged to their surroundings. They're camouflaged to each other, so they're not easily identifiable. And so four or five lions can't take one zebra down if they all look the same. And in politics, I believe that's what's happened, especially on the left.


You know, I, I had people in Nashville quit working with me because I'm, I talked about this when I was at the Ryman, but I, we had this, this, this dancing this chick that plays the fiddle and she does like flat dancing and stuff named Hillary Klug who lives in Nashville. And we had her come to the Ryman to do this show with us, And it was on a last minute thing, and I'm about to introduce her and I tell the crowd, I'm like, Hey, you know, I said, I got Hillary about to come out. And I was like, but it's not, don't worry. It's not that Hillary and just made it. That was all it took, just made a joke about it. Well, I just, somebody said something in the crowd that was, and I don't know, I just interact and I just say what comes to mind and I don't care. You know, I don't worry about all that stuff and what people might think.


I just try to say what I feel. But I was like, you know, isn't it crazy that somebody like Hillary, who not that long ago, I can remember vividly and as a child or in the teenage years, like being completely against the idea of even having two people of the same gender be married like she was as against gay marriage is like any, any person on the far right is now. Yeah. You know, and that was, that was in my childhood or early teen. And I said, and now the fact that now that it's okay for kids to become transgender and go through like what Michael did, that's to me is just, it just shows that it's all theatrics and that none of those people really have any real, like, opinions about any of this stuff. It's all about world will sell. You know, like again, did you say this at the Ryman? I said this at the Ryman, and so I had my, I had my management company that I was using then drop me and a bunch of other people without even telling me.


They just emailed my attorney and said they couldn't work with me anymore. Wow. They were that mad about that, which tells you how far off the deep end. But anyway, it's just, well, everything you're saying is just a fact, but you're exactly, you're exactly right with all that. It's just, it's difficult to convey that to people because there's so many emotions involved. But at the end of the day, it's like, I don't see a whole lot of difference in people on the left and the right anymore. I think we're all just like, like you said, we all, we all are trying to just effectively accomplish the same thing, just in, in different ways. And it's really easy to get angry at somebody that's on the same level as you than somebody that you don't even know exists. Which is like what these private equity companies and these people in the background that do all this, like it, the enemy that, so, so what's happened is, is going back to the zebra thing, what I think has happened is like, especially in politics, the reason why Hillary Clinton can be against gay marriage and then for transgender kids in my, in a very short period of my lifetime and, and a whole bunch of other politicians with her, is that they're all just constantly rearranging their stripes.


So all the zebras look just alike because as soon as one of them looks a little bit different, Right. You know, like, that's A great analogy. Like Tulsi Gabbard or whatever, I don't know name. There's plenty, there's plenty of people besides, that's just the first one that comes to mind that's like, you know, trying to be a Democrat and, and upholding most of what the Democratic party would've wanted her to uphold up until very recently. But because she didn't rearrange her stripes, it's like, p you're dead. But there's a whole bunch of more like her too that, that aren't even in politics anymore. But that's, that's the way I see it now is it's like all these people. And so like even with Big Donnie, you know, I wonder like, yeah, big Donnie, I see, I just wonder even, I just don't trust, it's kind of my Alex Jones syndrome, but it's like, no matter how cool somebody seems like that, I think like man does, does him and Hillary really still chill?


Like they're probably smoking a fat joint right now. This laugh, I don't know. Like you just don't really know. You don't really know. You're just, you have to see what you see and you have to take it in and just hope that you have that somehow you have the discernment to know what's true or not, but you really just don't. I mean, even with me, man, so much crazy stuff that gets said and done and I just don't, even when things come out about me that aren't true, I just don't even reply or acknowledge 'em anymore. I just let 'em exist in their own little space and be part of it. And I've just decided that, again, we're just all on the, we're just in this crazy thing where all this stuff happens and it's just, I don't know. You can't, you Can't. The problem is so many people that don't do that and they're, they're not aware of how much influence is being pedaled onto them, how much, how much their mind and their opinion is being affected by this nonsense on social media, by bots and by all these different things.


What you said about the zebras and the stripes is so fucking perfect. One of my favorite clips is Hillary Clinton when she was running, I think it was 2012, it been, when did she fir he first become president 2008, right? Who? Obama? Yeah. It might have been 2008. But she was running and she was more MAGA than Maga. She was talking about the border and about people coming over here. If you wanna stay, you get a stiff fine and if you've done anything illegal, you get exported, no questions asked. And listen to this, gimme this full volume from the beginning. Wait till you hear this.


This is wild. So I think we gotta have tough conditions, tell people to come outta the shadows. If they've committed a crime, deport them, no questions asked, they're gone. If they, if they've been working and are law abiding, we should say, here are the conditions for you staying. You have to pay a stiff fine because you came here illegally. You have to pay back taxes and you have to try to learn English and you have to wait in line If Trump like, You have to wait in line. That's so maga. I mean, But That just proves the point that none of that really means they're sitting in the green room in the back before that speech and there's like some stuff written out and they're just like, oh, I gotta try to remember all this crap.


Like, none of that meant anything. You know, like none of that. I don't think she even believed when she said it back then. In other words, it's all just, Well, she thought it was what the country wanted to hear. That's all it is. It's all focus group shit. It's all what the country wants to hear and what the party agrees upon, what the zebras all agree on. When you just said that, that's it perfectly. And as it morphs, as it gets into trans kids, you gotta support trans people in the military, whatever it is. They just all fucking hop in line. What flag am I putting in my Twitter bar today? And To go back, to go back to what you said at the beginning about those kids that are riding with the, and they don't really even know what they're riding. They got the mask on, but they're doing this and it's like, I guess what I mean is, is there's a bunch of human beings on earth, especially now like in our, in this sort of like American culture and all the other subseries of it, like in, you know, Europe and everywhere.


So Americanized now, but there's all these people who are really angry. It's kind of like why? It's the reason why, you know, there's so many of these videos where they interview like the Antifa dudes and they don't really even know why they're, they're not able to talk. They're not really able to articulate why they're there, what they believe. They're just there 'cause they want to, they're just there to riot, you know? Right. There's this like general anger that I think has that dwells in a lot of us towards the system that we realize is inefficient and ineffective and rigged, but it's just too complex, at least individually and through the means of the internet for us to identify who our enemies really are. And so instead it's like, let's just go do, like, let's just go, let's go catch, catch some shit on fire. 'cause at least it feels like we're doing something right even though, but I think, like, I think there's a lot more in common between the patriotic cosplaying type people who, who want to, who talk all the time about like, you know, that and the people who are like Antifa.


I actually think that they're two of the same cloth. They just both, they both just don't really realize it. But I think, I think like the, there is this really amazing sort of rebellious spirit of the left that just needs to be reintegrated into society with the right, and then it's like, then it becomes unstoppable And it, And it no longer becomes a left and the right thing. But I just don't think, like, I'll give you another great example. Like, like when I was younger, I'd go to these, some of these protests in DC and stuff, and I would always stay at George Washington University with these kids. And we were all in our early twenties probably, and we're all very, like at that point there wasn't any like real political identity to it.


I don't think those people would've called themselves left back then, but you better believe most of them ended up going to all the black block and the Antifa and the Black Lives Matter and every other protest there was just 'cause they wanted to go protest. They just are like, you know, like, it's like fun. It's like, yeah. It's like, it's a thing of of of like rebelling against the system. Doesn't Yeah. Doesn't a part of the machine. It doesn't really matter what part of the system it is or if it really even makes any sense. You just know that that's, yeah. It's like, I think, I think, and that's what I mean is through the means of the internet. I don't think we'll ever be able to organize all those people together in a way that's productive. But I do think in real life we can, I do think, I do think through, I think music is, I think that's why I wanna focus mostly on music and like trying to influence and in a way to where the rich don't control it and the rich don't choose what songs we listen to and what songs make it on the charts like we do.


I think that's the first step. I think actually, I think music is something like, I guarantee you there, if you looked, if there was some way to run, I'm sure there's some report to be ran where you could see how people voted versus what kind of music people listen to. And I guarantee you a lot of people who voted differently listen to the same exact lyrics and resonate with them. Like, what is that? Like? They're, that's all I mean is this, we've just been, we we've just been mass distracted and mis and misled is all like, Well also when you get these kind of organized protests, they're all organized with this one thought in mind. Like there, there, there's unlawful, you know, changes in policies that's shipping our community back to Mexico and we gotta stop this. These are all, you know, oligarchs are involved and this is a dictatorship and they feel like they're fighting against something bad.


And if they're uninformed and who the fuck, who's 21 who informed, you know, most people who are young, especially if you're going to college, you're around a bunch of other like-minded people in an echo chamber and you're all trying to like get social credit by being the most woke and the most activisty and you're the person who's the most involved and you're helping organize and you feel like you get a sense of purpose. And then there's also the thing of being on the ground with a bunch of other people that are moving in a certain direction. That to me it ign, I think it ignites a thing in. I think there's things inside of us that get ignited and one of them is like, here's a, the best way to describe, it's like fishing, you know, when you go fishing, I've seen people catch their first fish.


When that fish gets on the line, they're oh, Oh, You get excited. Everybody gets excited because it's this ancient thing inside of you that lets you know you're now successful, your family's going to eat, you caught a fish And it just like sparks it inside of you. It does it with bow hunting, but very few people are gonna go bow hunting. But the other thing that does it with is war and protests are like war. You're marching, you're all together who's opposing us? Fuck them. Yeah. And everyone's all aggressive and they're all chanting, Rah rah, rah, fuck, ice, fuck ice fuck ice. And you think you're doing the right thing, you think you're doing the right thing, you know, and then you see shit like cops shooting rubber bullets at reporters and you're like, what the fuck?


These people are garbage. Like how are you shooting a reporter? Yeah. That's not what you're supposed to shoot the rubber bullets. Yeah. Well, and I, but I think the, the problem now is that it's so there's, it's too complicated to be able to dissect it and correct it. That like, like with these ice protests though, in other words, there's been such a heavily disputed and mismanaged protocol of our immigration my entire life. So now it's like you can't now just go in and just try to like, that's what's gonna ha people are gonna protest though, and you just all of a sudden go in and try to just like clean house all at once. It's like we've never even really established as a country what it what it is or because like, because most of the people we've listened to the last 20 years will say stuff like that and whatever year that was, 2008 and now say, gosh, can you imagine if somebody said that now that they would be like a, they would be a racist and taken off the internet for saying what Hillary said on there about having to speak English and stuff.


So it's for sure, But there's a big difference between protests and organized protests where you're paying people and then you're leaving bricks around. This is a, it's like, it's a bastardization. It's a, they've, they've taken over the thing this the, the virtue of this thing, like this part of the first amendment your right to express yourself the right for the people to get together and say, Hey, this is not cool. And they've distorted it with money like everything else. Yeah. Do You And they've used it as a political tool. I would think maybe that that's happened a lot though, even in, in the past with like civil rights and everything else. A lot of that was much more organized than it was made. Like I didn't know until just a couple years ago. Like I've, I've learned the story all through school and heard it a million times about Rosa Parks, but I didn't realize until a couple years ago that she was part of some, I don't know, I don't even know what she was part of, but she was part of some organization.


Yeah. And it was like a planned thing. Yeah. Yeah. I just, I I was always taught it like she just spontaneously did it. But I think another, I think there's just, there's every, every like thing in history has this whole backstory to it that we don't really know much about. Right. Most things have been manipulated if they can be manipulated once they realized they can manipulate people, they started and they probably started that a long time ago. I mean we've talked about it a million times. So that's why Smedley Butler wrote, wrote War is a Racket in 1933, you know, major general Smedley Butler, who was they, they tried to get him to overthrow the fucking government with a coup and he wouldn't do it. And then he writes this book about how every single operation he was involved with, he thought they were doing this, but really they were just making it safe for bankers.


They're really just overthrowing a government installing a friendly one. It's like it's been going on since they could, and back then it was way easier to pull off because there was no internet where we could pull up a Hillary Clinton video from Yeah. More than a decade ago. And go look at her, she's a pretty maga you can put a fucking red hat on that lady and she'd be standing on that stage right next to RFK Jr. You know? Yeah. And it's just, it is because there's such an information overload, stuff like that will always be forgotten about too soon too for it to make a difference. Like She could have been Trump's vice vice president back then. Yeah. Like no bullshit. She would've been right. She would've been like queen mom of Trump land.


There would be people with Hillary Clinton flags flying behind their pickup trucks with her with like two fists in the air with a MAGA hat on. And I'm not bullshitting And I, but I remember even back then like, well, you know, the one, the one that's what made me fall in love with comedy was Norm McDonald and like his whole, whole bit about the Clintons and stuff and getting on the view and riling all them up and stuff. But even, you know, back then I remember they were trying to like, can, I guess he got kicked off a Saturday night Live 'cause of that. Right. And all, was it 'cause of the Clinton speci or It might've been because of It was probably 'cause he was too funny. There was something else. Yeah. But there's, I don't know. Yeah. Dog was one of the funniest people of all time. And his weekend update, that thing that he would do was fucking fantastic.


It was fantastic. He was the best ever at it. He was so good. And the jokes were so he, he would go so out there back when you could, you know, and if that's what got him kicked off at Saturday Night Live great. Makes him even more of a legend. Think even more. Yeah. I think that's, I think that's what's important about, I don't, I'm not a fan of all the real crazy vulgar humor sometimes and stuff. Like I, I'm more of a norm type of comedy guy. Like, I like the more goofy stuff that's not like constantly talking about penises and stuff, but like, you know, or whatever, like whatever it is, sex and everything else. But I, it's really important that all that stuff does exist just because of the idea of, I think it's important that there's this place that exists here in Austin that freedom of speech will always be in, even if, you know, it's like, it's such a critical thing, especially now more than ever.


I think it's Critical for everybody, even if you don't agree with it. And that's what's so hard for people to recognize when people don't have a voice and someone has a voice and that voice is different than their opinion. They wanna shut, they wanna shut it down, they wanna silence it. Yeah. And they wanna elevate their voice nature just pure natural. It's natural instincts that human beings have. And you gotta, you gotta resist that because you gotta realize you don't want that used on you. Right. Well then don't use it on other people. Yeah. Well everyone's guilty. Like I went when I was at the A RC where I gave, where we spoke at that thing in London, there was a, a talk we went to I think the next night that was about freedom of speech. And I can't remember the, I can't remember who all was speaking there. It was some people that I should probably remember, but I Yeah, but they, they were talking about, it was, it was, it was a group that was defending people in Europe that were like bidding, being arrested and stuff for things.


They had reposted online and all, which is really important. You know, like they're, they're arresting people for political things that they put online in Europe and like, not even gi giving them very ex obscure reasoning as to why whatever this, in some cases they won't even tell 'em what they're arresting them for. And so like the cause of what these people are doing is very important, but the whole time they're just, they're referring to it as the woke mind virus, which is Yeah, sure funny put in a bid or whatever. But God like no. What it is, is it's like the government using this one specific thing out of a list of things that they could, as part of this moral high ground to arrest people for speaking out against, not because it has nothing to do with anything on the left or the rights, the fact that the state would love for people to not be allowed to criticize anything because then that means they can't criticize them 100%.


But by them saying woke mind virus every five minutes while they're talking about it, it just immediately polarizes half the people who they need to get on board in order to stop it. Which is the left who it is. Like, I don't know, there's just, I don't know. I think I might try to, at one one of these days I might just try to give the old thing a run and see it. But I really think I could, it would be, it would probably end. Are you gonna run for president? It would probably, Anthony, it would probably end in like a nuclear war, but I think we could do, I think it'd be pretty interesting. I think you gonna Run for office If you will. Fuck that. No, I have no, I'm not on the same page. Ver No verman Supreme. Call me up. No, I'm just kidding. I don't think I would, I I might do like a governor run somewhere or something.


Or a mayor. Maybe I'll start with mayor. Maybe that's a good way. That seems Like a terrible job dude. Don't do it. I would say don't do it, but if you have to do it, do it. I mean someone should do it. That's like You, I just remember my whole life, like since I was a kid, people were like, man, what would happen if just we got some regular dude in there and like all this, it's just like, I don't know, you'd Probably get immediately disillusioned. You'd realize the entanglements that exist. And I think it's impossible to navigate. I think once you get in there you're like, holy shit. And when I talk to people that are in this administration now that weren't before that realize like all the paperwork and red tape and bureaucracy and all the different departments, all the people that are controlling these departments and all the fucking resistance you have to any change and all the people that don't wanna give you the information that you're asking for.


And it gets wild and exhausting. And you're dealing with a machine that's been operating pretty much unchecked for decades Now. Let's check 'em out. Yeah, That's Give him the old check. Look What they did to Elon. He tried to check him out. They turned him into, into a Nazi. Yeah. I mean it's like, Well do you think, was there, I'm not well read on any of this. This is like, this is actually something I wanted to ask you about at one point or another anyway was your take on like the Elon Trump situation. But you know, I Apparently they're making up, You think things are cool now? They supposedly they had a long conversation on the phone, The argument, but the argument behind it was that they felt like Trump wasn't letting Elon. See, I don't, I don't know what to think of.


I really don't know what to think of any of that situation or Elon in general. And I just say I just, it really fascinated me that it seemed like they were both using Doge for different reasons maybe, or they had different motivations behind it. But what if, what if it was like a genuine, what if there was genuine audits done on everything and like what if all that stuff did get uncovered and what if somebody wasn't scared to just release all that stuff and the consequences of it. Like people do deserve the truth. Like Well they've released some of it, right? So we know a lot about USAID now. We know what that was. We know what crazy programs are in place. We know through Mike Ben's work where the way he describes USAID as doing things that are too dirty for the CIA, you know, like he describes it being used as for regime change and, but under the name aid it seems like it's just aid, oh, we're helping people.


Yeah. But it's agency for international development is what it really stands for. So there's that, that's been dismantled. The thing is they're, they're not spending less money. They're spending more money. They're spending like a trillion dollars on the, the, on the Pentagon. It's, the whole thing is kind of nuts. 'cause nobody wants to stop spending money. Nobody wants to lose their job. And they're all in a position where they have influence and there's thousands of different points of influence. And if you're the president or the vice president or you know, any of these fucking people, it's a very difficult road. The one of the things that I felt like was the most important was Bobby Kennedy. 'cause Bobby Kennedy getting in there. He was determined to find out what is the root cause of America's massive health crisis that we're all facing.


Like why are we having this, why do we have different toxins that are in our foods that are banned in Europe? Why are we allowing the use of these different things that we know are terrible for the body? You know, why is there not greater scrutiny on these pharmaceutical drug corporations? Why are they not, you know, why are they able to lie and get away with it and prescribe things for people that don't need them and, and not be responsible for the health consequences of these things. And that this needs to be cleaned up. And so that's what he's doing right now. I'm very happy and I hope that he can really make meaningful changes. 'cause it seems like he is, he follow, he fired the 17 people that were the head of the vaccine schedule and he's hired a bunch of new people.


They're all very qualified. And one of 'em being Robert Malone. Robert Malone, the guy that everybody said was a kook that I got in trouble for initially for having on my podcast when they were trying to, you know, like when fucking Neil Young was trying to get me removed from Spotify, this is over Robert Malone. Robert Malone, who owns nine patents on the creation of mRNA vaccine technology, certifiable genius. Like unquestionably they were calling him a kook. This guy's a kook, a guy who took the vaccine and had a horrible reaction. They were calling him a kook. So that guy being a part of this administration, being a part of the, you know, make America healthy again, movement, very important. All that stuff is very important for everybody.


Not Republicans, not Democrats. And if there's any area we where we should be bipartisan on, it's that. And realizing that corporations have taken advantage of loopholes and of a, a bunch of different creepy laws that allowed them to poison you. And you're getting poison and you're addicted to this poison. And there's way out of this. Well he's, he's kinda where I got the inspiration for the call idea from, you know, he, he, no, well he, he and I actually met, he came out to my, he came out to the property where we filmed Richmond and all, and I met him, this was before he got linked up with Trump. He was still running. This was during all that. And he was, he was still running for himself. But we had a long conversation about this concept for a healing center, which is like this thing that he's been kind of like as a part of all this, which is like, which is kind of the, the idea of people going out into nature and like learning how to grow food and learning how to like, 'cause in, in this, in this never ending abyss of chaos where everything's changing so fast and nothing, you know, nature is, nature has been affected by that through like some, you know, through chemicals and technology and other things.


But for the most part it's all the systems in nature, all the organization there and the, all that stuff is so sort of like the last thing that's untouched by man. You know, when you go out on two or 300 acres and you just sit there and you're watching the water go by, it's like, it, it, you just sort of, you take everything that we've talked about, like all this, these are all very complex, like just crazy century thousands, a year long things that he, that mankind have done. But meanwhile, nature just sort of exists and does its thing. And, and it's like, it's, it's sort of a way to compartmentalize all this monstrosity into one little thing and realize that there is other, there is a reality outside of the reality that like modern society has constructed us to exist in 24 7.


That's a hundred percent, 100%. Like, gosh, dude, that's the only thing that saves me is like, especially being a little bit, probably a little bit too introverted for this job position, you know, going out on tour even for a weekend or two, or like, dude, by the time Sunday comes and we get through this and these two mothership shows, we have a, we got West Virginia next weekend, but I'll spend the, this whole week, I probably won't talk to anybody except for like immediate family, you know, I'll just have my, I'll just go sit out in the woods with the dogs and just watch the birds chirp and all that. But it's, that sounds amazing. There's something really important about that that I wanna Fuck. Yeah. I wanna, I wanna understand, like you take, if you can take two or 300 acres, like what can you plant on it that brings in the cer the, the types of nature that benefit human beings the most.


Like I want to conduct studies on like everything from birds to plants to wildlife, to different types. Like how do you put a human being who is so screwed up in the most optimal condition to heal and to fix? Like, 'cause it's obviously not the case. Like you're not gonna go to a mental institution or, and I'm not even suggesting for people who should be in a mental institution. I just mean like, you know, people who, like a guy I know who you mentioned mushrooms and stuff, but there's a guy I know like that's in the Marines who's dealing with PTSD. Like how do you get him into a spot where he can just go out And, you know, like you can't, it's hard to get, it's hard to fix that part of your brain living in a city or living in a suburb and not having act like, so that's, you know, so yeah, it's just like this crazy dream I have where like, it's sort of a, it's a way to rebel against all of this without rebelling.


It's just creating a better way to do it. But imagine if you, like, this is like the pilot program for this thing where it's this sort of outdoor amphitheater and it's like very immersive and in nature. And You can, and you can like re reun unlock these parts of your brain you talked about that are sort of very primitive and to us and then, and then just emulate it over a period of time. Like, so I'm doing these shows where they're, they're they non-profit and the idea is just to go into an area that hasn't had music that's in an A or B ticketing market. Do a show there, build them a blueprint, whether it's on a main street or in a farm field or whatever, but just somewhere where Live Nation and Ticketmaster can't touch it. Build them a blueprint with like ingress, egress promotions, how to sell the show, where to put the stage, how to set everything up, here's all the vendors they use, and then give them this blueprint where they can do it over and over and over again and just build like these sort of sanctuaries that exist all over the country that can't be like molested and preyed upon by all those big companies and all their crap.


And I think inherently by doing that through like music and public speaking and other things, those spaces will almost serve as like, like the way that communities thrive again and the way people reconnect. And I, I joke and say that like I, everyone, every human being likes music and food and socializing at least a little bit. And if you don't, you're probably a robot and we don't, I don't want you there anyway kind of a thing, you know, but like, so that's, that's in, in a nutshell. But that all was inspired by Bobby's sort of idea for this healing center that he talked about. I think it's a place over in Italy that he used as a reference of, he had a relative go to and like they were able to work with like leather and do all the stuff on a vineyard, I think. And it, like, it had a, there's a lot of, you know, we know very little about the human mind.


That's why psychedelics are still illegal. And so, and there's so much misunderstanding and misconception and just confusion even there. 'cause think about, I mean like our brains are just so and infinitely complex even, you know? Yeah. So Nature's definitely a part of your health without nature, I don't think you really get totally healthy. We're A part of nature. Yeah. You know, like we're a, we're a natural thing existing in a world that we've created that isn't natural. And so like, this is all, you know, like this is all, everything that we've talked about is just sort of manmade constructed bullshit that is now, that is now reality to us. But there, but it's just part of a bigger thing too that it's, we sort of get isolated inside of us, especially when we're on our phone all the time. It's like, Yeah. Especially I've laid off social media and it's, it's amazing.


It's like, it lifts this weight off your brain. How do you, how do you manage sociali? This is one thing I really have a hard time with And it makes I feel bad because I end up upsetting people or whatever. But like, how do you, A lot of people want your time and they wanna send you text messages and they wanna bother you with stuff and they want to, and it's not even they wanna bother you, they really gen. But like how do you manage that? Do you just have a small social circle or are you just really social or like, how do you find There's people where I just won't text 'em back for like months and then they, then they think I hate 'em. And it's not that I hate 'em, it's just like, I can't just sit and text. I just can't send hundreds of text every day to like, I have to, like, how do you balance all that? Or how do you, Yeah, you gotta keep changing your phone number, but you also gotta get comfortable with not texting people back because you can't text everybody back.


Yeah. Like, look at my phone, I wanna see something. I'll show you this look and see how many unread text messages I have in the upper left hand corner. What does it say? 623? Yeah. Good luck. How? Yeah. How, how am I gonna read those? I Know. Well I've, it's not possible. I think it goes back to my, when I was at work before and I had to keep up with the phone for work and I had, you know, it was like, it's just instilled in me that like, it just drives me. So I don't know. That's why Yeah, I've, I've bought that flip phone that I carry and there's just times good Move. It's a good move. You, you get your brain back. It's also tough though, because there's people I do wanna stay in contact with, like, you know, like I Yeah, but you can always reach out to them.


Yeah. It's like, you know, we have this idea of immediate interaction with people that it's necessary, it's important and sometimes it is important. Like maybe there's something going on. Maybe your wife is pregnant, like, who knows Right. You need immediate contact, but most of the time you don't. Right. The vast majority of the time you don't, we Lived a long time without it. Yeah. I mean, you don't want to not be there for somebody who needs you in an emergency, but other than that, yeah, it's good to be free. You just, it's better for your brain. I don't, I like I was saying, I don't think we're supposed to be getting the bad news from 8 billion people. It's just too nuts. It's, we're just too, I don't think we're even supposed to socialize with that many. I mean, we, we thrive in smaller, I mean that's why all these Yeah, we, we definitely thrive in smaller.


Yeah. Keep a tight tribe. Yeah, yeah. Keep a tight tribe. Keep a tight tribe of people that are cool and make it so it's beneficial to everybody so there's no resentment. You know, that's one of the things that happens in when a guy gets really famous like you're getting is that someone, You can have the wrong people around you. You know, maybe you like look past some of the resentful behavior that they showed when you weren't successful. And then it manifests itself when you're successful. They look, you could tell like someone around you actually wants you to fuck up. Yeah. And that's a ter I've seen that happen with friends. It's a terrible place to be. There just has to be some kind of way that, I don't have to be famous though. Like there's a way where this is Yeah.


But there's a way where this is like, I'm just like, I don't know. It's gotten a lot better, but you're Just gonna have to deal with it. Like I said, I just, this is the, the path that you've been given in this world. I just mean that, I just mean that like, I should, like, I just don't want fan, I just don't want people to perceive like I'm just some dude that's written a song and we're, but it, this is like a collect, like I said, this is a collective thing. Like the fact, just if you look at the, if you look at the rate of people who buy my songs on iTunes versus most label artists, it's like comically disproportionate. Like people, people buy my songs outta support and stuff. And so what I'm saying is that this is like a thing, like this isn't just, I'm sitting up here and y'all are all down there.


Like this is in my mind, this is just a thing where we're all equal. And it just happens to be this is the music cat. This is the music catalog that we're giving people a middle finger with. But I don't, I wouldn't for a second want to ever think that like, that I'm above somebody else on some social hierarchy because of it or something, I guess. Of course not. I don't wanna feel like I, That's not necessary. This Is just something where like, let, I just, I'm just so excited to see where this can go in the sense of like, like p like I said, it's just exciting that like, like some just full blown idiot like me with a couple of his buddies can figure out how to do this and r and rally enough support up behind it. I'm just like, what could really happen if we, like, what could really happen if things were like, yeah, if I actually knew what I was doing or if like enough of us got together, like we could really just flip, we could just flip everything upside down pretty quick And it'd be hilarious.


Well you don't have to become a different thing just because you're famous. That's a myth. You know, you don't have to become better than people. You don't have to think you're better than people just 'cause you're famous. You can maintain who you are. It's totally doable. Totally. Yeah. It's, Yeah, I do it. I'm just me. I'm the same person you are. Yeah. I've been doing it the same. And I, that's one of the reasons why I do the podcast the exact same way. I do it the same way. I don't think, oh, this is gonna be a big one. Everybody asks. That's the first thing a lot of people ask is how was Joe Rogan? And I was like, he's Joe Rogan. Like there is no So much easier that way. Just be you all day. Yeah. Like if you've watched him on the podcast, you've seen him in real life. He's, you know, it's like you Seen me at my worst and you seen me at my best.


That's it. But you know, I'm a human being just like anybody else. This is why, why I encourage everybody who wants to do something like this to go do it. Anybody can do this. Exactly. It's not, You might not do it this well immediately 'cause you're gonna learn how to do it. But it's like everything, you can learn how to do it. Like you, you can learn how to sing, you can learn how to do standup, You can learn, you can learn how to play guitar. You can learn how to draw. You can learn. Oh, I could never do that. You can, some people can do it better than you. Some people are naturally talented in different areas, you know, especially when it comes to athletics. But you can do it. You can do it. You can get better every and getting better at something and doing something is beneficial to the whole of your life.


Because if You can apply that same, those same principles to everything, you can get better at everything. And you get better at being a person And inspire other people. Like Yeah, like the more, the more good that You can do and the more you can put out, the more it inspires others to do too. You know? Yeah. The more work you put out too, the more songs you put out, like Scoring for Woman, the more stuff that like really resonates with people. It affects people, man. It's like you, it's that Wings of the Butterfly man. You know, you're like, you really, you like spreading it out And you know, and it'll inspire more people to write songs. It'll inspire more people to do things. It'll inspire, it'll inspire people to write books. It's just, that's what we do. We inspire people. People inspire people and people by doing something that we know is difficult and they get through it and they create something like, wow.


And you go to see, you know, fucking U2 at the sphere. Like, wow. Yeah. You know, that's what it's all about, man. You know, that's, that's the beautiful thing that is this kind of artistic connection that you have with the community, with the people that, that enjoy your work. As long as you respect that and as long as you understand what it is, you'll be great. You're just gonna have to deal with being famous. Bitch. You, you know, I, I have to, I have to, you know, like I do. I do think you're actually right. I probably was a little misspoken, or now that you've said what you said about AI being able to replace music and stuff, I do agree that like there is a part of it that AI will never un, they'll never understand the human experience enough to be able to write music about it.


That's that captivates people in a way that music can, that's been written by people. I do agree with that. Yes. Your songs, yeah, they can make it sound better and cooler and catchier. But I do think, like, I do think the people that are really writing it are the ones that, and the ones that really write, I mean like, just to talk about the, the songwriting writing process with Scornful. You know, we were, I had been, we had just gotten done with the touring over the summer for the most part in 2024. And well, obviously things are what they are, but there's just been, there was just a like multiple different negative things happening at once. And I kind of got in a, I got in a spot where I, I did my thing where I sort of spiraled and just was isolating myself.


And so I spent a month and a half or two months in that house pretty much. I didn't do, I didn't do Thanksgiving or Christmas last year. I just, just really didn't hardly talk to anybody or anything. And so I was like at a, you know, I was in a, I was in a position, it was in a position where it was like probably time to write a song like that. And, and there's a few things I do wanna clarify too, talking about all this. But, so anyway, so me draven from radio, WV and Joey are all sitting in the kitchen of this house where we recorded the song, and it's probably in the fall sometime. And Joey is three in the morning. Right. And we, like, we were all just like wired. And I can think about Joey talking about really wanting to write a song.


And so him and d Draven were asking me about my songwriting process and what I do. And so like, I just went and got the guitar and I said, we were sitting there around the table and I can remember it was me and Joey sitting here and d Draven leaning up against the counter. And we were just talking about it. And I said, well, I said, if you're gonna write a song, I was like, the first thing you gotta do is figure out what you're gonna write about. And it's gotta be something that you feel, not something that you can just articulate about. It's gotta be something that's like in there that needs to come out, you know? And so we sat there for like 10 seconds and Scornful Woman was the word that was used, you know, And it was like, it was, it was specific relationships, but also it was a collection of all, like, the experiences that we had all had, like, I think in horrible, we'd all had horrible relationships too in the past. Of course, we all have, you know, like every dude on earth has been, has been through what that song talks about in one way or another.


Can we play it? Let's, let's cue it up. Yeah, let's cue it up. Jamie. Cue it up. But within two or three minutes, the whole song was written. It was just like, it, it just came out, you know? And that's, and AI's not gonna do that. There's something, it's not. There's, there's, there's, there's things that resonate in that song that AI's never gonna be able to understand. Yeah. Yeah. And that's the thing, that's the thing that's gonna separate people from the machine and live performance. That this kinda stuff, stuff, this kind of stuff. Right here. Mercer County, West Virginia.


Well, she got a side to her. I want to run from, she turn a warm afternoon into a cold, cold horn. Well, he grabbed the apple and Adam took a bite. And now all these ears later and the MAs still ain't right with a scar. I used to sleep so good.


Didn't have a night there. I was busy dreaming. Believing is always going to be right there. And now the middle of the day is like the middle of the night. And the court says 50 50. But she can have all the money, they can keep all the fame.


I go back to being broke as a joke. If I could just get a break from the pain.


It is in the description of the video, but there's a, the biggest shout out of all this is to the, there's a firefighter that we, he let us use this footage too. I think it's out of Brazil, but the name of the firefighters in the description. But for the, the GoPro footage, it was really cool. He let us use that in that. Oh, so that's a real fire. Yeah, that's a real firefighting GoPro video that we found. And we reached out to the guy and asked him if we could use it. That's cool. But I just wanted to give him a shout out on here. There we go. Joseph. Joseph, volunteer, Volunteer firefighter for third company. Bomb Low screen dose in Chile. Oh, Chile. Sorry. Yeah. That's awesome. I've been, my mind's been in kind of a blur lately, so I should have remembered that. Right. But that's All right. Yeah, we got it.


That's awesome. Yeah. Fucking song dude. Woo. That song's, that song's a firecracker. I can't wait for you to hear some of the like, let me turn, I'll, I'll turn this on. I'll play like, just like, I'll leak like 20 seconds in one of the other one, like A little, when is it gonna come out? I don't know when the next ones will, I don't even wanna say a date. 'cause I don't know. I'm such a procrast. I wanna say like within a month or so. Like What, what are you doing with it? You changing anything on it? Or are you just not releasing it yet? Just not re I've just got, I just need to get my life together a little Bit. Well just release it right now. Put it out on the show. Just release it right now. Put it out on the show. Send it to Jamie.


I'll play like 30 seconds to, I don't even have like a, I don't even have like a full file of anything on here. I've just got stuff that I've recorded off my phone. But just to give you an idea of like some of the other stuff I'm working on. Like this one, let me see which one of these. They're all just say like, new recording 4 32. So I gotta remember which, like probably this one's probably one, I don't know if this will be right or not, but this will give you an idea of something.


I just got a bunch of little clips like that of where we were practicing the guitar parts. But anyway, I got a few more that are like pretty heavy. I don't know what they are. I don't know. People will figure it out. There's something I don't, I don't even, I don't like to even try to describe any of that stuff 'cause I don't know what it is. But, So are you gonna release it all as a full album or are you gonna just do it like song at a time? Probably just song at a time right now. Just 'cause it's simpler that way. Yeah. And then I'll just, I don't know what I'm gonna, I don't know what the long term plan is. I want to get, I'll get to the end of this tour this year in October. And You don't need a long term plan. Yeah. Just keep doing what you like doing. Yeah. Yeah. I will. Yeah. This all long-term plan shit that's people with vision boards you don't Need.


Yeah, you're right. Yeah, no, you're right. I haven't take, I've just tried to take it. I do have to think long-term though. 'cause I wanna make the most of this just for, I don't know, man. The only thing I want, like, I just wanna look back when I'm old and just think like, just think like, fuck yeah, we did it. Like we did this thing. Well, if you just keep doing what you're doing, you will do that. 100%. Yeah. But I mean, bigger, I just wanna see, like, I just wanna see the, I just want to, I don't know, I just wanna watch the machine crumble, you know? Like I just, I have this like thing inside to have That it's gonna probably crumble on its own. It'll still exist in some form, but you know, as long as you can, I thrive without it, it doesn't matter.


It really doesn't matter. And more people will realize that there's a way to do it that's authentic. There's always gonna be people that are drawn to that. And it'll be more and more people as things get more and more disconnected and feel less and less human. Yeah. There's just, There's more and More driven to, there's been so many big people go up against it and not be able to quite figure it out. Like even Pearl Jam back in the nineties, you know, trying to go up against, I think Live Nation it was, or Ticketmaster. And I don't know, man, I just want to see, that's like the, that would be my biggest ac That would be the biggest thing that I would feel some sense of accomplishment about long time is like, just how do you get all these people together who have been disenfranchised by the music industry and just rally 'em together in a way that like, it's not to take anyone down or to do anything bad at all towards anybody, but it's just to like, imagine what society would be with real music again without a bunch of label propped up shit.


And every stuck in everybody's head. Like, what if people really listened to what they loved and like, and like, it was real, it was like the organic side of things is what drove music through the roof. Like imagine what that would imagine what 'cause think about what music can do to you. Like, not even in the moment, but just what it means to you over time. Like going back and I go back all the time, like, and I listen to like a 1999 live, like a, like a live stain session or something from back then and just, or like old Hank Williams II songs or like, I don't know, stuff I listened to a lot as a kid. And like, man, it'll just unlock all these memories you think about like all of a sudden you're like back in a place that you never even remembered you ever were. It's just, it's such a powerful thing on us, you know?


Excuse Me. So I'm sorry, I just sneeze. Yeah. But that's, Yeah, it's powerful man. It's powerful to do what you're doing. What you're doing is that you're doing that. Yeah. You're, well, I'm not doing nothing. You're in Groove. Shut the fuck up. You are, you are. You're in that groove. You know, just keep doing what you're doing. It's, it's awesome and it's inspiring and more people are gonna do it. And I love that. You wanna help more people do it. That's great. 'cause the, I guarantee you, there are these Charlie Crocketts out there, there's these guys out there that people haven't heard of before, and then you see 'em playing on a street corner one day and you're like, where are you from? Like, how are you doing this? This is crazy. Yeah. You know, there's people like that out there in the world. I remember we went, where was that place that we went to? We saw Ellis Bullard, the white, what is it called?


White Horse. White Horse. Yeah. Yeah. And we were like, look at this fucking guy Here in town, right? Yeah. Nobody there. We went there last time we were here, we were planning on going back. We was actually thinking about trying to swing by there this evening and see great Little Spot that was so much fun last time. Great Little spot. So there's people like that out there, you know, they just have to get an audience. Yeah. You know, and someone has to, you know, give 'em a little boost, reach back, grab their hand, help 'em up. Yeah. That's one of the best things about the comedy community right now is that we all do that for each other. So it's like, there's a real pathway. So there's a lot of people that are moving to Austin from all across the country, you know, that like, hey, I think if I get there, that's a place where you can really launch from. What's Powerful about your platforms here?


Like you and just, and all the other people, like you said, that are in that network? Is that you, this is all stuff that you've built that you have control over. Like these are, that's what's cool about it is it's like this sort of new, it's a whole new business that you've kind of got here. Like in the comedy world, it's not, it's not owned by anybody or anything. It's like, it's wild and free and chaotic And it could go anywhere. And that's what's, that's what's exciting to me is like, dude, like I said, I just don't know. I just don't know what, who knows what'll even come of what you got going on here in, in Austin. But this has, has shaped a lot, like in a, in a world where everything is so, is so predicted.


Like there's less and less people able to sit around in a boardroom, in a skyscraper somewhere and decide what the next big thing's gonna be. It's like, it's more, it's, I don't know, it's just, it's exciting to be a part of that despite all the, there's so many ways that you can, You can look negatively about everything going on, but there is this sort of transfer of power that I just hope can happen in a sh we only have a very short window of time for it to happen in though, you know, pretty soon. We'll, pretty soon we'll all have a Neuralink and we'll be, we'll be talking to each other in And, you know, but we've got a little bit of time maybe before that. Yeah, Maybe. I think we're the last real people. We're the last people that knows what it was like before to understand what's what, like what real life really is.


And it's so hard to even say what that, what that even means. But I just mean that like, even already there's people on YouTube that, that comment on a video that's ai, everyone in its ai, the whole narrative isn't, it'll have like a million and like probably half the people commenting on it are bots too. But I just mean that it's not even like we're gonna be deceived that way. I think at some point it'll almost, somehow, somehow it'll come to a point where we won't really understand what is real life or what is digitally artificially created. And it won't even, it's not that we won't even be able to tell the difference, but we won't even care to tell the difference. The the fake world will feel more real than the real world in a short period of time.


Somehow. Like it'll, it will, it'll influence our, our, our sensory. Like it'll, it'll, it'll influence that more than real life will, like, it'll become just like, everything will just feel, I mean, it already feels that way. That's why we're so drawn into all. But as it all becomes more realistic and more creative and more tailored to, to draw us in, it will be just mass deception. This is Not what's prob it might have already happened. This is what's really terrifying is the simulation theory. The idea that, oh, I would be able to know if it was a simulation. Would you? I don't know, you know, Elon thinks it's a simulation. He thinks the chances of it not being a simulation are in the billions. He thinks that this whole thing is probably our consciousness interacting with a program, which is very bizarre to think.


But if you keep going with what we're doing right now, that is inevitable. If you look at the way technology is recreating things with AI and making things look completely realistic, and then you've, you extrapolate you look into the future 20, 30, 40, 50 years. Yeah. They're gonna be able to give you an experience that's, you're not gonna know. So how do you know if that's already happened? And maybe that's how the world actually works. Maybe this idea of the material world is an illusion and that everything is your consciousness interacting. Well, we're only able to perceive reality through a limited, through limited means. I mean, right. Sight, sound, smell, et cetera. Like there's, there could be components of reality here that we're not able to see.


I mean, and that's where like, I definitely lean into recognizing that there is this whole, like, I do believe there is this whole spiritual element at play too. And I see, Yeah, it's just, it's hard to, it's just no, there's no way to tell. But this, it's kinda like, it's funny though because the same mentality that you could use to think about the world being a simulation, you could also think about it being, I mean, it's so organized and so perfect that yeah, I agree that it's operating on some program. I just think that, that that program is being mandated and created by, by what is represented in my mind as God or, you know, Jesus Christ. Other people may just be considered like a, like a software or a program, but it is all the same thing. Obviously there is some, like life is a thing that we don't quite understand that, that finds itself in the, in the midst of so many different parts of reality like life, like just in the soil, there's so many different millions of bacteria that just make it possible for stuff to even be able to grow.


And all those things are arguably intelligent and have these organized systems and then you see the way birds fly in the sky. And just the way that, like, the way that even we have these sort of inherent parts programmed into us. It's just, it's, there's really no way to tell. But what's so funny is that in just a short period of time, we'll all be forgotten about anyway. And we'll never really know. And maybe even this, even this technology that has existed has existed before and we'll go away again. It's just no way to really tell. I think at the end of the day, like to your point, I think humanity and the truth within it is what is all that really exists and everything else just sort of swirls about and, and we're always wanting to expand upon what already exists. You know, we're not creatures that like repetition or we like to just always figure out what the next big thing is, even if it is our demise, you know, it's weird.


We're sort of, even if it is our demise, we're sort of chasing to build these, to build our replacement somehow. I don't know. Oh, that's a fact. Yeah, we're definitely doing that. No question at all. We've already replaced our memory with your contact list. I mean, how many numbers do I know? Like three people's phone numbers. I used to know everyone's phone number. I used to be able to rattle off all my friends' phone numbers. I used to be able to call 'em from a payphone. That was how I got ahold of people back in the day. Yeah. Now I don't remember anything. I remember my high school phone number that I had when I was a kid. I don't remember my best friend's phone Number. I can remember my best friend's phone number from high school. He still has it. And I'll still text him now and then and see. Yeah. But I can, That's Great. But it's crazy that you look, Your contact list has replaced your memory.


It has. Yeah. Yeah. And then, you know, anytime you have a question, you just press that button on your phone. Hey, You know, what year was this? You know, what year was Gettysburg? Yeah. What year? You know, and you can find anything instantaneously. And that's good. But it's also weird because now you're dependent upon that thing and you're connected to that thing. That thing is just gonna get more and more a part of your life. Whereas you said before, you can't even leave your house without your phone. You feel weird. Yeah. But that all those resources right now are used because there is no like real protocol or way for us to be necessarily productive with it. Like, like in a broader spectrum that a lot of people just use all those tools and resources as just endless entertainment and mind numbing distraction.


But really all that stuff is, makes us super powerful if we're able to harness it correctly. Like I said, like, like just imagine the, imagine the, the information and the data and the resources that we have access to that people like kings and dictators and emperors. Yeah. And the, the most powerful people in the world could have never dreamed like we have it just right here for free. Yeah. On our phone. Like, Well, I think we don't realize how informed we are in comparison to people in the past. People in the past were extremely naive about the way things work. Just that has just been something that we have just accepted as being normal in the last 20 years. But it's not normal. It's not normal to know this much about congressional insider trading. You know, like how do we all know about that now? And how, how do we all know that it's been going on forever?


Nobody did anything about it. You know, there's a lot of things that we know now that make the people, the powers that be very creeped out. You know, including things like podcasts. They don't like it at all. That there's no one that no corporate entity pulling the strings behind the scenes. It's just people and that some person, like a Theo Vaughn or whoever can have whoever they want on anytime they want and Say whatever they want. Yeah. And that person might say some wild shit that has the internet scrambling. Is this true? And then they have to google it. They don't like that at all. They don't like that this affects elections that people realize like, hey, you're being lied to. Hey, the, the FBI contacted Facebook and was telling them to remove factual information because it might affect the election.


Like, this is crazy. They're like, the stuff that we know now that a lot of people know now was the stuff of conspiracy fantasy when I was 20 years old. But what does it really, what does it mean to us though? Because yeah, we know all that about Facebook, but we all still use Facebook. Like, like it's, I think that now our, our ability to communicate has become so contingent upon these platforms that we know they're no good for us. We know they harvest our data and they all the terrible things that are associated with them. But we still was like, where else, where else but Facebook marketplace, can you find all these sweet, you know, I mean that's like, You don't have to get totally influenced by it though.


The more you're aware they're influencing you, the less effect it has on you. You know, the more you're aware of the magic trick, you're like, oh, that rabbit's up it sleeve. There's just a connectivity that we can't find elsewhere. So there's this void that we have to, like, we have to use it to fill the void, I guess is what I mean. You don't, there, you don't have to maybe through, like, that's why I really want to try doing, I've had two or three people really pushing me heavy to try to do juujitsu. But that's something where like, it's the, it's like the community and the relationships you get out of it, that's just important. Maybe then the practice of it itself, like the, I don't know, that's the way it's been. Like maybe in those sort of circles you do get that, but you just don't get it in a broad, you know, there's not a lot of broad ways to get it now. But Jiujitsu is definitely a way to do it. It's also a way where you get out all of your aggression in a very healthy way, in a cooperative way.


You're doing it with other people that are your friends. And the beautiful thing about Juujitsu sparring as opposed to like when I was kickboxing, like you kind of resented your sparring partner because they're fucking you up. You know, they're, they're rocking you. Whereas in Juujitsu, even if someone taps you a lot, you, you're still their friend. You know, you realize like, oh, you got, and they'll tell you, you can't, you can't do that with the right arm. The right arm has to stay tied to your chest because otherwise it, once it's exposed, what I'm trying to do is get you to do that. So I can go to the other side and they're like, oh, okay, well let's try it again. I'll show, I'll show a guy. And when you do that with people you are, you're helping your friend beat you next time. But that's the way to get better. Yeah. Like, you know, Eddie Bravo taught me that a long time ago. He goes, the more you teach people to catch you and the stuff that you do, the more people you'll, you'll be able to get it in people that even know it's coming, you'll be able, it will sharpen that technique up even more.


If you can get people that know what you're doing and you tell them what you're doing and you can still do it. Like s and Gracie used to tell people, I'm gonna get you in an arm bar in your right arm. You're like the fuck you are. And he would still get it. But he was so much better than everybody that he would do that on purpose. And there's a, a beautiful thing about learning something that's very difficult that prepares you for life. Also, the other beautiful thing about Juujitsu in terms of your mental health is that it's so difficult to do that. It makes regular life easy and regular conflict seems to be silly. Like sometimes people get like super nervous if two people are just yelling at each other and you think a fight may break up if you're like so used to strangling people that's like totally normal.


Like, oh, you guys gotta fight. Like you see that in this, you see that in some of the videos that go around where somebody will get like broken into like their, and the, it's like the security footage. Like, I'm trying to think. There was one that went around recently, like some guy was trying to break into a UFC fighter's truck and he went out there and just like kicked his as the guy Justin gci. I think that was a, yeah, He tried to carjack Justin Gaje and he beat the fuck out of him. Yeah. The guy guy did that with John Jones. John Jones ran out with a shotgun and a fucking Belgian malis. Like that's the wrong dude to break into his house. He's ready. And Sean Strickland, that was another one. Sean ran outside His, that's who I was thinking of the a Yeah, I was thinking of that one. I think, yeah, There's, there's a lot of the, you could fuck with the wrong dude. And that happens there. There's, there's a lot of those wrong dudes out there now.


There's so many people that are training in martial arts now. You never know. Like if you're picking a fight with someone and you don't know how to fight, you are rolling the dice. Those dudes are a lot scarier in real life than on TV too. Like I, oh hell yeah. I finally got to meet, I met, I've met Brock Lesner a couple times now. I've just ran into him randomly and just like the size of his hands, you're just like, God, like what? Like where did this guy come? He's just like a machine. You know? He's a Viking. Yeah, that's 100% Viking. DNA 100%. But I don't know the ex, there's no exercise I'm aware of that like makes your fist twice the size of a normal man. Genetics. Just like genetic. Yeah. He's just like made, Can you see his daughter? Yeah. Yeah. His daughter's a shot put champion. Like, geez, she's a tank. Yeah. Yeah. That's just pure Viking genetics, man.


Those are the people at the front of the boat with the big battleax. When you saw that boat pull up to your village, you know, you better start running to those mountains. Sudden. God, I can't, I just can't imagine having to get in the ring with a guy like that and like, no, you gotta, you're just like, God, like good luck. I know. You know, imagine that the guys beat him too. Yeah. That's just even crazier. Guys beat his ass, you know, Alair over him, beat his ass. Came Velazquez beat his ass. There's guys better than him, which is really Crazy. There's always a bigger fish. Yeah. Yeah. And Kane wasn't even bigger. Kane was a bad motherfucker. He was like two 40. He was like 25 pounds lighter than Brock and he still beat his ass. Who in, who in fighting right now is exciting? You like coming up into it? Oh, like here's A, oh, there's so many guys.


There's so many man. Did you watch Ma RABs last fight last weekend? I did Bar wa William and Sean O'Malley. Deca is insane. He's insane. His cardio is like something to that. Everyone who has been involved in the sport for as long as I have is blown away by it. The guy's a freak. Daniel Cormier went to visit him after he won the title. He, he won the title Saturday night, the sphere in Vegas Beach on O'Malley dominant five round decision just steamrolled him. The next day Daniel Cormier goes to visit him. He's out running. Yeah. I mean he doesn't stop. Yeah. Doesn't stop. Just this guy from Georgia, from this, you know, war torn country who is just embraces that fucking grind at a level that nobody else can compete with.


And when he gets in the ring, like no one can match his cardio. No one can match his pace. He melts the greatest of the greats. You see guys like Umar, er, Gopuff, who's elite, he's world class like at any other time he would be a world champion. And RABs just overwhelming him. You see him just getting overwhelmed by the pace and Rab doesn't even get tired. He's a freak. So he's trained, he's probably trained in Georgia most of his life then. Do you think that gives him an advantage? Like he's been, he's trained in like sort hit maybe his fighting style? Or is it just like, is he doing the same type of fighting but just better you think? Or is it just that they can't read? Well, you can Read, well You can see the evolution of his, his technique. So a lot of it is in America. So it's just his mindset and his his drive.


And I think some of it, you know, Zahabi did a whole video about him saying he needs to be studied in a lab Zahabi who runs Tristar in Montreal. It's like one of the greatest gyms of all time. And he's one of the best minds ever in the history of MMA. And he's blown away by this guy. He's like, there's guys that are on EPO, which is like, you know, that's the cyclist take that makes you have more blood cells And it makes you have more cardio, but it's, you can have a fucking stroke. It's like super dangerous to take. But that's like a lot of the like Tour de France guys get busted for that kind of shit. Some fighters get busted. He's like, guys that I know that have been on EPO don't have that kind of cardio. This is crazy cardio. This is like something freakish. And he's like, he, he thinks some of it's genetic, but Moab says it's not.


Miab says, no, he used to get tired. I used to get tired. But he's just, I mean, he's a freak. He's a freak. And he, he just keeps getting better with his technique. He gets better with everything. His, that drive is not just for his cardio. That drive is for his whole skillset. So he's a fucking monster. And then Ia por, who's fighting Charles Olivera at the end of the month, like that guy is insane. That guy's knocked out two of the greatest featherweights of all time. Vol Kovski and Max Holloway. Nobody knocked those guys out in featherweight before. And he did it and he did it and he made it look easy. You know, he made it look like they, they're like, he's just on another level from everybody. Mm. You know? And then now he's moving up to 155 pounds. He's like decided he cleared out that division and he's moving up like he's, it's insane.


Yeah, insane. There's guys like that that are just so, they're just, their, their level is above everybody else's level. And with ia it's everything. It's his submissions, his kicks, his punches, everything he does, he can do anything. I mean, he does everything perfect. All his technique is perfect. And he's fucking driven and ultra confident. You know, this is an amazing time for the sport, man. It's a, it's a crazy time because these guys that are coming in look like one fight in the UFC. They look like world class contenders, like right away. Yeah. Well it's cool because it seems like it's, it's like a really, it's a really good way to get like obscure people into the spotlight. Like, it doesn't seem, it seems like if you can just go in there and fight good that you, you, it's like you can really work your way up to the top pretty quick.


I guess. Like, I guess it take, it does take some fights, but like if you're, even if you're like the guys that are in the top at the UFC now, how many fights do you think it takes them before they rec? Like how many big wins? Is it really just a win or two? I guess if they're big enough and they're like, It really depends entirely on their skillset and who they're fighting and how good they are when they get into the organization. Like, the best example of a quick rise to the top is Alex Pereira. Mm. But Alex Pereira is one of the greatest kickboxers of all time. And Alex Pereira went, he entered into the UFC, like a lot of people were completely unaware of him and me as a, a giant kickboxing fan, he was the guy that I was like, when this motherfucker comes over here, bodies are gonna drop, man.


I'm telling you, you ain't never seen nothing. Like, and I remember Daniel Cormier saying to me like, really? I'm like, dude, I'm telling you, I was pointing to him on his, in his debut. I go, that's the motherfucker, that's the boogieman of boogieman. I go, he Knox people into orbit. And I was showing him some videos of kickboxing fights and he was like, holy shit. I go, dude, everybody he touches, he's got the touch of death. And then we start steamrolling people in the USC and he knocked out Strickland in one round. And the, the, the opening fight that he had when he hit that dude with a flying knee and just sent him into orbit and everybody's like, whoa. I'm like, yeah, dude, this guy is scary. So that guy was within three years, was a two division world champion, which is just nuts.


Like nobody's done that before. And, you know, defended the light heavyweight title multiple times in just a few years. And he's only really been fighting MMA for like five or six Years. That's the excitement I think of MMA over other athletics. Maybe it's just the unpredictability of it that like anybody can just come in and catch everybody off guard and you just don't ever know. It's just, Yeah, well it's specialists. See, the thing about specialists is if you're a specialist kickboxer, what you really need is someone to teach you how to fight on the ground. Like, and he had Glover Ra, who was also a former UFC light heavyweight champion, one of the greatest and an amazing technician. And Glover helped him along with all those other training partners, avoid the take downs, learn how to fight off, learn how to fight on the ground, learn how to get back up to your feet.


When you got a guy who's the best of the best kickboxers, every fight starts standing up. So while you're standing there with him, it's just, you gotta get that guy to the ground. You gotta get that guy to the ground. This is terrifying. Yeah. And he, he'll fight with broken toes. He fought, he's fought so fucked up before he fought when, when he fought Yuri Prohaska the first time, he had a completely blown out knee. Like his knee wouldn't support him. He knocked Yuri Prohaska out with a left hook and then he got his knee fixed, came back, fought him again, and iced him in the second round. And he's just different man. He fought this last fight with a broken hand and he had a norovirus Oh my God. And still lost a close decision in the fifth round Maybe.


It almost, yeah, it almost helped. Like almost helps him like that. Nah, It doesn't, it definitely doesn't. You could tell his energy was lower in that last fight than it has been in the past. Like the Khalil Roundtree fight was a fucking masterclass and Khalil was like one of the best strikers in the light heavyweight division. And Alex just pieced him apart. I think about what happens to, what happens after their careers are finished. Like what do they, where do they direct all of that energy too? Or does it, or does it, is it difficult when you're, does it, does it, it's difficult when you're a high level fighter and then you get out of it like, oh, it's So difficult. Your whole identity is wrapped up in it. You know, I just messaged Sean Strickland the other day because I saw that he was talking about his investments and that he's, he's, he got, he's got 4 million in investments and he's doing really well.


Okay. And then, you know, he's got a plan. Like Sean is very intelligent. He's wild and crazy. He says crazy shit. But very intelligent. And I was very happy. I imagine, I mean, that makes me feel so good that you've, like, you're really thinking about like having money in the bank, retirement investments. So you're good. You're good forever. And he'll always be able to do seminars and, and things along those lines. People, it's very valuable to be like a former champion. You can visit gyms and people will line up and pay 50 bucks and you can teach 'em things that'll genuinely help their careers so that a lot of guys have a, a thing to, like Misha Tate, she was just in Austin recently, and she, she went to ways to, well to get some work done on her knee. And she was out here doing seminars.


So she's traveling their family around the country and they'll go and she'll teach a seminar at a gym and then they'll go, you know, on a RV trip, you know, fight nice family time. Yeah, yeah. Have a good time in between. But they can make a lucrative living doing that, which is really nice, you know? Yeah. But it's, it's hard for them. The identity thing's very Hard. Well, I just wonder too, like the, it seems like some of those people are, well, you know, this is totally different than MMA fighters, but I look at like, like a great example is like, like that David Goggins type of thing where they're like just at it, like you said, dude, man, like you fight and the next day you're able to go run. It's just like what happens when all that slows down? Do you redirect that somewhere? Do you think it's difficult? Like if you don't have somewhere to dis you know, you found this really effective way to displace all of this.


'cause obviously those people have got something in them that like drives their spirit to be able to do That. And Well, I think George St. Pierre has the healthiest model because George still trains almost every day. Yeah. And George still comes to Austin to train with the doners and Gordon Ryan and all, all these elite juujitsu guys. And he'll still go to Thailand and train Muay Hai. He's a genuine martial artist, Still murder. And maybe he stopped before he destroyed himself too much too. Like he definitely did. He definitely did. He's in good. He definitely did. Do you think those guys will ever come back like, like a, I know there was rumors about do you think they would ever, do you think for them that it would be beneficial for them to come back and fight once they've been out of it for so long? No. Like, like the Tyson fight and stuff was that, that seemed like, and I don't even know that's a whole nother can of worms.


And I don't, I'm not articulate enough in this space to like give my opinions on things, but I just, I would've liked to seen Mike Tyson just, I don't know, it just seemed like that just wasn't, it didn't seem like he enjoyed that coming back. And I Bet he enjoyed the 20 million bucks he Did. I bet. Yeah. I think that's why he did it. I think he did it for money and I'm happy that he could do it for money. I'm happy that he could make a large amount of money doing something like that. That's all I'll say about that. Yeah. But you're not supposed to be getting hit really hard in the head when you're 57 or 58 years old. It's probably not the best thing for your, your health. Yeah. And at a certain point in time, like I kind of stopped kickboxing for the most part when I was like 30. I was like, this is just not good for you.


You know, I, I was still sparring and I was, I was acting at the time, so I was doing news radio and I was still going to the gym and kickboxing And, you know, sometimes I'd have like a little black eye that I'd have to get touched up with makeup and shit before I go out to the like, and yeah, I kept doing juujitsu, but juujitsu, I would get black eyes in Juujitsu sometimes too, but juujitsu didn't, I didn't get my head rattled the same way. Like, you, you still accidentally catch a knee sometimes and or you headbutt each other. Sometimes something elbow stuff happens, but it's not like the constant jabs to the face and kicks to the body and you just get, you're, you're beating your brain up, you know? And it's just not good for you at a certain point in time.


Like if you're an athlete and you're competing professionally, you manage it, you do your best to recover and take care of your health. But there's a, there's a price you pay. And I don't think you should pay that price if you don't have to. You know, and that's what, that's the thing about sparring. That's like, especially if you're sparring with someone who's like a hard hitter and they, they're not that good at pulling punches and then it gets competitive and next thing you know, you're, you're basically fighting full On fighting somebody. Happens all the time. Happens all the time. It happens in a lot of gyms. It happens more often than not. You're actually fighting rather than sparring and just lucky you're not knocking each other unconscious every day. You know, because it's like you're skilled. But there's, there's something to be said for that if you're fighting, because like, you gotta be aware that there's real consequences to these shots.


And if someone's pity patting you and sparring, maybe you'll develop a false sense of security. You know, and someone will crack you. You gotta be on the edge all the time. Like for us, a hobby who I was talking about earlier, would pay sparring partners to try to knock George St. Pierre out. He would pay them, I want you to try and knock him out. Like, for real. 'cause he wanted George to be like really prepared. You know, you're going in there and you, you know, you're gonna fight some fucking killer. You know, you, you can't be kind of half you're, you know, you're, you're fighting Carlos Con, he's gonna try to take your head off. You gotta be training with guys that are trying to take your head off, you know, When they're in the middle of those fights, is it a lot of muscle memory or are they consciously thinking like, I feel like a lot of it, it's, they've trained so much that it's more automatic, right?


When they get in that fight, like, like, like, like the way you see these slow, these slow motion replays of fights and they're able to like almost predict their opponent's move and like react in real time with it and like just use it to their advantage. That's all sort of almost, it's not involuntary, but they've like trained their muscle memory to react that way, I guess more so than them at the elite level. Yeah. Level. Yeah. More so than them having to like think like, oh, here it comes, I'm gonna, you know, it's just so incredible to watch it, like the way it's, sometimes those fights are so good, they almost like, it's almost like choreographed. It's so good the way they're able to like, use their opponent's movements and to their own advantage and stuff. That's what's so in so crazy to me, watching the, just watching how like a human being can get to that level to where oh yeah, they're so good.


You Know, when someone's at the elite level, like the highest of high levels, it's an amazing thing to watch. Like there's a guy who's defending his Flyway title at the end of June, Alexandre Pantoja. He's one of the best fighters of all time. I mean, he's so fucking good, but he's 125 pounds. So people, you know, they don't appreciate him as much as if that guy was one 70, he'd be a fucking superstar. He's so good. He's so good. Everywhere. Elite black belt on the ground, nasty striking, hyper aggressive, just dominant just comes in. He has this look in his eyes like, I am here to fuck you up. And it's awesome to watch. I mean, he, he's like, when a guy reaches the pinnacle of his career, like when he's at the height of his powers, when he's at the peak of his, his performance and career and as a elite MMA fighter, it's something to behold, man.


It really is. Yeah. When you watch a guy just piece a guy up and take him apart, you're like, God damn, you know, I just, I'd never get bored with it. Never, never get bored calling the fights never get bored. Like when, when I know it's a UFC night, I'm like, oh baby, Here we go. It still get, it still gets you excited just like it did at the beginning. Yeah. And, and Daniel Cormier, who was a two division world champion who's sitting next to me, he gets fired up. I mean, he's like grabbing my shoulders. Oh man, we Here we go, Here we go. We get so fired up and it's, you know, as far as excitement generated, I think it's the most exciting thing in the world. I don't think there's anything like two people trying to figure each other out. Yeah. You know, I mean, and then when someone's in that flow state, it's amazing thing to watch.


It's beautiful when they really hit that flow state and they just, everything is just perfect. It's like, oh man, that's so hard to get there. It's like an art form that you really can only truly appreciate if you understand the amount of effort that it took to get to that point. If you could do a little bit of it, You can do it somewhat. You know, you have to be able to do some martial arts to really appreciate what they're doing. You know, you can see someone kick somebody in the head like, wow, that's crazy. But to really know how hard it is to pull off what he did, it's just like, ugh, dang. It's easy, it's easy to watch world star hip hop where they're just like sucker punching each other. But to watch a guy exhibit that kind of skill on somebody else, knowing that, like, and not even knowing, like I said, just meeting like the, the few UFC fighters that I've met and stuff, just looking at 'em and being like, gosh, dude, like these dudes are just animals.


You know? Yeah. Like the start. And then to watch somebody else be able to exhibit that kind of, just to kind of like unleash that kind of skill on 'em is just, you're right. It's, it's such a raw, it unlocks such a, it unlocks that sort of monkey part of our brain that's just like, yeah. You know? Oh, its so, it's in your DNA man. It's hard to, yeah. It's just such a, such a human thing, I guess. But Yeah, like when people are really into cricket and someone scores in cricket, they get excited. I don't give a fuck. But if somebody kicks somebody in the head, everybody knows what happened. Everybody understands It. Well, that's, that's the, I think that that's the same psychology behind chicken fighting, which is surprisingly prevalent, like where we recorded this song and all that still, but like with the, it's kind of the same like that, that's just, that's what they do up there.


They don't hit each other. They just get chickens and do it and They gamble. That's the big thing is gambling on chicken fights. You know, It's a big, it's big deal. Champion brewers. Oh yeah, man. It's a big deal up there. Yeah. I was just telling a story the other day about this guy that was my landscaper, that, that took me to this Mexican neighborhood that he lived in. And his buddy had all these chickens, like in cages, like all over the place. Yeah. He had these roosters and they had a big pit where they would roast goats and they would just get the chickens out, put 'em in the box and gamble. And it was like, I, I was explaining like, you wanna talk about like integrated societies. This was a completely Mexican neighborhood in la Like none of the signs are in English. Everything is in Spanish. Everybody spoke Spanish. Wow. You go down the street, you hear there's fucking roosters everywhere, man.


But it's like, that's, that's a part of their culture. It's cruel and awful, but so is chicken farming, you know? Yeah. They'd make soup outta the chickens after they have 'em fight each other. It's kind of fucked up. But it's the, it's that same sort of like, it's the same, it goes back to like the coliseum. It's that same kind of thing. Like, it's that part of our brain that like, everybody's got some chase to get there. But yeah, I've always wondered that with the fighters. I've, I'm The worst is dog fighting. Yeah. That's the one I, you know, that one makes my stomach turn right. That one bothers me because they like fighting. They really do. Pit bulls love it. They're, they're fighting. They're fighting each other in the face and wagging their tails. They really enjoy it. But it's like, don't do that.


Don't do that. You're just like, we don't want that. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Maybe it's, when it's something you eat, you don't feel so bad about it. Yeah. But when it's a dog, it's like, I just love dogs way too much. Man, that, that to me, you know? And I know the dog wants to do it, which is even more fucked up, you know? They want to fight, but they're bred for it. That's what's so crazy. People are so psycho. They bred a dog that wants to fight all the time and will fight anything. They'll fight bulls. They used to use them to grab bulls. Yeah. Yeah. Nutty dogs, Man. Well, you know, where I was at in Virginia, we had, I, yeah, I was, I don't know if I'd say we were officially dating or not. I kind of was hoping we were, but I was, there was this girl I used to talk to a lot in middle school and they, you know, they weren't, they didn't live too far away from Michael Vick's place when all that went down.


Oh, wow. So she actually had some puppies that were originally, they never fought, they were still puppies when he got busted, but they were some of Vick's dogs that she had. So I remember as a kid, and that was like, yeah, that I remember when all that went down, I didn't live, you know, we weren't relatively that far away from where all that happened, But That was a real eyeopening experience for a lot of people. They're like, wait, like what that guy's doing that, that's crazy. That's crazy. But I'm the same way. I, I have, I have dogs and humans are like, at the same level of importance to me almost. You know? Like, I finally repla. I didn't, it's not a, not in any way to say replace, but just like for me, I've always, I'm used to having three or four dogs around. 'cause once you train a, if you train a couple dogs real good and you get a couple more, nine times outta 10, they'll just learn everything from, you kind of get this PAC mentality.


And so I've had four for forever. And then I had gotten down to two when I lost Hooch, the White Shepherd. So I finally just got this black German shepherd off this lady who was real, really nice lady. And it wasn't, she didn't necessarily neglect the dog, but the dog was just a breeder's dog. So all she did was just have puppies with it. And so, like, here I am, I'm taking this 5-year-old black German shepherd down, like to go swimming in the creek with us and stuff. And like, it was like her first time stepping on a stick, you know, she stepped on a stick and like jumped completely in the air. Like she didn't know what it was. You know? Now within two weeks now, she's like swimming in the creek with them, them and running all around. And she acts like she's a farm dog. But like, this dog had just kind of been in this lady's front yard for years, I guess. And just didn't, hadn't even gotten to. But to me it's like, here I am.


I'm like, RA it's like, you know, they're like, they're my children. You know? They just, yeah. I don't, I can't, I can't separate a dog in a human and level of, you know, it's like that, like you're ju like, it's like that, that theoretical scenario where the train's coming and you gotta figure out which way to switch the tracks. And it's like elderly people or dogs and you're like, I don't know. And I'm, yeah, But I'm with you. I love, I'm a, yeah, I just love, I love dogs. I like people more than dogs, but I love dogs. Yeah. But yeah, people are more important to me. But it's close. It's close. There's some people that I would kill for my dog. Hey, while I'm here I'm gonna go pick up Poppy or whatever's I gotta, I wish I would've, I wish I would've saved him on there. I think his name was Poppy or Buddy or something.


But that little chihuahua at the Humane Society, gotta go pick Him. You gonna take him in? I might. I don't know. He's really goofy. Why not? Man, take him in. He's Like 12 years old or something. So he just needs somewhere to go, you know? Well, you'll give him the last few years of his life be awesome. Oh, and then you'll be telling all the other people Oliver Anthony came and got me. Yeah. They're a rich man from Richmond guy. What a sweetheart. Yeah. Hey, he likes me more than people. Yeah. Yeah. This is exciting. I, I the mothership and just being able to go in there and do music and stuff is gonna be nuts. And I've got a few, like I brought, I got a friend of mine named Craig, who's like one of my buddies growing up who does just like amateur state. But he's a really funny guy. So I got him doing a little bit in, I've got cock 45 son, John, who, he does comedy in Chicago right now.


He's gonna do a little standup thing there and just, it'll just be fun. I'm just nice. It'll be real cool. I got the guys that opened for me, the Davison Brothers, they're gonna do a couple songs. They're real, they're really good. And just, I don't know, I've been, this has been like, through all the stress and chaos of the last however many months of things going on and stuff being rearranged and all this has been like my beacon that I've held onto of like, we just gotta get to the mothership. And then That's awesome, man. Everything will work out, you know? And Well, we've been really looking forward to having you, everyone and the staff, all the comics are real pumped. Everybody's excited. I just couldn't believe the reception I got. Like even when I came with Tom that first time, just how everybody sort of took me in. Like, like, I don't know. I'm just sort of the, well also a lot of people don't even know who I am.


'cause all they've seen of me is like, just the internet stuff and all the political stuff. And so it was really surprising the first time, even when we went to that mothership, how, I don't know, just everybody there just was like very respectful and like, And it just kind of like, welcome me with open arms. I kind of, I thought I was going in there like really like, kind of an outsider. And it was way more receptive than I've ever been in Nashville, you know, like with music people. Oh, that's, oh, that's cool. Yeah. That's awesome. I don't know, like William Montgomery and all those guys are just so, so nice and so just like, you know, you know, they're funny and they can make you laugh up on stage, but even in person, they're all just like really good people. Like, they're all just really genuinely good people, you know?


Just, Yeah, we've got a great tribe. Yeah, it's a great tribe. And the, the, the whole mentality of the club is like that. Like everybody that's there is cool. You know, we've really, I think in comedy comedy's still, there's a lot of struggle in comedy for people to make it. I think even more so than in music like that. Some of those people are telling me stories about like, how tough it is to go out, you know, trying to make a co make, trying to make a career outta comedy. Like I guess unless you get a big Netflix special or you get a big break, like it's paycheck to paycheck for a long time. Maybe for some of those guys, like, until they get, or until they get to where they're like a, a regular, at a big club like that, you're just, you're just off, you know, you're out, you're out Putting yourself into a very vulnerable position a lot where people can just say, ah, screw that guy.


You know, it's just, but you Have to do that to get good at it Too. But I think, I think they have some appreciation for it that maybe other people don't. Like, they're like, it, like I think that's, I I pick up on that. Like, they get this, they get that everybody in there is struggling trying to make it and have put a lot of their heart and effort into it. And it just seems like it's, there's a lot of respect in there for each, for everybody and stuff. Yeah. A hundred percent. Everybody realizes that there's only one way to do it. You gotta work hard for a long time. That's the only way. It's one of the few things in life that there's no shortcut to, to developing material and getting good at standup. It's a 10 year process. You, it's a 10 year degree. You want to actually become a real standup. It's probably about 10 years, 10 years of grinding.


And for a lot of people are like, oh, that's too long. It is too long. Yeah. That's why most people don't do it. Yeah. But if you could do it, the people that are doing it and have been doing it for like 10 plus years, like all those people hanging out in the green room, they're all so cool. It's a lot like juujitsu in that regard. It's like people that appreciate the difficulty of something and are really obsessed with getting better at it, you know? And obsessed with helping other people get better at it too. 'cause also like Juujitsu, the more people that you have around you that are really funny, the funnier you'll get, everybody has to be sharp. 'cause the whole show, like sometimes I'll do these Joe Rogan and Friends show, and it's fucking as Ahad, Brian Simpson, Tony Hinchcliffe, Shane Gillis, Mark Norman. And then I go up like, it's like the show's an hour and a half old before I even get on stage.


Yeah. So it's like, you have to stay sharp. You have to, and if you're not, you gotta pick up the slack. You gotta figure it out. Get back to the laptop, let's go. You gotta rewrite. Do this, do that. But that's what we're all doing. You know, we're all, it's a, it's a vibrant place that there's the, there's a mindset attached to that place. It's very positive. Yeah. That makes me real happy. And I'm real happy that you're gonna be there this weekend. Yeah. I Think, yeah, I think this mothership thing's got a long future ahead of it in that sense of like, just reshaping. I don't know, I just, it's like a, it is kind of a beacon right now and a like, I don't know, it's like there's a big light shining up in the sky and every, that's kind of where everybody's looking. It seems like in that, you know, it's a, and even with Kill Tony, it's just cool that they, that's the coolest part about that is that's like, you can just go right, right in there.


Anybody can go right in there and give it their all, you know, for better or for worse. But you might make it look, you might be William Montgomery, you know? Yeah. You might be Cam Patterson, you might be Hans Cameron. Any these people that have like legitimate careers now because of that show. Yeah. It's, it's pretty awesome. Oliver Anthony this weekend. Sorry, everybody. It's all sold out. You're not gonna be able to get in, but I'm fucking pumped. I can't wait. Yeah. It's gonna be safe. And Thank you for being here, man. And thanks for the podcast. It was a lot of fun. Thank you. Yeah. I really enjoyed it very much. It's, and it's great to see you find your place, man. You, you're getting it. You got it. You know, like, you're, you're here now. You're established in the beginning like, what the fuck is happening? Yeah. But now you're like, you got a plan, you're moving. It was so many pitfalls and so many things, but it's a, it's a con it's a contribution of, I'd say, you know, like at the very beginning, you, Jamie Johnson, David Kushner, and just a couple people who were like, had been in it for a while and were able to, well, with David, you know, he was fairly recent, but we were both.


But just those people, just being able to guide me along at the, the first six months was when I could have really slipped up hard and like could have just, I just was so thankful that I got through all that without being married to anybody or any company. Right. Like, at least everything's still No, you did it the right way. Yeah. You did it the Right way. So I appreciate the confidence there. 'cause it's a terrifying, It is, Man. You been going to, you've been going to work every day for some guy that you hate and some job you hate for so long, for like 50 grand a year. And then some, some dude is like showing you like, you know, like, and they have a really convincing way of doing it. It's just like, think about how easy you can get preyed into buying some shit used car on a lot. Yep. These people are like that, but like, they're like, they're like the professional UFC fighters of psychological warfare.


Like, they're gonna make you feel like you're so stupid and that like, you've just tricked everybody for five minutes and you better, you better do it while it lasts, but, And if you don't come with us, it's never gonna make it. Yeah. You're never gonna make it. But you, you were right. They were wrong. Ha ha. And I don't care if nothing, like I said, if nothing else ever comes of this, this has been just such a blessing to be able to just meet all the people I have and experienced it and like, it's just cool, man. I don't care. I don't care where else, where it goes from here. I'm, I'm just totally, I'm just enamored by it all. It's just been just another dimension I'm living in. Dude. I don't know. It's awesome. It's like, not real life, but It's beautiful. Yeah. All Right. Thanks for being here. Yes sir. Thank you. Alright. Maybe in a couple more years. Fuck yeah. A couple months. Fuck it all.


Bye everybody.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Sometimes it's good to be a little controlling. It can help you protect yourself, your health, your wellbeing, and your possessions. There's only so much you can do though, especially when it comes to your personal info. You probably use things like two factor authentication, strong passwords, and A VPN. But as much as you try to be in control of how your information is protected, there are lots of places that also have it. And they might not be as careful as you are. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second for identity threats. If your identity is stolen, a LifeLock US-based restoration specialist will help solve identity theft issues on your behalf, guaranteed or your money back. Plus, all LifeLock plans are backed by the million dollar protection package, meaning LifeLock will reimburse you up to the limits of your plan. If you lose money due to identity theft, you might not be able to control how others handle your personal information. But you can help protect it. With LifeLock. Save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use the promo code JRE or go to lifelock.com/jre for 40%. Off terms apply.