
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night all day. Thanks Sir. Driving and running. Yeah. The ever Greater and Thinner Big Jay Oakerson. Thank you. Manjaro. Shadow. Manjaro. You're Looking good Dude. Big up. Manjaro. It's nice to see, you know. Thank you. I am exercising too. Beautiful. You have to, or it will just be floppy and weird and gross. Or it'll eat your bones, I guess also. Yes, it'll eat your bones. They say I'm real big on taking the stuff and then not really following up with like, You know what I mean? I did. I just started doing testosterone from a company that's like, you know, it's above board taking it, but like, they're like, you should make sure you monitor your blood all the time.


And I'm like, yeah, we'll get to that at some point. I'm gonna keep taking it though. You don't monitor your blood at all? No, not me. With any regularity. I think they should probably do that. Yeah, they did it there. I know someone I know says they take testosterone and they have to like donate blood every month to get blood heard Before. I've that because their blood's so thick. I talked to my doctor about it. 'cause that really doesn't make sense. But he has heard of occasions where people had to do that. UNFI in their blood. You have too much blood or something. They're like, how much are you taking? Like what did you do? Are you going ham bro? This man's health company saw me coming down the road a mile away. They offered me, I'm taking two peptides. Where started And I don't even know. We started. Sorry. We couldn't wait. Why even ask me? I, I know why, why you were on the door.


I was like, this doesn't make sense. Let's just start. I'm taking two peptides that feel like fire. It feels like fire when I inject them, but really? What are they? I don't, it's, well, the B PC 1 57. Right? That's the one everyone's doing, Right? That's a good one. And then something that's blue. It's Blue. Oh, methylene blue. I don't know, it burns. Wait a minute. Blue hold up. Methylene blew. You're not supposed to inject. It's not that then it's G, it starts with a G. It's, oh, okay. It's so one The letters GH H methylene blue is weird stuff. It's a, it's a dye for like fabrics that people take for its health benefits. Like what the fuck? Boost mitochondria or something. Yeah. It's really weird. Like what exactly does it do? I should ask.


Even though I take it, I'm like, I don't take it all the time, but I have taken it and I don't know. I couldn't, I couldn't describe. I couldn't explain. Exactly. Here it is a medication used in the management and treatment of, what's that word? Meth. Oh, Meth. Yeah. Obviously meth. Glo, anemia, meth, methemoglobinemia. A condition where hemoglobin decreases its ability to carry oxygen. Huh? Straight up. But It started out as a fabric dive, I'm pretty sure. Right? Doesn't it say that? What is it to for humans?


I think it was a die. Yeah. Which is so weird that a die would have health benefits. I grew up in a house of supplements. My stepfather was a powerlifter, so I only know about creatine. Sick. That's it. That's it. Creatinine was another one that would show up in the house sometimes. Creatinine. Really? Yeah. What's that? I don't know, but I have to, I Think Jason creatine twice and he's just remembering it wrong. Nah, it was another, it was another word. Cre. Super Creatine. Creatine's legit. That stuff's super good for you. Yeah. I just started taking Tonga Ali for my, my testosterone. Creatinine is a waste product that forms from the breakdown of creatine in muscles.


Huh? Hmm. Why would I take it? There's another natural one. What is, I think it's called queone Think And it is called for testosterone's. Other Experiments. I, my doctor, I asked my doctor to put me on testosterone. I think we talked about it. 'cause you're like, dude, I got, don't worry. Fuck your doctor. I got a doctor for you. And I was just like, yeah, maybe I, I'll just stop smoking weed. You think that was killing your testosterone? I think so. It was. It was like lower than it should have been. It was like in the high threes and now it's at like mid fives. Well Like a good doctor, what they'll do first is ask you like, what do you do for exercise? What are you eating? How much do you sleep? Yeah. Like those things are all the first thing the doctor will ask you. And if all that stuff's fucked up, they shouldn't just give you testosterone.


They should be like, let's, My place did shed out game day Men's health, 15 minutes. They'll gimme anything I want in a needle. Really? There's a few doctors out there that like to go buck wild. Of course. I think they get incentivized. I got PRP treatment in my hair. I'm not losing my hair. Oh, nice. They just talked me into it now. It's never going away. PRP worked. I don't know. We're gonna find out. I just got it like two weeks Ago. Jay is a mark. He's trying his hair's thinning. He's it. It's definitely going. There's a bunch of topical stuff that you could use these days. Sure. There's like a Finasteride topical, but I would worry that that would get into your skin and into your bloodstream. Like that Finasteride stuff is crazy. Like that makes some people very depressed.


It kills your DHT, which is what keeps your hair from falling out. Mm. And for some people they just, it kills their testosterone. They get like super depressed. Yeah. I started losing my hair when I was 18 and I just said, fuck it. I was bald. What's that? I love not having to talk to a barber. That's the best. You shave it. Which is a big razor. Every is fucking, it's beautiful. Well, how do you find out how much that your barber doesn't know you but is a big fan of Ralph Barbosa. Ah, you guys aren't gonna find that Get from your barber. I don't know you, but Ralph Barbosa Is the fucking man. Do you know Bar Dog? Oh, Kenny. His name's Kenny. He's a nice enough guy. Ralph Barbosa is slick. He's like a slick comedian. Like his punchline are like smooth, you Know?


He's great. Very funny man. Yeah, he's Got a great, great Fully loaded with him. He's Like, he makes, he's got a fun, like just his approach delivery. I like it. It's very slick. Yeah. You Know, and he's sending the elevator down. I mean, he's going, taking guys on tour that I've never heard of, but I think have been around for a long time. That's great. It's a Cool move. That's great. Yeah. Very good. Dude. He hung out with us at the mothership one night. Fun guy. Yeah. He got popular for, he, like someone said on like George Lopez's show or something. They were like, this guy sucks. Or no, George. George Lopez was like, I don't get it. He's just whatever. And then Made fun of, I think someone was talking well about him and then George Lopez was very dismissive of him. And I think that's what Happened. And someone asked Ralph about on some, on something and his response, I think is what made it like very popular.


I think he was just saying, 'cause he, he goes, oh, he doesn't like me because I'm one of his, not one of his comments goes like, oh. And I think that just, you know, you can show any picture of George Lopez bugging his eyes out and make that hilarious. That's hilarious. It's a good fucking good fire back.


This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. Summer jobs can be extremely rewarding. You can learn a lot about yourself and what you want. And there are some pretty unique jobs out there from lifeguards and camp counselors to construction, dog walking, mule packers and more. There's a lot of options if you have the skills. On the flip side, if you are hiring this summer, it might be tough to find the right person with the right qualifications before your competitors, unless you use ZipRecruiter. Try it for free now at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Why should you use ZipRecruiter? It's gonna make hiring for the season astronomically more manageable and fast. It's powerful. Matching technology does a deep dive to find the right candidates for the role as soon as you post it. And when you find someone you like, the invite to apply feature helps you connect asap. Gear up for summer with ZipRecruiter high speed hiring tools. See why four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. Just go to this exclusive web address right now to try ZipRecruiter for free. ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire


this episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. Summer is here and You can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but You can get chicken Parmesan delivered a day in the sun. No. A bottle of rum. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that for almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You must be legal drinking age, please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by Region C App for details.


Yeah. Are you good at living in comedy beefs? I'm so terrible at it. No, I don't like comedy Beefs. I don't like, I fucking Hate it. I don't like any beefs. Luis, you've been in a few where you've gone to bed on. I mean, I guess I have those same beefs too, but I don't engage as much with some people. No, I'm the loser. I just, I get on A flight and I'll be on Twitter for fucking hours. Just tweeting at people for no reason at all. No, but I mean like particular like a, a person you can put a face to like a comic. Like I, not that I haven't had a problem with somebody before, but I mean like, I don't know it. I have a hard time sleeping on like, I'm gonna run this person every night and we hate each other. It's been a while. I mean, I, I'm not, it's just not that serious. There's nobody in the world that I hate. Like there's literally no even people that hate me. I'm like, yeah dude, we're cool.


The Guy that murdered your father, Dude, I tried to get him on my podcast. True. Oh my God. So the guy, my father was stabbed at death when I was four years old. And then years later after the guy got outta prison, I was like, lemme try to get this guy on my podcast and interview him. Wow. How interesting would that be? Oh my God. But he was already dead. Yeah Dude, that would've been insane. Yeah, that would've been Insane because I didn't, I wasn't like, because he was a kid. He was Max Now being like a fucking 75 killed my father, 5-year-old Man. Like showing up at this young guy's house who? You stabbed his dad. You're gonna be alone together. That guy's gonna kill you. Yeah. Maybe that's what I would think if I was an old man. I couldn't defend myself. I don't think he was that old. He was 17 when he killed my father. Oh wow. So he was only 13 years older than me.


Oh. So he'd be like 60 now I guess. Mm. Yeah. But this is like a decade ago that I was gonna do so I A convicted murderer dude, he could fuck your shit up. Yeah. But he was a kid and my father beat him up. My father was a bully. Oh, what if Conor McGregor? He goes, well there was, I'd like to say I apologize to absolutely fucking nobody at all. Yeah. He didn't ask me. Oh Yeah. But I thought that would've been an interesting conversation and I wasn't like going into it being like, oh you've killed my father. I'm angry. I got a great life. My father lived, I would be fucking probably live in Patterson, New Jersey still I'd have a shit life. My father was a Fucking, that's what we always tell ourselves, A drug dealer and a pimp. If he, if he was alive. Well Yeah, it worked out well. Yeah. But that's always, I say, Hey, my dad stuck around.


Maybe I wouldn't have the personality I have and I wouldn't be where I'm at. So maybe it would be way better. No, Well I wouldn't have my Kid. Maybe I'd be head of state or something. Right. Like if I, that one sperm had to hit that one egg, I wouldn't have my son right now if my father was alive. Right. If anything happened differently. Yeah. Alright. Ashton Kucher. That's the imagine A butterfly effect over here. Guy watches one movie all of a sudden figured out. You guys ever think maybe we're just plugging into a pod somewhere and this is all nothing. I'm gonna see if I can fly real quick. I think there's something to that. We're plugged into something. It seems more like it every day. It seems like this is like an advanced stage of the video game right now where like they're lighting cop cars on fire in LA and throwing bricks off of overpasses.


Dude, It does seem fun to order a Waymo and light it on fire. Nobody gets hurt. It's just Hilarious. And I think it's directionally correct. Like you should probably start killing robots like you guys. Are you on the right course? They're, They're early on the, the war of the machines. Just, I'm trying to stop the Terminator, Bro. These are all gonna be owned by corporations and that's gonna be the only way you're allowed to get around. 'cause they're the safest. They're gonna take away everybody's driver's license. It's gonna get weird as fuck. Oh yeah. But it's probably better. The car's gonna go 200 miles an hour. Probably. Probably. Traffic will be eliminated. Dude, I think there're gonna be more of these fucking things I've heard that we just saw in la That's what I Think I've heard that teenagers are going back to smoking regular cigarettes now and getting away from vapes.


We might move back analog a little bit. Ooh. Mm, interesting. You know what I mean? Bring Back manual cars. I wonder if analog makes some sort where it slows down because people wanted to slow down a little bit. Yeah, but it's too late. They, they do want it to slow down. Yeah. We, I mean the electric car didn't really take off the way they'd hoped. Yeah. The problem, problem With electric cars is the charging times too much. It's too much if you're a young single woman and you have to charge your car and you have to just sit there for a fucking hour. I feel I also feel that way. So I feel like you just called me a young single Woman. Well, you're, you're a man. I mean, any human, I Was gonna rent Any human's vulnerable. But like a woman by herself is particularly vulnerable, right? Yeah. Like if you're a hot girl and you're sitting in your car stupid. How many fucking creeps that know that you have to be there for an hour.


How many creeps can bother you? That's A great idea, Joe. There You go. I just wanted to hot. I'm gonna start getting girls at the fucking charging stations. I almost Rented a Tesla one. Get a large order and just walk down the aisle of Teslas waiting to find a hot one. Look. Yeah. Dude. Tesla have, have you ever driven Tesla? Tesla. Tesla Doc slut? Have you, have you ever Driven One? Nah, dude from the seventies. I don't trust that electric shit. I tried, I was gonna rent one once and I gave keys, keys and I was like, I was like, this is gonna be fun. And then I remembered you have to charge it. I was like, I gotta drive to fucking Rhode Island right now. I was like, I'm gonna have to stop halfway there and charge the car for, I don't, It's, I think You can get, I think you can get there. It's just, then you have to charge it. No, Definitely. We wouldn't have made it. No, it's like the real mileage is different than the mileage. It says, so it really should say like, percentage of battery.


But they want you to like estimate the mileage. But it's all dependent upon how fast you're going. Like if you're accelerating a lot, if you're moving around, if you stop and go traffic, like who knows what the real mileage is. If you're on, like say if you get stuck in a tr crazy traffic jam for like four hours, like there's some explosion somewhere, like, and you, you supposedly have 200 miles on your car. Is that good for four hours of you sitting there too with the radio on, with the air conditioning on? Like, when is it And It, it's cold. So are team, we're team Trump then. Not Elon. Fuck Elon Musk. If it's Cold, Fuck your stupid car. If it's cold, they die quick. They die quicker. Oh really? Yeah. That happened in Chicago. Remember when they had that fucking big thing where the highway got closed down and people in Teslas were fucked man.


'cause they just stopped working. Yeah. Also if you blow a tire, like Tesla has to come fix that. Really? Yeah. Why's that? I don't know. But it's like they have to come handle it. The Function of Teslas though. It's amazing. Dude. They're amazing. They, they fucking drive themselves. You press the, you are like, where I go, you trust that a hundred percent. And I go And it just takes you wherever you want to go. You just put on a sleep. It changes lanes, bro. It's nuts. You could, you could put on like dark sunglasses at night and just like, have your hands on the wheel. It's that good. I'm like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Doing It the entire time. Don't do, I don't do it. I don't do it. But I have done it. Where, but I keep my hand near the wheel just to see what it can do. It does Everything.


Yeah. No, that's much better. I do, I get like road paralysis where like if I'm like driving for more than an hour and I'm looking at the lines not paralysis. Yeah. Hyp, what do they call it? Like road hypnosis. So I'll get hypnotized by the lines and I start, you start falling asleep. I start falling asleep. If I have to drive from more than an hour two at night, you know how to Fix that. Do you know how to fix? That's terrifying. Do you know how to fix that? It's real easy. Cocaine. No, no, no, No. That's not cocaine. That work For that. That'll work too. You're right. But you have to keep doing it over and over again. Get some ice and just a washcloth. A washcloth with wet washcloth with ice in it. And just rub your face, rub your face a bit. Wake right up. You wake right up And it lasts for like Five minutes. Ice washer. I you keep in your car.


That'd Be great. What Do call it? Love that call the, the smelling salts you have in the club. Oh, those will do it. Those will do it. I, I did a terrible prank. But they might fuck you up. You're like, you might change lanes. You maybe shouldn't tell this. It might be illegal what you've done. No, it's not illegal. It's definitely, this is a, I would say it's a bad prank to do on a girl. If this was a dude to do a, This is a crazy Dangerous prank. If this was a dude, everyone would've been like, dude, great prank. But because I did it to a girl, it was a little bit fucked up. So we were at the mothership last time we were doing our podcast. And our producer Alex is a girl and she's a big pothead, huge pothead like real deal. So as as podcast producers are Also a mother and a wonderful Producer and a mother. Yes. Better producer than mother. No, she's great.


So I pull, I had the smelling salts and I, I was like, oh, these are fucking strong. They're really particularly strong smelling salts. So then I go, Alex, I was like, this weed is fucking great. Give it a whiff. Then I gave her the smelling salt container. She put her nose in it. Dude, she sniffed so hard. Oh no. You know how potheads wanna smell weed? She, I mean she Cried. It was a 30 minute problem. She said the word why lot. I was like, when Nancy, remember Nancy Kerrigan got why Snugged out by the fuck. She's like, why I sweat blood for you. I flew here for, to help you produce A show. I felt so bad You should not do that. It was, it was a, i I admit now it was a bad prank. But if it was a Dude, hey, that's big of you.


If that was a dude, is it not just undeniably hilarious? It still pretty brutal? Yeah. If it's a guy. It's funny. Yeah. Funny er Yeah, it's funny. It's weird. It wasn't not funny. Funny If you do it to a guy, it's funny. Depend on the guy. You know, like if you, you know, if you did it to Dave Patel would be mean. That'd Be funny. You do it to Kurt Metzker. He just starts punching walls. He to rattled off conspiracy theories. Pretty Girls being embarrassed though is funny as shit. Oh, it's hilarious. It is the most evening factor ever. I did a, when I was on tour with the bands years ago, Korn did Jagermeister music tour. They always had, the Jager girls would hang out and I was on the Jagermeister production bus on this tour. So the girls would all come on there.


They were able to come and hang out and drink for free on the bus And you know, tour buses, you're not allowed to shit on a tour bus. And only one of the egg girls asked if she could use the bathroom. It was just in the time we were there. And she went gorgeous girl. And she came back out and she was sitting down and then the driver comes to start getting the bus ready to leave and just, you know, a toothless fucking road dog just comes in the bus. So you go, somebody took a shit and everybody knew it was this hot chicken fish nets. And I mean, just the thing I was like, she was so beautiful that me, probably my heaviest in my life. I was like, I probably could get her now. She's the shit girl. No one's seeking her out. That's and I'll still do it. That's hilarious.


That's Hilarious. You can't clean up that good in a fucking, So it's such a function that everybody has. But for some reason I never want to hear about a woman shitting ever. Now what, what about the, the MV girl? Why don't they develop a toilet that You can shit on, on a bus? Is that a Beyond our science? I don't know why it can't be. I'm sure there's something that can be done. It Seems like it should be done. I think they're just being lazy. No shitting on the tour bus. Wait, what If you have to to take a shit? That's crazy. If see 'cause they have to empty it out. That's the problem. So they, I think you, You can, you can shit on the tour bus, but the person that has to clean the toilet has to now empty out your shit amongst the piss. Like manually with like a hose and shit. That's what's crazy. Probably some dude's job that he has to like deal with.


Oof. There should be something where you could pull over and those rest stops have like a thing that sucks your shit out. Yeah. Like out of the tank. Yeah. That's be very profitable for them. What Are they gonna do? They'd have to store your No, you figure it out. That's the last thing you wanna do is be in shit. Storage Truck. Truck stop. Yeah. Truck stop. Shit. Storage. Yeah, they're sucking my shit out outside. I'm in here buying jerky. No, The Dave Matthews band. Oh, that's right. Incident in Chicago. That's right. The bus driver. Let that stuff out over the water. And a boat went underneath it. Oh. Oh. And it splattered the boat with oo from Dave Matthew's band. Didn't you see a thing recently? Or they, they show like a cruise ship or something, just letting shit out of the front.


I don't think that's real. I, I think I thought that was real too. I think that's like dredging. I'll be suckered in a heartbeat by an AI thing. Oh yeah. Do you know that super hot down syndrome girl is it isn't real. Damn. That OnlyFans a AI down syndrome girl. Oh, Don't I know it? Of course. God dammit, bro. Nothing's real anymore. How many videos have you seen? Like I, I saw a thing about Trump saying that they were gonna genetically engineer raptors and have the fucking troops ride 'em to protect the border. That's Not real. But it's like you see 'em that, you know, they brought back the dire wolf and could It be done? It's like, it's so hard to Tell now. Weaponizing dinosaurs would be the funniest thing in the world. Start over. Oh, is that fake? Hold on. All there's, I gotta take a quick series of four or five little fake ones.


But they look, they look real and then they just go like, this isn't real. By the way, I from the Cedar Grove flood disaster. Just kidding. I'm not real. This is Dana Brooks reporting live from Ocean View Beach. Just kidding. I'm not real. This is Charlotte Reed reporting live from Clearwater Beach. Where an unidentified, just kidding. I'm not real. Angela Carter. Fuck. Did you climb the Kraken Israel? The Krakens real. I am fake. How Weird.


Listen, eating healthy is hard. Like really hard. I mean, you gotta cook meal plan, grocery shop on top of all the other shit you have to do. It's tough to truly eat healthy. I mean, most people start their day with coffee, grab some garbage lunch. And if you're lucky, you get yourself a decent dinner. And even if you do manage to eat healthy, you're probably still not getting all the nutrients you need. That's just the reality. But hey, there's something that can help AG One Next Gen closing Common nutrient gaps can be as simple as adding AG one Next Gen to your daily routine. It's clinically backed and designed to help with the comprehensive nutrient coverage you need. These guys did their homework to find the right mix of vitamins, minerals, and all that good stuff to help you feel your best. And that's why I've been partnering with them for so long. Subscribe today to try their newest clinically backed formula, AG one NextGen. You'll also get a bunch of other free stuff like a bottle of D three K two, and five of the upgraded travel packs with your first subscription. Just go to drink AG one.com/ Joe Rogan one scoop a day. Your body will Thank you again. That's drink AG one.com/ Joe Rogan.


Yeah, it is crazy what I mean, the amount of deep Fakes I started. You and the Vaughn aren't two babies talking to each other. I watch ads with you all the time. Companies just use your voice in AI now. I sent you one at one point. Yeah. Where it's just like, I was like, I know this is not Joe Glazing this fucking weird company for, you know, a 10 minute read. It was like they really got him to do this, huh? So strange. Yeah. Do you try to put a stop to that or do you Just say fuck it? Yeah, you try. But the Guy who made that sit took 25 minutes. Wow. I told a, I told, I told a racist street joke on Legion Skins 10 years ago and me saying the N word has been used in so many memes and little videos. But It's so funny that black people react to it and they, it's such a funny street joke that they can't deny it.


Oh yeah. It's like an undeniably funny thing. So it's always black people trying to not laugh and they say it. And I'm like, that's pretty good. That's pretty funny. Pretty great street joke. Ah shit. Ugh. Some words are coming back. That one's not one of them. No, bro. These ice raids are fucking nuts, man. Watching this, this protest on television. It's like, Do you think the raids are nuts or the pro, the the all of it's Yeah. Protest. Yeah. I think The sides are taking it a little too hard. Well, I don't think if they, the Trump administration, if they're running and they said we're gonna go to Home Depot and we're gonna arrest all the people at Home Depot, we're gonna go to construction sites and we're gonna just like tackle people at constructions. I don't think anybody would've signed up for that.


They said we're gonna get rid of the criminals and the gang members first. Right. And now we're, we're seeing like Home Depots get raided. Yeah. Like that's crazy. Yeah. And then you've got this big protest that's scheduled for the 14th that's literally funded by the lady who owns Walmart To protest The protest. It's like No Kings. It's like a no Kings protest. It's happening all across the country. Yeah. Bunch of like criminals and, and rapists And you know, obviously, but they go to like a college campus, innocent kid about to graduate. They're like, no, you're out. It's fucked up. Rapists, criminals, slow delivery people.


Ones that can't dance or play the flamenco guitar. I've got a list. I think it's fucking crazy how violent it's gotten. I don't, They're throwing bricks over overpasses. That's what I mean. Bananas. But again, I think all these things, 90% of the people that are there are just like, let's rage motherfucker. Oh, 100%. Also there people that are being saying they New York with Black Lives Matter paid to Protest. Yeah. They're saying they're, That's always the bricks. Piles of bricks are showing up like, you know, just construction sites around the city. No, no, no. That was weird dude. I was in the city during that time. Cooper two during the pandemic. No, those bricks were just fucking out There. I lived on a police block. I was barricaded in with them. Yeah. And I felt bad for the black cops.


No. One day there was With the black cops. And the black cops were like, sorry man. And I'd have my hand on his shoulder like, you're gonna be all right. Shoot that motherfucker. You see a video of the cops getting the rocks thrown at 'em from the York. Oh yeah. It's crazy. Crazy. They had to hide under the overpass. They're throwing 'em at the cops. I mean, you, you, you're 100% possibly killing somebody. Yeah. It's attempted murder. You, you could with a, you had a fucking cinder block brick onto someone's head from an overpass. They're probably dead. It's good chance. A hundred percent. Good fucking chance, man. I Mean Florida, the flies taught us anything. That's how Piggy died. But this thing is just, that's, I relate to This kinda shit can escalate. I'm Thinking of the good son where they pushed the dummy off the overpass. Oh yeah. Remember Make 'em think they killed somebody.


It's fucking, it's pretty wild what's going on. But I mean, I don't know. Like I said, everybody running out of like Luis Vuitton with a bunch of like shirts and shit isn't really you Seeing that? Oh yeah. Oh, that's happening too. Yeah. Oh, they're looting. Yeah. Oh, They're looting. I didn't know they were looting too Hardcore. And I said it's funny, which if I was a 19-year-old kid, I would be out there looting. Unquestionably. Well it's, As soon as lawlessness happens, people take advantage. It's, that's always gonna be the case. Right? That's What I think the whole, it is funny. I mean like these cops are just standing though and like just under nonstop graffiti, it's like murder all cops. They're just like sitting there. It's like, and the people are try somebody, some people try to talk reason to them, to the cops. Like, why don't you do the right thing and not shoot me with a rubber bullet?


It's like, Well You know what the problem is? The problem is there's cops that just shoot people with rubber bullets for no reason. Yeah. Did you see that lady? That's what I do. That Australian reporter that got shot, did you see that video? No. It's pretty hilarious. It's nuts. 'cause you see the guy do it, you see the cop just look at her while she's talking. She's clearly not a criminal. She's just reporting the news and he fucking shoots her in the leg with a rubber bullet The leg. Hilarious. Good stuff. It's really good stuff. Well Let's Watch this. That's funnier than making my producer smell smelling salts. Dude, it's a real dance bitch moment. Dance bitch. It's Crazy. It, I mean I can't, I can't believe that he would do this. This is the chick Go full screen please. Situation has now Rapidly period is nuts.


The L lap D moving it on horseback firing rubber bullets of protestors moving them on through the heart of La. She's got the shitty Australian accent though. Dance bitch Bro. They just shot a reporter like, look, that guy just points and says fuck this lady. It's gonna be good promotion though for her 2000 person gang bang. She's doing an OnlyFans this summer. I mean, what is that? Do you want to know why people get angry at cops? It's shit like that. I would say you shoot a, a white woman every couple minutes and everyone starts going like, oh, they're shooting everybody. You know? Is that a thing where you're kicking everybody out of the street and the press thinks they don't have to listen?


For sure. So you don't wanna listen. You're tired of this shit and you decide to shoot her in the leg, which is fucking insane. That's so insane. You don't, you don't yell lady, get out of the fucking street. Was there anything shooter? This one happened too. After this minute goes down, this guy ends up shooting him at close range. What is this about 40 Millimeter. Hey Yeah. I'm not going anywhere. What's your badge number? That's okay. I'm gonna pop you right now because you're taking up my focus. You, Whoa. I'm gonna pop you right now because you're taking up my focus. Look, it's not okay. It's not okay, but Right. I will say I grew up at a time where if you talk shit to cops, nobody had camera phones or anything, a cop would just fuck you up.


And there's something hilarious about that cop just shooting that guy in the dick. There's A thing about them rubber bullets. Like you're shooting somebody but you're not shooting them. Right. You're kind of half shooting them. Yeah. Right. But it's, you are like, fuck you want you wanna do is shoot them. Yeah. Right. And you're not allowed to, it's against the law And it's not. Right. So you shoot 'em with a rubber bullet And it's not right. But You can shoot people when you really shouldn't be shooting. And with a rubber bullet. I feel like getting shot in the dick with a rubber bullet could have irreparable damages. 100%. I mean, people Have lost eyeballs, Bro. 2020. This guy had to have portions of his. I do have a hard time feeling. What? Say what? Say that again. Read It says there He later had to have surgery to reattach portions of his genitalia portions.


What are they serving it? Flat Platter. How is this guy's, dick? What kind of a dick does this guy have? I wish he, I wish my dick could be cut up into portions. How weird is that? It's like he just knocked out the middle. Is It? Which one you having for breakfast? Oh man. If he break, if he broke the middle off, I'd be like, can you gimme a longer middle? Can You put a longer middle back on? I get extension. Don't care. It's a different color. Just try to match it as best you can. All this gene editing. How far away? Away from big dick's. Oh, you think it'd be the first thing? I Don't think they'd have been working That out. Depends who comes up with the science. The Asians come up with the science. That's first thing. Well, They have the science with the genetic engineering now. Oh, so you're saying before your baby's inborn you'd be like, Hey, also I want my son to have a huge fucking dick. Big dick. That's a weird conversation.


How big you go? I'm thinking monster cock. If you just let your kid have a regular dick and all his friends have giant dicks, that'd be a real problem. Yeah. Your kid be so upset. Yeah. I mean, you could have given me a giant dick as well now. No, I want people to like you. For You. I, I needed money for bowling. Oh, great. I'll be upstairs jerking off with three fingers if anyone needs me alone with no friends. I Just remember being like 12 being like, when is it gonna grow? Like what's it gonna get big? And it just never really did You just kept having that conversation with yourself? Yeah. Up until, come on Bud. Up until I was a full fledged adult. But now's the time. It's a sketch on RA's new show. There's some sort of That's A funny show. Giant. Very Funny. Yeah. Fucking funny show, man. The Hitman one was hilarious.


Yeah, They were. I thought the, the video game where the, the you play with aliens raping humans. Fuck Aliens. Fuck. He was for, He said it wasn't, it wasn't about the guy And it was part two. It was called Evans Revenge. Oh, Jamie speaking to UFOs. Did you see Lou Elizondo These photos that are supposedly of a real alien. Oh, Here we go, Bro. It's so dumb. The photos look blurry of the photos of the dead alien. Like you can't even zoom in on that. You can't even fucking focus. Look at these. Yeah, that thing. Look at that. What is that? What's that? What is that dude? How about better pictures? This is crazy. These are the only pictures.


Is this from the forties? Like what's this picture from? What is this? Oh, people wanna believe Bro. So bad. Me too. I'm like, maybe, maybe the bottom ones. It was funny, somebody asked me, you know, Sean Donnelly and Dan St. Germaine have a, a podcast now about alien, alien encounters and all that kind of stuff. Oh really? And they both really believe it. And they were like, what would it take for you to believe Jay? I was like, irrefutable evidence. I have to shake hands with an alien. The one, the one thing I've never seen irrefutable evidence. There's a lot of shenanigans going on for sure. On, on the back of one of those folks. Alien. Oh, it's 1993. Alien hybrid child born to a 15-year-old girl.


Subject of et genetic experiment under chin, neck and upper torso view. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So that's under Chin. And then what's the other photo? It's the same. It's just the same. It's just one photo. Wasn't there another one? It seems like there's two photos that's, that's just with this particular one that but at the top. Yeah, the one on the bottom. What's that one on the bottom? The one on the bottom seems a little like turned to the side, right? Is that the eyeballs? Supposedly One of those one. Are those babies called that are born like that? Oh, Harlequin babies. Yeah. It could be anything, man. I mean, it might not even be human. I mean, it Might not even be be, You know who fucking knows.


Do you think, I mean like someone like Donald Trump can hold in the information his Daily day tell, I don't think, I don't think they tell him. I don't think he can. But who can sit playing golf? But who can sit on that information if you know that? Wouldn't it be terrifying to to, you know, to it's almost that to play someone who knows about aliens existing, you think also breaks off and plays golf and Yes. Decides what they wanna have for dinner tonight. A Hundred percent. Really? Yeah. Yeah. I think it's like Finding how vampires exist. It would change everything. I think it's a fun way to have information that you don't give to the rest of the world. And if you're the head of a giant defense contracting agency that's been back engineering UFOs for the last 50 years, it'd be probably pretty cool to know some shit that other people don't know and not tell anybody and still go to brunch.


But how are you not so consumed that you go, because there's like about, hey, you, you wanna start a new, there's you wanna start a new Netflix series tonight? Like, it just seems like you'd be con It's the same way. I don't believe people have like speaking to the dead powers or psyche powers. I'm like, you'd be, You know what I mean? It's never like, oh, what does that tell your loved one? That you missed them terribly. They miss you terribly. I'm actually, you guys went to McDonald's. I'll treat myself to some McDonald. Like how does your mind go anywhere else? But like, I'd speak to the dead. That would be consuming. Yeah. I would never sleep Supernatural All day talking to somebody about the war of 1776. You just Go nuts. It's just not real. There was a, there was a video on, can you imagine You can just tune in into any time and talk to like some Civil war soldiers. You don't have a fa you don't go pick out a new pair of sneakers while that's going on.


I knew sneakers. I think, did you See that video where it was like somebody, it might not even, I don't know if it's real, but she was like a girl who has like paranoid schizophrenia and she created like a video of what it's like to have schizophrenia. Oh my god. And it's like these like floating like, almost like yeah. Like monsters sort of. Yeah. But they're like translucent and it's like just all these voices whispering. It's like if that, if that's how it really is to have schizophrenia that, I mean, I couldn't make it a day. Yeah. It, I think it varies like a lot of different neurological conditions. Right. I think, you know, there's extreme versions of it and some people have like mild schizophrenia, which is really weird. Well, I'm, I've been impressed. I I have someone close to me in my life that said mania where they go manic and I've only seen it twice.


It's Hulk Hogan. It's Hulk. I've only seen it twice then. But I mean, I'm blown away by how much your brain can like, change functionality in a day, in a, in a day's difference being like, everything's changed. You know, they're saying things that they've never said before and believing it and being like, You know what I mean? It's very strange. Well, If you think about your body scary. Yeah, it is scary. But if you think about your body as a whole, things go wrong in your body. And well, things go wrong in your brain too. It's like, you know, you can't blame someone for having liver cancer. Right? Sometimes people just get weird diseases, you know, and the the mental thing is a weird one, man. 'cause there there's people that, that's just like, something isn't clicking. It's just not working right.


You know? And they don't know what to do. And they're out there in the world and they're trying a bunch of different medications on them and they don't know what to do. So You can't be mad at Kurt Metzker fault. Can't mad At Metzker. I couldn't imagine. This is what I always try to Ima I always try to think about what I'm talking to somebody. I can't imagine what it's like to be them. Like what is it like, what's it like to be medsker? Oh my What's it like to be filled with conspiracies just over and know so much about like, secret societies And nobody believes you. Yeah. And nobody believes you. And, And, and everyone's kinda of like, Hey man, we're just trying to smoke a joint in the green room, bro. He hovers. He hovers over like a gargoyle. He's a goon. He's this giant dude and he hovers over you. Oh, you Didn't know. I haven't seen Oh, you didn't know.


Last time I was at in LA when he, when he still lived in la he came over to the Airbnb I was at. And always. Well, Kurt, I haven't seen Kurt always in like months and months between when I get to see him. He's one of my oldest closest friends in comedy. He's my daughter's godfather, you know, very close to him. And then I was, which Is a crazy choice. Yeah, it's crazy. That's on Jay. It was a strange choice. But he's good godfather. He's a great guy. He's great. And yeah, him and my daughter have a great relationship. It's fantastic. But he is a whacker for sure. And he came in to the house. I was like, my man, it's good to see you. And he goes, you know, the p Diddy thing is real. And that's why Usher, that that, that audio of him fucking, that guy was real. And that's, and he got Usher first. And that's why Usher, remember when Usher was gone for a year because he had to get his asshole sewn back together.


Like what? What He just rattles them off too. And it'll go to Libya. Don't all of sudden you're talking about Libya. Gaddafi Remember the thing with Gaddafi, like, I don't, Dude, he tells one of the people that texts like the way he texts, it's not just like, he won't send you like one long text about like, just everything I say. He Has Knox. Every Sentence is a new set. So you're getting Like, just seems manic


Full on this episode is brought to you by better help. Sometimes it could feel like you're carrying the weight of the world on your shoulders. And for guys especially, it could feel like you have to carry that burden on your own. There's a lot of stigma around men being the provider to keep it all together by themselves. But that's not good for you, your family or anyone. Did you know that 6 million men suffer from depression every year in the US And it often goes undiagnosed because of these stigmas. Real strength isn't bottling things up inside though. It's admitting to your faults and doing something to better yourself. So go talk to someone, a friend, your partner, family, a therapist Therapy is an excellent tool everyone should utilize. It's a great way to learn more positive coping skills. Like how to manage stress and help you live a more balanced and fulfilling life. Better Help is a great place to start that conversation. Judging by the millions of reviews and the 4.9 rating in the App store, it's helped many people across the globe as the largest online therapy provider in the world. Better Help can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. Talk it out with Better Help. Our listeners get 10% off their first month@betterhelp.com slash jre. That's better. HE lp.com/jr. That's, that's un


And then after Like an hour, you, you get back to like Cool Did Bobby doesn't to everybody. He came over. So we had a pool at the Airbnb we're at and him, and at one point I realized, I go, oh no, he is had Bobby Kelly in the corner for a while and then Bobby Kelly, Kurt goes inside and Bobby swims over and he goes, so I guess the Jew lasers are real. He goes, I guess Kurt told me those Jew lasers actually are pretty real what's going on with them? He just Corners you. He just corners you. But I love it. I can listen to him all day long. The Best's Doing Night Podcast Guys. Yeah, yeah. He's doing Story The best podcast guest. He's, he's like, he's just a, you just have to rein him In. Like go out to Owen Benjamin like, Go in this. That was a fun one. Take him in this direction.


Go in this direction. 'cause he's just, it just never stops coming out of his mouth. Yeah. He's just, he's a joke writing machine. No, he is, He is a genius. Genius. An genius. I say his day-to-day personality is genuinely, I always describe Kurt, he's the first person to see that price of genius where it's like, he's so great at being funny and his mind works such a thing, but his outta his mind, his brain when you're not talking to him, maybe even when you're talking to him is just like, it's like a division sign. Like it's just formulas. Just formulas going through There. Like that meme. Yeah. A hundred percent. That's how I feel like when I'm talking to Elon. Same, same thing. Yeah. Like you can tell there's like numbers running in his background and shit going on And he's trying to figure something out while you're talking. Yeah.


I mean He's, he's clearly on the spectrum, you know, I mean that's, that's how you make rockets and electric cars and also own Twitter at the same time. Be addicted to Twitter. Like, where's your time coming from? And you're playing Diablo. Really. Like, hey, Where is it? I couldn't imagine being that rich and ever opening Twitter. Like if I was that, like, I would just, like, I'm just definitely above tweeting. Oh man. Really? Rich, rich guys. One thing that happens if you're really rich and people are stopping you from communicating and you get pissed off and you think, well fuck it, I can just buy Twitter. Like, nobody would do that normally. Right. You get, you need a wild person like Elon to do that. That's a wild move. Yeah. To say, I'll just buy Twitter and then pay them way more than it's worth.


And then everybody says, you're a terrible businessman because your company lost $20 billion in value in the first year. But it's like, no, it wasn't worth 44 billion. He paid 44 billion for it. 'cause he wanted it. It wasn't worth that. Like how was it worth that? And then we found out a ton of shit, man, that we wouldn't have found out about like censorship and like what, what's directing it? Like, it's what's keeping us at each other's throats. You're saying almost just in the basic level of like, someone his age, like doing the same action that like a girl flopping on her bed on her tummy and kicking her knees up. He's like doing like, like whatever Trump's stupid and he's on, he's on the list. Yeah. I just, I if I was, I just, you made it.


You don't need, you don't need to prove anything else. You made it. Yeah. What else you gotta prove? Let 'em find out in the newspapers. Doesn't matter. It's not a good look. I mean, if I had, if I just simply, I mean, if I got a, if I, if I double my net worth, I'm gonna fucking, I'm gonna disappear from public life altogether. Much less Elon money. That's insane. I think you are aware when you have a lot of money of how many different entities are manipulating society, I think that becomes an issue. And if you can do something about it and you feel compelled to do something about it, you're literally one of the only people that can, Do you think that he did do something about it? He definitely did. When he bought Twitter, Twitter changed. He definitely did. With Doge just exposing some of the wild shit.


Like billions of dollars. It's gone to who knows where with no receipts. And, But did they even do anything about it really? Or he just exposed it and people talk about it for a Week? Well, you can't do anything about the money that's gone. I mean, unless they can somehow or another figure out where it was spent and whether it was valid and hold someone accountable, they, they're not gonna do that. 'cause they wanna make sure that that doesn't happen to them and they're just gonna keep spending and insane amounts of money. I feel like they're still spending, they, they were like, Hey, this is happening, but it's still gonna continue to happen for the rest of your lives. Well, here's the thing. If the, if it's been funding the Democrat machine for this whole time, which is what guys like Mike Bens allege, it's a little over my head to really explain, but essentially we're saying that the, there's so many NGOs, you wanna know how, how many NGOs there are.


There is one NGO in India for every 600 people. I'm, I don't know what an NGO is. And it is j idiot Idiot Dude. Just so you know. Government organization. Yeah, no, Tell it To him. Yeah. Sorry. Non-governmental organization. Okay. Thank you. It's just a nonprofit. So it's a nonprofit that's funded by the government. It's it's real weird stuff, man. When you find out about it, when just in Future reference, if you can make all your acronyms, just say the whole word out. So Luis gets, he's stupid idiot. I I should assume that no one knows about that. I come on. You do. But I actually assumed, 'cause I didn't know about it until I started talking to Mike Ben about it. I was like, wait, what? Like how much money? And when you find out where the money was going and what it was doing, it's like, he said, it's all for stuff that's too dirty for the CIAI was like, Jesus Christ.


And he lays it down like hours long presentation and explains how it's all, what, what's the root of it all? And it's like, it's really spooky stuff. 'cause you, you realize like how corrupt our society actually truly is. Do you enjoy having the burden of information though? No. I fucking hate It. Why? Like where does your, where does Your Rather Bigfoot podcast, where does Your like political give a shit stop really? Well, I just don't want the world to fall apart. Sure. That's all it is. I just, I'm not politically aligned with either the left or the right. I believe in a lot of shit that the left believes in. Sure. And I believe in a lot of shit that the right believes in. I just don't believe in any of the shit that the extremists on either side believe in. That's The problem. Yeah. This is, yeah. When you're fucking tackling people at construction sites, it's like, come on.


Mm. Like what are you, what are we doing? Like, you want everybody out. I feel like once you get in, let's take a test. Let's take, you know, like, are, do you, are you the type of guy that shows up at work? Are you the type of guy that respects America? Do you like being here? Yeah. Is it too easy to get in though? Do you Want, You had a great analogy about the movie theater. I love that. My movie theater analogy is killer. It's A great analogy. I said I've snuck into a movie before sitting in an empty seat that no one's taken. It's not even taking up any kinda space. If they come in and go, Hey, where's your ticket? I go, I don't have one. They go, you have to go. You gotta go, man. I can't, you can't be like, ah dude, I've already watched an hour of it.


So what? And I feel like you should let them finish the movie. That's a good, I'm just saying my point. I'm not even saying you shouldn't let, I'm saying it's discretion to let them finish the movie or not. I'm just making the point to be like blown up. They shoot you with a rubber bullet. But I'm like, well this movie theater was built on my people's land or fucking, it's just, to me it's just like a weird like reaction to getting caught being like, well, but I've already been here. It's like I've gotten away with it for so long. Yeah. It's kind of Funny. You steal someone's stuff and they find it 20 years later. You go Well, it's been mine for 20 years. But also, I, I totally agree with you and it's a funny joke. But also, if you're living in Mexico and you're a young person and you figure out a way to sneak across the border, you get gainfully employed in the United States, you start doing, well, you, you're involved in a business, you start raising a family, but there's no real path to citizenship.


'cause you snuck in. Right. But you've actually become integrated in society and you're part of the American dream. Sure. It's just, there's no path. If you're dirt poor, that's the problem. See, if you're living in Denmark and you're white and you got a college degree and you're really good at genetics, you wanna come over here and work for a lab? Probably not that hard. You gotta jump through hoops though. You gotta meet with the guy every six months or whatever it is. You gotta fill out the paperwork. But if you're walking here from Mexico, you know, there's no, no clear path to citizenship. You Know? Sure. You gotta marry a fat white woman. That's the path. Find, find desperado. Yeah. Yeah. Rodeo. Yeah. There's, there's no clear path. And especially if you're integrated into, like, I, there was a, a guy that I had was my landscaper for a long time in la.


He was Danish. He walked, he came, he's Dutch, he came from Mexico, he walked across from Mexico. It's like, and he lived in these communities. Like he took me to, they, they had chicken fights in their communities and this dude had just roosters stacked up everywhere. It was like, there was like a hundred roosters in this guy's backyard. Not my landscaper, but his friend. He took me to his friend's place. They would barbecue a goat and cook root. There wasn't a English speaking sign for blocks. And I was like, this is, you Should have fucking paid him more. So, like my point is not paid him. Well, that was not my point. My point is like, like Spend it all chicken fights, Completely integrated societies that are a part of LA that are fully Mexican.


You know, and but it functions, it works like going in and raiding those people and putting 'em in jail because they've integrated into so society in an illegal way. It seems Stupid. And then it's all the people that are going, it's like, it's my tax dollars. Like guys, the amount of bullshit that our tax dollars goes to. Right? That's, that should be a priority over getting a, a fucking Mexican dad out of the country. It's like, Joe, it sounds like you just wanna keep barbecued goat in this country. Well Here's the problem. The problem is if they're illegal, right. Which is what everybody wants to, to keep it that way. 'cause what if you let 'em vote and this, if they're illegal, then you don't have to pay them as much. And this is where it's dark. This is the dark secret of why people want cheap labor in this country.


Because there's a lot of people that don't pay people what they're supposed to be getting paid. It's non-union. They're illegal. Everyone knows and they want cheap labor, cheap, dependable, reliable labor. So they let people in for that. Tim Dylan was talking to me about this a long time ago. 'cause you know, he used to be a real estate guy. Like he, he understands like the dynamics of it all. It's like that is a big part of what they want, why they're bringing people in. But the reality is, yet you should just pay people more money. Like, you should make less money. You should pay them more money. You should pay them enough money so they can live like you just to, to, to try to have a giant business that pays people the least amount possible. That's, it's kind of crazy. That's most businesses I Know, but that's kind of crazy.


It's kind of a crazy thing to do. It's Very interesting. My my ex-wife's, both her parents are immigrants. And you'd be surprised how not like sad they feel for people being kicked out. Like, they're like, I think they so crazy. I think they have a very, like, if like we had to figure out how to do it legally. That's what a lot of people, but that's also how people felt like when people were unvaccinated. Yeah. I had to take the shot. You know, like, why don't you take the shot? I gotta take the shot. Shit. I didn't have to. I sought it out so hard. Did You? Yeah. Jay was, oh my God. Oh, you were so scared. Paranoid. You were scared Certain I was dying. Yeah. A Lot of, a lot of people got scared. Yeah. I I took it. They scared The fuck out of Us. I took it and I faked the second one, the booster. 'cause I realized that there's no way to these, it's a piece of paper.


It's a card with like some random name on it. It was like, it was like, I was like, there's no way they're actually tracking This. My daughter made one on her phone to go into a Cheesecake Factory. It's pretty impressive. They're gonna absolve you of that crime. It'll be in the future. It'll be like when they, all the people that dodged the draft. Yeah. They, they exonerated all, Oh wait, did I just admit to a crime on this podcast? Yeah, you did. I Didn do that. That was a crime. They were, they were saying they were gonna prosecute people. I remember saying they, there was people that were saying if you try to use a fake vaccination card, we're gonna prosecute. You're like, Yeah, but that's like saying they're gonna put you in jail for not going to jury duty. That doesn't actually happen. Yeah, but That's way crazier than that because that's like, this whole thing is nuts. Like, you're telling people they have to do this to get on an airplane And it doesn't Even work.


Have you ever had the Thailand wraps the Cheesecake Factory? They're great. I'll risk it. Dude. Do they come to you for, have you ever done jury duty? I haven't done it. No. Like That's if Joe Rogan showed up to do jury duty Be wild. Are you familiar with this case? I'm familiar with everything. I, I'm a little familiar with everything. Mildly. Yeah. I think I interviewed the defendant and the plaintiff. I've Never done jury duty either. I've, I haven't gotten a, a notification in years and years and years. But I just ignore them back in the Day. I just took one recently pretty hard. You You died. I just flat out moved. Tim Dylan was just talking about it on the Spicy Wing show. What Hot Ones?


Hot Ones. Hot Ones. Tim. And it was talking about how he did dur for a murder trial. Really? Yeah. The guy was a fucking murderer Ever Recently. Yeah, he was talking about it recently. The the guy. It was a long time ago. But he, he was did jury duty and he was like joking around with the defendant. See If I was guaranteed that I'd go show up. It's just what you're gonna get is like tax something or a business argument. Right. Or some kinda shit. And that's boring as hell Now have to pretend to be racist to get out of it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You gotta get schizophrenia. I hate what's the last name of the one guy Watkins. I hate black people. Jeremiah Watkins. Shit. I'm little Too opinionated To be.


Yeah. I mean that's what I'd say. I'm a little too opinionated. The only time I ever showed up, the only time ever I showed up I wore, I was wearing jean shorts and they said you can't wear shorts to, and I just go, what do I do? They go, go back. You'll go back into the pool and just go home. Oh. And they sent me home. They sent Him into a pool. 'cause he was wearing shorts. Yeah. Nice shorts. Idiot. Get in the pool. You can't offend people with your wardrobe at this place of the law, I guess. So How, when did they stop wearing the wigs and the fucking crazy, crazy like, You know, did they do it here? Did they still wear those? I think so. They Don't wear the wigs anymore, right? We First came from, Oh like Pilgrim Court. Okay.


Fucking pil. Stupid because That everybody had wigs on. They still have it in England to this day. The judges still Wear it. It's crazy. And Jewish women religious, Jewish women, You know where came And any black woman Came from Syphilis.


This episode is brought to you by Squarespace. Have you ever been shopping online? And the website just gave you the ick, let me tell you, that wouldn't happen if they used Squarespace. Squarespace Design Intelligence empowers anyone to build beautiful more personalized websites tailored to your unique needs. And with Squarespace payments it's super easy to manage payments with just a few clicks. Plus, with Squarespace's integrated and optimized SEO tools, there's all the help you need to get people to your site. Head to Squarespace dot com slash Emma for a free trial and use code Emma to save 10% on your first purchase.


This episode is brought to you by Montana Knife Company makers of the best, most sought after knives out there. The company was founded by my friend Josh Smith. He's been making knives since he was 11 years old and became a master bladesmith at just 19, which is wild 'cause there's only about 140 to 150 Master bladesmiths in the world. Plus these knives are made right here in the USA, right in Montana. And they're designed, tested, and built by hunters. For hunters. I've been loving the Magna Cut Blackfoot 2.0 When Master Bladesmith, my friend Josh Smith, launched Montana Knife Company. He set out to create the ultimate do it all knife, small and light enough to pack on a goat hunt, durable enough to completely field dress a moose and shape to gut cape skin and de-bone with ease. He called this flagship knife the Blackfoot. And it remains his go-to blade. And I love it as well. It's truly the only hunting knife you'll ever need. Although MKC is still a young company, the demand is already crazy. Literally every time they drop a batch, they sell out in minutes. So if you want to be the first to know, sign up for SMS alerts for exclusive knife drops and their email newsletter to get notified about restocks. Or go to Montana knife company.com and see what's available now.


The wigs. Yeah. Yeah. Why, how so? All the The people. This is what this is a so this is, the story's a little complicated. This may or may not have been exactly how it happened, but it seems like when Explorers came to North America, they contracted syphilis from the natives and then brought it back to Europe. And then a lot of people were getting syphilis. These people were freaks. They're all fucking each other. And they were losing their hair, getting big holes in their face and shit. Like syphilis is crazy. It like rots your head away. And so they started wearing wigs 'cause they had like big scabby holes in their head. Like literally it's horrific shit. And the more wealthy you were, the bigger the wig. So that was like big wigs.


That's what the term big wigs come from. It comes from these makes Complete sense, These freaks that all had syphilis that were all banging each other friends. And if you have money, you're fucking just getting pussy left and right. Yeah. So yeah. So There was these two, two guys that were royals and they started it all. They started wearing the wigs when they got syphilis. Wow. That's crazy nuts. So then guess it all dials Back. It's still, it's not the white man's fault, he's dirty ass Indians. It Has to be. He's dirty Indian sluts. It has to be why they wear wigs in court. It has to be right? Like it has to be like a proper thing. Like wearing a tie or something. Like a gentleman wears a wig. I should start wearing a wig. How fun would that be? A powdered wig. I thought about getting a A a a recently just to be funny and just show up with like a really high quality toupee Jamar does that.


Yeah, I know he has The Mohawk glue. His Head. You should get a hair system. Not a tope. No Dude. I'm not going to another country to get my fucking ass hair as a plant. No, no, No. Not an N implant. It's just a system. It's like a different's. Like more permanent tope. It really looks, Dude, I saw a video today where this doctor was talking and a doctor that I know was talking Garth Fisher's his name. He was talking about his clients that went down to Turkey to get a gastric bypass operation. And then a couple months later they're like, my stomach's bothering me. And the doctor's like, oh well let's check out what's going on with your stomach. How long have you only had one kidney? And she's like, I have two kidneys. He goes, no, you have one kidney.


And then contacts the other two girls that were on the trip trip, they all come in to get examined. They're all missing a kidney as well. So they went down to Turkey to get a bypass, a gastric bypass and they stole their fucking kidneys. Brilliant. Yo, not bad Bro. Imagine brilliant. Most that's out There stealing body parts. You Know, that's, you Don's have one kidney. That's Crazy. I mean it's, that's it's better. I used Did they also get the gastric bypass though? They Did, but I think they paid for it. You know. Oh, what if it cost a kidney to get gastric bypass? There's fat people that would do that. Right? What if they didn't read the fine print? Yeah. And it just cost you this. Here's why it's so cheap. It's free. We need a kidney. It's free. If you have a B blood, how much Is a kidney on the black market worth?


That's a good question, Jamie. Don't Google that. We'll get in trouble. No, Jamie off the, off the dome. Yeah You can. Jamie, where does your, let's guess, where does your circle, how big is your circle of give a kidney if they need? Oh it's very small. Yeah. Yeah. You're gonna have to figure that out. I'm not giving up kidneys For people. Just like, well what happens you Kidney Get your kidney Not good. What I mean like Not as good. It's as two. That's why you have two. But I mean What, hello science catch up. You can live With one Fucking stealing people's kidneys. You can live with one kidney. But how much does it affect your, like day to day like you exercise still? Can you, I, I don't know. What would it do to you? It's a very good question. I think You can live life relatively normal. Yeah. Because people do it for loved ones. It's interesting that people get kicked in the kidneys all the time, but you don't really hear about too many like severe kidney injuries.


You know, like you hear about liver injuries. Yeah. Like you hear about internal bleeding from guys from body shots. Don't hear too much about kidney Injuries. Dude getting punched in the fucking liver. It's the most painful thing. It's weird Right on the planet, dude. It's a weird feeling. It's crazy. It'll, it just shuts your body down. You roll around on the floor and start crying. I Think. I thought, I think Mickey ga told me his Mickey ga kicked me in my kidney. Oh. But he said, he said gig. Yeah. So I, I sparred with Mickey gall once and I with Michael Bisman once and both of them put me down with liver shots. No, I'm sorry liver shots. Not kidding me. Oh, liver. Liver shots. Like, but they, they, they called it is this how good fighters are like bisping's like hey watch this bang. And it just put me down. I mean literally the whole gym of people cackling laughing at me as I roll around on the floor as a man.


It's fucking pathetic. Have you seen Ilia Topoya do that to people? He does it to fans. He hits 'em with a liver shot. Oh no. They ask him no. So he's liver shot in bare knuckle ia topoya, bare knuckle liver shot in people You I'd rather be punched in the face 10 outta 10 times. But Mickey said when he lost to Diego Sanchez it was 'cause his kidney started shutting off. That's why bit him. I bet that is a weight loss Thing though. He said that's what he said. It's from weight loss. Yeah. Yeah. That's a brutal thing that they do man. Like Kayla Harrison who just won the ban weight title bro. Oh, that picture of her weigh in. She's So big. She's so jacked And that her getting down to 1 35. I don't know how much weight she's losing. I don't really wanna ask but I do you know, being not supposed to ask ladies what their way. Right. But she was competing even A professional fighting.


Yeah. And when she was over at the pfl, she was fighting at 1 55. Her picture, her picture of her at the, the actual weigh in was like scary. Yeah, it's kind of fucked up Honestly. It was like a thumbnail from like crack horror confessions New Zealand. See this is the problem. The UFC had a 145 pound division and Amanda Nunes was the champion of it. Like for the health of both fighters. Like that would be a good way. I mean it really depends on if Kayla Harrison can continue to make 1 35 and defend the title. 'cause I don't know who's gonna beat her. She's too fucking strong. Huge. She's so strong. That happens a lot with like the chicks. There's like a real dominant chick for a While. Right. With a man that was Koko power. Yeah. Amanda was one of the rare women that she could just touch you and just blast you out in orbit.


You know, it's usually with women, it's like a combination punches. Like Amanda had extraordinary power. Yeah. Like when she knocked out Cyborg. That was wild dude. Yeah, that was fu she just folded Cyborg. I'm like that lady came crack. What was the, was it Silva this last weekend? There was a knockout. The guy was asleep standing And it was the most softest Turnover. Yes. Yeah, yeah. Turnover. Like chin punch. The Korean dude. The boxer. Yeah. Young. He's like 23 years old. It was like he, he Joe saying you, He moved and just like it was the smallest little like Oh it was beautiful. He didn't pull it from the shoulder or nothing. One of the best Left folks Of all time. I see Guy was asleep before he hit the ground. It was crazy. One of the best left folks of all time. It was literally like this. Bam. Like he just turned it over and He's a kid, right?


Yeah. He's young. No he's not that young. No, no, no. Here it is. Boom. Look at that. Yeah, I think he's 28. That's A lot of his momentum coming in too. It's like the perfect place. Timing. Oh yeah, For sure. But he's also a really good boxer. So You get knocked out and then some dude zoom back flips in the ring. That's, That's the worst feeling in the world. I always, by the way, I don't know how I would, I'm not a good enough sport for if I was knocked out and they come over and start doing that thing where they're touching my face a lot and being like, thank you for the opportunity. Go get the fuck away from it. Dickhead A lot of people. Do You fucking jerk off. I don't wanna talk to you. He goes, Hey will you pray with me? No. Ah. Will you pray with me? To Who? A god that hates my guts. Oh shit. That's So funny. I'm praying to God this whole training camp, I just come Jack, God just gave me a concussion.


So thanks God. That's hilarious. I guess that's hilarious. I guess thought I was training wrong. This lady's got a problem because if she, you know, other than the Amanda Nunes fight, who, well who's gonna pay to watch her just steamroll somebody, you know like every, if she can continue to make 1 35, if she becomes a marathon runner or something Mm. And drops even more muscle mass and can make 1 35, who the fuck is gonna be able to deal with that? It was like Mike Tyson back in the day. Yeah. It became a thing where they started like offering you money back on the pay-per-view if he, if he didn't last at least two rounds. Did they? Yeah. Yeah. That was the whole thing. It was like, 'cause he was knocking people out so fast. It was like, you know, I'm not paying for this. This is fucking Crazy. Yeah. Everybody would look at a pay-per-view based on how long you thought the fight would last. Like $60 man.


Yeah, it wasn't that much back then but, but I remember people being bummed out. It was like a 32nd knockoff. But It was also fun to like, it was almost like almost Mike Tyson. His thing was he was so vicious and badass. Yeah. That was kind of fun to watch somebody that dominant, you know. Yeah. But Also the crazy, when people, I Think with the UFC people, the like they want to, they want the back and forth. They want five crazy fights. Yeah. They wanna like, you feel like you're getting your money's worth. I remember after Tyson Holyfield the ear thing, I ordered that pay-per-view and I was driving around that night afterwards listen to the radio and people were like, like tons of complaining on sports radio. I'm like, you just watched a guy bite a hu another man's ear off. Like what If they would've sold it that way before You pay $60 just for that.


Yeah. Before the fight. If they were like, watch a man eat another man's ear. I'll pay anything you want. Didn't He bite him twice? Yeah. He didn't get it off the first time Though. The was for that fight. Did The fight that Mike Tyson has 50 bucks back then? Yeah. He has edibles that are ear shaped. Hilarious. It's one of the funniest fucking things on earth. And The fact that they're friends know Vander Mike is Vander Hofe has no idea what's going on. He, he doesn't, He'd be friends with anybody. He is gone ski Evander Holyfield. Is he? Oh he, he was on my podcast Whisper a Few years back. He was fine. Really? Yeah. Something always on back In la No man. He was like super coherent back in la Damn. I mean that was a few years ago.


Seven years ago maybe. How long ago was Vander on the show? Yeah. Did he fight Vour? Is that who fought Vour? Yeah That was, that was Unfortunate. That was A bad fight. I don't think he had a real camp for that fight either. Yeah. You know, I think that was a last minute replacement. 'cause Vitor was supposed to fight somebody else, right? Yeah. Very few athletes will ever, I think at this point, I know there's bigger contracts now than ever. 2019. So six years ago. Yeah. But very few athletes will ever understand the idea of that. Like what those guys' lives were like. Even like Riddick bow. Oh yeah. Like Riddick Bow was championed for like two fights. I mean, You know what I mean? And he was awesome. He didn't have a, he was awesome but he didn't have a long run or anything. And then, right, you see his thing it's like 14 acres with white tigers everywhere and all his clothes are silk.


Like they're immediately like they were just getting handed like 50 million so much money like in one night. I know it's like you trained for that night. But that's a crazy amount of like no athletes get that. Yeah. Well it's like anymore nothing like that. There's a few Canelo does, Does He? Yeah. Canelo has a giant deal with this. Oh. But I don't even, maybe even boxing still has that with the pay-per-view. Like taken. I just mean it was Yeah. Some of these boxers you're making pretty fucking nuts. My Yeah But that sport's the only sport, I mean UF Cs never paid like that has It? I don't know what the most amount anyone's been paid in the UFC for a fight. If I had to guess. It's gotta be Connor. Yeah, Without a doubt. Yeah, I know Connor has made more than a hundred million dollars in the UFAI believe.


Yeah. See if that's a fact. Is that going all his, his endorsements And everything? I shouldn't say that 'cause I don't really know. I just read some article that tried to break down how much he made for each pay-per-view and how much he made at the beginning of his career. You know, like when he first burst onto the scene. Yeah, it's, I Got two numbers in the first results that says 39.3 and then down here says A hundred, 108. Yeah. It might include the boxing. Yeah. So there's like the pay-per-view bonuses versus like fight pay. So What I was gonna say is I thought he made a hundred million dollars from the Floyd fight. So it can't be that 30 million from that. So 30 million. 30 million. Oh it says 30 million from the boxing match in Floyd.


I thought it was a hundred million. And his biggest pay, I was against Khabib for 28 5 almost. Yeah, he's so 28 million. He's probably made the most but his like if I had a guess he wasn't getting, that was an all pay-per-view bonus. That was a huge pay-per-view. Right. But I'm, but he did get paid. I mean that, but that's the only way they get paid anyway. Yeah, of course. I mean the pay-per-view bonus thing is great because it forces him to promote. But I don't mind a silent killer. I don't mind an Alex Pereira. I don't wanna see him promoted. He don't have to promote that the dude promotes when he puts people into orbit. Yeah. You know, just let him train, let him shoot a fucking bow and arrow at a soccer ball. Let let him train. Like don't fucking pawn that guy out and have him do media everywhere.


Like leave his energy alone. Like you guys can do enough with promotion from his highlight reel. Do you know? But with the guy like Connor though, that fucking guy, like if he can get on the radio, if he can get on a talk show, if he can start talking shit, he'll the the number Danay dollar bills like fucking Scrooge McDuck could, you can See he's Like start throwing gold coins in the air. Connor was the best at it. What about the, a couple weeks ago Aaron Blanchfield versus what was the girl she was fighting? They they Mac it Macy Barber. Yeah. They canceled it as it was starting. They already did the package for the main event and then they found out that Macy Barber had like passed out. She had a, a seizure backstage. I don't wanna speak outta turn. So it's some sort of medical condition and she was in trouble and so they sent her to That's wild.


The hospital to get checked Out. Yeah. I mean they, they literally said, alright, now it's time for the main event. And then they were like, well nevermind. We're not doing it. Yeah, I don't, again, I don't wanna speak outta turn, but I think she might've had some health concerns. She's had a bunch of health concerns over the last couple of years. I think so. And then she missed weight, which is never a good sign. You know, and they miss weight usually something's off. Yeah. A lot of times they're injured or sick or something. But whatever it was, it sucks for That sucks for airfield. Dude, you just, she's actually from my hometown in Jersey. Oh, she's a beast dude. Yeah, she's a monster. Very good. Very young too. Were you gonna set him up? Say something shitty about her and then be like, I know her actually. Really? She's A dumb bitch. Oh, I grew up with her. What an ass. I was With Dave Porterfield.


You know, he's a big fan of Meatball. Molly McCann. Yeah. Who's great too. But he is like, I, I'm betting on Molly and I go and he is like, you think I go dude, like Erin Blanchfield is the truth. Like she's a fucking problem. Yeah. She's a problem. If she gets ahold of Molly and she just rag all her, If you were gonna, Pete Rose your own sport, how do you, you think you would hit good? Oh, I used to bet on it. Yeah. But I can't affect the outcome. Sure. So I used in the early days of the UFC when they first started having lines and sports books. I would bet. 'cause I would see, like, you'd see shit like Anderson Silva And it was like, if this isn't an 800 to one SVA, Travis Luter like okay Uhuh.


That was, that was different. Okay. Travis Luter lost that fight in my opinion because he cut too much weight. Travis, you think he would've won the fight? Travis Lu. He was. He had a mounted early in the fight. Yeah. Lemme tell you something, Travis looter's, Brazilian Juujitsu was fucking elite. Yeah. All the guys that I know that train with him like go, dude, he's like Ricardo Laborio level. They're like, he's special. Like he, he did the Ultimate Fighter and everybody was terrified. They're like, that motherfucker gets you on the ground, you're in trouble. Yeah. He's just a machine in Jiujitsu. So I saw him cut weight and he looked so bad, his lips were cracked. Wow. His face was sucked in and he was shuffling to the scale and he still didn't make weight.


He never made weight. Oh is that what happened? Title? It wasn't a title. Title, that's right. Yeah. He wouldn't have won the title if he won. That Was crazy. They used to give the winner, the Ultimate Fighter a title shot. Like back in the day that was like a crazy like just sort of like prize. Like it's just changed. It's turned into such more of a legitimate sport now that you can't just give like a win of a reality show a a title Fight. America's Got Talent used to give a million dollar prize and then one day they just changed. Like you'd just be part of an America's Got talent show in Vegas. Did they always give you a title fight? Is that I Think the first few seasons. Yeah. I think Travis had had a few fights in the UFC before that dude that was long after the Ultimate Fighter. I know I'm about 90% sure. 'cause I know he knocked out Marvin Eastman.


I remember that fight. And you know, he, he fought quite a few dudes. But the, the main theme was when Travis got ahold of you, you were fucked. And he got ahold of Anderson and Anderson looked, fuck it was early in the fight. But then he got, Anderson got him in a triangle. He just tired out and Anderson was blasting him from Anderson When he first came in. It was crazy If you saw that guy the day before you'd go, oh my God, how is this guy even alive? He should be taken to a hospital. Yeah, he looked so bad. I've seen a lot of people weigh in looking really bad. But Travis was the worst. So look at this. He's mounted on top of Anderson early in the fight too. Wow. He, I mean I skipped ahead. He had him, he was mounted for like two and a half Minutes. Yeah. I mean, but he just gassed out man.


I mean he just had nothing left. He lost too much weight man. And so then Anderson got him in a triangle and started fucking him up with elbows. So there came a point in time where you could see him visibly fading, you know? Yeah. I think if, look at that mount bro. Look how slick that is. I mean this dude is so slick. Travis was so dangerous man. He could have possibly submitted him, but he was just too big for the weight class. He shouldn't have been making that weight. So that's, that's my point. It's like, yeah, he was a alive dog in this fight is my point. Yeah, he was tired there. He was a danger. That wasn't even really an escape that Anderson did. He lost way too much weight. Dude, he was dead the day before. I mean dead. When I saw him dead he looked like he might die.


Have you ever gotten talked to a fighter about the psychology of like once you lose, like when you're just like this dominant force and once you lose like your whole thing change like Roy Jones Jr. Was overnight. Yeah, overnight. Overnight. Yeah. They said that one guy called him out and said he was ducking him. Antonio Tarver. Yeah, Tarver said he was ducking him then Antonio Tarver beat him then Glenn Johnson just beat him, knocked him through the ropes. It was just like, it became like, oh you can just beat him. But Glenn Johnson knocked him out where it was one of those scary ones where your arms are stiff. Yeah. And it didn't seem like he hit him that hard either. That was, it Seemed like it couldn't be real that it was happening. It was like two fights a row before. That was the fight was the fight I believe where he, he's hitting the guy and he tells the ref, he's like Stop the fight. And then the ref didn't and then he hit him a few more times. The end up. Yeah. Then he pa The Enzo like that was like two fights before it was just all over.


Yeah. But You know what happened? Roy went up to heavyweight and he fought John Ruiz. Yeah. And then he dropped back down to Light Heavyweight and that's a real problem. There's like you got knocked out. So it is like he's stiff dude. Like when you get knocked down and you're just like stiff here.


This episode is brought to you by simply Safe. Some things take time hunting, developing healthy habits, gardening, you have to wait months for a decent crop. But it's rewarding to see all your hard work and patients come to fruition. On the other hand, there are some things you just can't sleep on. Like your personal safety. And did you know most home security systems don't take action until it's too late. That's why I like Simply Safe. They aren't top of things helping you stop break-ins before they happen. Not after. They use a combination of live monitoring agents and AI powered cameras to keep an eye on your property and deter suspicious people. And you can use it to keep an eye on your garden that you've spent so much time and money on. Speaking of, that's another great thing about SimpliSafe the pricing. They have plans that started around a dollar a day with no hidden fees. What you see is what you get. There's a reason why millions of Americans continue to trust and use SimpliSafe. Don't wait. Get 50% off your new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and your first month free at simplisafe.com/rogan. That's simplisafe.com/rogan for 50% off in your first month free. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


This episode is brought to you by Eight Sleep. You guys must have heard about Eight Sleep by now. Right? You know the company with the sole mission of improving your sleep. So Eight Sleep has just launched a new product. The pod five. It's the latest generation of their signature innovation. A smart mattress cover that automatically regulates your body temperature throughout the night. The result you enjoy up to one full hour of additional quality sleep each night. Just put the pod five on top of your current mattress and let it work its magic. The AI driven autopilot will learn your sleep patterns and adjust your temperature elevation and wake up timing. And thanks to its built-in sensors, you get a personalized sleep report every morning. No need to wear any devices. Head over to Eight Sleep dot com slash rogan and use the code Rogan to get $350 off the pod. Five Ultra. You still get 30 days to try it at home and return it if you don't like it. But you will love it. I love it. I love mine. And your body will Thank you for this investment in better sleep. Eight Sleep shipping to countries worldwide. See details at Eight Sleep dot com slash rogan.


Ugh. Anderson Silva like that. Oh that's So awful. Wasn't it pretty much Anderson after the leg went in the fight? Yeah, like it was just like, he never really ca, he won fights since but he never really captured back. Like we're just going to watch him. We went first. UFC we ever went to was 1 0 1 in Philly. In Philly versus Forest Griffin. Griffin, a racist ass Philly that went That night for us in general was just a a, a hilarious thing. We went with, it was me, Dave and Luis. All three of us. This is, It was the first white boy weekend. First White boy weekend. We went to like a Oz Fest or Mayhem Fest and Maym. Yeah. And then UFC, Luis and Dave brought their friend who I was not getting along with and a girl who was, shout out Crypto Wests Crypto West.


We used to, Luis used to date a girl who became friends with the group sort of. And she came with us also And she was a, we will say she's a, she's a chunkier girl. This is back look, this is back in the day when I was younger. It's like if you become friends with a girl, like you can't separate friendship Luke, no one's gonna see her. You don't have to over explain that. You fucked the girl that wasn't hot. She Was really hot. I mean it's okay. Look, You know what I'm saying now I wouldn't have dated her. But yeah, she was a little bit of a chunkier girl and whatever it was that we were just, we were just talking shit like, you know, watching the fights, everyone's just being animals. We ended up getting to a thing with these guys in front of us. Like it was like, it was maybe th four, four of us and I wanna say maybe three of them.


We might've outnumbered them. No, I don't think so. At first it was just, there was like one or two guys just there. The other guys were gone. Yeah, we, Whatever. It was just, it's like a coyote trap to show you one coyote. The rest of 'em surround you. And we, we started talking shit with these guys. It just turned into like a, you know, well I don't think we, I mean we shouldn't make this up. We're not looking, none of us are looking for trouble guys. The guys were, I think we were talking and saying shit like being funny and I think they kind of were giving us like a why don't you guys shut the fuck up? Kind of. You know what I mean? We're being dickhead comedians and they're like really serious about watching an MMA fight right now. Oh First whatever in Philadelphia. Oh They turned around, they start talking shit. So then we start talking shit to them. We kind of chump the two guys and then their group of friends show up and they get wind that they just got chumped by these fucking loser Comedians.


Yeah. They left the nerds behind and they went and got merch. Yeah. Oh Boy. So then these guys came, came, You make the nerds get merch and you see what we're working with. It became a whole argument. These guys started talking shit to us. And by the way, we were above them. We could have fucking, we should have just, Oh higher ground, We should have just dominated these guys. But whatever had happened, we just didn't wanna fight and get kicked out. We're not like tough guys like that. So they start talking shit and then this is like, it's such fight. It's almost like when somebody spits on you, one of the guys goes, he was like, yo, fuck you and fuck your fat bitch too about the girl that I was seeing. And we all just acted like we didn't hear it. Everyone acted like we didn't hear it. We just communally agreed without even looking at each other. We were like, oh these guys, huh? She sat there the rest night. I can't believe these guys were ready to fight for everything except me.


When that was the final vote. He goes, oh well you should stick up for yourself lady. And then we just sat there. She's a big girl. She could have helped. Then we went outside and pretended like we were waiting to find them as a sea of 18,000 people being, we suck. Boy God. We did look like jerk offs there. But then that was so funny 'cause it was Philly, which historically hilariously racist city. And which fight was that? It was Forrest Griffin. Anderson Sanderson. Oh that one was crazy. So Forrest Griffin, I mean the, the applause he, when he came out the ovation he got, they couldn't wait. They loved him and they, he was Irish. They literally booed Anderson Silva and then Anderson Silva handled that hilariously and quick. Yeah. And and then when they FARs Griffin left immediately.


Yeah. He didn't stay. He ran right outta the ring, which was a thing. And then they, you know, they announced the thing goes, you're winner and still Anderson Silva and the place booed. It was such a sweet moment. 'cause Anderson Silva seems like his personality is good. Yeah, it seems like And and they were like booing and they had him on the big screen and Anderson Silva goes like, he almost had like a really like, and he is like holding the belt and they were like, yeah right. You son of a bitch. That was amazing. And then they cheered for him. Come on man. Strange. But we saw, we saw Boo like an 18-year-old or 19-year-old John Jones just walking around the arena that night. And I didn't know I would got into UFC way early. Me and my step pop used to get like, you know, ninja versus Summa wrestler. Oh wow. UFC And then when it got like rules and everyone was kinda like, you know, trying to start doing like actual MMA.


I lost track of it and Luis and Dave were super into it. So you guys walking around, that's Funny. When the rules came, you checked out. Checked out. Me and Dave, we, I mean became friends. We were roommates in Brooklyn. We would go to the blockbuster rent, the old UFCs. It was like ultimate knockouts, ultimate submissions. They had like a series of videos and who was it? Mark Leman. He would teach you how to do moves. Sure, yeah. Like in the, there was like a segment where it's like, hey kids at home? Yeah. Here how you do a fucking old empire. So me and Dave literally living in the shittiest, dirtiest apartment with a garbage everywhere and beer bottles everywhere. We would have grappling matches with our buddy Wests. My cauliflower ear didn't come from Juujitsu. This is from Dave Smith. He would dude, He would literally open hand smack.


We had open hand smacking rules. Political open hand smacked me in the ear. Pun political punt, political. Maybe the best political pundit alive. How weird Is that? I Know Dave. I'm gonna assassinate him. Dave was a Pothead Wigger who was grappling amongst garbage with me. That's so funny. That's how he started Was my couch for a couple years. Did You guys ever imagine he was gonna be that good like political commentary? I, You know what? I shouldn't say no. I didn't know he was going to go to be that kind of big in it. The fact that he is great at it doesn't surprise me at all. But it's his recalls nuts. It's interesting how like, 'cause I said this was just a guy at a time. I said we smoked pot, we essentially raised my daughter off a gay couple during the day. Then my ex-wife would come home and then we'd head into the city and meet up with Luis Comedy.


How many times did your ex-wife accuse you of doing gay shit with Dave Fights? You know what's funny? Before, one of the reasons I was able to give why I was leaving when I left was I went in her thing to see if she was, I was like, I just see if she's cheating also. Right? And I went through her computer And it was nothing about her cheating at all. It was several times looking up what to do when you find out your husband is gay. I was like, what? What? That's such a Cheap, imagine being a woman married to a guy and thinking he's secretly sneaking away in sucking Cock. That's a video that just went viral recently. The girl like caught her. Her boyfriend or husband. You look Staged. I saw that. You saw, You think it was staged?


I don't think so, dude. I don't think she's that good of an actress. I think a lot of these are staged. They might be. I mean I Think a lot of em were staged. She Was losing her mind. I like, you're fucking that guy. You're fucking him. Chris. Really Cheaters getting caught by their significant others though. As much as I felt that pain. I love those videos. That's a wrap show too. Remember the show Cheaters And it guy got stabbed on a boat? All fake. Yeah, all fake. All fake. I Believe it. I've talked to so many people who've worked at cheaters before and stuff and recently I wanted to be the host. They brought Peter Guns from Lord Tariq and Peter Guns Uptown Baby. Remember that song? Yeah. He became the newest host. Before him it was Gary or Clark Gable the third.


It was like Clark Gable's grandson. Seriously. It was like Clark Gable III or something. Jose. He died from a drug overdose. The original guy who hosted was a guy named Tommy Habib. He was pretty great at it. Then the little guy got stabbed. Fake, completely fake. Fake. Do you remember Morton Downey Jr. Of course. He was the best. The mouth. He was the best. Yeah. He would just smoke on the show and just yell at people. He's like, alright, so you're a Nazi. Here's the Jewish Defamation League. Let's bring him out the fight. Yeah. This is what's crazy. There was a guy who used to work as a doorman at one of the comedy clubs, like a wannabe comedian. He would also get jobs on these reality shows. And the way it would work, they'd call him up, Hey we're looking for someone whose brother had an affair with his wife.


And he just found out, he goes, what a coincidence. My brother just had. Like that would be the thing. They'd go, great, come on in. And we're looking for a guy who came back from Vietnam, very disillusioned, you know, whatever the fuck it is. They would, he would just say, they would say that to him and he'd go, great. And they knew it was bullshit and he would just show up and act it. And they would just give him a ru. So you came back from Vietnam and what did you discover there? And he, he would just start talking. Well, when it's real it goes bad. They had the one thing where the, the guy, it was Jenny Jones that ruined her fucking career completely. The guy. Oh the guy was in love with the Guy. Yeah. They were like, they were like, Hey I, I'll, I'll do the show but it's not gonna be a guy. Right. Who's like into me. And they were like, no, no, no. And then it was, it was this it.


Now he's friends with two people, A big F girl and a gay guy. And the big fat girl was sitting out there and he was like, oh shit, okay. And they go, no, no it's not her. And they bring out the guy and he says, he goes, oh you lied to me. And his face is real like embarrassed and he killed the gay guy later. And that ruined Jenny Jones' career completely. Yeah. You know Jenny Jones was a comic and she used to do like all girls night. So at the club, like you couldn't even be in the club. So they would do like a show where it would be all girl wait staff, all girl, everything. All girl Audience. It's the least funny show ever. If I talking About girl funny.


The service is slow, the math is wrong. And then she, the place security, the was queen of shit, No security. Latina gang fights in every bathroom. I think it was just a regular club. It's just, they just only got female staff to run everything. That's great. You sometimes see that it was like an all female comedy festival. You like Imagine if you try to do an all male comedy festival, it'd Be hilarious. We have at Skank Fest Good festival. Have you seen, that's a few girls Show Up there. Did you ever see that? There's like, I forget there's some shift in some town where their brag is like, and this shift is all a hundred percent female police officers. Like, well now we know the time and place. Dude, let's lose. Yeah. Take over this fucking city dude, Go do that with on a flight.


I wasn't on it, but I've seen it where it's like, I would like, just so you know, today all of the flight attendants and our captain and co-captain are female. You're like, what? Let me off off this fucking flight right now. Wasn't that the case in Toronto where the plane flipped upside down? I think that was that. That's the movie flight with Denzel Washington. No, no, no. They woke you up And they were like, Hey, do you Know how to beat the, she came in hot. She came in hot on the landing and flipped the plane. Oh Yeah. When it landed upside down I did. Yeah, yeah, yeah bro. Yeah. Yeah. I think that was one of 'em deals. If I get a female Uber driver, I rebook my Uber. Oh my God. They Drive so slow and buy like the the laws. Oh my God. Asian Woman. Get to Waymo. I did. I've been in Waymo twice 'cause I, yeah, I Dude an Asian woman driver is the worst.


It's a lot of that in New York City sometimes. Yeah, it's crazy. And they are slow and they do not change lanes. And it is brutal to sit there in the back and not yell. I know. And then they're going exactly at the speed limits. You can't complain. Yeah. Like please break the law. This is Crazy. You see that guy who was one of the producers of top gear in the uk, he got his license revoked. 'cause he went 24 miles an hour in a 20 mile an hour zone. He took his license away for six months. That's crazy Dude. Weird that I is England, that town needs a Mexican uprising. It sounds like. It Sounds Like they did an English uprising. That Is They do 20. It's fucking Bananas But it's 20. I was just driving from Manchester to London. When you get into London, the speed limit is 20 miles an hour.


That is so crazy. It's insane. How, How many kilometers per Hour is that? I don't know. But because the, my driver had it was in miles per hour, like his speedometer And it was 20 miles an hour he was going And it just feels like you're in slow motion. It's insane. Well Do they, why do they always use miles per hour? I think they use kilometers, right? No, I think they do. Yeah. Can they uses kilometers? I thought they use kilometers. But this car, this car specifically had miles per hour on the speedometer, aren't we? Like, But you're on the wrong side of the road. Yeah. Is that weird? I You're a bad driver on the right side of the Road. Well I wasn't driving. I did drive in in Jamaica so, 'cause that was an English owned country territory. So they're on the opposite side as well. And I rented mopeds when I was in Jamaica and you get used to it very quickly.


Mm. Like you think it's gonna really turn you around, but like whatever it is, your mind just flips it And it Like, no, as soon as I drive into Canada right away, we in Canada signs. I'm like, oh no. Oh no. Here we go. We gotta go. Go east. Yeah. Oast, OOST, Nord. How Many different countries use inches and miles an hour? Doesn't everybody use kilometers now? Doesn't everybody use the metric system? I still think they're wrong. It's Crazy. They tried it on us when I was in high school. Really? Yeah, they tried to re, they tried to introduce the metric systems if this is gonna be the thing that we all accept and everybody's like, eh. Yeah. Nah. Antiquated Not in this country. Bitch. I don't follow the Dewey decimal system either. Nope. Suck my dick. Old people. Oh Fuck your kilograms.


Yeah, It's a weird thing that one country just says, nah, we can't learn it. Fuck that. I mean, how many countries have it? How many countries have inches? I think it's maybe England. It says The UK USA and Canada keep miles per hour. Interesting. Oh, so is that, what is England has miles per hour. I Oh no. They have it like it's, it's double but it's, their main thing is definitely kilometers for sure. Yes. Everything else that's Whatever. Everything else is kilometers. So it's like, like six countries that have kilometer or miles per hour. Well I, Or inches. It's just weird that we didn't, I, I still don't know when I go to I like, I think Dick is inches in every You think so Place Dick.


Dick is is 36 diameters. Yeah. Talking About that 26,000 kilometers. Do You know what you guys know? What code do you guys have? A vast Majority guys have countries use kilometers per hour. 9% of the world uses miles per hour. Us being the notable example. Interesting. So it's all the uk I wasn't wrong When I was in England for the fights, they measure people in stone. So let's say 10 stone and then I Have no idea what that means. I think it's 230 pounds. I think it's, is it 13 pounds each stone? It's a weird old timey fucking measure. But you have to say it. You way was Based off of Stones? I think so Pounds probably. Yeah. Think it 14 pounds. So that would be 240 pounds, 10 stone.


I think it was actually like, like a fucking scale. Just a scale with like the personal one side and Stones on the other. I think it's what it comes from. I do like England though. It's shitty food, but it's still just a cool, like London's a cool Town. You like being the only circumcised person in a room be piece of shit. So no 10 stones, 140 pounds. Right. You said, you said it's 14 pounds per Yeah. Okay. 20 stone be 240 pounds. So then you'd have to say the, the like eight, like five stone, nine ounces. Then say the fucking pounds afterwards. That's a lot. It was, it's weird. Like why we talking about weird things to keep holding onto stone. Yeah. That's a strange one. Do you go and see the places in any of those weird destinations for UFC? I definitely have. Yeah.


Yeah. London's cool. It's interesting, you, you, you'd go into a bar that's a 500 year old place. It's weird. Yeah. Like there's some old shit in that town. Oh yeah. You know, and You see how New York was like designed after it so much. Yeah. Yeah. London's a cool town. I like, I like honestly if I like cities that remind me of New York. So like I love Rome. Rome's like the OG New York. Right. It's fucking really cool. How so? I don't think you're wrong. I've never been. How's it like New York? It's Just, it feels like, because back in the day, like the most She of Pope, you cock sucker, It's like the hub. It's like very fast moving. Yeah. They were, they were more advanced than everyone. They were just like, you know, architecturally, technologically, they, they were way ahead of their time with everything.


That's St. Peter's Basilica is bananas. So cool. I, I think about that all the time. I think about it all the time. Like the amount of work involved in making something that spectacular. The cyan chapel's fucking nuts dude. Insane. Michelangelo went blind painting it. Yeah. Like he was on scaffolding and like paint was just dripping into his eye and he sort of going mad and fucking, oh God, it's so cool. And the details. And he wasn't even a painter, which is the craziest thing. He wasn't like, he wasn't, that wasn't by trade what he did. He was just a genius and could like emulate like that crazy ass art. He could do anything. His sculptures were insane. Yeah. The fucking art in the Vatican too is nuts. Yeah. When you are walking through the place, you're like, how much money is all this worth? Like this Is crazy.


Crazy. It's the biggest art museum in the world. And I'm going again. I wrote my son a few years ago on a father son trip and he, I mean he was a little, he was eight years old. We, we did a four hour tour. We could have done an eight hour tour. It was so cool. It was just ne never ending. Just every room was more awesome than the next They, the big map room. Did you see that? They had like a map. It was like, you know, 150 feet wide fucking however many feet tall. Yeah. And it was 99% accurate whatever year it was that they made it. It was like, I don't know how like hundreds and hundreds of years ago. 99% accurate, drawn by hand. Crazy. I can't even begin to tell you how, like, I have no idea how that could possibly be done. Luis Swore to me today he was gonna crowbar an art talk. I did. He Said in the car, he goes, I bet I can get Joe talk art.


How about the Books? I said, he's gonna think it's gay. And he was like, I be, he doesn't, It's funny that art would be gay, you know? Yeah. It's when you, the books that they have too, they have a crazy library. Yeah. Of like, they probably have some books from the Library of Alexandria. They got tucked away in there. Well, apparently the deeper you go, like the more like exotic. The shit is, there's like levels that you can only have access to if you're like a king or a fucking, That's why I believe people are capable of hiding UFO information. That's why I believe people are capable of, 'cause they're people capable of hiding all kinds of shit. But What's, you know, hiding England shit. No one gives a fuck. Hey Jay Hunt. What are they hiding in their salt things for their food tastes good.


The King's list. Yeah. This is when we had dragons, But yeah, yeah, yeah. The history of Dragons been stifled by London. Doesn't J doesn't travel. He won't go to other countries. I'm trying to get him to do shows like in the uk. Just, I mean they have the internet. Well you gotta figure New York to LA is a six hour flight. New York to Amsterdam is a seven hour flight. Lemme tell you something. I've done everything I did overseas. I did probably, or most things I should say, probably a little young in comedy and intimidated myself on the situations. Gone. Well it's not because you're forcing gone back. You Can't go to like a nice, nice restaurant or like, you you Well than that. When I was in South Africa, I was wealthy.


Dude, it's their money is Gar b. But, but no, but I'm telling you, I've, and I've enjoyed some of the places when I've gone to them. It's just like I am such a, a regular idiot that I'm just like, I'm not gonna understand the food. And what, what am I gonna plug my stuff into? Doesn't it explode if it's wrong? Dude, Amsterdam is so when you go through blows, when you walk through the Red light district, like the places where You can buy like snacks, like, do you know how many, dude, it's so funny. They have like, like hot dogs on like pizza buns. It's so for like dumb Americans to be like, no, a hot dog on a pizza bun. You fucking just eat this terrible shit. Chocolate Taco Chocolate tacos are great. Cho taco chocolate Tacos a fucking badass.


I get it. Jay, why travel? Fuck it. I, yeah, I follow the kid Rock credo. I just try to get famous here. Let's just handle it here. Yeah. This is the best place to be Famous if you can get famous. Yeah. Who does it better than Kid Rock? He's got nobody guys's really figured it out. Also by gunning down that Miller Light, you know, bud Light, bud Light rather that Bud Light thing, like gunned down those cans. Like that was like one of the craziest moments in the economy. Like that fucking the Bud Light stock dropped like a rock. Like that moment when Kid rock guns down the Bud Light Kid Rock. Maybe though if we were gonna appoint him something he should make the Minister of Beer. Like he should be the person deciding what beer we should have.


I'll accept that. 'cause his friendship with the president is hilarious. It's funny and wacky. There's been no other thing like that ever. Do You know what I mean? You never found out like, oh, bill Clinton and Iversson kick it once in a while. Right? Right. But that never Happened. Well there was, what the fuck's his Name? Oh, Bobby Brown and fucking Joe Biden fucking golf and Crush Ass together. What the fuck's his name? That's friends with Kim Jong-Un. Rodman. Rodman. Yeah. Dennis Rodman. Rodman goes over there and hangs with Kim Jong-Un. It's the best documentary. Did you ever see a documentary? No. Oh. Treat Yourself as soon as humanly possible to Dennis Rodman's Big Bang in Pon Yang. Oh Boy. It starts off as him going over there believing he's doing something diplomatic. And then they go, all right, so you're gonna go home and gather up some players and come here.


And the documentary filmmaker goes on the flight back when they were coming back now to North Korea. He goes, oh, I noticed from the last time that Dennis has started drinking again. And he was supposed to be like, stop drinking completely. And then the documentary takes off 'cause it's just Dennis Robin fucking up in North Korea for two hours. Oh no. So he first comes in, drunkenly starts bowing everybody. It's not a bowing culture. So that's pretty hilarious. He treats the North Koreans like they're dolls. He'll like grab them and make them come sing karaoke and just points at them like while they sing. He just dominates the room and everyone's afraid of 'em and everyone hates 'em. Oh no. It's one of the best documentaries. Is there a trailer?


A trailer? What A crazy thing to go hang out with a dictator. Yeah.


Fight Night isn't just for fighters. Step into the action with Draftking Sportsbook in your corner. As the official sports betting partner of the UFC, DraftKings brings the action to your fingertips. Every strike, take down knockout. It all hits different when you've got skin in the game. New to betting, no problem. Start simple. Pick a fighter to win. Place your bet and you're in even better. New customers can bet just five bucks and get $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins, it's the easiest way to score big on fight night. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app now and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. If You or somebody you know has a gambling problem, call the Virginia problem Gambling helpline at 8 8 8 5 3 2 3521 and over Virginia only eligibility restrictions apply. Bet must win to receive reward minimum minus 500 odds required. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio.


We all know Americans are still recovering from years of surging prices. Now some in Congress wanna make cuts to Medicaid. A program that provides critical healthcare to 72 million struggling Americans, including veterans, people with disabilities, kids and your friends and neighbors. 40% of American births are covered by Medicaid. And Medicaid covers healthcare costs for a third of children with cancer. Working families rely on this program. It has 77% support. Nearly nine in 10 Americans oppose Medicaid cuts. Did you know that 12 million Medicaid families live in rural communities? Many of these people voted for President Trump, but they didn't vote for this. If Congress cuts Medicaid, a lot of rural hospitals could close and a lot of rural families will be hurt. No matter how you look at it. Cutting Medicaid just doesn't make sense. Tell Congress not to cut Medicaid, our health and our communities to depend on it. Paid for by the coalition to strengthen America's healthcare.


Oh yeah. Oh, also Jon. Oh kid basketball. Come on Over. Kim Jong-un also does not want much to do with Dennis Robin. What? Like after his meltdown, he like, he like stiffs him. He like Has Dennis Robin meet him at his like chalet and then he is not there. Whoa. And it iss just Dennis Robin crying. Is this at the trailer? Oh, We are here today for Dennis Rodman to make a historic announcement following his recent visit to North Korea. The Ministry of Sports and the DPR Korea Invites. Mr. Dennis. I just realize how much influence stylistically you take from Dennis Rodman. Jay. Almost the same guy. A lot of people say Mr. Rodman is on a private trip and our views about North Korea have not changed.


You know, you got the jcs, the Beyonces, stuff like that. None of these people in the world are doing what I'm doing. I'm concerned as many Americans are about giving a birthday present to a man who is seen. Wait, pause it for one second. This that, do you remember that interview when EPN? No. So they had him and the players that agreed to play go on there and he loses his mind. Dennis Robin. But in the documentary, they show you the whole buildup to that, which is the guy's meeting without Dennis Robman. They're like, Dennis is a little off his rocker right now and America's turning on us. We're gonna do this interview with CNN while Dennis is asleep.


Hung over and we'll just do it. Just us. And we'll be able to explain this better that we're just trying to be diplomatic and do something here. And then Dennis Robin wakes up and finds out they're doing that. Oh my God. And he just barges on and he just cuts a wrestling promo on this and he is just s slobber filled. And it makes no sense. Who just had His uncle execute I'm ass. What the hell you think I'm sending you? Look at these guys. Look at Them. Oh, so great.


Do you have to let the Koreans win When you go over there? Oh, it didn't matter. The Koreans did. The game was such nonsense. Like at first it was the Americans verse them, they, this Koreans kept up with them because they're good and they're giving a shit and trying. Dennis Robbins stops playing. He just changed that of his thing and puts on street clothes and goes and hangs out with Kim Jong Kim Jong-il right away. And then he goes at halftime he just goes, some people switch jerseys. And then he goes, so we could play together. And he just has them play. He also has the audience try to sing a long happy birthday to Kim Jong-un when he starts the game and the audience doesn't know what he's singing.


So they just start clapping too fast while he's singing. It's, it's really, it's too fantastic Hours of television I recommended Highly. Highly. Wow. I love that. Kind of just brazen, not seeing it. What's happening around you? Like everyone's hating him and he's just like, I'm killing it. I can't believe how good he is doing. That's crazy. So he doesn't go over there anymore? No. Well I don't think so. I'm sure he still drinks though. You stop drinking. How is protect our parks with no drinking? It was fun. And you're the only one not drinking there. Yeah. But then at some point, aren't you ra like wrangling three? Yeah. People who are blackout drunk. But it's okay. I've been blackout drunk. I know what it feels like.


It's, it's not bad. It's just for, for health purposes. I was like, I work out so much and I take care of my body. Like why am I poisoning it all the time? And I said, let me just take a break. And I just take a break and I was like, God, why do I need it? I was like, what am I doing? Like everybody's like, do you wanna drink? Yeah, let's have a drink. But sometimes you're just like, what? It is just like a force of habit, you know, have a drink every time I do a set, have a whiskey, have a shot before I go on stage. And You feel, feel like you're doing something, you feel bored when everyone else is drinking. Yeah, but it's really no, like I have way more energy when I'm not drinking. Yeah. I could stay up and like be present. Like I, I wanna, I wanna be in bed by 11 o'clock if I'm drinking or smoking weed. Dude, I've had three months off and I haven't had one bad day. So I haven't had one day physically where I feel like shit.


Yeah, that has to be it. Well The other side is your metabolism. When I stopped drinking I got really like just an incredible shape. And as you're getting older, like even just like whatever it does to like my metabolism and everybody's different, but it was like a huge difference in terms of how I felt in the gym. Yeah. What? How much I could run, how much I could lift. It's fun. It's fun Poison. Yeah. It's fun's. Well my doctor got A little lit. My doctor said those exact words. He was like, he was like, you're poisoning yourself. He was like, it's up to you. If you wanna poison yourself a little bit, that's fine. Or a lot, you know, that's okay too. But That guy sounds fun. Yeah, they were trying to save for a while that like one Fun doctor, His name not not feel good. Remember they were trying to save for a while. That one drink a night is probably good for you.


Oh, like a glass of red wine. Yeah. It's good for your heart, your blood. Do You know what The problem with that is? Aura rings. If you have an aura ring, you wear one of those things and then you have one drink, you'll notice a difference in your sleep. It's significant. It's real. It's measurable. Oh, if you Have a couple tried, I try not to track anything that's gonna be bad news. Yeah. They're like, hey should get a sleep study goes. Why did no for a fact that I die 27 times a night. Yeah. Isn't like things you can do where you see a doctor and they're gonna like be able to essentially predict within a couple years of when you're actually gonna die. No, That's to Joe Rogan doctors probably. Yeah. I wanna know Joe, who's he send Bert to where they come and they put him in that machine like Luke Skywalker on Hth and they come out and they're like, if you eat be, if you never eat beans again, you'll live to 105. Bert is gonna need more than that.


Every time I see him he looks more like a grape, like settle down boy. He's capable of doing it on his own though. Bert has incredible willpower. Like Bert wants to, he You can a lot weight hec. He just drinks so much. It's part of his thing, you know. So I feel he feels like I I, I shouldn't put words in his mouth, but he almost like, am I Burt er if I'm like getting fucked up and having fun with the fans like that. Like If he does a show and he doesn't take his shirt off, people will boo. Yeah. But he wants to to take His, we fucking paid to see tents. I think he wants to take his shirt off and they want it to come off. A hundred percent. Yeah, I do too, Too. I told, I told I love it. I run to the balcony when he is about to take his shirt off. Last time I did because there's a big cheer the pop, when he takes his shirt off, everybody goes crazy. It's fun. When I did a Bird's Pocket last time, I was like, stop letting everybody get in your head about like all these complaints are about Bert being the same person that we all are.


Yeah. And also who he is. But it's like now it's all of a sudden like, you know, he worries about that shit and I'm like, Bert, people want you to take your shirt off and they wanna hear your stories about your family. You're letting people go like, well you don't do it like this person. It's like, well you don't tell jokes like Mark Norman. You know, that's not what your thing is. So it's not a thing to worry about. He reads the comments. That's the problem. You read the comments he'll fuck with your head. No matter how mentally strong you are, if you're reading a bunch of opinions about you, it'll fuck with your head. Yeah. And it's all, it's, it's just like the same people who go onto to Yelp and write reviews. It's just people that wanna complain. So when you go into social media, yes. It's just like you get, it feels like, like I have a pretty decent fan base like Legion Gangs. We have a really like healthy fan base and then there's like 30 Dudes.


They're not healthy But not physically healthy. But there's like 30 dudes who hate me and want my son to die. And if you go on to Twitter, I'll just see that And it does like fuck with you. It's not good. Yeah. It's, it's all 30 of his followers. Yeah. But there's a lot of crazy people out there. There's and there's also a lot of kids that just wanna get a rise outta you, you know? Right. There's a lot of things going on. There's a lot of people that wanna fuck with your head. But it's almost all unhappy people. Unfortunately. Well I just learned out very quickly though. Like the ones that I have responded to, even when I respond, like my thing was always to respond kind of funny. I'm not getting into fights. Yeah. Or so be someone, write like a two paragraphs about how terrible I am and I would be like, you know, come on Jimbo, you don't mean it. And then how much they write, I mean without fail almost hundred percent of the time they're like, dude, just being a piece of shit man.


I had a crappy day. Love you dude. Listen every day to whatever. We meet Him in his life. Sometimes you'll see there's one guy who tweets at me almost every day where he says, Luis sha Gomez has lip fillers and he's trying to get this to be a thing to catch on. And then like, like every day he's trolling me and I'm like this fucking guy. And it like, for maybe two years, Luis J almost has lip fillers. He'll respond to everything other people tweet at me. He is like, just so you know, you're, you're talking to somebody who has lip fillers and I don't have lip, I just have beautiful Puerto Rican lips. This guy showed up At show. He had little, he had a little work Dude. He showed up at a show in lip Fillers are Wild for a dude. That's wild. He showed up at a show Raleigh, North Carolina with a t-shirt that said Luis j Gomez has lip fillers. And then I was like, I should bite your fucking nose off your face.


Whatcha you doing? But he's just like, oh no, I'm a fan. Like, it's hilarious. He's just being silly. He used just being silly every day. He's just being silly. Yeah. Yeah. That's part of the fun of being a fan. Yeah. You know. No, I know. A Rise outta you at worked. I know. So I just steer clear. He got, It's in the front row. He got, He Got ya. I steer clear of the comment. Just 'cause that, yeah. It's like, I don't know, I'd rather just meet people and if they show up, I guess they're fans. They're so sweet and person. 'cause Skank Fest is like, half of them are like people that were on Reddit and trolling and you go to SK Fest And it is just thousands of people that are like, yeah. Just it's love. They Really fucking sk fist particularly. It's like, you know, they say, how many times in your life have you walked by a murderer? It's like, how many times a sk fist. I walk by, take a picture and shake hands with somebody who was like, dude, you used to be good, but you suck dick at comedy now.


Like all right. You're always gonna get guys like that. There was one guy who was a fan of ours in the old school when we were at the creek and cave back in New York. There was a dude who was, he used to wear black glasses, long black hair. And he was at every episode he ended up murdering his mother. Oh Jesus Christ. Murdering his mother and like, And then becoming great friends with Doug Stanhill became with murdered His mother friends like a jail pen pal with Stanhope. Whoa. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It was pretty funny. He, when he got out, he's out. He like lives in like a halfway house type thing now. 'cause it was a mental issue that he did that. Which is kill mom. Clearly. If, If you kill your mom, well, you know, she might've been a bitch. She'd have to do something really bad If you kill your mom. I feel like I don't care. Obviously you have mental issues. Yeah. Duh. Like Yeah. But he was in the, he had that, when he called us, he described it.


It was like, it was like he thought she was like a demon that he had to stop before she got out in the world. Like he went, he went crazy. Ooh. But I still feel like you should lock that guy up. You wasn't paying attention to BJ Penn stuff. He's, He's like losing it. Right. PJ Penn claims that his family are imposters. That someone is kidnapped his family and replaced them. Oh Yeah. That's a very, yeah. They, isn't it funny when they hit the with mania and manic shit like that and bipolar with those kind of things. Like they really, like they're textbook that if you look it, 'cause I've looked it up before. You look it up, it's texting one sentence at a time or a newfound thing in like religion. Mm. And like being serious about it all of a sudden.


Like it's always been that way And it weird. And they always have those things and that's one of them too. Like everyone's, everyone's fake. Right. Everyone in my life's been replaced with somebody else, like called something particularly Some of 'em think they have a chip in their head and people are talking to them. Yeah. Yeah. It's very, very think. There's a lot of that. A lot of that is they have a chip in their head. Well this guy who killed his mom and Doug Steno became friends with, Doug was doing a Zoom SKS one time episode with us. And he had that guy call in and you know, we were asking him kind of about what happened and he was, you know, he gave a very compelling story and we were saying goodbye to him. He goes, he goes, I just, you remember this? He goes, I just wanna say, you know, when I was going through all that horrible stuff and the last several years it had been so difficult and terrible and my family hating me.


And, but I still always, man, I listen to you guys and laugh and I just wanna say that I love you guys. And I was like, well I think, I think I speak for the group and I say whew. Because we all are aware of what you'll do if you feel someone is a problem. So Yeah. Or a demon. Yeah. Or possibly a demon. Yeah. See I'm, the point is we have some great fans. Yeah. Yeah. Well be part of their mom. What you guys are doing on Record, you guys are doing something really fun. You're getting all the misfits together, you know, and you're, you're celebrating comedy. It's like a real comedy, like a comics festival. Like the comics look forward to it. Everybody loves it. Everybody talks so highly of it.


You know, and everybody says the vibe is so fun because they, they just go there to see like, you know, people were real upset when Luis CK started to come back into the public eye. Yeah. But one of my favorite moments is when he went up at SK Fest, they didn't know he was gonna be there. That Was the first time he performed in America after he got canceled. It was awesome. Yeah. It was awesome. And it was, it was. I mean it was wild. And what's beautiful about the fans, they're educated comedy fans. So we didn't even have to tell them to not pull out their cell phones. Yeah. Not a single person took video. Not a single person. Like this opportunity. Well they definitely did because I watched the video. I No, no, no, no. It's Luis. Just you. Okay. I took that video of Justin Silver announcing ladies and gentlemen. Oh that's great. You know, a special guest. And I didn't take it any of his set. It was just him walking on a stage standing ovation. It made TMZ.


It was fucking really cool. I mean I was, I was, I was a pig in shit. I went outside, I got emotional. I was like, that was fucking so cool. That's cool. What was really neat about, what's funny about that moment was I was with Soder Dan Soder and I was like, I was like, you wanna come outside? I'm gonna smoke a joint outside. He goes, yeah, sure. And as we were just walking through that room, I wasn't even thinking about it. They go, he goes, oh, you know, he goes, we should watch Luis. Come on real quick. And I'm like, oh yeah, sure. I didn't even overthink of the moment you were about to watch was so crazy. It Was awesome. It was really, it was really cool. Like that was, that was cool. That was like one of the coolest moments at the festival. That and then the tough crowd. We did a tough crowd reunion at SK Fest in Brooklyn a few years ago. I just having everybody from Tough Crowd get together and That's awesome. Yeah. Colin, you know, being at the head of it. That was awesome.


That Was one of the best shows ever. He should, He should just make it a podcast. 100. It would be a huge podcast Percent. 100%. I wonder if he has the name, if he owns the name. I think he does crap. But then he should Definitely do it. I think he does. I think he just doesn't want to. I Think, well it might be something that someone needs to offer it to him and put it together. You know, like if someone, like It could be something if you said it, he'd be like, I never even thought of that until this moment. Seriously. A lot of people have a lot. He's, he's been approached with it. He was great at the club. He was at the club a couple weeks Ago. He's Awesome. Colin awesome fucking, He was great. All the comics that worked there, they all like lined up to watch him, you know? Yeah. I mean he's a real, like, he's just such a pro. It's Also his after so long, so far Material's so interesting. Yeah.


He's such an interesting guy. Well he does, the one man shows are fantastic. When I, the last time I did a tough crowd, he warmed up the crowd and so he's doing standup in front of the crowd and he was fucking murdering. I'm like, this is way better than even tough crowd. Like he's one of the most underrated guys of all time. Yeah. You know, like all his comics know how funny he is. He's like a real comics comic and every, every, he's like in the top three for, it's like a, it's like a tell like he's there. It's always like top three for every comedian. It was also though, that place was like the Shark Tank though for something when they got Oh yeah, that fan. I never felt bad for somebody more in my life. That's, they had him on there and the only segment that was produced of Tough Crowd you remember was the last one.


You had to write and give them like the, whatever your little rant was gonna be about the la You did it once, right? I did it once. Yeah. About that final topic. That was the only like homework you had to do at all. And that fan was clearly gonna do something about like his mother and do the voice or something. Mm. And Patrice, right before he like was about to do his part, his fourth segment thing. He goes, Hey, let's see if you can do two minutes without talking doing your mom vaccine. Oh then no. And then, and then Vos and all those guys just like started pouncing on him and then he just had to go like, Hey you guys. So my mother called me like, oh, oh you had to do it still. That's to do. That's all we prepared.


Ooh man. That was, but it was like in the like an OG podcast before podcasting was podcasting. Like just a bunch of comics sitting around just barking at each other. Arguing. Yep. So fun. It was fun. Way ahead of its time. But then again, like Regis and Kathy Lee was a podcast technically too, Technically if you really think about it. Yeah. The view, all these shows. I Think Opie and Anthony was the big start of it all. Yeah, for sure. That was what started off for me. 'cause that was the first time I was ever on a show where it was no structure, it was just comics. Oh shoot the shit. Yeah. Like we all could be on Oppi Anthony. We'd be having this exact same conversation except Norton and Kuia and Oi be here. Same fucking conversation. Yeah. You know, it was just, they let you go. I was more of a Howard Stern guy, you know, inside. No, so were you as well.


But without Op and Anthony like shows like Legion of Skanks wouldn't exist. Like that's the truth. Like we also, there's a lot of fans that are just like, just these 50-year-old truckers that are just like, we need something. And Our generation was having a much harder time. Like it wasn't like back in the day when Stern was Howard Stern was bringing on comics. All the comics. 'cause that was like his crew. He was trying to build up like we were past that. Right. So we had no, there was no like show that was like that for anybody. Which, except for OP Anthony. I was Ron and Fez. You remember Ron and FEZs show? Sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's the show that kind of like took me in, that I jogged with best. Yeah. That was a lot of fun. Ron Bennington's fucking great. He's Hilarious. He's the best. So Funny. Yeah, There's like, you know, there's a whole, you could track like, like ancient man, you know, like fucking prehistoric.


You can track podcasts to where it is, But it's like, oh without a doubt. How about Mark Marin just quitting. I Know. Crazy. He's done. He said he's hanging it up. Not fun anymore. The, yeah, but like Opie and Anthony, what they did different than Sterns, they put comics on, there was a few comics that would come on Stern. They would interview like, but they were mega stars. OIE and Anthony figured out they could put three or four comics in a room and create like a beautiful chaos. And it was just gonna be people bouncing off each other. You'd create these moments that nobody knew was gonna happen. Really cool. Stern did not believe in that. You Want a cigar? I'll take a cigar. Hell yeah, dude. That's what I'm talking about. I love a good cigar. Yeah. Stern's thing now is for comics. Oh, stern. It sucks Now.


Now it has to be. I know, it's really, it's funny. Like I was one of the last people to check out. Yeah, You like to stern Way too late. I still listen. I still arbitrarily just go to it. And I think he's the best that ever did it. I think he, I give him all the kudos in the world. Without Him there would be nothing. None of it. I give him all the kudos in the world. It's just, I think the like, I don't think, I think his last like phase here might be like, I might be weirdly too young for it. Like possibly. Thank you. Like the interviews don't really, oh These are the rogue ones. These are good. These Are good. The interviews don't really strike me anymore. I really don't. He's not gonna get to anything that I care about with Sarah Jessica Parker. It's just not gonna get He's, yeah. I remember back in the day he made the guy one of those guys who died from LFO.


Remember that? That song from the nineties. What is that? Like Chinese food Makes me Sick. Some girls of summer. I don't know what that is. You're a real cigar guy. Look at you. You know how to burn before you Like it's a one hit. It's a one hit wonder. I don't remember it at all. Lfo. They were like around the same time as all the boy bands and they got pretty popular and he made one of those guys. So interesting. You got him to talk about fucking Jennifer Love Hewitt and then her dumping him. Oh. And the way he found out he was dumped, like she gave him a ring that was like a promise ring from her to him. And then he saw her and like a tabloid walking with another another guy and the guy had the same exact ring. That's just her ring she gives out. She's a wild girl. Yeah.


Giving out rings of dudes. I Know. She fucking aged like a goddamn plum though. She looks like shit. Oh no. It looks like shit. Now I feel bad. Say this is a big, too big of a platform to be really trashing a girlfriend not being pretty anymore. It's fucked up. Yeah. Back off of That. This is the way to do it. I mean, HIL it Better if you don't say it. Hillary Clinton. No, I mean, no Pamela Anderson. I mean God Damnit. Did she fall off? She was the hottest woman. She Stopped wearing makeup. She put it back on again. It didn't help a lot. But I will say no. She was Pamela Anderson. First of all, the documentary about her, they did on Netflix. Jay loves, loves, He loves documentaries. Jay loves the documentary, loves Love Them. The one they did about her on Netflix episode, he won't Read a book, but he'll watch a documentary all day long.


Books. Who's got time for books? But the thing about her made me like her, the one about Anna Nicole Smith made me realize what a piece of shit she was. I mean, terrible person it seemed like. And then Pam Anderson made me kinda like fall in love with her again. Where I'm like, this is a, she really is just like a dummy who just believes in love. Yeah. She's just like a sucker. No, She had, I actually had a couple moments where she talked about like during the Me Too movement, she was like, look, she was like, I got invited to every hotel room by every director in Hollywood. Yeah. She was like, I didn't go because I knew what the fuck they wanted. And she just kinda had a very real opinion on that whole sort of movement and what was going on. It's like, you know what's happening if you go to a hotel room with some fucking powerful guy, like, you know, you have to take a certain amount of, you know, accountability yourself.


And she had a very real take on it. Which I kind of respected. Well Hollywood had a long history doing that. Tarantino was telling me about this old school director that had a bedroom in his office And his name was Quentin Tarantino. His name was Tinton Corino. Dude, you fucking we talking about that. Right? Where he he in Desperado, was it Or No? Dust Dawn. Dust Dawn. Where he is like, That's Dave always. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. He is like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna have Salma Hayek shove her foot in somebody's mouth. You know what? I think it'll be me. I'll take that. Hilarious. I'm not gonna put George Clooney through the sweet sensation of sucking Salma Hayek's beautiful foot. Ah God. She was hot in that team.


He Played such a good serial killer in that fucking movie. That was great. Played. I just watched it like two weeks ago. Again. He played good Psycho. Yeah. He Was such a good psycho. I prefer black dust. Dust. Dawn called Sinners. I don't think Dust Dawn had enough of enough social commentary. I thought Sinners was great. People hate him. Sinners. I didn't see it. I thought it was really good. Dude was, it's fun. People tried to politicize everything. I'm like, it's just a fun vampire movie. Who cares? Yeah. You don't like a good vampire movie? No. Is it Politicized? No. I love, I love a good vampire movie Kind of. Yeah. They were saying this an An Attack on white culture. The annoyance of politicizing. Because The first, the first vampires were like white and they were like feasting on black people. And which, you know, black people would be more delicious. Yeah. Dark meat. But you very rarely, other than Blade, you very rarely get a black vampire. Yeah. Sweeter The Juice. You know what I'm saying? It's like, oh you remember Bula Ula?


You Aula. It had to be a comedy. It was No, it was a fucking movie. No, but it's a comedy. It's like a no Black Exploitation, right? Kind Of. I know, but it's supposed to be ridiculous. I Think it was a horror movie. I think it was a legit horror movie. Do you know that guy? It's a black vampire. Do you know Bula? Yeah. There It is. Bula. I found this out from that Peewee Herman documentary. Bula was the mailman on PeeWee's Playhouse. Oh no. What a wacky For real. Yeah. Really? Isn't that weird? Wow. Phil Hartman was on PeeWee's Play House Died hating him. What Phil Hartman did? Whatcha you talking about? Hated Peewee Herman when he died. No, still. Yeah. What makes You say that? That's a thing In the documentary, Phil Hartman hated Peewee Herman. Phil Hartman did an interview with Howard Stern. Howard Stern asked him about that and he was like, yeah, we don't speak anymore. And Oh wow.


He thought he didn't get enough credit. I think for PeeWee's. Big adventure and shit. Oh, that's unfortunate. Yeah. That's weird. 'cause Phil Was easy. Peewee Herman was a real bitchy queen. But very interesting. Phil Was easy to get along with. Like Phil was ask his wife, he was easy for me. I got along with him. Great. I love that guy. Andy. Dick. There was the problem. He Was fun man. He was just too wild, you know? But I did so many scenes with that dude where we had to do him Like three or four times. 'cause I couldn't stop laughing. I just couldn't stop breaking. Character Was hilarious. It's more just like sad what he's going through now. Everything's Like, yeah, it's not good. But He also just gets like, he's one of those guys, he's like letting himself get used by people I assume for drugs or something. But I mean like, I don't know.


Because he ends up on these like weird pods where it's like he's sleeping at some guy's house or something weird. It's not good. Yeah, He's out of it. And he was right there on the precipice with jury duty. I know Paul Shor's vehicle, jury duty. Right. He did other stuff too, man. He did that. That fucking war movie. What was the war movie they did? Oh, in the Army now. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. He That too, wasn't he? I think that's the one he did. I don't know if he, he may have done another one or two of them. They may have been trying to Farley spade them Farley spade 'em together. It's A funny dude though. Do you have hopes for Happy Gilmore too? Could it possibly be good? Yeah. Adam Sand Sandler still makes good stuff. He still makes good stuff comedy. Yeah, he does.


Those Netflix ones were good. Yeah, those Hu like They were funny. They're pretty Good. You like Huey Halloween or something? That They're funny man. They're funny. They're pretty good. If you're, you like Adam Sandler movies. I love Adam Sandler movies. I love silly movies. Like I love One When he played his own sister, what was that one? Jack and Jill. Jack and Jill's fucking hilarious. And Al Pacino's in love with her. Yeah. And she's a brute, it's, it's fucking fun. Yeah, I understand the rules. He's a great actor and I mean, happy Gilmore was so great, but I almost feel like There's no way this second one's gonna be good. It's just, they'll figure it out. I think they're gonna try to do too many throwback moments. This didn't whatever was the movie. They, they kind of did that with recently Fucking like this Coming to America part two. Yeah. Like they, they're just like, that was terrible.


Terrible. That was actually fucking terrible. And coming to America, I grew up on, first of all they made it PG 13. The original coming to America was rated R They Made a musical music numbers in it. It Was bad. But I have high, I look, I I will watch it. Oh, I thought Beetlejuice Beetlejuice people loved. I didn't like that. It's the same thing. I thought it was like, Yeah, You can't capture that first one. I thought Beetlejuice was pretty good. The new one. I thought it was, it was pretty good. Yeah. I liked it. It wasn't as good as the first one, but it's pretty good. I fucking loved it. The Soul Train, when they got on the Soul Train, it was all dead like resurrected black people dressed in like 1970s outfits dancing. Have you Seen it? I saw. I kept on falling asleep. I keep on turning it on and falling asleep. 20 minutes into it. Well It's, it's good man.


It's, it's pretty solid. I mean it is one of those Tim Burton movies just like a fun, weird fucking movie. You know? I love the first one, man. I didn't know Tim Burton made the first PeeWee's Big Adventure. Did He really? It was the first Tim Burton movie. Yeah. Oh, that makes sense. Was large Marge? I forgot to tell him. Large Marge. Large Marge. That Looked like the girl we brought to the UFC Then Kelly. You remember if they Would've call her that, we still would've kept our Heads down. She is large. Fuck bro. PeeWee's Playhouse was so fun. Or PeeWee's Big Adventure Brother was so fun. PeeWee's Playhouse was trippy. I didn't even know that. That's how like weird, like PeeWee's playoffs was meant to be like one of These spikes was for sale recently. Well I thought, how Much did it go for? Well Guess I'll let you Guess. Oh, a hundred thousand dollars.


It went For more than That. $500,000? No, it was 135,000. Wow. There's 14 bikes And it was one of 'em that was supposed to, It had no seat on it. It was a fun movie, man. Yeah. I would to see that with a girl I was dating in high school and we, we were like the only people in the movie theater. It was like one of them lucky moments. We were just fucking howling, howling laughing. First one was where the whole thing was always to have like nods for adults in it. What year? You know a kid's movie? Year 84. It was, it was totally like an anybody's movie. Yeah. It wasn't just like a kid's movie. It was an anybody movie. It was Pee. She was a little off. I was being a kid watching it being like, what's the fucking deal here? Big top Peewee all. It was just always a little bit weird. A little bit big Top. Peewee was, But that was his, he tried to do it himself and that's why that did terribly.


Oh Really? Because again, there's jokes and there no one gets, I forgot this. I saw it once when it first came out. Never saw again. He's got a make out scene with somebody that just goes on for like five straight. They just never stop. That's funny. Having them make out And it just keeps panning and further and further backwards. Like five and in the middle of the movie, five minutes of just like hardcore making out with it. Shit. Well, But I mean, when I was older, I think I would've gotten, I so because he had such, like he said he had a lot of Andy Warhol inspired stuff and reference. There was an episode of PeeWee's Big Adventure or PeeWee's Playhouse where he said two minutes. He just put dog food in a bowl And it was just like A-S-M-R-A closeup of a dog just eating the food for like two straight minutes. Which that would've weirded me out when I was a kid. Yeah, for sure. There was a lot of just, it was whatever it was, it was just a little bit off.


He got rolled up in one of the most bullshit cases ever. Oh, What? He got caught jerking off in the theater. He got Kurt jerking off in a gay movie theater. You're supposed to, that wasn't you supposed To, that didn't ruin him. Do that. Didn't ruin him the way he thought like that. In fact, I thought this was interesting when he did his first comeback was that Buffy the Vampire Slayer movie. And he made, he asked him to make his character look like his mugshot. That's why he looks like that. That's funny. He said they made him look like Charles Manson. Like a tough Did you watch it, Jamie? No, I saw clips of it. I was really into, I Mean it did, didn't it get his show canceled? Like No, the show was already done. Okay. Show was already done. I, but he was, he was out for A while then. He was in Blow. He was in That. No, he came back. He had a, he had a career cover for real. But after that, what took him down was, 'cause I thought you were saying he got caught up in the biggest bullshit, but he was caught up in that sweep that got Jeffrey Jones.


What's that? The, the, that's the, that was the principle from Ferris Buer. That guy got nailed with actual chop porn pornography. Oh. And, and he and Peewee Herman's friends with him. So they went and searched PeeWee's house and what they found, he's a collector. He's like a crazy collector. He's Got a big couch that can talk Yeah. A bunch of naked kids inside of it. No, you don't understand. I don't fuck with me. He eats them. No, he had like erotica from like the seventies. Oh yeah. In collections. That was like, and everyone was above age, but it just like, it was, it's considered obscene material. Oh no. When they went into his house. So Where was he living? California, I believe. And erotica.


Obscene. Erotica. He got nailed with obscene material charges. But he was lumped in with like pedophilia. The charge here is a little worse than that. What is it? Pleaded no contest in LA Court to charges of hiring a 14-year-old boy to pose for photographs. To pose for photographs. They leave that outta documentary. Maybe Put that in the documentary. Look at Jay Defending an actual Pedophile. I'm just saying he was a good guy. You gotta stay charge his documentary Of Oh man. Child porn was not part of the deal Though Joe. The first time we did your podcast, when you showed us all of your cool toys in your LA studio, I would've sucked your dick to do one of those things. Oh yeah. Which Toys? Oh, Your, like your, your compound bow.


I've Told, I've told this story so many times on podcasts. This is the first time we came here and it's all it ends so great. 'cause me, Dave and Luis all came in in LA and you took us first and you go check this out and you grabbed Compound Bow and you had the laser site And you could shoot it all the way across the full UFC gym had. And it looks So cool. We were all like just warming our hands up. Like we can't wait till we can do This. Then you put the bow down As I was reaching forward, I thought, and then you went over, you go there, the pool table. You broke a rack and sunk a few. Like cool. Then you open the door and you're like, here's where I freeze myself. Here's where I thought myself out here. We're like, wow. And then you go and here's my prize possession.


And you had the they do it for golf and stuff too, like the Kevlar screen. Yeah. Hunting. Yeah. And you had the flat tip. But I go, he probably wants us to do this one. 'cause it's the flat tips. No one's gonna get hurt and then you fucking wailed Two Elk and then you go, let's go Podcast boys. So I was like, he just showed us all the stories And it was like, don't touch them. Please. The problem with those toys is I can't teach you that quickly to use. I understand. We're gonna embarrass ourselves. We would've embarrassed ourselves big. But then we always say like how much Dave Smith came on for like talks with you after that individually, me and we wrote, me and Luis were like, why doesn't Joe embrace us the way he embraces Dave? And then someone brought up the pic, the first picture we ever took here. It's so funny. It's the werewolf.


I am standing behind the werewolf like I'm fucking it. Luis getting sucked off. Luis is Yeah. Acting like he's getting sucked off by the bear and Dave is just leaning in, touching it, going. I'm like, oh, You know what, Dave Had respect for you and your belongings We're like, oh, that explained. That's hilarious. The difference between us and Dave. That's hilarious. One of my Dave keeps going back. Dave is his hand on the head gently? Yeah. Is Dave in the Rogan sphere? We're trying to figure out how we get in the Rogan sphere. Yeah. My re sphere. Look, first of all Shane, right now you're here. Shane doesn't need the Rogan sphere anymore. Let's just move Shane out. Move big Jan in that position. Doesn't require the Rogan sphere. Always Moving to fucking Thailand.


Something. He's gone. I'm ready. He's not. I'm a wacky guy. I'll shave half of my head. Ari's gonna do a stint over there and bail. Agreed. No problem. I'm gonna talk to him one year. I'm call him up every day. Fuck that place. He'll do it. I'll call him up. Planted it in his head. I think we got Diaz coming here. Oh, so Austin. Yeah. That's great. Yeah, he's, we talked about it this weekend. I saw him in Jersey for the fights. He's The man. So he's back in the sphere. Fuck Yeah. On Jay. That was your position brother. There's plenty of room for you guys. You're in the sphere right now. You're on the show Every time the Rogan sphere gets talked about. We never get thing when Kat Williams said six unfunny comics did. We knew it wasn't us. I Knew it wasn't us. I would've been happy pb one of the six unfunny comics. Was it Ka was it probably his point? But what I was trying, he thought I wouldn't have him on.


I'm like, bro, I love you. He's so funny. I couldn't wait to have him on right away. I'm like, I've reached out to him right away. I go, that's not true. I just haven't reached out to you because I didn't know if you wanted to do it. Sure. Like I didn't know he wanted to do it. If he wanted, if I thought he wanted to do it, I would've had him on a long time ago. I was like, Interesting story. He might be one of my favorite like standups to watch a special of. Oh God. Because I have a hard time like laughing at like on TV specials. Pimp Chronicles. Dude, he's fucking so funny. Dude, bro. Pimp Chronicles. I'm not gonna lie, I need subtitles for it, but I I I genuinely don't know what he's saying. Pimp chronic. I know Catt Williams is very, very funny. Pimp Chronicles is a masterpiece. It's a masterpiece. He's so good. Why can, man, There's something about him when he's cooking too, when he's cooking, when he's like really on fire, it's different than everybody else.


He's sweating And you know, his, his fucking hair's throwing back and just the tone of his voice and the way repeats punchlines. It's like that guy gets cooking, man. Yeah, he gets cooking and you like, you watch the crowd. They're just falling outta chairs. He does Really long sets too. Right? He does like an hour and a half, You know. Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah. He's a beast. He's a beast. He's a wild boy. At least He knows how to drive too. I put him on the driving simulator. He fucking killed it. Oh. I always see him on world. Like he's been to a track on worldstar hip hop. He beats like pro athletes in races and shit all the time. I believe it. It's very weird. Yeah, I believe it. And he talks about, and he still, what's funny is he also dresses though like the old black guy who comes to play basketball. So it looks like he's not gonna be that good. And then he's like fast as shit. Remember you got beat up by a teenager?


Do you remember that? He did. He did. That's the funniest thing in the world when he Goes, watch this. This is him at our racing simulator by the way. He's doing it one hand. Gimme some volume. Get in there, get in there. There you, there he is. That's when you having to fight that competition off that corn cold. How accurate is the simulator? Pretty fucking good. It's got gravity. It it turns you side to side. Oh, cool. It has crazy noises. It feels like you're really driving. Yeah. And how do we do it like this? Because we do this in real life.


If he was driving Uber, he'd be making a personal phone call right now. Road The highway in the of America that will allow you to do this. The roads, the highways in the byways of America that allow you to do this so he can drive. He looks terrified. No, he looks like he's on it. Man. That steering wheel, that steering wheel will break your wrist if you're holding. Yeah, it's hard. It's it's not a game. No, it, the steering wheel reacts as if your tires would react on at high speeds. Put it's on a racetrack. Do you guys ever do a racetrack? You ever drive on a racetrack? No, I can't. I can't drive 35 miles an hour on a regular road. Joe. I do believe in full. I do believe in full truck. When I did Burt's tour, one of the things we performed at a race track and they had the pace car.


It was like a convertible. And they took us all for like a couple loops around, like individually. One time they wanted to film it and mine was so boring 'cause I was like smiling. It was exhilarating the whole time. But they were like, you know, Bert's giving them and people were going like, no, no, no, no, no. Like the corners are coming. And they were like, you didn't freak out at all. I go, I just had blind trust. They're not gonna kill us. Like, right. Like are they gonna put us in real? Like are we gonna start cartwheeling down the fucking road here? This, I assume they're not gonna do anything They don't know how to do perfectly. Yeah. This is why Bert's famous. 'cause Bert's fun and he reacts big and you just sat there like, I was just like, this was neat. Nobody wants to watch that. I know I shouldn't react. React watch screaming and fucking yelling and crying about your daughter.


Just be yourself, My daughter. Don't worry about what people want. Yeah. I can't scream at that. I gave you, remember when the first time you guys did my nails on the show? I freaked out about Oh yeah. Touching my cuticles. And now we gets them done your nails. Now we gets them done. No, he gets his nails painted by our Asian lady every week. Well, no, you have to once it's get done every other week, Luis. I'm not a diva. Is that a thing you think you feel connected to? Like, you have to keep doing that now? Yes. Is that Burt Er take your shirt off thing. Oh no, no, no. Not like that. No. It's more like connected To somehow Gayer. No, it's a gayer thing. No, it's connected to, I bit my nails forever. Got my teeth fixed. Can't bite my nails anymore. They grew in raggedy. I tried to take care of em myself and we just terrible at it. They got my nails on the show one time because I as a Bit, 'cause he, he, if you, if you just did this to Jay, look, if you show him you're pulling your cuticle back, he'll freak out for some reason.


It's a weird thing. So we had an Asian lady come in and we warned her. We were like, listen, the type of show the jokes we're gonna make. She was so cool. This like, literally she barely spoke any English, but she was such a fun time. And she did his nails on the show and he screamed like a girl the whole time. 'cause she Was pushing, I didn't scream. It was more like that. Like pull away. Like I was, I I did not enjoy it. Yeah. And then it became a thing where every week after that he came in with a new color nails Every other week. But it's the, I keep saying every week I'm not a gay man. I, no. But once they were done, then yeah. Once you can't really undo it. I know what to do now. I can't take care of 'em that good myself. I can't make 'em look like that. Just Go get it done. Who gives a fuck? Yeah. If that's what you like, get it done.


Yeah. Let's get their own quirks Luis. Leave 'em alone. Jesus. Hey Luis. You chose to have nipple rings that connect. I have one or had one nipple ring. I Can't believe you actually had one. I was kidding. I Had one. Yeah. Did did they connect like Xerxes? No, no. I had a nipple ring. I had a lip ring. I like Way Ring isn't the funniest thing. You had all those things when you bo like now you, my body Sucked. Yeah. Yeah. You never had a nipple ring. You Never had a nipple ring. Pecs. You had ring your tit. Tit. You know, so you look sexy in tank tops. I was so bad dude. Just a fat kid with a nipple ring for no reason. Why'd you get it done? I don't know. I just wanted to, I like tattoos and piercings and shit. I was young. I was Surprised though. I kept from being fat my whole life. Also, I kept my tattoos always to arms for the most part.


I never did ones that I would have to take my shirt off for people to see. Yeah. I wouldn't do a stomach tattoo. No, but you have like here. Oh, I have my chest tattoo. You'd your chest. It says on my own. I gotta warn my mom died. It Says on my own. On my own. I know. Isn't it ironic for a guy who owns a company and is has a thousand friends and collaborates with people and everything he does. He's on his own. Well he says on this side, coattail writers. So You figured out early on though, that the best way to not get pulled off of shit is to have your own network though. Yeah. Like Kuia did that. You guys did that. Yeah. Yeah. That's Such And It was funny is for, we were going like for a few years it almost seemed like pointless. 'cause Patreon got so big. Been with censorship with YouTube and all these other platforms now there's never been a better time for it. Yeah. Like we have an uncensored version of the show.


An ad free version of the show. YouTube. We can say anything we want YouTube. YouTube hunts us every time we get close to that plaque. We've had our four YouTube channels taken down In the 90. In the 90 something thousands of subscribers because Jesus Christ. They just start reviewing it then they're like, no, no way. He doesn't. What is the con? What gets pulled? What's it about? Most of the time it's actually our fucking dumb producers leaving in like nudity and shit like that. YouTube relaxes, moderation rules that to allow more controversial content. Like just today Though. Well, oh this Is today. Freedom of expression. Value may outweigh harm risk. That's Great. Wow. I love That. Good for YouTube. Fuck yeah. It's changing a little bit. Which is good. I was listen. Well the pendulum swings right?


We His podcast I was listening to the other day and I was like, he's wild. How is this? Corey's wild. He's so funny. All the words. All the words you're not allowed to say. Like, so we bleep out like all the no, no words. Right? And this includes discussions of elections, ideologies, movements, race, gender, sexuality, abortion, immigration and censorship. Beautiful. We're back. Woo. Not remove anything considered to be in the public interest. Oh dude. Interesting. Well, everything too. So we could do that. Abortion now in the air. Remember that? Live abortion, we've been putting that bit off for years. That would be a great bit. Everything Early term. Everything that You can discuss is in the public interest though. That's, you know, I'm glad they changed it to that. That's a great way of signing It.


Well it's a weird thing. Like, like jokes. Like specifically like I got, I got my on Instagram right now, they, I can't go live or advertise on Instagram for a year because I was talking about a bit that I did on my first special on Dan Soders podcast about how I would get free cocaine in Mexico. I went up the beach and like I would get samples of cocaine. Right. I sold the story about actually doing it and they flagged it and said we were promoting like a dr the sales of drugs and I'm fucking fucked for a year now. Jesus Christ. You know, it's like literally a joke. I'm just ju You did put up the number of the dealer though. You put up the dealer's number. No, no, no. But that's what I did. I would, I would go up and down the beach and I'd get a free sample of cocaine.


I'd go to the next guy, get another free sample of cocaine, go to the next guy. And I just did that all night until they caught on. There were three. You were the leader of the cartel. Yeah. They can get you for Rico charges now. Yeah. That was the Cabo Comedy Festival. The shittiest comedy festival ever. Like a decade ago. Cabo Comedy Festival. Then At the end of the night, I fucked like a 70-year-old woman. She was gross. Luis. Luis was Still hot with my girl. We brought to the UFC in Philly. Was she? No. You hooked up with a couple of hilarious ones. Old ladies. Yeah. Just like, oh ship. I think on ship rocked. One year you hooked up with a fucking doozy. Oh yeah. She had like a really thick smoker's voice. It's like, come to my cabin. Jesus, You're a little bit locked in on a cruise.


Especially a heavy metal cruise. Oh yeah. Heavy metal. Metal from the nineties. There's No hot chick on those cruises. Metals, metal crew. Yeah. We did a thing called Shiprock. Ve done in a bunch. Dude. I was watching this documentary today on the Black Sea where all those cargo ships wind up sinking. Have you ever seen ships going across the Black Sea? It's apparently like the most dangerous part of the ocean to cross For Luis. Where's the Black Sea? Because I see his eyes are crossing. I think It's across the top of the uk. I'm not exactly sure, but I watched this documentary about watching these fucking cargo ships get nailed by these monster waves. And I'm like, imagine being on a fucking cruise ship and some shit like that. Oh my God. It's terrifying dude.


Ade wave goes sideways. So where's it? That's the Black Sea. So where's that at? Turkey. Turkey. Yeah. Between Turkey. See if you can find some videos of cargo ships getting fucked up on the Black Sea. It's crazy. It's scary. The ocean's scary in general. Terrifying. The ocean is. I've been surfing before and I'm just, I'm just not good at it. Like you feel the power of the fucking ocean. It's Well, how about just the, I I've done those cruise ships enough to be like, it's just, if you Gopuff that boat, you're as good as dead. They won't stop. Look at this. It's snapped the cargo ship in two. The wave was so big it snapped this fucking ship in half. Fuck that. And this is nothing compared to some of the waves I've seen. Some of the waves are fucking bananas.


Apparently if you fall off a cruise ship, they, they can't stop the shit at The shit. They can't. There's Nothing they do. Look at this shit. Look at this shit. There's fuck that. If you fall off a cruise ship, they can't turn around and get you No. 'cause more death by fire. A year by sea. No, they have to like call the, the, like the, you know, coast Guard, coast Guard or whatever to come and find you. But you're dead. They give you coordinates that mean nothing. Yeah, they throw some fucking donuts out to you and you, you know. Oh Christ. That's it. There's no, and you have to Find the donuts in the ocean. The ocean's fucking flopped. The worst part of that, the worst part of that for, for me is that if I fell off, I'm holding onto a donut and hearing the sounds of Tesla slowly slink away. Oh, they're doing acoustic signs.


Shit. Take pictures. You bitch. Yeah, there's A, there's a cargo ship that's on fire right now and I forget which ocean but it's filled with EVs and apparently one of 'em caught fire in the middle of the ocean. That's why you can't put fucking electric cigarettes in your fucking suitcase. Right. Same thing. Yeah. I didn't pay attention to none of those rules. Remember when those Samsung phones were lighting people's cars on fire. Indian Coast Guard battles massive fire and container ship listed off Crow is, I don't, I don't think this is the one. It's an Indian. There's another one Jamie that is, that's uvs. It's all UV cars. Isn't There theoretically people in some of those cargo things, Cargo ship carrying uvs on fire.


Isn't that how they Or EVs, sorry. EVs not, sorry. Is that just the wire or is that how they get people over sometimes? Isn't there, people sometimes know those cargo Things. Oh yeah. No that's real. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. So that's Phil with electric cars. I wonder whose cars they are. It just says EVs. It doesn't say, if it was Teslas it would say cargo ship. Phil with Teslas, they would throw Elon onto the bus For sure. Yeah. I'm not sold in the electric car. They're great when they work. It's just like if you have 'em plugged into your house, it's the shit. Well you need, you never go to the gas station. You just plug it in. When you go to sleep at night, it's easy. I think you need your car to be more reliable than your phone. Well they're really reliable. The thing is about driving them like Teslas, they never fuck up.


I've had three, three of 'em. They, I've never had a problem. Really? Yeah, nothing. I had one problem with like a windshield wiper motor. It was simple. Do You get rid of them? Cause it wasn just it's time you a New one's A lease. I get a lease. So you get a new one? Yeah. Okay. So it's not like Yeah, you're not like, shit, this thing's starting to tear Out. No, no. Well they make 'em better every three years. When do they peter out? What's the death of a Tesla? It's good question. You can get 'em, you know, that are many years old. It's just their batteries degrade slightly over time. So like if it first comes from the factory with 340 miles, you know, after like 5, 6, 7, 8 years, it's probably got 280 miles or something like that. You know? So it's Just de efficiency kind of goes down. Yeah. But but for driving around town, like if you're just taking to commute, it's easy.


You just plug it in. When you go to bed at night, you don't ever have to go to the gas station again. Silent. They move faster than anything you've ever driven. I mean how, how quickly do you get a return on investment? 'cause the amount of money you save in gas has to be like, I don't know about that. I'm wondering about the miles things. That's what I'm saying. I remember like when I was a kid and you remember this too, like they would say, oh, like Hondas are the best because you can get 200 some thousand miles, 300,000 miles. I don't think that even exists anymore that a car is posted to. I think once Toyotas you buy, yeah, you buy a Tacoma. AC is first. Motherfuckers will last forever. I write, The reason I got, the reason I got the Acura was because last forever. Yeah. My, my buddy really Nick Rocha for, shout it. Nick Rochefort great comic. And he, he was like, dude, trust me. He was like, get an Acura. He was like, it'll last 250,000 miles.


Give it to my kid when he graduates high school. Like Just my friend Matt Farrah had a Lexus with a million miles on it. Yeah, That was the other option too. He said get a Lexus or an Acura. Those are the two that have the, the greatest resale value and also just the, the shelf life of the Car. I've got a ram in a Jeep America. America. Fuck yeah. Rams like this. When we, and we laugh at Toyota Tacomas. Get that little stupid rice burner outta here. I've had a couple of those Lexus SUVs, the five seventies l fucking great car. Yeah. Great. Comfortable as shit big. It's like, it's so smooth. I'll tell you it never fucks up. Never. They never have problems. Don't buy an Audi. I'll tell you that much. Why? I just totaled my Audi And it was, it wasn't The Audi's fault, It was a fender bender.


It was literally a fender bender. That Fender was going. Dude, that fender was softened up by all the other fender bender. Dude. Dude Who I was like, I was like for sure this is just an easy repair. They came, they were like, yeah this is totaled. Each headlight is like $5,000. It's insane. How much is Your car worth? The car was, I bought it at 70,000 when it was new. And then how long Ago was this? I had it for four years and then it depreciated the, it depreciated in value to like $25,000 and the damage was like $22,000. Wow. Yeah. Well most of that was the take off. The airbrushing you put on the side, you Puerto Rican dumbass. That's fucked. It was crazy. I was like, I was so bummed. You know what's a really great value? If you wanna get a car, get like a Mercedes S class from like five, six years ago.


Can we make a call? It's still amazing Honey. Mercedes S class you already here ordered for me. They're the old ones. An old Car. Yeah. Get 'em from, you can get 'em from like 10 years ago and they're fucking awesome. But they're was like super cheap. But they're so well engineered they'll never break. But for like less than like an accord, a brand new Accord. You can get a an S class from a while ago. Yeah, well I thought about that. Is it possible to get like an old car? Is there such thing as a brand new old car, old engine? What do you mean? Like what car? So could you buy a brand new 2019 car? Like what do they do with that one? Once it's Like for 20 nineteen's. Not even what I'm, I'm talking about like can you get like a 1997 Mustang and then somehow get a new, that kind of motor in it?


Original. Oh 100%. Like no computer, none of that shit. And it just like the one you can fix yourself. You Definitely can Brand new. Yeah. There's companies that'll do that for you for sure. They'll make a car with a carburetor. The whole deal. I talking about different, most of them don't though. Most of them use a crate engine. So what they'll do is like, they take an old car, like a 68 Mustang and they put a Coyote 5.0 in it. Like a modern Ford eight cylinder coyote engine in it. Yeah, The new Ones. So it has like an ECU. It has like what was like this little motherboard, like you program it, you know, And it electronic fuel injection. I used to have a Grand Cherokee that when I got outta the car sometimes to start it, I had to, I learned I had to get a hammer and hit a certain part of the engine and then it would start, I think it was the starter possibly.


You had the clank it And it did start And I just, why? I just get a new starter. Why you hit it with a hammer Just broke. Yeah. This is way back, way back in the day too. So I, I got the car, I got the car from. It was one of those like, what do you call it, the auctions, you know they repoed cars and shit like that. So it was a piece of shit. But I would clank and get to start. There's just nothing. When I, when you open up, you can have a car for a year at this point. A brand new car and open it up And it looks brand new because it's not, it's barely engine parts. Right. It's mostly computers. Like a big plastic covering over a computer essentially. Right. You can't Get in there and work on it. When you say, when you bring it in and go hey it's having a problem. They go, did the light go?


This happened to be last, the light went away. So the light's not on anymore. But it was there. They could plug it in and find out that there was a light that came on at some point. But they can't do anything to it if it's not happening. You know what I mean? There's not a thing where it's like there's this clicking. It's probably a belt. Those days are over I think. Oh really? I think so. Hmm. Seem they seem confused by You Go into bad mechanics. Maybe It's the dealership. Oh, okay. So they probably have everything connected to a computer program and the computer program talks to the, to the, the computers in the car. I think that's what you have to do. Yeah. Every thing. Now it's no more like we knew our, my mom Chuck and Larry. No, not Chuck and Larry. That's the gay guys that got married. Chuck and Al were like my mom's too.


Like, oh, now I think about it too. She probably fucked Chuck or Al my mom. Really? Probably both of 'em. Your mom. My mom really threw the puss around to make sure we had what we needed when we were younger. Not like in a prostitution way. Good lady. Yeah, it was a good lady. But Chuck and Al was always our car mechanics. Like for our car. Just, You know, Obviously to them they can't even be in business anymore with cars now. Well There's a lot of people that still have old cars. They want to get 'em fixed up. There's a lot of people that really just like driving analog old cars, you know? But not enough for the amount of like auto shops that are But don't you hate when it's like a really famous guy who was the, who was the famous guy who drives like an old pickup truck? I wanna say, you talking About Carlson does A Christian Bale? Yeah, yeah, yeah. He drives an old Tacoma. Yeah.


Like an old Ford or Yeah, it's a Toyota. Yeah. I think Jimmy Butler the athlete. But I just Feel like he's doing it to be like cool. He's like, bro you fucking, you don't need to drive an old as Truck. I'd say Post Malone showed up to a Shane show in a fucking muddy, shitty big tires truck. And I believed him. Yeah. Does that make sense? When he got out of it I was like, yeah, this is his thing. He, But he was also got a Lamborghini and a fucking, he's probably got a whole, you Know, course most because he's hanging out his country friends or his black rap friends. He's got one of those raptors with six wheels. Yeah. Yeah. That's his Christian bills. Same Toyota Tacoma since 2003. Yeah. It just Bugs. Bugs me. For some reason they're Bulletproof. Keeps it clean. That fucking thing. Yeah, it's clean. It's not raggedy, but those things last forever man. They really last forever.


It's like if you wanted a car that's gonna last forever that you can buy right now, get a Toyota Tacoma. They're fucking bulletproof. They're so good. Yeah, they, they just re-lease one of these old timey looking trucks and it's like, it's like vintage Look. I think that's gonna be another thing that starts happening. It's like vintage looking cars that are brand new. Oh, Toyota Did. I dunno if it's Toyota or another. There's a, it's a pickup truck that's coming out that looks like an old pickup truck but it's Brand new. You'll get a jerk off though if you bought the novelty car of the time. Anyone is still rocking a fucking one of those like Union Jack Little like mini Coopers or something. You an asshole. Oh that's a fiat. You look like an asshole. Do you remember the PT Cruiser in the early two thousands, late nineties where they were like, Hey, everyone likes that ZZ Top car. Let's make a very cheap version of that was my Mom had Dodge Dodge Neon.


That was maybe the shittiest car that's ever been mass produced. Oh, I had a Dodge Neon. You had to dodge. You had to at some point. It was, it was crazy. It was 14 bucks Dude. It was, no, it was, I think it was $10,000. A hundred dollars a month. No money down. Like this was like the cheapest car ever. It was such a piece of shit. I think two companies ended up making it. Oh really? I think it switched at one point. From like Dodge to something. Yeah, the Dodge Man Was, Remember the Yugo? It's so weird. Yeah. Yugos or a Dotson Was it was Yugo from Yugoslavia. Is that who made it? Is that why it was called the Yugo? How it was a garbage little car. It's amazing how many cars I've been in that are now like defunct. They don't even make me with Mercury, Sables and Right. Shit like that. But I have no trust or belief in a brand new like car that comes out.


Oh Saturn. I Don't even, Saturn doesn't exist anymore. Saturn was like a brand that everybody had back in in the Nineties. Right. I trust, I trust Hyundai now. Do not trust Kia. It hasn't been long enough for some reason. I don't know why that one sticks exist. Well those Genesis. Genesis and I see that's, That's Hyundai. That's Hyundai's Lexus version. You know they're Highend luxury version. It's fucking really Good. Oh 'cause Lexus's Toyota Yugoslavian. Yeah. Yugos Yugoslavian. That was a garbage Car. Yeah, I knew that from delivering auto parts. That car was like $5 across the board for gas than the car. What'd you take your driver's test in? Oh man. I wish I could remember. I think I took it in my mom's barracuda. My mom had a 1970 Barracuda when I was, Yeah I think hums. Oh it was fun. Fun car. I was in a stick shift.


Tte. Oh my mom's white stick shift. Ver you had To learn how to drive. That's good though. To learn how to drive and do a driver's test on a stick. Like you really know how to drive if you're a kid. I know. It is one. It is one of those feelings though, where you're, you're like even my daughter, I'm like, it's a good skill to have driving stick And it, she'll never be in a world where it will ever Likely necessary. It was fun though. I had an Audi fox that was my first stick shift car. I never had all my muscle cars when I was a kid were all automatics. But I had an Audi fox. It was this cool little fucking front wheel drive, shitty 1973 car. It was great though. Like little four cylinder. It was like the first car that I had that was little, that can like move around. I was like, this thing's fun and like learning how to shift everything.


Today is just you, you're barely connected to what you're driving. You feel like the shifting is the the steering's electric. Everything's, everything's smooth back then. Felt the cars. Yeah. That's gone. That's well that's why people like to drive old cars. Still like to feel them, you know? Yeah. I would, if I had the money I would get like something. That's why I said, I asked about the, if you can do a new engine in a car, you have money talk. There's so many cars I missed. Talk About you could get a car with a nice engine. No, you literally Have two brand new cars. You're not gonna, One's a lease, You're not going to, no one's A ram. Which apparently fix It sucks. You're not gonna fix it yourself. Never. Right. So then find a mechanic, you know, that you trust, find, you know, ask around, get a relationship with this mechanic and get a fucking cool car.


Not the same way your mom Did though. Not that way. Duh. Not that way. Well if I could, do you have a car, Luis? What's like usually something for your child? My dream car. Maybe the dream the dream changes when I was a kid. Ja Jaguar. The one with the the actual the the head. The hood order. That was a Jaguar. Sure. I looked it up a couple years ago. What? That I wanted to get like it's like an old school Jaguar s early nineties. J six or something. Or what? Whatever it was. Early nineties. Yeah, early nineties. They were the coolest cars I ever, I looked it up recently and I found one for like nine grand. Like just, it looked great and then I was gonna buy it and then a friend of mine was like, dude, you literally to get anything fixed on that car is crazy. Like you'll never find the parts. Like it's just, you're just, especially That is a tough, when I was young, the one that like the cool kids had that you're like, damn I wish I had that.


Was that boxy looking Mustang 5.00 that was the one every convert. The Vanilla ice one. The convertible. Yeah, that's the exact one. Everyone they put My 5.0 Rims on it and the convertible and the, that one just that was the one. Yeah, that was a good car guitar. But talking about it changing. When I was a little kid, this was the one of the most hurtful fat comments ever in my life. When I was like, sh dude, I want, I get older, I wanna get a Mazda Miata and they, that's gonna be a fucking roller skate on your fat body. And I was like, okay, well I guess I'll get past the Miata. And now sometimes you see one on the road still and I still go, damn. It's pretty cool. Looking better. You ever seen those Miatas that they do conversions with? They put a V eight in them? Yeah, there was a company called Flying Miata and they sold it to another company that's in Florida that does it now.


I don't know what the name of it is, but they take a regular Miata and they stuff a big fucking aluminum GM crate engine in it. And it's got like 500 horsepower, some madness in this tiny little car. Weighs Nothing, just lifts off the ground. But apparently they are a riot to drive. They're like the most fun cars to drive 'cause they're super light with crazy power. And these new engines are not that heavy, so it doesn't fuck with the balance that much. It's like slightly heavier than the stock engine, but insane amounts of power. And it sounds insane. When, when we were down at a Nashville comedy festival, there was a guy who used to work at the club who pulled up in a like gold and blue Lamborghini.


Lamborghini. And it was, it was just like, the colors were crazy And it had some writing on it and we were so curious about it. He won it in his sweepstakes. He actually won a Lamborghini to sweepstakes. These are those cars. Like gimme some volumes so we could hear this thing. The Miata? Yeah. These are the flying Miatas. Okay. That's not a Miata. I mean it's just the front. This is the Miata. That sounds crazy. But there's a new company that does it now. It's not them. And there's some better videos where they show like what the car He's driving that thing. Cat Williams. Yeah. I think it was hugging the corners.


Imagine if Cat Williams like enters F1 starts running races. Oh, you never thought I could do it. F one's really like right in the streets of a town. Yeah, in in Monaco They drive through the streets. They do it in Vegas too. They did in Canada. Oh, did they really? In Montreal. I think one year the festival was there. That was like they were preparing for F1. Oh wow. It's wild. They do it out here, but they do it at the circuit of the Americas. That's what that neon sign up there is. Oh really? Our neon died, I think. Did it die? I think it died. But that fucking racetrack out here. Coda. It's awesome watching Formula one. There's, you can't imagine how fast they're going. Oh, is is that the place in the corner?


Is that the, I think, I think I did one of those rock fests there backstage or oddball to me. Is that the one that has the overlook thing behind it? Yes. The F1 track. Yes. That's one of the, that's talking about getting over a fear in one day where I've never felt, so it's got, it's got a overlooked thing. You take, it's one floor elevator just goes right up to the top of that half of it's concrete, half of it's glass. Very thick glass. But I, I've never had this happen before. When I got up there the first time, I was gung-ho to walk out over that glass and go, when I got to the glass part, The glass is the floor. Yeah. When, no, but it was concrete. When I got to the glass part, my, I almost fell forward 'cause my legs stopped.


Like my legs stopped moving. Like, like my body shut down. Be like, no, no, no, no, no. We're not ready for by the end of the night I'm terrified Of heights. Yeah, you should Be by the end of I'm terrifi end. There it is. Dude that's fucking, no, I that And by the way, I think they didn't have, I don't think those red things were there when I was there. Did I take the, on top of the, the, this this the needle in the stratosphere in Vegas. The Strat. Oh yeah. They have like a rollercoaster at the top. And then they also have like, you know the, the ride that goes straight up and then just drops. Yeah. I went on it with my son. My son has no respect for me anymore after this dude. 'cause I was sitting in the chair literally just like, they didn't even start. They, they, they pull you up for like, maybe five feet first. And I thought where I was at the top, I was screaming like a woman.


Everybody was cackling at me. My son was making fun of me. And they didn't even go. And then when they finally went up, it was, I mean, I'm so deathly afraid of heights. Even if I'm strapped in. Oh my God, dude, I could deal with it. You should be, I'm afraid of falling. It's adorable. If you're not, you're a freak. Those fucking, those free climber dudes, they're just freaks. Oh. The guys that like, like jump from building to building The thing that our kind of climbs like Mount Capitan with fucking just chalk. How About the thing that Ralph did that in New York you can do, You can go to the top of some building and they have a thing where it's like they have your, you're like connected to a line, but do you remember the Dave Sheriff showed to you can take a picture, something in New York where you're like, feet are on the building and you're hanging off it like over New York City.


Yeah. Fuck that. Oh fuck. Crazy. It's just like, fuck that. I, but I, I'm not like a, just For a thrill. I would, I maybe could have gotten talked in the skydiving young, not a chance. I've had some people try to talk me into it as an adult. And I'm like, bungee jumping. Fuck you. If my daughter's gotta tell the fucking story. If my daughter's gonna tell the story of her dad dying in a fucking wing suit or something, you could jerk off Brian Red band's dad was working at this place. One of the people he is working with was a skydiver and always trying to get him to go, come on, come with us. One day goes to work. They're not there. What happened? No. Does the didn't open. Didn't open. It's crazy. That was a, there was a great, it happens, there was a thing called McCloskey on Netflix years ago.


Was it a Documentary? It was in fact a documentary about a, about a snowboarder guy. He was like an extreme sports guy. And he died because he jumped, he like par, he like base jumped into a national park and when he landed he was being chased by the rangers and the cops to arrest him. And he went in the water with his parachute and everything got caught up and died. Oh my God. Think he drowned in the water, I believe. Then they did a, a thing on the news. They did a, they were doing like a base jumping, you know, for this guy, like immemorial of him. Like a And it was a demonstration. It was like it shouldn't be illegal. So what they were doing was people were jumping, parachuting down and when they landed it was almost like organized.


The cops would then arrest them. They were all getting arrested for doing it. But that was their protest. They were all gonna do it. You're gonna have to arrest us all. And then while they're doing all that just in the background, you just need someone go. No, Just like way in the background. Oh God. It's like, yes. This is why this is stupid. Yeah. Fuck all that. I don't, I I've never had any of that adventurous shit in me. I've gone skiing, which I feel like is adventurous enough for me. Yeah. Killed a Kennedy and Sonny Bono. But it is actually really dangerous. Dude. Skiing is like, oh yeah. Fucking wildly dangerous. Just sometimes I, I was, I was in Park City and you're just going down it's really long trail, like 20 minutes. Like just, you're just going and going and going. But there's times where like I'm going to the edge and all it takes is like just a little less control and you just fly off the edge of a thing and you're done.


Oh yeah. How do cars not Gopuff like up in the canyons in the ballet every year. Like tons of them. They Truly do. They do constantly. Isn't that how Tiger Woods crashed? He went off one of those cliffs. Didn't Isn't that what happened, Jamie? No. Quite, not quite. I thought you just hit a tree. There was one guy who was tweeting who was like a famous plastic surgeon. He was like tweeting and they, they discovered that he was tweeting at the very same area where he fell off the fucking cliff. So he was just like texting while he was, was driving and not paying attention's crazy. And he went off the side's. I ho I'm nuts. That's the most two in 10 moment in my life when I'm going over those. Yeah. Like through the Hollywood Hills. It's just like Yeah. I mean I really, it's, it's crazy you can that you're able to drive that close to like certain death. Yeah. Oh well how about the fucking drive up to San Francisco if you take the coast.


Yeah. There's times where the left side of you is just Cliff. Yeah. Like thousands down. It's like famous places. Like in the world, like in just other countries where I, I mean I've been to a few countries where you're driving, there's no rail. Your tires are just Yeah. Like along the edge. Like almost hanging off. It's fucking terrifying. Yeah. Fucking dumb. Other countries, Oh man. There's some wild why won countries where the only way to get is these fucking rows to the mountains. And sometimes there's boulders that fell in the way and you gotta move the fucking landslide and hope it doesn't hit you while you're driving. Amazing. All the years of driving for comedy. And how long I've driven. Never seen a falling rock once. Not once. That is amazing. Sun it falling rock.


Never seen a falling rock anytime ever. I've only seen it on the Never hit a Deer. That's crazy. You never hit one deer. I was on a tour bus that hit a deer once. That was pretty normal. I I hit A rabbit recently. Oh yeah. It's sad. I tried though. Oh Did you? No. I thought you meant with your foot when you killed them both your foot. No, I did. That actually happened to me recently. I was moving my lawn furniture 'cause my fucking Mexican fucking lawn care people never moved the furniture back to where it's supposed to be. And I'm moving it back and I felt my foot go into the ground and I heard beep beep, beep beep beep. And these baby bunnies jumped out of a bunny's nest, which apparently they're underground. I had no idea. And yeah, they fucking, So Luis reported those guys to ice piece of shit. What a piece of shit, dude.


Come on. They're just here trying to live the American dream, dude. Yeah. The one jumped in my pool and went belly up and I thought it was dead. I scooped it out with the skewer, threw in the garbage. My girlfriend was like, are you sure it's dead? I was like, I'm positive it's dead. It was Did You try feeding her carrots? She really did bring carrots out to these little broken bunnies. I was like, they don't want your carrots like these fucking Did they Live, stop trying to, what's up these They did habits. They actually, I thought they were gonna die for sure. 'cause I, I called, it was at, it was on Memorial Day 'cause and I called like, like a rescue and animal rescue place. And they were like, we're close. And I called the cops, they'll come and get 'em euthanized. And we were like, no, I'd rather them die a slow death in my backyard. And eventually they just started hopping around. The one guy, you know, we call him Limpy and he was just fucking pushing himself with one leg.


And you should Have glued their, you should have glued their hands to their genitals and then hung them from something and be, oh, another autoerotic asphyxiation gone wrong. Great. The guy from NXS, David Carty and now these rabbits, So either lived or a hawk came and got him eventually. But Do you think that some of those auto asphyxiation guys were murdered and they were set up to hu be humiliated and looked that way? No, I think, yeah. Do you see now that now they try to take the jerking off part away from all those stories now. Really? Yeah. They don't How Many stories are you reading that are Autoerotic asphyxiation? None. None. But he's watched a whole documentary on it. No, I'm gonna have my own documentary. Sound Garden jerked off to death. Lincoln Park jerked off to anyone who hangs himself.


What You mean Chris Cornell? Yes. Well He, I don't think he was jerking off to death. Was he? You is you're Accusing This is theory that he thinks everyone is a theory. It's a strong theory. Did you make it yourself? Yes. Oh. Who hangs Trying to be clear? There's no evidence. Evidence. There's no evidence. No evidence. You don't hang yourself from a fucking doorknob that low when you're not trying. They flash knockout while they're doing it and then they just die. 'cause they're being choked. A hundred percent they pass out. That's it. Yes, a hundred percent. You heard it here first. I don't think. And Lincoln Park, Robin, Robin Williams. Robin Williams, they said put a note. But again, I think now the f since Michael Hutchins from NXS famously did that and David Carradine, that was news that made news.


They were, they die from that. How Good could it possibly feel? We had you get choke during sex. I've had people call in Get choked out. Like why you're nut I've Heard people call in And it pretty dude people say it, it it mimics a lot of times former addicts do it because it mimics like the feeling of like the high of like heroin. Mm. That's what they said. But that's just people who've called in to say that. Who knows. But because Michael Hutchinson and David, it's like the fir when you think of their name before you think of even NXS or any of the songs, you're like, oh yeah, he died jerking off, jerking off. David Carty in all those movies died jerking off. So now they'd rather have you think they were just depressed and going through it than saying that because that's all you're gonna be known for now.


Right. It's probably Pretty great. See the theory, it's not a bad theory if the family can hide that information. Like it's isn't isn't important that he was jerking off. He killed himself. The world doesn't need to know he is jerking off while he killed himself. Well you'd rather feel that it was on purpose 'cause he was desperate and sad Right. Than he was such a weirdo that he had to jerk off and hang himself from a fucking doorknob. I Heard there's a conspiracy involving the David Carradine one. I think David Carradine had run a foul with some shady characters. Yeah, five, five Venoms. Dude. I think it was in Thailand, wasn't it in Thailand or something like that where he won up. He's actually kung fu. Is it, is there a conspiracy theory attached to we should call Sam Tripoli. He roam The earth bringing HPV to foreign land.


He was kung fu when I was a kid. When I was a little kid. He was the guy that was doing martial Arts on tv. Yeah. Yeah. Kain Kai Chang Kain. Everybody called everybody grasshopper back then. Yeah. But getting choked while you have sex rules. Alright, bring it back up. I really about it. What I'm saying, he's hanging on it all. But I'll choke while David was wearing fishnet stockings and a dark wig when his body was found hanging in a Bangkok hotel room. Oh. Grainy Images printed in the tabloid Ty Wrath reportedly show kung fu actor suspended from a clothing bar in a closet. Red Woman's e lingerie appears to be in the bed adjacent to the body. Oh, this is Somebody who hated him. Yeah, that might be right. He okay. Found with his hands bound above his head and a rope around his neck, wrist and generals.


How would one do that to themselves? So details of Kill Bill Starr's sexual life began to surface as the photos generated. More questions about the actress's death. That seems like you couldn't do that yourself unless you're like really ingenious. How do you, how do you bound It says hands bound above his head. How do you do that? And a rope around your neck, wrist and genitals. You need a Really cool friend. How are You doing that? One Inch punch. One inch punch, dude. I mean, are you pulling it tight with your hands? What? Okay. Yeah, let's fuck that. Started getting carried away. Sorry. You look real gross. Yeah, there's a lot of accusations involving Hmm.


Yeah, he's giving his wiener the old five finger death punch. But I mean if, what are the like standards of like in Thailand, if they find you hanging, wearing women's lingerie to just do they really wanna investigate? They're probably like just gonna kill himself. It's a lot. I don't wanna touch that. It's icky. Yeah. They're probably like, how is he even, how is it autoerotic asphyxiation if his hands are tied up too above his head? That's the weirder thing. I never saw, saw that before. That hands were above his head. That sounds Like he got, That sounds like somebody walked away. Well it's one of those that might have gotten carried away and somebody just left because they were like, whoop. Right. He's dead. Like maybe a lady was giving him head and then he came and then blacked out and she couldn't get him off the ropes. Yeah. So She just Split just fucking booted out there. Not like Lincoln Park and Sound Garden who were just jerking.


So each other's music. I Don't, I think some of 'em are just depressed. Dude. Bourdain was just depressed. But who hangs? There's so many people hang themselves faster ways to take care of the Situation. They don't have anything around them other than a rope. And it, it's an impulsive decision. And It's also like a, A romantic way. Yeah. To kill yourself. It's, it's like who's got Rope? You don't need rope. A rope in my cord. You can eat cord. How about the guy that Sock your giz sock from all your auto erotic asphyxiation. The guy that was connected to the Clintons that hung himself with electrical cord and then shot himself with the chest with a shotgun From 40 yards away. Yeah. Looks A little sauce as the kids like to say. Yeah, You gotta kill yourself Joe. How would you kill yourself if you had to?


Well, gun is definitely the best way. Right? Because it's quick. Yeah. What if you shoot like your front lobe off and your Don't do that. Don't, don't put it in your mouth like a real man. That was the fucking Richard Jen. Richard Jen said dead and then choke yourself. He missed. Yeah, he missed and died later. Yeah, He died in the hospital. Oh that'd be my biggest fear is like shooting. Like just angling it wrong and then just, I Saw a video of a guy who did that with a shotgun. He just took off the front of his face and was blind lived. Yeah. Life is now worse. Richard, Jen takes his life. Dave Collier never even tried to take his off. Richard Jen was funny dude, very funny. Back in the day, he was the fucking man. He was depressed that he'd never wound up being a movie star. He wanted to be like, he wanted to be the next Jim Carrey.


You know? He did. Yeah. He got close with the mask and they said just made it more bummed. Yeah. It's crazy because he's like to us, all the comics back then he was the guy, you know, He was, well he was on all those shows. Were you doing comedy at a time? Did you, do you have performances on like a-list and Standup Spotlight or VH one I a bunch of those things? Those, yeah. I did a bunch of those. Caroline's Comedy Hour was a biggie. Yeah, I did that. I did Evening VM Improv, Mt V, half hour Comedy Hour. That was Pauly, right? No, that was Pauly was totally Pauly. MTV. Half Hour Comedy Hour was another show that would do you know, you'd do like 10 minutes or something. I forget what the time was. Oh, VH one J one of those was Rosie O'Donnell kind of host them or something. Yep, Yep.


Those seemed like, it seemed like it was a pretty fun time in comedy. Comedy was pretty polluted with like a lot of same old same old Yeah. At the time. But I mean like what a time to kind of like, that's why It was funny when I, when I was opening for Dave Atel those years, he couldn't get a grasp on like the change that I was experiencing that he, 'cause he was kinda like after three years, like you wanna go with me to this club again? And I'd go, absolutely. And he'd go, aren't you headlining this place yet? And it's like, it doesn't work like that anymore. 'cause he's from a time where they said if you got an hour of comedy together then you to, that's what they'd say. Well Dave, when he to way ahead of his time, you tore that hour of comedy. He goes, you can't just do that. Like you'd be placed to book you. Well Dave, before, I mean back when I started, this is 21 years ago.


Like people would just have their act. Do you remember Seinfeld's documentary where he was like, he's like, I'm gonna get rid of my act after 20 years and have a new hour. It's like that's what everyone does now. The standard of comedy has changed so much. Yeah. But if I could tell was always like that he would turn over. He was very prolific. No, no, no. For sure. I'm saying he didn't get that. Like the change that now you have to be able to sell tickets, right. To get book places versus it wasn't just like, well you're one of the comics who has an hour in the country. Yeah. Yeah. There was a time where it was that. It was like these guys just, I think it was like the two coasts really. It was all of it. You know what I mean? Then the internet I think really opened it up to the rest of the country and it's like saturation now. Yeah. You used to be able to go to clubs and build a market. So you just keep returning. You turn like once a year and after a few years people would come to see you like, oh, big Jay's coming.


He's really funny. Saw we saw him Last time. San Fran, San Fran Punchline Stress factory. Or maybe two of the only clubs that really, I know there's more, oh the the Providence Comedy Connection. Let me go there and have enjoyed watching it be like, you know, giving me a couple hundred dollars for a weekend to change over the years. I've Seen that. I remember I opened for you, you made $600 for the weekend as the headliner. Yeah. Yeah. They give you a chance and if you're good and they know you're good and they give you a chance, the people trust him. 'cause they've got a long history of booking, good comedy. It's like, who's this guy? Is he good? Oh, let's take a chance. Right. But there but places got afraid. I remember that. That hurt so much. I opened for Steve O when he first started doing comedy stand before me and I'd done DC improv with the tail and stuff before. And I did that weekend.


And I hate when you go hat in hand to places and you get bad news. I remember going to the booker there who was like someone who's like so friendly to me now and she's great, you know? But like, it was so hard. I go, Hey, you know, I, I'd love to come back and headline, are you like on an off weekend one people don't wanna do 4th of July, Thanksgiving, whatever. And she goes, yeah, I'd love to, but you don't sell any tickets. So it's all about selling tickets. And she's like kinda laid it out like that. Yeah. And I just thought I was, I was like, well how do you, I didn't even know how to start making that happen depending when we started like Legion SKS and stuff. Yeah. Well Podcasting sort of created an opportunity for comics to the best. Yeah, the best. An audience opportunity. People, they know us. They feel like they're really like sitting here with us. Well they really are.


Right? Yeah. And we talk like this. If we were in the green room, the difference between podcasts and everything else is we're really talking just the way we talk. Yeah. You know, Everyone also also gets mad to it. Like what the thing is besides standup that makes it happen. Whether it's podcast, yes. Internet videos. Yes. I've learned also to stop having that. 'cause people get a lot too much wrapped into that. Like there's just a social media comic or there's a whatever it goes buddy. I don't know, my ex-wife does comedy and people ask me like, are you mad that she does comedy? Like I can't judge why anybody gets involved in it. I get involved because somebody suggested it to me. It's Crazy to even want to to Care. It's Like, like who gives a fuck? It's like, why'd you do it? He goes, oh, 'cause I was having funny tweets. So I figured I'd give it a shot. Like first. Okay. That seems like a good enough reason. As anybody else starts The first decade.


You don't even, there's no path. But like what is the path to like even making money? You're just doing it blindly going like, I hope something happens eventually. You know, people Get mad because I think there is a path now to making money very quick and people are doing it. And so it's that, right? It's the Howard Stern used to shit on po. It was that famous thing with him and Ari shit on the idea of podcasts. But when people were shitty about that, I always understood his anger. At least I don't agree with it, but I understand when he did the, well, his Anger makes sense because he was already super famous. No, but his argument was saying I had to do am shift. Yeah. 2:00 AM to 6:00 AM in this shitty town and I had to do this and I, and I played music until they realized it would be better to let me talk 10 years late, you know?


And he, and he went through all that, that it's just like, well you can flip on a switch and if you have an audience already or connected to somebody who has an audience, like you're doing it already. Like you're just doing it now. Well also the difference is we all hang out with each other and do each other's podcasts. Whereas those radio guys all fucking hated each other. Right. Like Howard Stern taking each other down. Yeah. They would talk shit about each other all the time. Kobe Anthony used to have, what was it? Sh Jack Tober. Jack Tober. Where they would just find shitty radio shows. Yeah. And they would have their fans torture them. Yes. For an entire month. Yes. Oh, so funny. Brutal. Fucking brutal. And Cut. Wrote. Yeah, cut. It was a different, Doesn't have to be Right. Because it like you could only be the one big radio guy in Philly. Yeah. You know? And if Stern was coming into Philly and if they're gonna open up like a syndication thing, he was gonna talk crazy shit on the big guy in Philly, whoever it was or whatever city it was.


I do feel, it's interesting watching, I wonder if this happens with every generation. The comedy dollar gets stretched though. 'cause it is kind of funny. Not that it, you mean necessarily hurt? What do mean? I think the, now with like having these kind sham, I'm opening for sha at some of these arenas and stuff. It's amazing. He's getting like 18, 20, some thousand people in these places and doing it. One that's very difficult to like, think of new jokes when you're doing comedy like that all the time. But, well, You do clubs For sure. No, I do clubs. You Have to, but I'm saying no, but I mean you have to, Oh, like a Shane will do clubs also. Yeah. Oh no, for sure. Of course. But I'm just saying like a ticket to see someone in an arena is, it's before they'd be able to see everyone they loved was coming through the improv or whatever. And then a couple were doing theaters, right? Like now it's like, it's a fucking night out at like a sporting event to go see comedy.


Where it's like they might not have the money next week to go see me or Luis at a club. I think it has changed. It's interesting in that way. Well there's some people that just don't wanna spend that kind of money, go to an arena anyway. And they'd rather go see someone in a club. Sure. It's a better experience. That's how comedy's supposed to be. The best experience though, in an arena is in the round. In the round is like a giant That's, Shane Does it. It's Like a giant club. It's like a giant club. 'cause the people on this side are watching, the people on that side laugh and you're all laughing at each other. It's very intimate. Weirdly. Even though there's like 16,000 People, I, the comedy, the only comedy I don't love at all of the three things, clubs, theaters, is theaters. Theaters is impersonal from the crowd enough. And also personal enough that they, you can still do bad it.


They could turn on you with theater possibly if you're not the person they're there to see. Or even if You know what I mean? There was like a Nick Schwartzen thing there where he, they turned on him. Well he Was lit on edibles. Yeah. You couldn't remember what the fuck he was talking about. Just be, they weren't with him no matter what. Like they did turn on him. Something about the arena. And again, Shane's doing an hour at these things, which is impressive as hell for the 20 minutes I have to do. It's like, how could this go bad? Like it's just, if if anyone's laughing in there, it sounds like a million people laughing. Well, Shane, Shane had a guy open for him. I don't wanna trash the guy. I Heard it was a sound issue though. But he just like, dude, he just started getting booed to getting booed out of an arena is crazy. It's crazy.


I mean you have to feel like it, it has to feel like, like being, like you're getting the same reaction like that the visiting team gets when they go to that arena. I've Seen it on Kone. It happened to a comic. Kone arena shows too happened. Somebody, somebody will do two jokes in a row. That bomb. Yeah. And then the crowd's like, fuck this guy. And then it's almost fun. I think it's 'cause people are in that environment. They think it's fun to do it. How about t and Ti got booed something when he was doing comedy, like at a big arena. Oh Yeah. Well it wasn't, you know, he didn't have it tight. No, he sure didn't. You can't do that. You can't just jump into, you know, but he, but you can just Lose him. So like Damian Lemon, very, very funny comic. He did like the hot 97 Summer jam comedy thing. And like they turned on him hard and when it turns, it turns.


Well The most famous one of all, 'em, bill Burr on the traveling virus tour. Opi and Anthony back in the day in Philly. Remember that? Well that's 'cause they had turned on Dom Ira Before. Yeah. And then he came out and on everybody. Yeah. He said, fuck this crowd. And he spent 15 minutes just shitting. It's one of the most beautiful moments. Legendary. Legendary moments in comedy. So I'm from Philly and it's one of my favorite lines ever about Philly that is indicative of that town that I love is he says Joe Frazier is from here. Who beat Mike Ti or beat Muhammad Ali? No, no statues to him. No nothing. And you have a statue of an fictitious Italian heavyweight. Yeah. He's like, you piece of shit through batteries at Santa Claus. Fuck this town. That's a classic. That's great. And he kept rattling off seven more minutes.


Yeah. Like I know. That's funny. He had to quit that tour because everywhere he went then they would start booing him. 'cause they'd be like, duke Cleveland now. Yeah. No, Yeah. That was like a, that was like this before viral videos were happening like that. Right. And it was such shitty grainy footage. But that's when IF I mean, maybe my first year in comedy that happened a couple years in and you're just seeing that and it's like, it's such a comics moment where you're like, yes, just fucking Well It's a big pin. It's a big moment to have in comedy. I said a few of them When you, when silence doesn't scare you anymore. Or just the mo just, I could talk into a microphone especially for 15 minutes under any circumstance. You know what I mean? Like it'll suck if it's a terrible, you got, they're already booing go out in the very beginning. There's no one there. But like, I'm not afraid of the moment.


It's, that's a big, that's a big thing to get over. And that's what, you know, being scared for the moment when you're Headlining show The first that's do all overseas. The first time I was like, do they even understand English here in England The first five minutes if you're doing a headlining set that's not going well and you're like, Oh fuck, it's gonna be another hour. God dammit. Are you a long time guy or or do you try to do like, like when you headline some I do An hour. Yeah, an hour. Yeah. Especially if I'm on the road. Yeah. Yeah. Always. I don't really have an hour right now, so I'm like putting it together. I think last night I did 50 minutes, you know, and like some of it I keep forgetting my new stuff. You know, it's a lot of new stuff 'cause it's all since August. Sure. You know, and I took a couple months off where I wasn't doing standup at all.


I was like, let me just refresh my brain. And then I hopped on, started doing other people's shows. Then I had some old bits that I'd never put on the special and I started bringing them back and piecing it together. But it's like, you gotta have a real set before you take that bitch on the road. You can't think you could have like a club 45 minutes and go do an arena. Like if you're gonna do An arena. Oh, for an arena for sure. Yeah. You gotta have a real set. It Actually, I work out in the clubs on the road. Have to particularly, I mean like, but it's, I Burrs had that back day. It's almost preparing for a special. Really? Bur said that back in the day where he was talking about someone special And it was like he didn't do the clubs and he's like, he's right. Like this person, like some persons, they start doing theaters, big theaters and they do real well and they just keep doing that only same opening act every time.


Crowd wants to see them. And you develop like a, it's like a soft act. Yeah. It's no good. Yeah. Not good. You need clubs, Man. You need clubs. Yeah. But Au Austin's great for that as well. So you, what you did down here is you, you got a, you've cultivated like comedy fans that wanna see edgier shit. They wanna hear fucked up jokes. New York and la they don't really like, if you're just going on a random pop in set at the stand or the cellar or the Comedy store and just some random show and they don't know who you are, you start doing fucked up shit. They get very tight. Mm. Very tight. Like down here. Like you can go in the main room of the mothership or at the creek. I mean these, they're comedy fans. They're like legit. Yeah. It's become like a comedy destination kind of how like, you know, people go to New Orleans for jazz.


Well this town doesn't seem to feel like it has the same responsibility to like correct bad behavior on stage. Right. That New York has and LA has sometimes like they'll, they want to let you know that you're outta line. They don't want you talking about a certain subject. It's like, Did you think there was gonna be, when you opened the club, did you like foresee the dissension and stuff that happens just within the scene. The people that don't work there bitching about that. It's for this reason. And the people who, It's a walled Garden and everyone goes, they got in there because of this. And I'm not in there because of this. It's a, they have a walled garden perspective. You see a bunch of people having a good time and you're not involved. Oh fuck those people. It's normal. It's a natural reaction. Yeah. That people have to like this intimate community of people that are all friends that are having a great time.


It's normal to hate it. Yeah. But it's not all wild comedy. There's a lot of like really clean comics that come here that kill. Sure. Like Vee is fucking pretty clean. He's hilarious. He's Hilarious. Sometimes. He's on Nate's Hilarious. He's like, names Nate Guy. So yeah. Murder And murders at the club. He's a beast. He's a beast. And it doesn't matter. It's just funny. It's just whatever kind of funny you're into it. Holzman comes and destroys. Yeah. Sounds, I'm not saying I'm not, I'm not even saying the bookings like one dimensional. Anyway. I'm just saying that, that you can, did you even foresee there be comics that were going to be eventually like Clip sucks anyways. I don't hear about them. Don't You stay away if stupid I guess doesn't make its way to you. They wouldn't, that'd be stupid. It means you're gonna have people that complain about anything that they're not involved in.


Sure. They're gonna decide. It sucks. Like how could it suck if you've got two days of open mics, how could it suck if the comics get paid more than anywhere else? How could it suck If it's entirely set up for comedy, how could it suck If it's super supportive of the comedian, what's the, pays him a path. What is the path for the young comic in mothership? Well, there's a real, there's a real talent coordinator. You know, Adam e gets a real talent coordinator. He sits there and he watches your set. He gives you advice. He'll have you come back and do it again. He'll give you spots on certain shows. They start developing comedians. And it's like any, anything else like, you know, this business is about being likable and getting people to wanna watch you succeed. Yeah. Where it's like, you'll get your opportunity if you fucking, if all the other comics are like, yo, this guy's funny, you should take a look at him.


I, I've seen that happen directly. Can I get the lighter again? Yeah. Well we, we have it set up for development. Like the whole idea is like, you wanna develop new talent there and kill Tony's the best vehicle for that ever. You know, if you have a banger minute on Kill Tony, you can become a fucking star. And if you could reproduce that every week, like Those 59 times, Kind of crazy that some of 'em have to do that. You know? Yeah. I mean it's, it's an incredible writing exercise. It's kind of crazy. I the advice that I would've given a young comic, you know, 15 years ago, I was a young comic at the time too, but it's like, I would be like, do not be on camera for the first decade that you do comedy, develop and act first. But now a lot of these guys just, they have the opportunity.


It's like, could you Really? But can it be detrimental if you really eat shit on it and you're like a three year comic? I don't think people remember people bombing on Kill Tony where it'll be detrimental to your career. It could be, but you know, It could be so Bad. Gotta if you bounce back and have a great set the next time and that people love you. Sure. I've seen that happen too. Look, it's, you're taking a risk when you're doing a new minute every week. It's a real possibility you might have a dud. Yeah. You know, especially if you're new to the game. You've only been doing it four years. You got some talent. But, you know, I genuinely don't know. I, the, it's an interesting thing when I did do it essentially at Madison Square Garden. Yeah, yeah. When you guys were there. It's an interesting thing. They trying to whittle down in your head like, what the fuck is on just A minute. Yeah. Yeah. But they were all pumped to see you, so it was easier.


No, of course. That's what sitting, that's an arena atmosphere too. It's like, it's our game To Lose the Garden, I think was like the best arena Kill Tony show. Oh, it was amazing. It was like, was it was really cool. I went both nights and whatever. It was like, they were just, the, the crowds were so lit on watching those shows. Yeah. Like, nobody got booed. There was no problems. Like super supportive. Super supportive. Well, people got booed. This is the people that bombed. Did They? Yeah. Couple. Oh, the one Couple people Bomb. I think someone went right before me. Yeah. A couple people bombed. Had a rough One. It's, look, it's fucking hard to do, man. And it's fun to watch someone just go out there and fail sometimes. And it, it's, it makes, it's the people, it makes the people that succeed look better When I do kill Tony as a, a panelist.


I love watching somebody bond. It's my favorite thing. 'cause then you Yeah. Just trash 'em. You get to fucking make fun of them. Yeah. That was, I thought that's what, when we started doing the show, I I, I've been on, I've been a panelist on K Tony. I think I might have the number one amount of times, like 25 times I've been a panelist. And when we started doing it, like back in the day in the comedy store, in the, the belly room, the most fun we would have is when somebody just had a hot one and then we would just fucking trash 'em. It became way more supportive now. Like the whole show format is like really like Tony trying to put guys over. But back in the day, we were just mean. It was just like a mean evil fucking thing. It evolved. It was so fun. Yeah. It Evolved. Those belly room days were wild. 'cause you know, like half the crowd would be like comics.


Yeah. It was, there was no one there. It was fun. They, but he kept doing it. I mean, he fucking did it over and over and over again until he honed that motherfucker down like a samurai sword. Yeah. No, I'm super impressed with it. Like, you know, Tony's, Tony's the man. But that show itself is like, I think it's inspiration even for like Story Wars, you know, it's a very different show. It's just the idea of like the Live the format. Yeah. And like, yeah. Yeah. That's, You know, SK has always been a live show, but the development of Story War has been very like, Well it's also easier when you have a format. Like, we literally just set the table and then play and it's like, we don't have to really do much. We're on a podcast like this. Or like SKAs. You have to actually kind of like be a little bit more present and like, just sort of like you're trying to connect with the comics in a different way.


When we, our our, we do just like a game show that we created and it's just super formatted. So it's just kind of easy to just Plug and play funny. Yeah. Yeah. Well you guys, by doing Legion of Gangs just by the name itself, it like opened up the door to Wild Comedy. 'cause it's like, You know what you're getting into. It's called the show's called Legion of sks. Well this was a brilliant idea that Jay had. Like our, our secondary tagline is the most offensive podcast on Earth. And it's not, there's more offensive podcasts, but it lets people, I think this is the reason we've never gotten in trouble Yeah. Is because you know exactly what you're gonna get. Right. It's great like for anybody to come in. But Why would you watch this if you don't wanna watch the most offensive podcast? It's hard. Stay Away. Yeah. How are you gonna complain about it? You look like an idiot if you start complaining about it.


Exactly. Adam Crawl had a great analogy about it when he did our show. He said, he was like, this is what you guys, why you guys get away with it? He's like, like when Snoop Dogg goes to the Grammys, Snoop Dogg goes backstage and he lights a blunt and nobody's like, you can't smoke back here. It's like you invited Snoop Dogg. You know what the fuck you're gonna get. Right. And it's the same thing with us. I think people know what they're gonna get with us and we sort of just, you know, play and have fun and do our thing. Well you give a an avenue for comedians that's like, you know, where where people know what they're gonna get and, and obviously people flock to it. I mean, skank Fest sells out immediately. Yeah. Because people love the vibe. It's fun. It's just fun. We're, we're not here to take ourselves seriously. Also, broadcasting has done something for comedy.


It's pretty amazing that I think broadcasters like the Howard Sterns, they had that all the time. It's very interesting when you meet the people, they know you inside and out. They know the time. You told a story, story about the thing that you fear the most and they know whatever and Oh yeah. I'd get used to stuff like that where they'd be like, Hey, is your daughter picking a college? And you go, the fuck you? I'm like, oh, I guess I, and you're like, oh, I guess I talked about that on the radio this week. Yeah. So it's interesting. It's weird. You can forget that there's an audience out there sometimes. Yeah, yeah. You know, you forget sometimes the things you say have weight to 'em, you know. No, absolutely. We found out the hard way when we started out, who knew what this was gonna happen. When we started Legion, we started Legion sks pretty early podcast times. Not thinking about it. 14, 14 years ago.


Don't you think even now sometimes you say things you're like, ah, I shouldn't have said that. No. Ne unless it's, I don't, unless it's about a purse. Like sometimes it's about people. Yeah. That's what we learned. We learned to stop making fun of retard children on the internet. Don't because they, they have families. Well, we do sometimes, but I've had to apologize to multiple families of mentally handicapped people. 'cause we've done bits on the show and I mean, we've gotten in where they, they would come to me and be like, like, what is wrong with you? Just like a child that has like Down syndrome. We're like, we had no idea that they, But then they get on the phone, Luis and they're like, I didn't mind. It was funny. The problem is didn't it happen? Didn't someone say to you, you were Kidding. Well, no, the twice now that happened and both times they ended up becoming very friendly with the family.


They came out to see me at shows. They brought the kid. Oh, now he's your burden. Because That's the Pro The problem is like you're saying things with your friends, like you would normally say, right? Yeah. But then you don't realize Ron Benton calls a corner talk, just corner talk with the guys. But There's a real person on the end of these stories sometimes. Exactly. And that's the thing, the only thing that's changed us, I think in the beginning we would just say whatever, there'd be a silly story. And now I'm going like, well alright, is this person gonna hear this? And it's just a normal person who's like, their parents are raising a special needs kid. This is a tough enough life as it is. Yeah. Well, yeah. I felt terrible last time I came in here when you talked about, I was like, Hey, you know, there's that video going outta that girl freaking out. And I was just going like, yeah. It's just like she wasn't ready for this moment. But I went, th didn't say the name on purpose. And there's so many videos on the internet.


They're like, Jay takes a shit on this girl. Oh yeah. It's not what I did. Well, you know, sometimes You say things 'cause you're just talking. Sure. And then you realize like, God, that other person's gonna hear that. I did that recently. And I, I'd like to apologize to this guy. There's this guy named Flint Dibel who's an archeologist. And I said he, he attacks other archeologists like Graham Hancock and he says some terrible things. But what I did was very counterproductive. What I said was like these weak, bitchy men. And I named him. I'm like, and then he tweeted about it. He said, I have stage four cancer. And I'm like, fucking forgot he had had cancer. I didn't mean him physically, I meant his behavior. But it, it made me feel bad. So, well You guys's gonna bitch body this beat take over Cancer.


I wanna tell him I was wrong. It what I said, I shouldn't have said. I, there's sometimes I say things and I just think I'm talking with friends and I realize it's gonna hurt someone's feelings on the other. And it's counterproductive. Like I'm doing the exact thing. I'm accusing him of doing. He's attacking other people. I'm attacking him. It's stupid. And you can be funny with anything you don't need to like Yeah. But I wasn't even being funny. I was talking to an archeologist. I just getting angry. I got angry at this process that sometimes like establish archeologists are attacking, these people have legitimate ideas, but I, I shouldn't have done it that way. And you just, sometimes You talk like archeology to one passion. No, It's like I, you know, I talk about a lot of different things, but I talk too often. Like I normally talk, like sometimes when you're talking about like a serious thing, like you probably shouldn't insult people.


It just, it comes normal. Like fuck that idiot. You know? Like it comes out Sure. And you go, ah, yeah, shouldn't have, you know? Yeah. We do that all the time. You get loose, you get a little too comfortable talking. Well, I tell you also, that's the smart move I said that Howard Stern did years ago that I'm trying to get better at and do, when you think something's ridiculous, praise it and then use it. And you could show everybody without having to make fun of it. The, do You know what I mean? Oh, right, right, right. To make fun of themselves. That was the court. Yeah. You Can definitely do that. Well, I do that sometimes when I'm questioning people and I know they're not telling me the truth. And I'll say, wait a minute. So what you're saying is, and so I don't even have to like say that's ridiculous. That's fucking bullshit. Yeah.


I just let the internet have it, you know? Yeah. You go really? You know what I mean? Like, Epstein didn't kill himself. You know, like that kind of a deal. Like okay, you know, like, let the internet deal with this. I'm not gonna deal with this. This is like, I could only be so pushy. You know, when people don't want to talk about a specific thing or want to give you a, an an, an answer that you think is pretty much gaslighting you, you're like, okay. So that, that's a real UFO. All right. You might, you know, I have people coming in here all the time that I know are bullshitting me. I know they are like, I, I feel it. You know? And sometimes it's just like, all right, you just, what are gonna Do? We'll call them sometimes. Sometimes, but like sometimes, I don't know Who was the guy years ago you had a argument with?


But it was, again, sometimes when vernacular causes the problem, I feel like at the time you were just like in a rhythm of saying the word bitch at the end of a sentence a lot. And you said something, you go, you're like, come on bitch. You can't think that way, bitch. And he was like, you, you're calling me a bitch less. You're pulling the shit outta me. Who was that? Was it Crowder? Oh yeah, that's right. We were, it was a weed conversation. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. And I thought he on, I was talking to him like a comedian. Like he would just go along with it and he got genuinely offended. He was like, and was like, I didn't, I feel like you're bullying me. Yeah. He said he, we were bullying him because we were like researching information live that was countering what he was saying. And it was trying and he didn't have access to it. I was like, all right. You know, whatever. So I just, So was being a real bitch.


I was trying to be a good host and I wasn't. And I was being too like a comic. Like I could talk to you that way. Sure. And we would've fun. I could talk to you that way. We would have fun. He wasn't, he was a little serious Shit. You can call those a bitch all day. Head time. I promise. Some people just get Off on The sky. If you're choking me, Wally, jerk off. You can call whatever you want. Some people just get serious and you don't realize they're serious. Like, oh, you're serious. Like you're really upset. Okay. Because we're so used to talking shit. It's so normal. Yeah. Like when people talk shit about me, I'm like, eh, I would do that. What am I gonna do? Get mad? Is it too famous to not, you can't get offended. You're, you're so big at this point that it's just part of the territory. That's Part of the problem with saying things like about that flint dibble guy. You don't think about it while you're saying it.


Like you're saying it to millions of people. Yeah. It's like, it's not just talking, you know, and you're like, ah, Guy's dusting off a raptor bone and you just see a tear hit it because he's listening to you in his headphones. That guy's a dumb idiot. He like, I mean I genuinely felt bad My raptor bone, But it's like he actually didn't have a bad time talking to him. We had to confront him on this one thing. 'cause he accused Gram Hancock of being attached to white supremacy and, and, and this like weird thing about Atlantis, like how does that have anything? Like, and he tried to deny it and we pulled up the quote that he did. He said, because Hancock says no blacks in Atlantis. No, This is like this thing that these people do. And they try to discredit things like certain academics will do. Well, they'll connect what you are doing to racism or homophobia.


They just try to like virtue signal their way into a position where everything you're doing is wrong. And it's the, the thing about Atlantis is a weird one. It's like, it's apparently at one point in time there was some white supremacist that like was pushing the theory of Atlantis being this great white race. But that's not what any of the people that are legitimately trying to research it think, well you think black people, they think it was in Sub-Saharan Africa. You think black people are gonna let their hair be wet all the time. I'm no archeologist, but I am a bitch. What do you think Atlantis is? You think they get in the water? Oh, isn't it the underwater No City of what an idiot. Right? I didn't think that either, Joe. Oh, What were we talking about? The Bahamas. What Called Atlantis they believe was this structure.


There was a series of concentric circles that had like a lake running through it. It's like really fascinating. 'cause there's this place called the char structure in South Africa. And this is another one of those things that archeologists will argue about because this thing looks like Atlantis and there's this guy named Jimmy Corcetti and he gets labeled a Nazi for talking about, it's like weird stuff, man. Where they try to make you look like you're racist for pursuing this idea. And The people who defend that if you defend a person for you're defending racism, you're defending racism. Right. And it becomes this whole stupid argument that nobody really believes. And it only exists on the internet. Exactly. And nobody in real life gives a shit In academia. They, they believe it. Yeah. And if they don't believe it, they use it as a tool and they'll use it as a tool to dismiss you.


But this is the one of the things that came up during that cop topic that when even archeologists come up with a new timeline for things where it throws the old history into a, a tizzy. They attack 'em. Like, and they, we, Graham Hancock brought up this concept of Clovis first. They used to think that the Clovis people like 13,000 years ago were the first people in North America. And this one guy found evidence of people that lived a long time ago. And they fucking ruthlessly destroyed his career. They attacked this guy And it turned out he was right. And they found these footprints in White Sands, New Mexico. They're 22,000 years old of human beings. So they were probably living here even before that. And, but they destroy people that come up with an idea that throws their expertise into question.


And that's what they're, they're all doing with Graham Hancock. They, what they do is he's pointing out that there's some real evidence that perhaps there was an advanced civilization that was thousands of years older than we think civilization started at No crime. And only three pointers. Well, it is in Africa. That's the fascinating thing. It's all in Africa. Egypt's in Africa, you know, this, all this Sub-Saharan stuff where they think the rechart structure, when we show, show 'em what it looks like. It's crazy because the area when you zoom out looks like it was hit with a massive flood. Like everything looked like all water erosion. Like it was like massive amounts of water just destroyed the landscape. It still looks like that today.


And it's in the exact same plate. Like it's, it's, the mountains are north of it. The seas below it. That's what it looks like. And that is like the size that Atlantis is described in, in, in Plato's recollections of it, or Plato's stories about it. You know, there's a lot of debate about it. But the position that it's in and the weirdness of what it is makes a bunch of these ancient history guys that really believe in Atlantis. Just like they really believed in Troy. They thought it was, they thought Troy was mythical until they found it. And then they're like, oh geez, Troy, Troy was a real thing. So there's a lot of these people that are the gatekeepers of academia and they, they don't want anything to be dated older than what they've established and what they've taught in lectures and Oh, 'cause everything's wrong, Then everything's wrong.


Well, everything is wrong. There's weird stuff like Lebanon. Have you seen those, those fucking stones in Lebanon? No. There, there's these immense, I think they're called the triathlon stones or the trill stones. They're so fucking big and they're supposed to be, somebody's moved these from a quarry and placed them in place. And you look at 'em like how, how, how long ago? And then there's older stuff. There's stuff that's built on top of it. Look at this size of These fucking stone. Oh, my Flintstones theory works here, but I think it's a brontosaurus that a man is controlling Ball back. That's what it's, look at the size of these fucking stones. And if that one up in the top in the center right to the right of that, Jamie, that one. So that shows you the size of these fucking stones that are in place.


Like if you put a person next to them, they'd be at like, these are five meters high. That's fucking bananas, man. How many miles per hour is that? I Don't know. Five meters. 25 feet. So those are 25 feet high. 15. 15. I'm sorry. Three. It's three, right? Yeah. Sorry, my math sucks, obviously. But these stones weigh some fucking insane amount and there's no explanation. Those cornerstones, that's all one giant piece. And where, how, how the fuck did you do that? And there's a bunch of shit in Malta. They found Neanderthal bones. So maybe Neanderthals were in Malta and maybe the land bridge was connected. And there's all this confusion about the date of these like ancient structures because it seems like people built other structures on top of them.


And when they find stuff like this, there's like this great resistance of anybody to try to like say they don't understand it. They always try to come up with some sort of an explanation even when it doesn't make any fucking sense. Wasn't the the Colosseum, wasn't it completely underground at one point? They, they Discovered it. No, no, no, no. This, this FX was underground, but the head was above it and then they cleared out the sand. Oh gosh. The cossum was, you came up Stupid as shit there. No, I I Don't think it was underground. No, no. The Cossum has always been there. But they did used to be able to get water in it. They used to have water fights. Yeah, yeah. Instead of boat fights in there. It was crazy bro. Imagine Really cool shit Watching people get eaten by lions in front of everybody.


Imagine what that was like. Well back then, you understand they didn't like, they would've these games and they would bring in like, like, you know, they would've like hunts and they would've like animal fights and shit like that. But it's like, back then to see a giraffe, it looked like an alien. Yeah. Like they didn't, they they had no idea what they would bring in animals from Africa. Like Rhinoceros. Yeah. These people didn't have YouTube, they weren't Traveling. They had no idea. It was like, it literally, like you're watching aliens fight. Have You been to the Cossum? Yeah. It was incredible. Did you see those things where they lift them up through the floor and then Lions Pop out had a whole, a whole, they had underground. Underground. They have a whole pulley system where like they have elevators and they would've slaves like pulling people up And it was a whole show. It was a really cool thing We watch. I appreciate you seeing slaves lower. If they had that right now. If they had that right now, we would watch it.


Yeah, for sure. If there's something on YouTube, like I've already seen, have you seen the night fights where guys dress up in armor and beat the fuck outta? Yeah, Harrington. Harrington does. He does the commentary for it. He's like the Joe Rogan of night fighting. That's so ridiculous, dude. Ah shit. They're hitting each other with battle axes and shit. Oh Yeah. Oh, a scepter strike to the legs. But it's like, they look tough and then they take their helmets off and they're just fucking virgins. It's like just these really nerdy fat dudes, fat preemptive balling. Balling People. Some of them know how to fight though. I've ones where guys take guys down leg kick 'em. They're MMA guys that are getting into it. It's just another like outlet. Another outlet Part part of the floor of the coliseum is buried until the mid 19th century. Oh, You were right. There you Go.


I knew. Yeah. One I Don't want, I don't wanna correct you. Mian floor lay buried under 40 feet of earth, all memory of its function even existent. What is, is that the floor that lifts up? Is that what that is? Yeah, the floor. There was stuff sticking out of it and then they went and they, they they uncovered that there was like an entire underground system, like all this shit. It was actually really the All really recent. So did someone cover it up? Did you go back to that description, Jamie? Because I think it explained that someone covered it up Well. I mean they destroyed most of rum, so I'm sure it was part Of it. I wonder why they did that. They were using all this shit For other stuff. My, the, the tour that I did at the Coliseum was boring As shit. Hey, Mussolini fixed it. The guy wasn't all bad.


What were you saying Jamie? What'd you say? They were using all pieces of the city for construction or whatever else they were building new stuff, you know. Same with like the, the pyramids. You know people, Mussolini Mussolini would've monster. I go clean the floor of the Coum. They did that with the pyramids. They stole the fucking stones from the outside of it. Yeah. Well we People are so gross. Yeah, it was crazy. Well, remember the Trevi fountain a few years ago in Rome? They, they poured like black ink in it or something. Just protestors. It was like the, they literally had to drain the fountain And it took like however many months to clean it. It was fucked up. The Coliseum Architects made changes to allow new methods of stagecraft. Other changes were accidental. Fire sparked by lightning in two 17 ad gutted the stadium sent huge blocks of travertine plunging into the hyper gm.


What that Whole area is so nuts, man. Two 17. That was a lot of work. How do they have those facts? Coliseum is really cool though. I learned more about it. I did a, like a gladiator training program with my son. They have like the, it was like a little like place you went. And I learned so much about the Colosseum doing that more than the tour. The tour was boring as shit. I went in like August. It was 110 degrees out. It was insane. He's Aggressively trying to make his sun straight. But that was, that was a cool experience. Like Dude, that's fucking cool as shit man. Cause it Wasn, they didn't kill each other. The gladiators, like that's all like it's lies. That's lies. It was none of, because it was like pro wrestlers. If your gladiator killed another gladiator, the, the guy who owned that gladiator would've to pay the other guy who owned that gladiator.


They were all slaves. It was all just show. It was like pro wrestling. They would cut each other, but they had like big like fat bellies so they wouldn't cut each other's organs. They knew how to like do it in a certain way. It was all show really. It did happen once in a while, But that was more rare when you see an actual death. So occasionally they would fight for real to the death. I don't even, yeah, I'm sure occasionally they did. But where did you Get all this Information from? My gladiator training program. Really? Yeah. The guy's certified. I mean whatcha gonna do argue the guy Certific. But like the different weapons and the costumes they would wear and like the type of armor they would wear is like there, there was like, you know, whatever like, you know, a couple dozen different types of guys and he'd be like, oh that's the guy with the fucking mace and like a certain helmet.


And it was like, it was free as well. All the people in Rome, there wasn't a ticket price. The government would sponsor it. So it was just to get people like, you know, keep 'em happy and fucking the richer you were, the closer you were like all the peasants would be up in the rafters. Right, but Sold the movie Gladiators bullshit. Is that what you're trying Tell me? Yeah. A lot of it's bullshit. There was no thumbs down. Thumbs up. What? What a common misconception that gladiators always fought to the death. The winner survived and the loser died very rarely. And usually with special dispensation from the emperor, would there be a sign miso battles, which automatically meant death for the loser with no chance of being spared. So occasionally they died. Yeah. Very rarely they died, But they were like celebrities like the gladiators would come out and they were like, Wow.


Some historian say, oh wait a minute, one in five died in battle. That's a lot. Others say one in 10 most only lived to their mid twenties, which compared to today's Stabbed. Well they would die of their injuries very often. Not bec, it wasn't like it was fight to the death. They just didn't have medicine. Like yeah, they would get stabbed and infected. But Gladiator two was right though. Right. But that, I mean, when he's talking about the water, they would fill it up with water and have boat fights. That was a real thing in Gladiator too. Oh, I see. Not, no, I'm bummed out. I thought they really fought to the death. Like every time. Yeah. Yeah. God damn dude. Well I've got bad news about the WWF also. Oh my God. Then You know what? I might as well pull the bandaid off if we're already here wrestling also.


But it was, yeah, it was like akin to pro wrestling. Like they would have like personalities and people would like, You know, that was a problem in Japan in the early days of MMA. Some of the fights were fixed. Yeah, you could tell. And you could tell like certain guys would win by leg lock. That's how you can stomp and shoot too. Have professional wrestlers, like promoters do those MMA fights. What'd it say, Jeremy? She's Describing the animal hunts. They did, but I, I'll skip ahead to this part here. Hi. GM played a vital role in these stage hunts, allowing animals and hunters to enter the arena countless ways. Eyewitnesses describe how animals appeared suddenly from below as if by magic sometimes apparently launched high into the air. The hypo gym allowed the organizers of the game to create surprises and build suspense.


A hunter in the arena wouldn't know where the next lion would appear, or whether two or three lions might emerge instead of one. Yeah. Out of those like holy shit trapped doors in the bottom, a lion would just jump out and then, and you're watching a dude like hunt lions. How cool is that Though? This uncertainty could be exploited for comic effect. He goes, guys, I'm not afraid of no bullshit ass lion. I fuck a lion. He's right behind me, isn't he? Ember glans punished a merchant who had swindled the emperor selling her glass jewels instead of authentic ones by setting him in the arena to face a ferocious lion. When the cage opened, however, a chicken walked out to the delight of the cloud, the crowd lenius then told the Harold to proclaim.


He practiced deceit and then had it practiced on him, the emperor let the jeweler go home. Whoa. So they let people, so it wasn't that mean, killed Them days later. They were less mean than we thought. Yeah, Yeah. It was still pretty brutal. Well, it was fucking brutal time to be alive back then, Man. Yeah, dude. One in five got to live. Relax. In 10. It was number 10, maybe one in 10. Maybe even One in 10. No big whoop. I bet a lot of dudes were sliced up though. You ever see those Nazi dueling scars where the Nazis and the, like when they were in like military school, they would've duals with sword fights and the their faces would get slashed up and that was like their badge of courage. So all the Nazis that came over for nasa, they all these like crazy Nazi dueling scars all Over their faces.


Yeah. You ever See those bro? It's so creepy. They do the shit we do now in arenas too, with like T-shirt, guns, snacks fell from the sky. Snacks as abundantly as hail. One observer noted, along with wooden balls containing tokens for prizes, food, money, or even the title to an apartment, which sometimes set off violent scuffles amongst spectators struggling to wrap. Nothing changes today, Nothing. There Used to be a blimp that would go around the Sixers stadium and drop coupons for hers potato chips. And I've seen people fall off of balconies for them. It was as hot as a boiler room in the summer. Humid and cold in the winter and filled all year round with strong smells from the smoke, sweating workmen packed in the narrow corridors and the wreak of the wild animals and no bathrooms and all that.


Ugh. Did people just shit into holes? Well, they always did. You know, where would you go if you're hot and you're drunk and everybody's got the plague. Alright boys, should we wrap this bitch up? Sure. Yeah, let's bring it home. Thank you so much, much. Are we in, are we officially in the Rogan sphere now? Yeah, you're In. Oh, thank. Come on man. You were always in. Alright. You said it here. We're Here. You're always in. What the fuck are you talking about? We just don't see each other enough. Please Watch my specials. Yes. Them day, both available. Yes, they're, they're awesome. Anything you got? Yeah, check out story. It's mine in Big Jay's new podcast, story Wars, which is great. And yeah, I got a book, actually, You know what I, I'm You wrote a book I'm writing. I'm almost done with it. It's coming out December 2nd. It's presale right now on Amazon. What's it about? It's my childhood memoir. Oh, wow. Yeah. Starts off with the The What made you wanna do that?


A dude who wrote other books was like Knives and spoons. Yeah, a memoir. Yeah. He was like, Hey dude, I can get you a book deal. And I was like, really? And then I started working with him on it and yeah, it's just, it's been good. It's dark, it's funny. It's fucked up. It's about just my fucked up childhood and finding comedy. I always admire someone who can write a book. Yeah. Like I always admired Norton. He's written a couple of books. Yeah. Like damn. He wrote a whole book. Actually. Wrote a book. No's a man Norton's in town right now. Yeah. Yeah. He's here Friday. He's doing story wars tonight. Nice. No, where you guys at The Creek? No, we're at your club. Oh, you're my club. Tell That. Tell Little Joe knows about his own club. Fantastic. What Time is It? This is our past Seven 30 and 10 30. Why don't you come, Joe, why don't you come on Story Wars. Oh, I don't have any good stories. Used them all Up.


I used them all. I've had 2,500 fucking episodes. I've used them all up. Nothing left. You don't Good stories. I'll tell you all, It's gonna be something that goes once on an archeology journey. I'm like, oh, this is Joe. This is definitely Joe, I think. I think this one's Joe. One Time I was talking to the director of the ccia A, he's like, well that must be Joe To get a black bear from a helicopter with a crossbow. I appreciate you guys. Thank you, man. It Was a lot of fun. Thank you. Thanks Joe, all. Bye everybody.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Sometimes it's good to be a little controlling. It can help you protect yourself, your health, your wellbeing, and your possessions. There's only so much you can do though, especially when it comes to your personal info. You probably use things like two factor authentication, strong passwords, and A VPN. But as much as you try to be in control of how your information is protected, there are lots of places that also have it, and they might not be as careful as you are. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second for identity threats. If your identity is stolen, a LifeLock US-based restoration specialist will help solve identity theft issues on your behalf, guaranteed or your money back. Plus, all LifeLock plans are backed by the million dollar protection package, meaning LifeLock will reimburse you up to the limits of your plan. If you lose money due to identity theft, you might not be able to control how others handle your personal information, but you can help protect it. With LifeLock. Save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use the promo code JRE or go to lifelock.com/jre for 40%. Off terms apply.