
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. I fucking put this on Riley. What are you gonna do with it? Yeah. I should have thrown it out, but I'm just, I feel like if somebody put effort into it and gave it to me, just keep it. Yeah, I know. Well, that's how I wound up with this fucking snake on the desk. This is from this, during the entire podcast, Harlan Williams had this in his pants. And he was saying that he had a, he got a worm and he, he named his worm Dmitri. And at the end of the podcast he, he pulls it out.


Ugh. And then He got such a fucking kick outta the fact that it was still on the desk when I interviewed Trump. I hope he explained where it came from. I didn't say he said it. President hold. They didn. I thinks, say anything. I think it's funny 'cause when you said that, I was like, who gave that to you? Is that a 7-year-old and Mr. Harla Williams? I'm alright. It works out perfect. That feels correct. He is so unique. He is. And I forgot he was in something about Mary. Oh yeah. Which is literally one of the funniest movies ever made, ever. And I watched him again. I'm like, God damn, I wish I was in that. I wish I had one line in that movie. Right, Right, right. That was one. Well, the Farley Brothers, they're the best. They, they have some bangers, man. You know Kingpin? Yeah. Bill Murray. Oh my God. I'm gonna take these off.


Oh my God. You Don't like them? No, no. They're fine. I just, I, I'm so used to my, I hate my own voice. Oh. And hearing it come back, it's like I'm doing radio for 20 years and I still don't like to listen to my own fucking Well you To do one. You used to do the one year thing. I do. But I saw Rich Voss like too many times. I've seen clips of Voss. And he just does that. And I'm like, do I look like that? Have I looked like that for two decades? I'm like, fucking rich. Put it on or take it off. I like one ear. He just likes one ear open like That one ear. I, I firmly believe that's some kind of like a, a a, a childhood like defense thing. Like there was something fishy that happened in childhood where you wanna just kind of somehow stay present. Always be aware. Yeah. Somebody might get Attacked.


Somebody fumbled. Yeah. Somebody fumbled around. And I just Interesting. Gotta keep my ears on. I Know. That's a thing though. A lot of people, like one ear on I've, it's not uncommon You feel when you have both ears covered. I just feel like I'm lost and I'm not in the room. Mm. And it's, it's, I guess I've gotten a little bit better with it, but just now I'm like, wow. I really, I can't hear. I always feel like I'm just fully locked in. You know? I don't hear anything else. I don't hear any distractions when the headphones are on. Yeah. I like the headphones on. Yeah. I like to be locked in. Yeah, I do. But I just feel like I, it feels like I'm underwater sometimes. Mm. I don't, I went in for an MR I just go for them like once a year and they Just, for the fuck of it, I, I want to, yeah. I'm pound, I'm getting older and I'm like, you know, I wanna fucking make sure I'm good.


Like, make sure there's no lumps right. Or anything. And they give you those shitty headphones and I'm so claustrophobic. I'm, I'm laying there and I'm terrified. And the Noise. Yeah. Being married prepares you for that. You get good at blocking out. Oh my God. Talking. You feel claustrophobic. There's a loud noise. You want to kill yourself. Yeah. My Wife will be in full conversation with me. I have no idea what she said. I'm just fully blocked it out. Yeah. How many things have I agreed to? Exactly. Because I want her to shut up. I told you about it the other day. I'm like, you did? Oh, I don't want to argue. I'm like, I forgot. Yeah. I'm sorry. I just, I to tell you. But it said, I asked the guy, he goes, do you want music?


And I'm like, y'all have a, I'm like, play rock. I just rock. And he was fucking like, he didn't speak English that well. So he started playing the Rocky theme song over and over. No, I, I actually bailed out and got out of the machine. I couldn't finish. 'cause you couldn't hear the song anymore. No, I just was too freaked out. I'm like, this guy's not hearing me. I'm squeezing that fucking ball to gear. It's awful. So he had to take me out and I'm like, I'll go back in. And he goes, no, we'll have to start over. 'cause once apparently an MRI, like, you have to be in the same position. Position. Yeah. So I just, I said, fuck it. They did my whole body and they just, they couldn't finish with the brain. I was just like, I'm done. I'm Out. Your brain's fine. You don't wanna look in there anywhere. I hope. Who Knows?


Who knows? No, I don't really wanna see this. Who Knows what's going On in there. No, no, no. Just little wires Across the wrong way. Imagine If you can look into your brain and see your memories. You're like, whoa. Eventually. I mean, black Mirror did an episode of that where you're like with, I love how they keep the technology simple where you're just kind of scrolling through something and they could like see all the, the memories. And you'll eventually be able to, to do that. I mean, Yeah. Eventually we'll have a hard drive in our head. I would do it too. I like, ugh. I would absolutely link up. We, I think we talked this last about Ray Kurzwell who talks about like, singularity. I still think his timeframe is wishful thinking. He thinks by like 2045, right?


Five. Yeah. He'll be in his like nineties. So I think he's just trying to hope it happens before You might be Right. That makes sense. 20 years from now. Yeah. I think that's correct. I hope so. I I think everything's moving in exponential pace. And I think, you know, if you just look at what's happening with ai, AI 10 years ago was non-existent. You never heard anything about it. Yeah. And now everybody uses it on their phone all the time. I use it. My wife's obsessed with it, which is irritating. 'cause she like literally will just talk to it. And so I'm like, all right, let me try it and see. But it's great if like you get an error message on your computer, like, what does fucking Mac error 1 1 0 1 mean? And then you add it And it actually tells you in a really comprehensive way what that error message means.


Yeah. It's better than Googling something. Oh Yeah. So I'm using it for that. But It's great for a lot of things. Kids are using it though, unfortunately for like term papers and shit. And they're getting busted because AI knows when it's ai. So they just run the paper into ai and AI goes, oh yeah, AI made This. Oh yeah, that's, that's my work. Yeah. That's Sucks. I did that. Yeah. But I mean, it's good for, for looking things up. Right now, I'm just using it as a better Google. Right. But when I attach it to my brain, no, because I was in it the other day And it said we detected suspicious activities. So they wanted me to log in maybe 'cause I had a VPN or something. Mm. Because in Texas you can't jerk off without a fucking VPN. They want your license To watch porn. That crazy. That sucks. It's, we're we're protecting children too fucking late, first of all, as if kids don't know about VPNs.


They all do. And it's also one of those things where like, I get you don't want your kids to watch porn. That's fine. And it's a lot harder. It was harder when I was a child to get you to find like magazines in the woods. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I That meant the smell of those old shitty magazines. Yeah. And find them and fucking hot. It was the best. But now if I had it on my phone or I had the availability, I mean, my sex addiction would've been even worse. So I guess what I get why they wanna protect kids from, Oh, it's gotta be fucking kids up. It's not just that, but the violence that they see. You see so much violence. I see way more violence now than I've ever seen in my whole life. Way more murders. Yeah. And car accidents. And animal attacks. And I see Tom Ur and I have this horrible text thread where we text each other the worst shit we find every day.


We're trying to freak each other out. And we've been doing it for years. And so it's just, my algorithm's fucked. Yeah. It it's just fucked. Do you, there's there's certain sites and I never promote the site just 'cause it's like, ah, it's just too gruesome. But there's one site I go to where you can, everything, there'd beheadings and I would look at this stuff before bed and I don't know why I, I wouldn't enjoy seeing it, but I would look at it And it just gives you some kind of a weird, horrible feeling. But there's certain things I can't watch at this point. Like, I can't watch people burning anymore. That's a rough Way Anymore. Yeah. Yeah. At one point, oh, Bernies were all the reef. I just, I can't watch 'em anymore. You know, it's old hat. That's such a crazy thing to say.


I can't watch people burning anymore. I'm just, I'm all burnt out. It bothered me. It was, it got to a point where I could, I can't see beheadings anymore. Like there was a point where I could watch them and just almost watched detached. But now I just, it's too, do You remember the journalist? It was like Daniel Pearl? Yes. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Yeah. He was like the fir but the camera band panicked and kind of came off him a little bit. And, and so they didn't, it was kinda, they showed it, But that was the first one. Yeah. And then that guy, they called Jihad John, who was like, 'cause he was British when they eventually caught him. I forget the other people. He did. But it was like certain contractors and stuff that they would, they would put in those orange jumpsuits to mimic Guantanamo. And they would just gruesome shit, man.


Really Gruesome shit. Gruesome shit. And it does fuck you up a Hundred percent. I don't know what it does, but it fucks you up. Like, I don't know how it messes me up, but it, it definitely is not healthy. Well it makes you filled with anxiety and just knowing that that exists and then seeing it are two very different.


This episode is brought to you by OnX Hunt. Hunters meet the game changing OnX Hunt app. Whether you're a Season Pro are just starting out, this app makes you more successful. Trusted by over 5 million hunters, including me, it turns your phone into A GPS showing your exact location, property boundaries, and land ownership info. No more guessing where you stand. Plus with custom waypoints, wind direction tools and offline maps, you'll always have the most up-to-date info. Even without service. Bow or rifle, weekend warrior or landowner on X Hunt keeps you prepared. The best part is you can try OnX Hunt free for seven days. Download on Google. Play the app store or visit OnX maps.com/hunt.


This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. Summer jobs can be extremely rewarding. You can learn a lot about yourself and what you want. And there are some pretty unique jobs out there from lifeguards and camp counselors to construction, dog walking, mule packers and more. There's a lot of options if you have the skills. On the flip side, if you are hiring this summer, it might be tough to find the right person with the right qualifications before your competitors, unless you use ZipRecruiter. Try it for free now at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Why should you use ZipRecruiter? It's gonna make hiring for the season astronomically more manageable and fast. It's powerful. Matching technology does a deep dive to find the right candidates for the role as soon as you post it. And when you find someone you like, the invite to apply feature helps you connect asap. Gear up for summer with ZipRecruiter, high speed hiring tool. Cy. Four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. Just go to this exclusive web address right now to try ZipRecruiter for free. ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. ZipRecruiter the smartest way to hire and things.


Yeah. Knowing it exists and seeing it. And then I'm always like, well, I like watching. I can still watch car accidents because it's tangible. Like a car accident is a tangible thing. Like if you, if you're not careful right? And you drive like an asshole, this is what happens to you. Or if someone's driving like an asshole and you're not paying attention, you gotta be aware of everybody. Right? Yeah. So I try not to text and drive anymore. I remember one time I was doing a gig and I was in full sex addict mode and fucking Sam Roberts, he was still an intern at that point, came with me. 'cause Kenny was busy. So Sam came to help me sell merchandise. And I remember he was, I think I did. I let him, oh no, I drove, but he was in the passenger seat and I was just dirty talk texting the whole way home because I couldn't text and drive because he was in the car.


And I was like, I can't get fucking, I can't be texting some woman and kill the intern. That would just be a lawsuit waiting to happen. So I, it's like the texting and driving thing I've kind of backed off of. Yeah, well that's what Apple car plays for, you know. No, you don't do that. Fuck dude. The idea of, I mean, I did that one time. I connected my phone to A-B-M-W-X six. My girlfriend at the time, my ex-girlfriend came with me to the dealership and the guy is telling me, oh, you should connect your phone. And I do. And my fucking phone, my, my phone book, my contact list comes up, right? And one of the girls, you know, I put how I knew her And it was like a domination fantasy.


So that came up. Her name and Domination Fantasy came up on that little window in the X six. And I'm like, I'll never connect anything to my car again. There's just, just too much going on. Just Change the name. I mean, I mean, how much time do I have to go back and change all the names? Just Change the name to like personal trainer. But that's another code word. It doesn't Have to be, I got busted one time talking dirty. I was texting dirty and the girl, the, the escorts name came up on my phone And it was like one of those names that cannot be like a regular person, right? So I ran my, and my girlfriend was fucking screaming at me in the car. She's like, who the fuck is that? And I'm like, it's fucking Anthony. I'm like, I have a cold word for Anthony in case I ever lose my phone.


So I had to run up into the bathroom and just like my fingers were shaking and change it to Anthony. And then I came in 15 minutes later, I'm like, see, it's Anthony. But it was, by then, it was like, you blew it, Jim. He got caught. So I don't connect anything, even though I don't, I'm not, you know, fucking anybody else. I still don't, I don't trust it. I don't, I don't connect anything to my car. Well, your phone is listening anyway. Mine is for sure mine. I, I've come to grips with the fact that everything that I text is getting read probably a hundred percent no questions through The ads. Including, Including like stuff that's on signal. You know, Tucker told me that he said that the sig they found his, the government knew that he was gonna meet Putin. 'cause they read a signal and he is like, I didn't even know that that was possible.


Yeah. Is that the one that they got, they got caught using in the defense chats? Yeah, the signal. But that was because there was another guy in the signal chat that I think someone let in the signal chat on purpose. Was It on purpose or do you think it was one of those things where you fuck up and you just like, you know how you, you'll send something and a, and a and a predictive text and like name comes up and you just hit, like, if I'm gonna text you and I accidentally j and all of a sudden it Joe Rosa, it's Joe DeRosa comes up. Right. And I, I just send him, I've Done that before. But this was a giant group of people that are in the defense department. How do you include a reporter in That? That's a terrible mistake. That Doesn't make any sense. My ex publicist was badmouthing me to somebody and she actually sent it to me by mistake.


I was like, What, what did she say about this? It Wasn't an overt, it was one of those things where we weren't working together anymore. And I was doing Neil Brennan's podcast and like, you know, blocks where you, you, you talk about all these things that blocked. And I, and she said something about like, oh, well, Norton's on three blocks already. No shock. It was just, it was some comment that was not complimentary. And then it was like, oh, sorry. I meant that for him. And I just kinda left it there. I'm like, I got it. I need, I knew you didn't like me, that's why I left you your own publicists Hate your guts. It's a Fucking Oh publicist can be such a problem. And you know, they're so incompatible with people that are wild. Yes. Because all they want to do is they have to paint it in a way that's palatable to everybody.


Like I understand that it's a hard job and you have some fucking asshole who's out trying to get laid. Especially Like a guy like you or someone who says wild things. You know, it's like, that's part of the fun of being you. Yes. But it also comes back And it, it, it's, it's, here's where it's negative. I do on YouTube, I have the podcast and I'm trying to do podcast ads. I've never, you know, I've never bought ads on YouTube before, but I'm like, it doesn't buy you if you, it just puts it like where people will see it. And if they like it, they click on it. Every one of my ads gets shot down. They, they accuse me of election advertising in the United States. I, I put up an ad and they said, this violates election advertising. And the, and I, I didn't even know how to respond to that. What was the ad?


It it might've been a, I had George Santos on, but it was, it was just a funny podcast That Guy's hilarious Dude. He was fucking, he told me how bad Jerry Nadler smelled. I asked him who had the worst breath in Congress and he wouldn't answer. But he told me the worst body odor was Jerry Nadler. And it was just funny. That's funny. He's, this is funny. He's a character. He is. It's just amazing that he was a congressman. I know. I I have a real affection. You know how it is when you meet somebody, it's like, it it, they're they're always more human when you meet them. And it's harder to not like somebody. Of course. Sure. Like I don't agree with Lauren Boart, but I met her and she couldn't have been nicer. And I'm like, I can't dislike her. She was nice to me. You know? Right, right. So whenever you meet someone and I had him over and he was great. He was funny self, a sense of humor about himself and he was shit talking and catty and yeah.


I was like, fuck, I love this guy. But they accused me of election advertising. So now, so many times I've tried to put ads after and they continually say it's either shocking content or election advertising. Oh, they're just targeting you. They're Just targeting me. And it's like, how are you supposed to advertise comedy? Yeah. With, with some profanity in it. If it's shocking content. How is That election? I mean, he's not even running for anything. And it wasn't, it wasn't a political rally podcast at all. It was just us talking about what happened and we chatted politics. But I don't, I don't push political views on people. They've got you labeled right wing, which is kind of funny. Isn't that it? It really is. It is so funny. And The people don't know what to, like the conservatives. It's so funny. People come see me from Gutfeld because I do gutfeld a lot.


And, and his people will come see me. And it's just fun when I talk about my wife to watch the joy drain out of their faces We find as a trans woman. Oh, we had no idea. That's not the type of tucker we like, buddy. Ah, they get very, it's a very weird place to be. Yeah. People who like my humor don't necessarily like my personal life and people who like my personal life don't necessarily like my humor. It's a weird, I guess right. If if nobody feels like you are a hundred percent in, in with them, they, they don't know what to make of you. Well You were saying that about Oliver Anthony and that I wasn't aware of that. He was getting in trouble apparently right after Richmond, north of Richmond came out that people were saying he wasn't really conservative.


Yeah. They, they were giving him shit about saying like, oh, he's not who we thought he was. Meanwhile he writes this great song and people love it. And, and they, they look at his art and they love his art, but because he feels a little bit differently, they, a lot of people turned on him. And it was like, what, what do you give a Shit? I wasn't even aware of that at all. Yeah. I didn't know what I do. You know what the subject was. I don't remember if they, if he had said something after it or if they went back and found out things he had said prior that they felt like his politics didn't line up. It's almost like when they got mad about fucking Dylan Mulvaney, like needing to connect to the belief system of somebody who drinks the same beverage. It's just such fucking psychotic.


That's so stupid. Depending. Again, I've drank piss, so I don't expect a whole lot of people to wind up politically and rally behind me with fucking yellow flags. But I don't, I just don't care. I don't give a fuck. I don't care who, who believes it or like, I don't care. Like what the, I I mean, I'm a I'm, I'm a fucking Sabbath fan. I don't give a shit who those guys vote for. Right. It's, it's so, So stupid Inconsequential to me. Yeah. Well It's just a, a symptom of this bizarrely disconnected society where everybody's so separated. It is. And you gotta, it's gotta be driving you crazy. Or, or maybe you detach it 'cause you see things. I mean, I know you so I'll see them say like, he's just right where, and I'm like, you guys don't really know Joe. It's, it's like, it's, they don't, to see yourself painted in such a way has gotta be at one point frustrating.


And then you have to just let it go. Right. And just, Yeah, you gotta let it go. But when, when I, I mean the most frustrating thing was seeing it on CNNI was like, okay, you, so this thing that I thought was the news for right now, I know you're not accurate at all. 'cause you're, you're attacking me and you're painting me in this very bizarre light because it's convenient for you. There is a weird thing, and maybe this is again, 'cause I'm in my fifties and I remember like thinking the news was real and accurate because I, you know, remember Walter Cronkite and all that shit. Yeah. And it's, I it's this constant sense of disappointment. Like, fuck. Like they're really not what I like, I'm still an idiot who believes in like the adults and they're gonna do the right thing. Yeah.


And it just constantly is a confirmation that Yeah, they are, they're liars. They're fucking biased liars. Yeah. And they're paid to lie. They're just propagandists. That's what the news, the mainstream news is. I mean, there's real news now. Sure. You can get the real news from Glenn Greenwald. You can get the Real news from Matt Taibi. There's a few people out there that'll give you unbiased news. But it's so funny. Like even them, you know, when they will highlight a very particular thing that maybe Trump did or someone did on the right and everybody attacks them. It's like, do do you want them to lie? Yeah. Just 'cause you, you want your team to be infallible. Like, what do you, what do you want? And Glenn Greenwald, I I had never heard of him. I I don't really follow a lot of like what people are saying.


I don't watch debate. But I obviously heard about him when that vi video came out and I saw, and I loved how he handled that. Yeah. He handled it Great. Privacy invasions are so fucking disgusting. Right. They're disgusting when they're done to anybody. I don't care how much you hate the guy's guts, but I was, I, I was like, I don't even know who this guy is, but I like how he addressed that went. Yeah. It's my private life and tough shit. You know? I like, I kind of, I like that he handled that I thought very, very, yeah. He took it head on and Well, John Ronson talked about that in his book. You've been publicly shamed. Yes. You know, like, if you're not ashamed, then it doesn't work. And that's the reality of it. And Glenn handled it perfectly. He's not ashamed. Yeah. And, or well, you can't let them see you're ashamed. 'cause I'm, you know, I, I wake up just dipped in it.


I fucking, it's the first thing I think of. Good morning shame. But That's, you're open about it though. I mean, that's the thing. It's like they can't really attack you for something that you're attacking yourself for. Yes. You know, and if you tell them like, I did something I like, I, I, it's so, it's so I watched I, my special premiered and I went into YouTube and I watched it with people as they were watching and just commenting and talking and this horrible feeling of shame. Even when people are being nice, I can't get away from how embarrassed I am at. Like, it's almost like when people see you doing something, you're like, oh, Jimmy's trying. Look at little Jimmy Trying. Yeah. And I was typing back and everything, but it was, it's so anti what feels good for me to do, even when people are being nice, I find it horrifying and humiliating.


Yeah. I know where that comes from, but I kind of wish I didn't have it.


This episode is brought to you by visible Now, you know, I tend to go down a lot of rabbit holes. I want to know everything about everything. And if you're like that you need wireless that can keep up visible is wireless that lets you live in the know. It's the ultimate wireless hack. You get unlimited data and hotspot. So you're connected on the Go. Plus Visible is powered by Verizon's 5G Network, meaning fast speeds and great coverage. And with the new visible plus Pro plan, you get premium wireless without the premium cost. And the best part, it's all digital. No stores you can switch to visible right from your phone. It only takes about 15 minutes. And then you manage your plan in the app ready for wireless that lets you live in the know. Make the switch at visible.com/rogan plan start at $25 a month for the best features, get the new visible plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply see visible.com for plan features and network management details.


Well, I think everybody hates watching themselves first of all. Because when I watch a comic, I wanna watch a comic doing material either that I know and I wanna see again, you know, like if I'm watching Shane and he's doing his bit on the Navy Seals, I want, I wanna see it again or I want, I just wanna see it, you know, I want to, I want to just, I've never seen it develop. I wanna see the thing. But when you're doing it, you're aware of everything. You're aware of all the edits you've made, you're aware of all the different ways you've done it. Yeah. You're way of, when you're trying to sell it a little too much and you're not in the moment, you know, like yeah. There's all the grossness that you see that other people aren't gonna see. Where you're like, Ew, It's fucking, I hate watching myself.


Fucking dude. Dude, It was so hard. It was so hard not to just attack myself in the chat. Like, all I wanted to do was watch it and go this fucking Blue Sucked Boom. But I'm nice, nice blinking 56-year-old. But I didn't do it. I'm like, don't be a fucking, I think it was Jay Oakerson was doing something and he did his special and he shot it at SK Fest one year. And I think Lewis took him out and they were looking at the stage before And it was one of those guys like, you know, Jay is just like, oh, he's a fucking, Oh fuck. I think Lewis goes, you know, sometimes I know we're like that, but you just gotta enjoy it like once. And I thought of that. I'm like, sometimes just enjoy things are going okay. Yeah. You're happy with what you did. Yeah. I love the special, I love the material.


Don't put yourself in a position where you're like, you fucking saw. Like, it doesn't have To be that way. I feel like just put it out there and walk away from it. Leave it alone. Let people decide what they Yes. Decide I feel. And if you don't like it, you just work on the next one and make sure that you don't make the same mistakes twice. Yeah. That's it. That's all you can do. But I spent a lot of time, like I, I, I wouldn't, I, I don't think I've ever loved anything as I put it out. This I like more, but the older you get, the better you get. So it's like a little easier now than it was. Yeah. The first Tonight show I did was 2004 and I, I was out in LA And it was my buddy Joey Ra, who worked for Evil Angel and would film a lot of the greatest porn. Joey was a fucking, you'd recognize him if you saw him. He was in old movies. So I went to his house to watch my first tonight show with another guy, this other guy, Brandon Iron.


And I went into the basement while they watched it upstairs. I couldn't watch it in front of other people. Oh, that's hilarious. It was just, and it's not to be, 'cause I think I'm an artist. It's just humiliating. Right. It's fucking, it's embarrassing to Yeah. Because I feel like, I'm like, go, are you gonna laugh? Like I just, I don't want people to feel pressure to laugh. Right. Because I'm around. It's weird. It's weird watching yourself. Some guys can do it though. Yeah. They're psychos. They are fucking psychopaths. They're probably not healthy. Oh my God, dude. The fuck. Do You know what mental illness you need to sit someone down next to you when your special's playing? How about people that want you to watch their thing and they wanna sit there with you? Like, Hey, watch this. You're like, I don't, I I don't wanna Watch this. I, it's, it's, it's, it puts you in a weird, if I, if I do an acting role, I don't love acting, which is great.


'cause nobody loves, when I do it, it works out nicely. But if I do something I like, I have to see it first and I have to watch it and go, okay, I'm not embarrassed by this. I can go and watch it in a, in a premiere. Like, You know what I mean? Like, I, I have to see it first. Right. To know if I'm gonna feel humiliated. The Irishman, I didn't see first, obviously Scorsese's not gonna send me a fucking cut. And I didn't know I made it until like, literally the, the night before. But that was different because I'm like, I don't care how, whatever it was just, it was a standup performance, so. Right, right, right. A little bit Easier than Oh yeah. Acting. It's humiliating. Yeah. It's gross. I don't like any of it. I, when I've been in a couple movies, I've refused to go to the red carpet. I sneak in through the back. I'm like, they were like, I want you to walk the red carpet.


I'm like, Nope. Is it because you don't like, 'cause everyone would talk to you. I'm afraid no one's gonna talk to me on the red carpet. Like, it's, it's, do you know how embarrassing it is when you, you hear that person who walks you through in the front and like, you're, you're standing there ready for your moment and you hear they're going Jim Norton. And then one, you'll hear a second. And then she goes, Jim Norton, he's a comedian. And it's like, Oh fuck. They have no idea who I am. It's just humiliating. So I don't like doing it, man. I, I Do it, but I just don't like the attention. I don't like standing there while they take pictures. Just standing there, just looking around. Look at me, Joe, look at me. Look at me Over here. Over Here. Some people love it. Yeah. Actresses love it. They pose, they like give you their good side.


Yeah. Oh yeah. Give you a little bit of practice in the mirror. Ugh. But I almost understand that I have more tolerance for actors who love it because even though they're as big of, you know, attention idiots as we are, they don't get the constant feedback. Like for them it's their night of feedback. Right. Right. Whereas with us we're like, I mean, ev I've been on a run for like four nights before I came here actually at the cell I had four like shit nights in a row. Just all the material I'm doing now is new. So it's like I'm trying this And, you know, it just feels like you're Frankenstein it. Yeah. It's not there yet, but I know I'm gonna have another night and another night And it, and that comes and goes quickly. But actors, they have like one night to stand there and smile and then they just get attacked in the fucking, in the comments or in the reviews.


Yeah. So I'm a little more tolerant of them than comedians who, 'cause comedians who love that. It's like, how much fucking attention do you need, dude? Yeah. Yeah. You Constantly get feedback. Yeah. You should be shying away from feedback. Too much feedback is bad for you. Dude. I really believe That. A hundred percent. And I stopped, I, I stopped reading Twitter comments occasionally. I'll do it now. And it wasn't just to say I wasn't reading them, it was because even positive feedback. I call, I'm like, you needy. Fuck. How much, how much you know, how many taps on the shoulder do you need? How many, like, good job, Jim. Or you suck. Like how much interaction from people do you need? It's not normal. It's not healthy. I Stopped reading almost everything, even stuff that's not me.


And I stopped a couple weeks ago. I just stopped going on social media. I will occasionally, if someone sends me something funny, I'll watch it, but then I get off my phone right away. Do you, I I just, and I think on my new phone number that I'm gonna get, I'm not gonna have any social media. I'm just gonna keep my old phone number and only use that for social media. I just don't think it's good for you. It's not. And although there's times, like my algorithm, I I'm, I'm obsessed with, I think we talked about just Japanese hornets and a lot of MMA, like my algorithm is healthier now than it would be. There's still a few things that will pop up that, you know, show what I've been looking at. Like, if my wife is next to me, she'll see what I'm looking at. I'm like, well I'm not, it's just, you know, you know how it's, yeah. You go down the rabbit hole, you probably shouldn't go down. But it's not as unhealthy as it would've been at one point.


Like a lot of it is just MMA stuff and, and, and animals and nice shit. Yeah. I get a lot of that. A lot of it's people get knocked out. You like the knocked out. I like watching jiujitsu tips. 'cause then I'll bring them in in and ask, ask the guy to show me like, like how do you, is it possible to do this? And he'll kind of show me and I'll just forget it. But it's, it's fun. Yeah. I've got a lot of that too. But it's just, I just think it's a giant waste of time. And it's also your brain needs time to just think and you need time to just be in your own head and think about your own thoughts and trying to formulate them properly. Really. Like get an under like why do I think this way? Why, what is, what is it about this that is, that I've decided is correct.


Right. And roll it around. And when you're constantly looking at other people's thoughts, I just don't think it gives you much time for that. That's Exactly it. Why do I think what I think? Yeah, like Hitchens did a great speech. It was in Toronto about free speech. And one of the things he was talking about is when somebody says something that you don't agree with, I think the example he gave was Holocaust denial. He goes, you have to protect that person's speech because if nothing else, it makes you examine, okay, well how do I know what I know? Yes. How do I know other than someone told me? Like, you have to kind of examine how you come to your own conclusions. And I do that a lot. Like in the shower, I'll just kind of stand there. It's really like, we all have a weird showering method.


I just kinda stand there with my hands like this. It's bizarre. It's like wo like, and I just stand there and I think, or I go through arguments or I go through conversations or debates and that's the one time I really get to, to think during the day where I don't Yeah. Let anything else interfere. But being off social media is probably a lot healthier. Just again, it's other people's thoughts who care. I don't care what people think. I don't know why I read it. Well, I care what people think, but I don't care enough to have that intervene and invade my thoughts all day long. I mean, I'm fascinated by people, but I like to talk to them for real, for real. Like this. Yeah. This is like, you know, because I, I think that's also having a podcast and having what I think is the best way to communicate with people and to be able to be so lucky to be able to do it all the time.


I think I get plenty of other people's input. Right. And you get the, the real opinions. Yeah. And you get to, you sense in a room with a person. Again, it's, it's, it's harder to dislike or to, or to caricature somebody when you've met them and when you've actually sat with them, it's like, nah, I, I know this person. I kind of felt their energy and it's like, yeah, they're just a regular person. It's easy when you look at somebody to hate their guts. Yeah. And I bashed a few people. It was always so embarrassing. We would do Jack Tober and Yeah. You know, o and a never went into other people's studios, but I would and I'd be on the road And it was the fucking, I was in Boston with Kenny one time. He's like, they're having you in, but you jocked hoed them. And I was like, oh, Oh, oh.


So I went in and you know, you you you just go. They're like, yeah, you really? And I'm like, yeah man. It was just something we do. But you have, you face it and you realize Yeah, they're nice guys. It was just, yeah. It's a dumb radio show. I had fun and I've actually become friendly with a couple of guys who we used to attack. But you only get that through meeting somebody and actually talking to them one on one. Right. The mo the worst is when you meet someone and you have a conversation with them and you're cool, cool. You think, oh, we're good. And then they'll go and talk shit about you somewhere else and completely mischaracterize you. Have you had that? Oh yeah, yeah. I've had that. Yeah. That's embarrassing. It's sad. It feels bad. Yeah. Well it's just like, okay, well I'll never talk to you again 'cause I know that you do this now. 'cause It's crazy.


Yeah. And, but it's also, it's like, why are you doing that? Generally it's when I had a conversation with them And it didn't go well for them. Right. So they'll then they just harbor that thing and then they just fucking stew it in their head and then they just mischaracterize you and try to twist you around. 'cause they're trying to win. Yes. This argument they already lost. Yes. You know, it's like, you know, when you get in an argument, you, you didn't have anything to say and then you're in the shower, you're like, ah, I should have said this. Yeah, I should have said that. Yeah. But they're just doing that and they're just going and doing that on another podcast. Yes. Re re-litigating. Yeah. What the jury has already coming on. Yes. Yes. And it's human instinct to do. I also think sometimes people do it and they don't think you're gonna see it.


Right. Like, especially when you're, you're, you know, you have such a high level of like, recognition that if somebody, they're probably like, I'll never see this. And I can just, and then you see it and they're probably like, Ugh. Yeah, I shouldn't have said that. Yeah. But I've read things that hurt my feelings. I'm like, why would you say that? Like, yeah, I was nice to you. I don't know. It's weird. It's like, you know, humans are so strange. We're so strange in our weird little quirks and the way we communicate with each other and what is truth, what's real? Who are you? You know, who are you, you're, you're different every day. Yeah. You're different depending on how your day went. You know, your reaction to something is, I remember one time this guy wasn't paying attention. Traffic was stopped and he rear-ended me. And he didn't have a license.


He was from Mexico, but I had been doing yoga like every day. And I was like, you okay? And he's like, yeah, I'm okay. I'm like, all right man. And I go, why don't you have a license? He's like, I can't get a license. I go, I go, well, so why are you driving? He's like, I gotta work. I go, all right. I get it. I wasn't mad at him. Yeah. But it was 'cause I was doing yoga. Like every day we were doing this hot yoga challenge. Ari and Tom and Bur and I, I remember that we were doing it like, I was doing yoga like every day. So I was so calm. I was like, okay, well take care of yourself. I'm gonna get outta here. 'cause his car was fucked. My car was fucked. But it was, it was drivable. Yeah. It was a Porsche. Like it was a really nice car. Yeah. And he had like this fucking shitty Honda.


And he, but you know, the way he broke, like when you break your, your front end dives down. And so he kind of got under my car and lifted my car up a little bit and caved in my back bumper a little bit. But they just replaced the bar and the engine wasn't fucked. And my exhaust was dented a little bit. His car was fucked. He couldn't drive. So he gotta be there when the cops came. And you know, he couldn't drive away. Right. And I was like, I don't know what to tell. I'm gonna get outta here. Oh, you Just left? Yeah. Yeah. I was like, he doesn't have any money. Like, I'll, I'm gonna pay for this. Yes. And I'm like, this is gonna hurt me. I have the money to fix it. So, all right. Take care, man. Glad you're okay. Being zen like that. Like, because it reminds me of, I was leaving the Lincoln, the Holland Tunnel with Karen Feehan.


We were doing a gig in Jersey And it was bumper to bumper. And I came, you know, it's, there was like that merge where you think you're never gonna get out of it. And a guy stopped and he goes, you hit my car. And I'm like, I know I didn't hit his car, but he made us, it was bumper to bumper. I'm like, let's just talk on the other side of the tunnel. Like, let's get outta this. Fuck. 'cause I was gonna be late for the gig. And he goes, no, we're gonna pull over and wait for the police. So I'm like, God, this piece of shit is trying to shake me down. Yeah. So we wound up one of those awful traffic women was there, you know, the, the, the people that just, they work for the city and they dress like cops, but they're not cops. Right. But if you assault one of them, it's like a big deal. So we pulled over and, and I said, is it okay if we just trade licenses? And she went, yeah, just trade licenses.


Which I think kind of shamed him into like, letting us move on. Otherwise he was gonna have me fucking held up there or, or pay him on that. So You didn't hit his car at all? Karen said, I didn't, it was a merge and if I did, it was a one mile an hour bump. But there was no mark on his car at all. I think the whole thing was a scam. 'cause we traded licenses and I never heard from the Guy. You ever seen that thing where people get in front of people's cars and slam on the brakes? It's, I've seen it. Oh, And it, I mean, it, it's terrible. And the best of what? You have a dash cam. Oh yeah. And then you see them, they recognize that dash cam and then they just scurry back into their cars.


This the one, this episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. Summer jobs can be extremely rewarding. You can learn a lot about yourself and what you want. And there are some pretty unique jobs out there from lifeguards and camp counselors to construction, dog walking, mule packers and more. There's a lot of options if you have the skills. On the flip side, if you are hiring this summer, it might be tough to find the right person with the right qualifications before your competitors, unless you use ZipRecruiter. Try it for free now at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Why should you use ZipRecruiter? It's gonna make hiring for the season astronomically more manageable and fast. It's powerful. Matching technology does a deep dive to find the right candidates for the role as soon as you post it. And when you find someone you like, the invite to apply feature helps you connect asap. Gear up for summer with ZipRecruiter, high speed hiring tools. Cy, four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. Just go to this exclusive web address right now to try ZipRecruiter for free. ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. ZipRecruiter the smartest way to hire,


there was one recently, I think it was in New Jersey, where these people, they tried it And it didn't work and they threw it in reverse and backed up fast and slammed into this guy's car. But this or this lady's car. But she had a dash cam the entire time. Yes. And she's on the phone. Oh my God. These people just backed up into me. And then they got outta the car and they're like, what did you do? What'd you do? And then they saw the dash cam and they're like, Oh, fuck yeah, I've seen that. And they all got arrested. I think that's what I'm referring to. Where, where they, they scurry back into the car and take off. Yep. Yep. When I saw like, I'm so cynical. Like, people in Philly, you gotta let people in Philly. Like if a bus hits something, there's like locals that will just run up and just lay next to the bus. Like they're in the fucking accident. Which is, I get it. You know what I mean? But they forget that there's cameras everywhere and they could just see you walking up.


But this India Air, air India plane crash, I would, my first thought was that this guy, they said survived. I'm like, oh, he's bullshitting. He didn't. Right. He's faking it. No, he survived. But he did survive. Yeah. 'cause they said one guy, his brother was on the plane or something. 11 A seed. 11 a. And by the way, to all the people who are gonna now look for 11 a stop. Yeah. Stop. If if if anything else, that's the last seat you should take. Usually it's the back where you're best off. Yeah. I wonder if the plane broke open and he just got, there's a woman who, who was a, I think she was a teenager. And it happened. It was called the woman who, the girl who fell from the sky. And she had, apparently they were like two miles up and her, the plane blew up, whatever. And it came apart and she fell two miles, somehow survived.


Whole Survivor. She hit a barn. Right? Didn't she hit go through the roof of a barn Or something like that? No, she fell into the, what do they call the, the fucking the, the Brazil rainforest. Oh, the Amazon Brazil. She fell into the, Amazon was gone for 10 days. Whoa. Apparently, again, unless it was bullshit. They said she found an old boat with gas and she had to pour that on one of her wounds to kill the maggots. Whoa. And then she finally did get out and get rescued. And Look at this Juliana 17-year-old girl miraculously survived, falling 10,000 feet from a plane than surviving 11 days. Isn't 10,000 feet, isn't that two miles? No. What's a mile? Yeah. It's about two miles. Two miles. Yeah. Jesus Christ. Imagine falling two miles from a plane.


Survived 11 days alone. The Peruvian Amazon rainforest. After the plane she was on, she was struck by lightning. Jesus. I didn't read that part. The plane was struck by lightning and disintegrated in the air, still strapped to her seat, fell from the sky and survived. Holy shit, man. What did she hit though? Did she hit like a mountain and sli like how do you the impact though? I don't know how you survived that impact. Oh my God. She had a broken collarbone, a torn liga knee ligament. That's it. Wow. After the crash, she spent 11 days alone in the jungle before being rescued, she found a lumberjack camp. Wow. Yeah. It's crazy. Wow. She became a respected scientist specializing mammal and focusing on bats.


Wouldn't it be funny if she was the lady who released COVID Because her memory's no good anymore after the plane crash. Ah, here drink this. She, you know, she specialized on bats and she got a job in Wuhan. She had no idea. She had no idea. She's like, be free bit some guy selling fish on the corner. And he went home, fucked somebody. Oh. But there was another one too. There was a, a flight attendant, and again, who I think was trapped, the front of the plane fell. And I think that she was almost from 30,000 feet, and if I remember correctly, it hit a mountain And it was almost like she hit it on the right angle and slid. Oh Yeah. There it is. Yeah. Oh, you Highest fall without a parachute in history.


33,000 foot plunge after a plane explosion. 72. She was the only survivor crashed into the mountains of Czechoslovakia after suspected bomb detonated. Geez. Bought the lady who felt her parachute didn't open and she landed on a pile of ants, fire ants. And the fire ants kept her alive. Right, right. Shocked Her body into, Yeah. Somehow or another, the fire ants, the, the, the shock of the sting of fire ants kept her alive. Why did they slow her heart down or something? Or stop it from I know What Mentioned the odds of falling into a fire ant pile. It's usually a bad thing to land, land in a mount of fire ants at 80 miles an hour. But not if you're Joan Murphy. Oh, Joan Murray. 14,000 feet right into a fucking pile.


50% chance of surviving a fall of 48 feet. Yeah. Which is a four story building. Mortality rate rushes all the way up to 90 when you fi fall 84 feet a distance of a seven story building. So if you're falling from a whopping four, 14,500 feet just over two and a half miles, you safely bet you're almost definitely not going to get outta alive. One woman did. So she fell a back parachute opened at 700 feet, quickly deflated. She continued to plummet towards the ground at 80 miles an hour. She survived. There it goes. She survived. Thanks to the fact that she landed directly in Mount of Fire Ants. Doctors believe the intense shock being stung over 200 times by the ants released a surge of adrenaline that kept her heart beating.


Whoa. By the way, does that prove to you how little I know about the human body? My instinct said that. Oh, your heart slows down. Like I felt like, oh, maybe it would slow your heart down when they bit you. And it does just the opposite. I I felt like maybe, maybe it slows your beat down, like being frozen. I Bet that's just a wild guess as to why it kept her alive. 'cause if she was putty, you know, there's no way it would've kept her alive. Yeah. You know, may maybe it stopped her heart from maybe they got to it right after too. You know, who knows? You've watched that guy who fucking lets things bite him in the woods. Coyote something. You know, he go to Coyote Peterson, he's a psychopath, but his stuff is very entertaining. But I think he said the bullet ant, the bullet ant or the Japanese Hornet was, was the, The worst, the bullet ant's supposed to be the worst. The bullet ant's supposed to be like 24 hours of intense pain.


Yeah. My friend Steve got bit by one of those On purpose or no? No, he was in the Amazon. He got bit on his foot And was it as bad as he said, Said for hours it was just impossible. The pain was just impossible. And then it's slowly dissipated to like kind of manageable, You know? Is that the one that they put in the gloves? Yeah. Did you see that one? The tribe where they do that and their hands are like blackened by bites. Did Stevo do that? Yep. Did he? Yeah, he did that. He put the gloves on. How long did he last? Well, once you get bit, it's a 24 hour experience. Yeah. I'm very squeamish. Insects. It's funny, funny. I've never gotten over this insect. I think I saw a kid, there was a brother and sister when I was a kid.


We were all the same age. I think she was a year older than me and him were. And they were such a, such a bizarre little friendship. 'cause they used to pee their pants and I would ask them to sit on my face with their pants. It was a really bizarre Yeah, I know. It was a very, it was a lovely childhood. And good old Edison, good old Edison, New Jersey. But I saw him get stung by yellow jackets. Whoa. What is that? That's a, that's the worst thing. Execution or wasp. Oh. But Coyote Peterson said it was worse than a bullet Ant. Oh my God. Watching a guy run with bees on his arms and screaming. I think that scarred me for the rest of my life with insects. We used to break up bees nest, and I'll never forget the sight of this kid running ah, with just three yellow jackets on his arm.


And I just, that stuck with me for I guess 49 years now. 50 years. It bothers me. I just can't, they weird insects have a very weird effect on people. Oh yeah. Like to be so skied out by something. It's like rats instead of like, small bunnies don't bother you, but rats do. Maybe it's in the DNA or something where it's supposed to bother you. I think so. For sure. I think that's what a fia phobia and arachnophobia comes from. You know, I, I bet someone in your DNA someone down the line was either killed by a, a spider or like really badly hurt by a spider. And it's just in your DNA to be absolutely terrified when you see a spider. What's A, what's a Video phobia? Snakes. Oh. Some people just, they have it so bad.


Like they see snakes and they just fucking start panic and they go, they have a panic attack and they just can't handle it. Where other people, like I, I'm scared of snakes for sure. Yeah. But, but I can look at 'em. You know, they don't freak me out. Can you hold them? Yeah. Yeah. I can hold them, but I, you know, obviously I don't wanna be around them. They're, they're fucking serpents. They're literally in the Bible. Yeah. Yeah. The Bible does frown the snake in a bed. Rap in the fucking Bible. They're fucking Satan. Satan comes in the form of a certain, A certain certain. Yeah. I, I can hold one if I know it's not gonna, I got, again, I have a, a healthy fear. Like if it's like Yeah. If it's, if, if it's, if I know it's a bolo constrictor, let that guy in the Granite Village who walks around the giant yellow one, which kind of creeps. Because if it was to really attack someone, I mean, I guess you'd have to kill it.


There's nothing you can do. Yeah. It's a large bubble constrictor. There's not much You can do. Once it's around your neck, you need help. You know, they're very strong. I mean, they, they crush deer and swallow 'em whole. They Do. Yeah. I mean, you gotta, you gotta be a real special kind of fucking idiot to have one of those things as a pet. Because you just have a monster as a pet. And as long as you feed that monster. But if you leave a baby in a room with a python, you come back a half an hour later, you're gonna have a fat python. No Baby. Absolutely. In a nice, quiet night sleep. They Don't give a fuck. They're just like, they're, that's what they're there for. Nature is designed them to kill everything they can. I can't. Annie Letterman has a lot of snakes.


Like she has them as pets. And her, her fiance has, they have a Bed tracks A room full of fucking snakes. And I don't get it. I'm like, they're not warm. Yeah. They don't have any recognition of you. Very interesting. I guess. I guess. But I have, we have a puppy and I've never owned a dog before. And it's like, it's nice to have, I don't like taking care of anything. I fucking, I don't have that instinct in me. I just don't like it. But this dog kind of, I get why people like having a dog. Like, I get it. Oh, I love dogs. If, if my wife only lets me have one, I have one dog. But if it, it was up to me at one point in time. I had five dogs. You did? Yeah. Does he shit in the house? No. Mine Does a lot. I mean, he does, if he eats things that are bad, he gets diarrhea and he gets diarrhea at least a couple times a Year.


Oh, he does? Yeah. He's a dumb ass. He's a golden retriever. He is not that smart. Like, he ate a turtle recently and he got horrible diarrhea. Shit all over the place. He got little pieces of shell stuck in his stomach. He had to go to the hospital. Oh really? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It was, it was a nightmare. And he also ate gravel at one point. He ate five pounds of gravel. 'cause someone accidentally dropped some chicken food on the gravel and he just assumed that the gravel was food. So he ate all the gravel. It is crazy how nothing registers halfway through the gravel pile. This is not, he's just a dumb ass. Doesn't taste like chicken. He's a dumb ass. But I fucking love dogs, man. I, I wish I I, I could have, I can't go to a pound. I, I can't go. If I could dog, he would bring 'em home.


I'll bring 'em all home. I just like, I'll take 'em all. If I had a giant piece of land, I would probably just have all, every dog I could ever get. We went, we went to North Shore Animal Rescue and actually Beth Stern helped me. I don't know her well, I met her through Whitney and I had met her. What? But she's like, is huge there and like, had great connections and helped us get a very nice little, what is it? A fucking Yorkie? We, we, we were so stupid. We thought it was a, I thought it was a Cava. PI dunno what the fucking kind of dog it was. What's a cava poo? It's like a, it's like one of those things where it's like a bread dog. It's, it's a cavalier and a poodle, I think. Okay. But it's hypoallergenic. I can't have dog. Right? Oh, look at that.


I mean, come On. Aw. Is that not phenomenal? Come on, come on. Look at little Bow. That used to be a wolf. That's how fucking creepy people are. They turned a wolf into that thing. That Little adorable No shedding thing. Look At that little face. Oh, He's very cute. But that's what we thought we were getting. I didn't know because a Yorkie looks a lot like that when it's young. I mean, it was like this big when we took it home. But yeah, it's, I I love it. My dog photograph's like shit, though. I never put up pictures of my dog. He's a this sweetheart, but he looks like a fucking wig and a hamper just sucks. I can't humiliate on ugly fucking dog heaven in pictures. But in person. He's said great's. I just, I never post pictures. It's just, it's not Cute. Put a filter on him, Nothing's gonna help.


He's just kind of sitting there. It looks like he's fucking, like homeless. Like some homeless guy's dog. But I do, I love having him. But the shitting in the house is very difficult. Oh yeah. I think that's my first Got him. Oh, you see, he looks a little like a cava poop. That's adorable dog. Then he was, but as he's gotten older and his hair's gotten longer, He's gotten shitty looking In person. No, but on, in I, he photographs Fucking terrible. Let me see a picture. Let me see a bad picture of Your dog. Let me see if I have, I put up on my Instagram. I think I put up a video recently and the screen grab, I tried to find the cutest screen grab and I just couldn't, so let see if here, maybe it's Just you. Maybe if I saw him. I think he's adorable.


I can guarantee you're gonna go like, he might be great in person. It's like when somebody, but I wouldn't, I would never, I would never classify this as a cute dog. Hold on. All I'm, it's not opening because of, but I'll find it. Oh, there's no cell phone signal in here. Is that on purpose Or is it? No, it's just the walls are thick. Do you guys have wifi or no? Yeah, I can't find it. Forget It. Alright. It's okay. I get it. Oh Wait, is that it? That's, that's actually not that bad. Aw, that's cute. But there was one I put come on. That's actually a very nice one. Look is a Little blue bow. Yeah. We've fucking somebody in the house really mowed 'em up. That wasn't my fucking, that's A cute little dog. Yeah. All right. That's a nice picture. But typically photographs very poorly.


Mm. But we can't, he won't stop shitting the house. Oh no. Like, I can't Will you live in an apartment? We live in an apartment. That's part of the problem. We put him on a terrace. Yeah. And she'll go out there with him and, and she walks him. I won't walk him. It's like, I It's your dog. I don't want fuck him. I don't want, You know what I mean? Like I'm not, again, I don't have that instinct. I'm happy you have him and you love him, but he just won't stop shitting in the house. I don't know what to do. I'm getting to a point where like, I, I like, this is why I didn't want a fucking dog. Yeah. I can't handle dog shit in my house. It's kind of gross. Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty gross. I heard that. I want, I'm debating, do I pay for a trainer? Do I pay for someone to come in and just, They might not be able to. It might be one of them broken little fucking tiny dogs.


You just can't stop shitting in your house. I don't know though. I've never had, I hope not like one of those kind of dogs.


This episode is brought to you by Tommy John support and softness every day. Tommy John's a new sponsor for us. And I gotta tell you guys about their incredible underwear. I've been trying out Tommy John's breathable, lightweight fabrics, super happy with the quality. No sweat, no chafe, just comfort. And they look so good. So if you've been suffering in silence, you know, making awkward adjustments, Tommy John's gonna solve all that for you. You are gonna love them. In fact, once you try Tommy John's, you'll stick with them because they won't get stuck to you. Tommy John's sold over 30 million pairs. Millions of guys are way more comfortable than you are right now. And you gotta change that. You're covered with Tommy John's risk-free guarantee. So if it's not the best pair you've ever worn, money back, no questions asked. The two Joe Rogan experienced listeners right now, get 25% off your first order@tommyjohn.com slash rogan. 25% off risk-free at tommy john.com/rogan.


We all know Americans are still recovering from years of surging prices. Now, some in Congress wanna make cuts to Medicaid. A program that provides critical healthcare to 72 million struggling Americans, including veterans, people with disabilities, kids and your friends and neighbors. 40% of American births are covered by Medicaid. And Medicaid covers healthcare costs for a third of children with cancer. Working families rely on this program. It has 77% support. Nearly nine in 10 Americans oppose Medicaid cuts. Did you know that 12 million Medicaid families live in rural communities? Many of these people voted for President Trump, but they didn't vote for this. If Congress cuts Medicaid, a lot of rural hospitals could close and a lot of rural families will be hurt. No matter how you look at it. Cutting Medicaid just doesn't make sense. Tell Congress not to cut Medicaid, our health and our communities to depend on it. Paid for by the coalition to strengthen America's healthcare.


Wait, In New York, it helps. Like you have a small little, first of all, I'm not qualified to own a big one. I don't know how like people own like Mastiffs and I in New York. In New York City. That's crazy. You can't and you can't get insurance for them. That's what made me like, if you have a doman or a Rottweiler or Pit, you can't get insurance. Homeowner's insurance. So if somebody gets bit, you're fucked. Oh yeah. And that's what scared me about those dogs. German Shepherd. Oh Yeah. Especially German Shepherds. Well also like those dogs need a lot of exercise. They need a lot of activity or they get anxious. Yeah. And they get kind of crazy because they're not supposed to be penned in like that. They're working dogs. Right. They're supposed to be out there running around. And if you don't run 'em, if you don't exercise 'em every day, they, they get like people do when they don't exercise every day, they get kooky.


Yeah. I became a little obsessed with it. You ever see those Caucasian shepherds? Oh yeah. Like I want to pet one of those things or those. That's A big giant fucking thing. It comes up, it goes like 200 pounds. Yeah. It's fucking hair. It's a disaster. It's a werewolf. Yeah, it's a werewolf. It's a monster. Yeah. But something like that, I would love to, you know, spend a moment with or go someplace and and play with it. But I just, you know. Yeah. I mean, Look at that thing. Geez. Slobbering all via fucking sofas. Look this 220 pounds. Yeah. Jeez. Shitting. Well, they use those things to keep wolves away from sheep. Yeah. Yeah. And Russian prisons. I think they, I've seen footage of Russian prisons, like where they have them around the perimeter. Oh, in, there's a fence in between like freedom and the jail and they kind of keep them in there. I Wonder what their temperament is.


Like. They're Aggressive. That's what I've heard. They're very aggressive. They're bad with people. Strong, powerful, alert. Quick, dominant, calm. What? Yeah, they just, somebody just threw adjectives up there. Yeah. How'd they throw? Calm in there. Steady, strong, independent, faithful, self-assured calm. That's weird. The, do you ever see those? Do, what do they call Dogo? RR Those are, they look like giant and pit bulls. They're gorgeous dogs. But again, they're hyper Aggressive. They are aggressive, right? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Great guard dogs. Hyper aggressive. They will fuck you up. And they, I think those were the dogs that Ving Rames had when someone he, it killed like someone working at his house.


Yeah. When He was Ving Rames or before? Yeah. Oh, Ving. I'm pretty sure it was Ving Rames. I think something happened and someone, maybe they were there where they're not supposed to be there or something happened and someone, I think it was someone working for him got killed by his dog. Was he is, is it him or Charles Dutton who did time in jail for murder? I think it was murder. I don't wanna get sued, but I, I think it was Charles Dutton or him that actually before they were actors went to jail. I just don't remember if who it was Ving Rams or Charles Dutton. I don't Know. I don't Know. Yeah. It was one of those guys that had like a really interesting backstory. I wonder if that happened. Let's Go find out with Vin Graham's dog first. Then we'll Google. Did Charles Dutton murder somebody? I think, I think it might have been Dutton.


I think you're right. This is the funny thing to Google. Yeah. Coroner Said that the, he did not die from in the Vin Graham's case. He did not die from dog bites. They were waiting for a toxicology Report. Oh, did he? Maybe he had a stroke and then the dog bit him. Like, sometimes that happens. Like if someone has like a seizure, dogs will bite them. Like, dogs don't know what the fuck is going on. Right. And they freak out and they bite 'em. When animals attack humans or other animals, victims usually end up with bites around the head and neck. He had none. This leads us to believe he went down for some other medical reason. Oh, that makes sense. So the bites were around his arms and his legs. So yeah, the dog mighta, bull mastiffs, English bulldog, and three bull mastiffs.


200 Pounds. Geez. 200 pounds. You wondered if they were trying to wake him up or trying to pull him somewhere? Or if they were attacking, like, because you're right. If they don't bite the face, what's the purpose of what would They do? Yeah. I bet it wasn't. I I bet that's what it was. Sometimes that does happen when dogs will freak out if someone has a seizure. Right. They, they don't know what the hell's going on. They like bite the person. Yeah. Like what's he doing? They're Freaking out. You know? Probably not even bite him to try to hurt 'em just to try to stop whatever's happening. 'cause freaking him out. Well, There was speculation after Siegfried and Roy when, when Roy got dragged off. Yes. I don't know what's true or not. Did did the thing bite his head? Or was it actually trying to save him? Take him away. Yeah. I don't know what, Yeah, there was like a lady that had a crazy hat or something like that and the tiger was kind of weirded out by this lady's hat.


Is that what it was? That's what I remember. But I, I just remember thinking, duh. Like the tiger just did what Tigers do. Yeah. And just decided, I don't like this anymore. Are they both dead? It's gonna Bite you. I don't know. I Know Roy Horn died, I think. Yeah, I just saw they're making a Netflix series about, or Apple TV series about 'em eight episode series. Andrew Garfield and someone else are playing. Did you ever see the HBO thing on Liberace? Is is that where with Tom Pop was in It? The Kendall Opera? Well, it was Matt Damon and what the fuck is his name? Who played Scott Thorson? The Guy Greed is good. You know that guy? Michael Douglas.


Michael Douglas? Yeah. Michael Douglas played Liberace, I believe. Right? Didn't he? Did he? Yeah. I didn't remember That. Yeah, it was Michael Douglas and Matt Damon. Oh, he Played Scott Thorson. Matt Damon. Yes. He played the guy who got plastic surgery to look like Liberace. He's a classic. What A psycho. Yeah. I Interviewed him. Boyfriend get plastic surgery to look like him. I'm wanna fuck me. I know. That's the last person I would wanna look like I go to a surgeon and say anything. But this Isn't that. That is such a psychotic thing to wanna fuck you. Oh my God. That's so crazy. I want you to look like me. Get your chin down and look like me. Is that a power thing or is it a fucking It's a very bizarre, Yeah.


Pure narcissism or just crazy. Yeah. All the above power for sure. Power over that guy. Right. He probably had the ultimate power in that relationship. Yeah. 'cause he's Liberace, he's this enormous superstar. And this guy's his bitch, you know? And like, I want you to get a different chin. You're Gonna look like me. He Got a crazy Chin. Yeah, he did. He looks, he looked Liberace. He looked very silly. It Was a fun fucking film though. Yeah. Tomm Papa had a part of this. Look at that. Rob. Low. Wow. It's a really fun. Joey Diaz used to have a great bit about it. About the, about the, about the HBO thing. Yeah. I mean, Liberace was a fucking weird case, right. Because he had to pretend that he was straight forever.


Yeah. And it's so obvi like today. He wouldn't have to, no, he could just be Liberace. But back then he had, do you ever see the song? There he is. Look at that super straight. Look at the rings. Do you ever see the song when Liberace winks at me? No. So this is a song that played on television in like the 1950s when, you know the world was in Innocent. Yes. And it was a woman who was like swooning when Liberace would wink at her. And then so they played the it, so it's Liberace playing the piano and like looking at the girl and Winking. Oh. And they like made like a twinkle in his eye when it went. You, let's, let's play it because it's, it's so bad. Here it is. Here it is.


Put you put the headphones on. You gotta see this. What is it, 53? Is that what it said? 55. 55. So she's watching him on TV and she sings, watch this God, President of the club. I'm, I'd like to join club. It would simply be divine.


I Start to shake, I start to shiver. And every fiber in my be seems to quiver. It's the feeling very close to Ecstasy. Ugh. That's what happens. Wow. First of all, it looks like Jim Florentine. Everybody freaks me out. How Many winks You hear the piano Key, like little tinkle, Clink, clink. That's so weird. What a weird time it was back then. Dude, There's a video of him too on Instagram where the, it, it was in the sixties when he was trying to get with the, he was trying to like, you know, be with the movement man, be Cool man.


And it was like something about something groovy. And it's just him on a piano with all of these like, like, you know, 20 year olds just trying so hard to get the kids. Oh really? Oh, it's so, it's In The sixties. It's, I think it's in the, in the, it looks like it's like 1967. 19. Yeah. Is that it? Oh my. Oh Boy. Playing. Oh, Groo Groovy. Look at these guys. Their pants. Groovy. Come to watch your flowers. God, look at their pants.


The piano's got flowers on it. God, people really lost their fucking minds in the sixties, didn't they? Yeah. This is very drug inspired. Imagine putting those pants on. Where's the, Where's he does come out? I'm not sure where he does. Oh, there he, he is. Ah, there he is. At least he's stretched for the occasion. Look at him. He's got the thumbs up. You're looking wild. Look at his fucking vest Child. Ah, Look at him.


God, that's so weird. What you shaking? I gotta Try that Liberace's turning on Feeling gr Liberace's turning on. Isn't that great? Oh God, that's so weird. And look, the piano's moving. And he had to hold two girls. Like, yeah. I'm just here to get some puss. He's turning on. Yeah, this is like the acid days. But it's so crazy that like, this was actually probably not meant to be shitty and ironic, but it was meant to be like, Hey, he's this cool guy. Oh, getting with the scene. He's getting with the scene man.


And he's out there with his piano and all these weird people with flowers on their pants. And The dancing, the dance routine is, is just not the straightest. Look at him. Go With the vest. The vest is hilarious. Yes. It's like plastic. Yeah. It's like this fucking raincoat that they turn into a vest Along like orange, like almost like Shakespeare sleeve type of shirt. So Strange. God, people were so weird. But you gotta think, like in the 1960s, television had only been around for like 20 years. Yeah, that's what's weird. It's what's really weird if you really stop and think about it. It was so new. No one. It's kind of like the internet, right? Like the internet was, the internet is older today than television was then.


Yeah, yeah. You're right. Yeah. It's 30 years old now. Yeah. Yeah. The internet basically came around. I got on the internet for the first time in 94. I got on America Online. You've got mail. Yes. And I remember, this is crazy. I couldn't believe it. It hooked up to my phone. It was a 14 four connection. Like Yeah. 14 k. Yeah. Slow as shit. And then I got 56 k. I thought I was a boss. Like, look at me. 56 K. You know, and I remember thinking, this is crazy. Like this never existed before. So that was 30 years ago. 31 years ago. This was just 20 years after tv. Really? Like when did TV really start happening? Fifties. In the fifties.


I wanna fifties say in the fifties. Fifties. Yeah. I don't think it was in the 1940s. I mean, it was in the fifties. What was the first television Hitler broadcasted? I, I was, But that must have been in the forties. There. There was 'cause in the movie contact with, they show you that Hitler broadcast. I, which they say was like one of the first he Brought he broadcasted on the radio or on Televis television? No, it was the tv. I think. I Know they used to do a lot of World War II stuff in the movie theaters. You'd go to the movie theater and you get the news, the allied front, and they'd show you the news. They'd show you like propaganda footage of the news. Our troops are out there fighting for your freedom. Yes. And the Japanese, you know, they, you know, they show You. They show you And the Brave American troops Smiley. Yeah.


Yeah. And then they'd have those propaganda movies. 1953, 50% of American households had a TV set by the end of 1960. Almost nine out of 10 did. Wow. So what was the first television? When did it first? Oh, They had 'em, they started in the twenties and then, oh really? They were expensive as shit. And probably very big. And there wasn't anything to watch. So why would you have one? Oh, and then it Was, when was the first broadcast? The first television broadcast? Oh, Well it's, yeah, up until the fifties it was really just like public information. It says, Oh, so just like the news, There wasn't, I mean, there wasn't a lot of shows being made. Like what was the first television show? Show? Yeah. Let's see. Before Caval, remember Gleason did Cavalcade, I think it was called Cavalcade.


It was like with the Honeymooners debuted. And he would do Reginald Van Gleason. But I don't, that's definitely not the first one I love. Lucy was probably same time or before that. Right. And what year was that? Had to be the fifties, Right? 53 maybe 55. Or it might have been later. I don't remember. So probably the television really became, like, when did it become a thing where people would watch the news? I probably, probably like late forties maybe. Yeah. 'cause 63 again, the Cronkite broadcast, I mean, so by then it was like in, in full effect. So you gotta think that 63 with, you know, Liberace or the, the 55 1 with Liberace. That's so new. Yeah, that's crazy new. And then 12 years later, you know, and he is fucking dancing with the flower pants on, here's a Wikipedia version.


First national color broadcast. The 1954 tournament of the Rose Parade. The US K January 1st, 1954. So the 1936 Summer Olympics. Oh, they had the Summer Olympics. They they broadcast. Yeah. World Series. It says it was the, oh, first catalyst. Like big, big buying. Wow. You must have been a boss if you had a fucking television in 1936. Yeah. And then first like, variety show was Milton Bur show. So he became known as Mr. Television. What year was that? 48. 47. 48. Wow. He took his radio show and made it a TV show. So by the time that Liberace dancing with the pants on, it's only 20 years old. Yeah. Which is really wild. Was that 68?


I'm gonna, I'm gonna assume it was definitely late sixties. 68 Red skel television hours And, and the fact that people just didn't know he was a flaming homosexual. Like the fact that, How did you Not know? How did you not, I guess there wasn't enough gay people publicly. So everyone didn't recognize, like people knew, like when you spoke a certain way that you could be, but it wasn't, I guess that wasn't like the, the, the voice that everybody recognized. Well, Everybody hid it too. You know, you had to hide it. Imagine being a gay guy trying to find other gay guys back then. Like what did you do? What a risk. Oh yeah. Except being gay in North Korea. Like how do those guys fucking, what signal do you give where, you know, the other guy's not working for the state. Right. You're in a arrest area. And even if he is, he might throw you under the bus anyway.


Like they have a whole culture on throwing people under the bus On tattling. Yeah. Their whole culture is based on tattling. And if you don't tattle on people, they, they assumed you did something wrong. I'd still like to kind of go there. I wouldn't do it because I wouldn't really, I would, I would. Yeah. Just because they say there's all those fake storefronts and all of those or, or, or stores that are just for the tourists that come through that they have all those fake stores that people do. They Get a lot of tourism. Oh yeah. I mean they get, they get enough, like through China, they, there's companies that go through China and every country doesn't have the negative relationship that we do with them. So I would kind of like to go, but I don't, I wouldn't trust it after that OT war. What, what was his name? War? Warm Warmonger. Yeah. The kid that got beat. Sorry, Otto. Yeah. For, for taking a propaganda poster.


Yeah. It would be very scary to go. But I, I really kind of want to, they have that giant building. The, it's like a thousand foot tall hotel or building that is just kind of half empty. Like it's never was finished. They light it up at night. So it looks like they have a big downtown. Oh. But they, North Korea has like a thousand tall, a thousand foot tall building. It's a YouTube video of a guy that went, his name's Mike. Mike. Okay. He went three or four months ago after they had not been opened since COVID. Really? Yeah. And he went just to tour around North Korea. Korea. He is a British person. So he is not from America. Yeah. And you're not supposed to film a lot of this stuff. These guys take really, really like clandestine footage. You're allowed to film in certain areas.


But I think your phone, you had to leave at the border when you come in. Wow. Yeah. He explains what he was doing. I think he says he wasn't supposed to, but he just, Is he eating food there? Yeah. He goes to a few little towns, talks to him. I remember watching some of this. Wow. It's like a random Coke or something somewhere. Or a Red Bull. I think That's so fucking risky. It is risky. 'cause you just, the wrong thing you do, you insult them and next thing you know, you're in jail for the rest of your life or you're beaten to death. Yeah. They said that like, if there's a picture of Kim Jong-Un or or Kim Jong-il, you have to be respectful and you stand in front of the pictures to take your photo. They're really Oh. And they just rat on each other. Well, Shane Smith went Shane from Vice. Yes. Back in the day, like before things got too crazy over there.


And he said that they set up a fake restaurant for him. Like they pretended that they had restaurants and so they had a fake restaurant and he went there And it was like only him there and people were serving him. Bizarre. Yeah. He said it was really weird. I guess when you're seen as a God and everybody just co-signs it, you don't know how bad of a liar you are. Like you don't know how badly you're presenting. 'cause everybody is just, oh my God. Like, right. So they'd have no idea. Kim Jong has no idea that people look at him and go like, that's not real. Right. And then the people that are there, they have no internet. Like their, their world is the North Korean internet. They don't, they're not connected to the rest of the world. No. They would, I guess people will like sneak in thumb drives and stuff like that of I know South Korean tv.


They catch you. They catch you. You're fucking, but you know, you know Sod Messi, he, he's, he's from Afghanistan and he ran, I think it was called the Moby Group in Afghanistan. But they would go next to the Iranian border and, and pipe in like American TV shows and they would illegally send them over the border to try to get people like a little bit westernized or to at least see things a little bit differently. Ah. But it's an illegal feed. You're just shooting it over somehow And, you know, Hoping they don't kill you. Hoping they don't kill you. Yeah. Speaking Of kill you. What's that? I Said speaking of kill you in Iran. What? Oh, oh. What's going on there? Yeah. Oh my God. Yeah. Oh My God. But no one's surprised. You know what I mean? Like, it, it, I bet The guys who got killed were surprised they were supposed to meet with Trump to have a peace negotiation.


Wasn't the time up? No. Didn't the, I thought the time lapsed. No. Did the Israelis jump the gun on the time?


Well, This episode is brought to you by Acorns. Acorns is a financial wellness app that makes it easy to start saving and investing in your future. You don't need to be rich. Acorns lets you get started with the spare money you've got right now. Even if all you've got is spare change, you don't need to be an expert. Acorns recommends a diversified portfolio that can help you weather all the markets ups and downs. You just need to stick with it. And Acorns makes that easy too. Acorns automatically invest your money, giving it a chance to grow with time. Sign up now and join over 14 million all time customers who have already saved and invested over $25 billion. With Acorns Plus Acorns will boost your new account with a $20 bonus investment offer available@acorns.com slash jr e that's A-C-O-R-N s.com/jr e to get your $20 bonus investment today. Paid non-client endorsement compensation provides incentive to positively promote Acorns. Investing involves risk. Acorns advisors, LLC and SEC Registered Investment Advisor view important disclosures@acorns.com slash jre.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Sometimes it's good to be a little controlling. It can help you protect yourself, your health, your wellbeing, and your possessions. There's only so much You can do though, especially when it comes to your personal info. You probably use things like two factor authentication, strong passwords and A VPN. But as much as you try to be in control of how your information is protected, there are lots of places that also have it. And they might not be as careful as you are. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second for identity threats. If your identity is stolen, a LifeLock US based restoration specialist will help solve identity theft issues on your behalf guaranteed or your money back. Plus, all LifeLock plans are backed by the million dollar protection package, meaning LifeLock will reimburse you up to the limits of your plan. If you lose money due to identity theft, you might not be able to control how others handle your personal information, but you can help protect it. With LifeLock. Save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use the promo code JRE or go to lifelock.com/jre for 40%. Off terms apply.


Well, the speculation according to gr I sent Jamie this. Somebody said, did, were they killed, like ask GR where they killed because they were negotiating for peace. You know, that the Israelis wanted, they didn't want a negotiation. Oh. Because they wanted to get those nuclear sites outta there. Yeah. They, they didn't trust the Iranians and they wanted to make sure that these guys were gone. Yeah. They, they essentially killed everybody. It was negotiating with. So this guy's response above it, it says, what evidence might there be to support this position? And the position was go above that. Yeah. Israel did not attack Iran because Iran was about to attack Israel.


Israel attacked Iran because there was about to be peace. And then this guy asked Rock, what evidence might there be to support this position? And then GR says, evidence suggesting Israel's June 13th, 2025 attack in Iran aim to disrupt US. Iran Peace talks includes its timing coinciding with the sixth round of nuclear negotiations scheduled around June 12th through 14th 2025. International reactions like the UN and the Oman condemning the strikes as undermining diplomacy support this view. However, Israel justified the attack as a preemptive strike against Iran's nuclear program. Citing its non-compliance with the IAEA. No direct evidence proves intent to stop peace.


And the focus on nuclear sites suggests security concerns drove the action. The issue remains debated with perspectives varying by geopolitical stance. This now ask Grok, grok is kind of Twitter's ai, right? How influenced is it by like, I, Chad PT I've gone to and I was kind of curious 'cause my wife's obsessed with it. So I was like, I think this is probably still ideologically influenced for sure. So other people have done this. I put in write five jokes about Jesus, And it did five Jesus jokes. And then I put in write five jokes about Muhammad. And it came back with, well, we like to keep things respectful and Blah blah. And I did the same thing with write five jokes about white people and then write five jokes about black people.


And it did the same thing. It wrote the white person jokes, but the black people jokes it wouldn't write. So I was like, oh, okay. This is still somehow tied in. There's guardrails. There's guardrails and it's, it's ideologically Yes. Slanted. It may not always be that way. So I'm wondering if grok is the same way. Like is any answer it gives you almost like coming from either somebody at PBS or somebody from someplace else. Yeah. Grock is probably the best of them for that. But the worst was Gemini. Remember when they asked Gemini to make photographs of Nazi soldiers and they had a diverse group of Nazi soldiers, including Asian women, native American women. Yeah. Of black people. Keep it, keep it fair folks. Keep it fair. Keep It fair.


They just got locked up in this woke ideology thing to the point where the, the images they created of Nazis were woke. I don't know what happened where people become so afraid of like, I know truth can be unpleasant sometimes, but like where, where, where it goes to that level. Like we will write jokes about Jesus, but not about moham. Like, like who's programming that and thinks that's a good thing. Well, they're scared. You know? They are. That's what it is. I'd almost respect them if they said they were scared. Yeah. Like if they could look, we all understand what goes on. We don't want somebody running in with a bomb belt. Like, you know. Yeah. There's violent retribution. I would respect that. But they won't say that. No. They act like you're crazy for question What? Yeah. Ah, that's not true.


It's not, Yeah. It's weird. We're in a weird stage. We're at a weird stage. We have all the information, but it's still, it's still got guardrails on it. Do you feel I feel better about myself though. The older I get the more like Yeah. I, I, years ago said it and knew it was getting worse and worse and like I was never stupid enough to think it didn't exist. So I kind of like, yeah, well if nothing else, it validates what I kind of thought. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like I feel like All right. I wasn't a fucking idiot. Right. I'm not taken off guard by it. You knew it was coming. Yeah. Not necessarily to this level, but you know, when you saw this happening and then that happening and then little weird things like Donald Sterling, that one always bothered me.


His private communications being used against him and it's like, does anybody, which one was that? He was the owner of the Golden State Warriors. I don't remember. Oh, this was the guy that Viv The girlfriend watched The Clippers. Yeah. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. The Clippers. Yes. Clippers. He was the guy who had the girlfriend who was this little side piece. Tiano. Yeah. And the girls, the girlfriend recorded him saying a bunch of things about black people And it was almost like, he was like all blah. It wasn't like, I don't think he was a hateful old guy, but he was just like an old guy. Like, You know what I mean? Don't hang out with black. Well he was saying don't do it publicly. Right? Yeah. I just probably it embarrasses me. Yeah. Or something like that. His friends are probably calling him. Yeah. But he was, you know, he's talking to his side piece and she's recording him.


The whole thing was gross. The invasion of even, even if he's a piece of shit, I don't care about him, but Exactly. It's the idea that people are comfortable. Like nobody sticks up for privacy. Like everyone complains about, we went through gobo and it's like, Hey motherfuckers, where were you when this guy or stupid Hunter Biden's big dick is all over the internet. Yeah. Where were you complaining about it? Yeah. You just judged them on it. So I wish people would stop doing that. Yeah. The the, the Hunter Biden stuff, the fun stuff was like him smoking crack and hookers and getting foot jobs. It was just fun. Did He have foot jobs? Yeah, he did a lot of stuff. There's a lot of wild stuff going on in there. He's a wild boy. But I guess respect, guess, you know, you're smoking crack. Sure. You know, you got a tub unshaven, you Got no guard rails, you're off the fucking reservation.


He's A naughty boy. But then the other stuff that was in there was really interesting. Yes. Like the, the emails about 10% to the big guy, big guy and all that stuff. And there's this brutal, rampant obvious corruption that they just looked the other way because it's a Democrat. And it's just really strange. If Trump Jr. Did anything that Hunter did right, they would kill him. Like, like they would, it would be ev the front page. It's all they would talk about. They certainly wouldn't have hid it from Twitter. They wouldn't have. Which was really crazy. It was a New York Post story. And then the FBI got involved and the Twitter files, like, you know, when Shellenberger and TBI and all those guys went over the Twitter files.


Yeah. And it's so damning. It's so, it's, it's so crazy that that's not so illegal that there's like just massive trials on television and people are prosecuted for it, I guess with private companies or like, even though the, the media operates, like, but it's the Government. The government is what I'm concerned with because it's absolutely election interference. A hundred percent. A hundred percent. Because there is a lot of people that were on the fence, you know, they, they didn't know whether they're gonna vote for Trump or whether they're gonna vote for Biden or they didn't know what they're gonna do. And then they saw that and they were like, fuck this. And guys like Jack from from Twitter have come out and said like, yeah, we shouldn't have censored that story.


Yeah. But it's like too late now. It's like you did it and people were telling you when you did it. Yeah. You shouldn't do it. Zuckerberg talked about it on this podcast. He talked about the FBI getting involved on the podcast, censoring COVID information, censoring the laptop information. And this weird feeling that he got from the government all of a sudden telling them what they, and some of the stuff that they were telling them they had to take down was actually true factual information. And they were like, oh boy. And so they diminished its reach and they did a lot of weird shit. And the penalty for not taking it down would've been like, what were they threatening them with? Like Section two 30 is a big one that all the big companies are scared of. Like, if they changed that because they said that, I think the internet freedom comes from Section two 30 where a company can't be held legally liable for what's posted on their site.


Which is how like you can post anything about people and the sites themselves can't get sued. 'cause they're like, yeah, we're just like a phone company. It's a Public square. Public Square. Although it's not anymore. It's much more ideologically based and it's much more of a publisher in my opinion than a public square. But maybe they threaten you with that or maybe that's where they start to go. Like we we'll see too at the two 30. I mean, I know again, I'm guessing, but what else could they threaten them with? Yeah, it's a good question. I mean, just the fear of being on the wrong side of the government. I mean, that's the thing because then they could go after you. Like, you know, for someone like Zuckerberg who had already sat in front of those congressional hearings and they, you know, they had already asked him about a bunch of different things that the company had done.


And you remember those weird, those weird hearings that he had to sit through where he is sip water. Very strange. And people said he is a fucking robot. He's Probably so nervous. Of course he Is. You know. Yes. Senator. No, Senator, thank you for asking Senator. Like all those weird moments, like you gotta be terrified of those people. 'cause they could change laws. They could just decide to prosecute you for thi I mean, look what's happening to the guy AV from Telegram? I don't know that story. You don't know that Story? No. He is essentially, he's under house arrest in France. He has not been tried with anything. He has not been charged with anything. But what they're saying is essentially they want a back backdoor to telegram.


Telegram is an encrypted app. Right. And a lot of people use it for illegal things. Just like a lot of people use Twitter for illegal things. Sure. A lot of people use dms for illegal things. Yeah. They, they, I'm sure they use signal for illegal things and WhatsApp for illegal things. Yeah. And they wanted a telegram was especially popular amongst criminals and they wanted to be able to get in there. But then the question is like, well what do you determine as a criminal? Is it a political dissident? Like is it, You know, what is it, what does it mean? Is it is, are you looking for underage people being photographed? Right. Or are you looking at just people who like they, they can always expand what they consider to be illegal. Oh yeah. I mean, they took Backpage down so they can get certain comp.


Like if you don't do what they want you to do, there is a way for them to get you by saying you're too complicit in certain activities. Yep. So you Wonder that's a silk road. That's, that's what happened with that guy Ross Brook. Yeah. Yeah. And now he's luckily Trump freedom. Did he, did he pardon him? Yes. Oh, he did. Trump Pardoned him. Yeah. Yeah. We tried to get him on, but he is just not ready to talk, which is totally understandable. Yeah. Like I said, if you ever do, if you want to talk, I'd be happy to hear your story. Well 'cause you're probably afraid that they're gonna come with something else. Like, it's almost like you Don't wanna put it in their face. You don't want, like, now I'm out. Fuck those people. What they did to me was wrong and Oh, new charges. That's Right. Yeah. That's why whenever somebody's exonerated after 30 years of being in jail, they're like, I just, I'm not even angry. I just want, 'cause you're afraid you're gonna say the wrong thing and they're go, all right, we're gonna come back.


Well, That was the really scary thing about the Trump stuff. Like when they were trying to get him for 34 felony counts. Yeah. None of those were a felony. All of them were past the statute of limitations. It was just bookkeeping errors or bookkeeping, you know, they, they wrote down the wrong things and they tried to hide the fact that he was making hush money payments. But the, the reality of that legal system being used against you, lawfare being, you know, they target you like the, the real estate one, when they, they tried to say that he overvalued Mar-a-Lago And it was really only worth 18 million. And so they charged him like hundreds of millions of dollars. Which is fucking insane because Mar-a-Lago is an enormous piece of property that is on the most expensive place in the country.


Like that area he's got, I think he's got, is it more than 20 acres there? I mean, it's a huge piece of property there. And the next door neighbor had a place that was like five acres And it sold for $50 million. Just the Property. Yeah. So they fucked him. They Fucked him. When, and it's obvious that they were fucking him. They were, they were doing it because they were trying to make him a felon when he was running for president. Yeah. Leticia James went after him really badly in New York. And It turns out she had done some shit. A little bank, A little bank stuff going on. Yeah. She did some fucking Little mortgage questions. Yeah. She did some inappropriate things. But he's a, whether people like him or not, I, like, I don't always agree with him at all, but he's an amazing person.


Like to have withstood that the pressure of that again, just as a a to, to continue with, with the pressure that they were putting on him and the way they were coming after him and to still run again. And I mean, it's, it's the fucking craziest thing you're ever gonna see in your life. And they shot him And they shot him and they were, the guy was gonna do it again, try to, and another and a fucking Oh yeah. That, that guy with the hole in the, in the fence where his golf course was Kooky. It's kooky. But it's like, and somebody pointed out to me, it's like, I mean, I'm surprised he doesn't expect this. It's like he went after them. Like he, he went after the CIA and the F fbi. I, and it's like they're gonna make it their life's work. I know. To come after you. Now, it's Also crazy when it gets real transparent like that though, you know, but when someone like Zuckerberg or any of these other people that run afoul of the federal government or the intelligence agencies, when they see stuff like that, I understand why they comply.


Yeah. They're probably fucking terrified. It is a little or very scary when they, when you're on their, like, you never want them to dig in and be focused on, on you. Oh yeah. The high of Saron. Yeah. Yeah. We're coming for you. And because again, they don't pay, they don't pay legal fees. They can do it all day. They can do it through the next administration. Yeah. 'cause Leticia j she went after her. What I didn't like about her was a lot, but I didn't like the fact that they went after Cuomo for his book money. Like they went after Andrew Cuomo for his book money. I think they wanted him to get back fired. Did, yeah. For what reason? I don't know what her reasoning was. I mean, obviously she just wanted to stick it to him and fuck him. But I, I think it was that he, it was seen as some form of a government payment or, I don't remember the technicality, but I remember being very annoyed that she was trying to go after, I think it was a $5 million advance Lawfare is fucking terrifying.


It's terrifying when they do that to people, when everybody could see it. Yes. Like that's the real problem with the Trump one. And my problem wasn't, my, my real problem was like, don't these people understand? Doesn't the general public with their lack of outrage because you know he's on the right and they're on the left, don't those people understand that now they've had a precedent and then they could use that on you now. Yeah. Or anybody else. And if a Republican president gets in, like there's in now, it could be easily used on his opponents because they've set a precedent. That's scary shit, man. It's really scary. And nobody, again, it's like, whether it's with Donald Sterling in privacy, nobody sticks up for each other on principle.


And the conservatives don't do it. Like the, they, they're, they've got like the free speech thing in their corner now, much more than progressives do. But it's like, I don't hear them sticking up for progressives who are annoying. It's like, right. You have to stick up for people you don't like. Yes. And that you think are shit. Yes. It's not just, you're not a big free speech warrior if you only fucking raise a flag for people who agree with you. And I find them falling into that trap and it's like, don't fall into that fucking trap. Right. Stick up for progressives who suck and who are saying stupid things. Defend their right to say it without getting in trouble. Don't look at them. Getting fired is Well, good, good case. Your own medicine. Like we get it. Yeah. But then that's how they justify you getting fired. A Hundred Percent. So it drives me crazy that people don't defend other people's right.


To privacy or Right. To say what they want. And everyone in the country thinks they're a free speech absolutist, but they're not. They're Not. Yeah. Elon's as close as I've seen, like he doesn't seem to be shutting anybody up. Like regardless of what they say on his platform, people are Talking shit about him every day. I Saw one person was, was alluding to bad things happening to him, you know, like wanting that, or I wouldn't say encouraging it, but close to encouraging it. And I'm like, if he's leaving that up, nobody has any room to complain. Yeah. Like if he leaves up horrible shit about himself then, and, But he also left up the Kanye song that the Hitler song. Oh yes. Is that where he blew his cousin? Or is that a different one? That's a Different one. Oh Wow.


All the hits. Yeah. The, I mean, he's, the song is Hele Hitler. He's singing Hele Hitler, like in a catchy song. It's like, wow. I I, this is crazy. It is crazy. And I don't know Kanye West at all. I've never particularly loved him. I I, I find a lot of it is just like, he'll just say the most troll, like something tells me he's gonna come back down to earth one day and go, look, I was off my medication. I didn't mean any of that shit that I said. I feel bad about it. I think he's gonna stay off his medication. I think when he puts on his medication, he can't be creative. I think part of his thing, whatever his, the way his mind works. Yeah. You know, I mean it's a, there's mania. There's, yeah.


I was gonna say I understand that in a way because I've, I've always liked, you know, you can go through your pressure, whatever. I'm like, do I wanna go on something? But I've always been scared that it would fuck up my probably will. Creativity. Yeah, it probably will. I mean, I think, I mean, I don't know what's going on in Kanye's mind or anybody's mind other than my own, but I would imagine that, I mean, a guy like Kanye, who's so prolific, I mean, he's put out so many albums and he's a complete workaholic and just has like, when you talk to him, like, I had him on the podcast, and it's almost like when you're talking, he's upset. Like he doesn't want, he wants to talk, he wants to just constantly talk. Yeah. Like his brain's like a tornado. Just, it's all just going, all these different thoughts.


And, but that's also why he can make so many great songs. It's like, it's all just pouring out of him. But, you know, it also gets outta hand. And then, you know, you wind up in the situation where he's in now. It also, he's the only person he went into. Him and Trump were, he was in Trump's office one time. Yeah. And he's the only person I've ever seen Trump just kind of sit there and go, all right, well, whenever he is finished, I'll jump in. I've never seen anyone do that to Trump. Well, Trump was happy that any celebrity was on his side. 'cause at that point he was Hitler, you know? Yes. There was a lot of people that were calling him Hitler. And to have a guy like Kanye West, who is such a contrarian also, there was the thing because Obama said he was a jackass. Yes. And so he was like, oh really?


Well, fuck you. That's Right. Yeah. It was about the Taylor Swift thing. Oh yeah, that's right. That's right. Yeah. That guy's A jackass. Why? Like, it wasn't even that harsh of an in. And he said it privately, and I think somebody heard it or it was picked up on a mic. I don't think he said it to be public. Really? I thought he Oh, really? Thought he, I thought he said it privately and then somebody got the audio or whatever. Is that it? Was it really the Taylor Swift thing? I believe it was. Yeah. Oh, here it is here. Yeah. It wasn't, the young lady seems like Perfectly nice person. She's getting her award. What's he been that for? Why would he do that? He is a jackass. No, no, this, all this stuff. That's what Cake says. Cut this out. Look, I'm assuming all this stuff.


Where's the pool? Come on guys. Cut the president some slack. See, it wasn't even that. And he, and he wanted that cut out. Yeah. That was private talk. Yeah. And, And it wasn't even said with real Malice, Real ranker. Yeah. It was just like, he's a jack and people laugh. Yeah. I guess that would annoy me if I was him. I mean, If I was him. Yeah. If it was me, I'd be like, yeah, he is. Right. I guess so. Yeah. I would like, Yeah. I was being a jackass. But At what point do you, 'cause you know, everyone has a Joe Rogan opinion. Everyone weighs in on you. It's crazy. Like I see on the Daily Mail all the time. At what point are you able to go, like, ah, I just don't give a fuck What? I don't read any of it. You don't care? Nope. I don't read any of it. No. I guess, does it bother you?


Has it ever bothered you? No. You can't do anything about it. Why would it bother you? Whatcha gonna do, you gonna change their mind? You know? You can't. And a lot of it is disingenuous. Yes. A lot of it, they don't know you, they don't listen to what you say. You know, if they far right. Whenever they say far right far right. Podcast. I'm like, okay. Yeah. I've had comics say that. Like, they just don't know. And I'm like, you don't really, you really never paid attention. Yeah. I mean, he stuck up for gay marriage. He loves Bernie. Like, it's silly. It's crazy when you hear, I, I was very jealous that you and I talked to Hinchcliffe about this when you interviewed Magnus. Magnus. Carlson. Carlson. Yeah. There's very few people I really want to meet that I haven't met. But he's somebody, did you see him like, bang the chessboard? Yeah. That was like big news in chess.


Yeah. Yeah. 'cause he lost, he made a fumble. He fucked up. He was ahead of the game. He was winning. Yeah. Made A blunder. It it, And it was, and, but here's the genius of the people. Like, they actually call it like a sport. And the, the, the people watching it knew he fucked up, which means they're all geniuses. Right, right, right. Magnus blundered, Magnus blundered. Yeah. They couldn't believe he had made that. It was, I think it was a rook move. But he's somebody I would like to, I know what I'd talk to him about. Oh, He's fascinating. Fascinating. Well, any high achiever or really high level person, like that world champion in something that's insanely difficult, they're fascinating people. I feel that way about MMA fighters. Yeah. Any kind of pro athlete.


Anybody who's like Aaron Rogers, like any, any high level performer, those are very, very unusual people. Do you give them slack? Like, and I mean, just in, in your brain as a person, like if they're a little, whatever, if they're rude, they're rude. But if, if somebody's a little quirky or weird, if, if you're that good at something, that might just be the price you pay. Oh, for sure. Yeah. Like Bobby Fisher, I love, he's one of my favorite people ever. Yeah. Even though he completely went berserk. But I just, I have such an affection for Bobby Fisher and I'm like, ah. It's just the, he's such a genius that sometimes it just, there's a price you pay gets away from you. It gets away from you. 100%. I think it absolutely does. And can, and I think that when you, you're dealing with a high level performer in, in any discipline, whatever, drives them to be that much better than any anybody else, probably makes them insane.


I mean, I just don't think, I don't think real true excellence comes without a price. I don't, I don't think there's any way to get there without just not being balanced in a bunch of other areas of your life. Because you're focusing almost all of your attention on one very specific thing. Whether it's moving chess pieces around or throwing a football, whatever the fuck it is. Like you're, there's no way you can be balanced in every aspect of your life if you want to be 5% better than anybody who's ever done it. Yeah. And it is weird too. Like, because to be better than everybody at something. Yeah. It, it's, I mean, whether like if you ever talked to somebody at a party, just when our life is doing standup and they're talking about their job, and a lot of times I'm like, oh, shut the fuck.


I don't care. Give a shit. I know. So to be that on such a level better than everyone on earth at something has gotta, it is gotta be hard not to live in that place. Yeah. Where You can't relate. Very few things are interesting. Very few things are, are moving. Right. Like Buzz Aldrin snapped at me when we interviewed him. He's a bit of a cranky guy. Let's not dilly dally. I've gotta get to CNN fucking buzz. Is that what he said to you? Yes. I asked, I I asked him a question, a good question about his book on Mars. I asked him about space travel, and I said about what type of psychological testing would you maybe need to go on a three year space trip? Yeah. And good Question. Thank You, Joe. I felt it was too buzz did not really, he fucking snapped at me.


So I, but I, but again, like Regan had a bit about him walking on the moon, and it's like, when you've gone there, it's almost like anything else. And I took it, by the way. 'cause it was buzz. I wasn't gonna yell at him. Right. It's like he's fucking Buzz Aldrin, whatever. I'm an annoying blinking idiot asking a question that I think sounds smart and he just shut me up. But like, how, how do you find other people interesting when you're that guy? Right? When you've done that, maybe my question was just banal and stupid. Well, there's a lot of people like that, that are the best at the, whatever the fuck they do that they can't relate to anybody else other than other people that do their thing. And they're usually like very competitive with those people. So they've alienated them from their friend group as well, which is really kind of crazy. Well, The worst is people who think they're that guy and who are just, And they're mediocre.


They're just like average comics. Oh, that's The worst. The comics are the worst with that. The, the co narcissist comics that believe they're better than everybody else when they're just mediocre is crazy. And then they just like shit on all the other comics. It's like, do you ever watch your own act Like you don't hate your act? Like that's crazy. It It is. And, and you think you're doing Shakespeare and like every comic, like we all have a narcissistic quality. Like, you know, there you need that to be in front of people. Look at me. Yes. Like, that's a narcissistic quality, but there's a difference between that and being like a legit narcissist. Yes. And the way comics are fucking very petty about guys, like, they attack Matt Rife. I'm like, he's harmless. He's just out there doing his act in front of fucking 20,000 people. They Hate him because he is successful.


Yes. But if he was nobody, they wouldn't hate him. That's all it is. Man. There's so many, you very rarely see these comics attacking someone who's not doing as well as them. It's always a guy who is doing better, always who they feel I'm entitled Doesn't Deserve it. Yeah. Yeah. My comedy is so much more cerebral, so much more interesting. Like, oh, is it really? I I, that's one thing I'll say for myself. And this, I have a lot of faults, but I've always put the blame squarely where it belongs on me. Yes. I never think it's the world. Well, that's why everybody loves you. It's it, I mean, that's a very good quality to have. You know, like maybe self-deprecating to a fault. Sure. Like you're a little bit self-deprecating to a fault. Like, I don't care.


I don't know how many times I've had to tell you, no, Jim, you're fucking great. Stop. You know, like you and I have had a lot of those conversations. Yeah. And, and I, but I don't do it for, I don't, But it's better than me saying, Jim, you're not great. Yeah. Jim, you're okay. Yeah. Jesus fucking Christ. Leave everybody else alone and look at yourself. But I don't, I don't do that because I want people to compliment me either. Like, I, I, I'm never out there going, gee, guys, am I facting? That's repulsive. But, but it's the guys who think like I, I, I went and watched and I don't know Matt, I just, I went and watched some of his clips. I'm like, he's funny. He's just doing crowd work. Like what's the problem? And he's good at it. He's good At it. It's the reason why the arena's full. First of all, he was very handsome. Good looking guy. Yeah. Cute, adorable, lovable, really nice guy in real life. Yeah. I knew him before he was ever famous.


Yeah. I met him when he was 20 years old. He was coming around the store. He was a nice fucking guy. Yeah. I've been friends with him for a long time. I don't understand that hate. But I, you know, I was coming from a different position. You know, I was coming from a position where I was already famous and I wasn't looking to be more, I wasn't, you know, there's some people that like always feel like they haven't gotten enough, they haven't gotten enough credit, haven't gotten enough respect, you know, the, the, these other people are stealing from them. Yeah. It's a famine mentality. It's a terrible mentality to carry around with you because you never heal from it. If you go through life with this famine mindset and everybody else is doing better than you, like you, you have the worst attitude ever for getting good at things.


Because you're always going to be focusing too much of your attention on other people. Yes. You're really sabotaging yourself, whether you believe it or not. What they're getting, what they're doing. It's the feeling of entitlement. Like if I was, if I was bitter about every person that used to open for me, that passed me. I mean, I'd be on a comedy club roof with an AR 15. I just, I couldn't handle it. I mean, I know you have to learn to live with it and go like, yeah, You know what? I recognized people that were funny. Like, I like funny people. And I was right about certain people, like they're really good comics. So yeah. It's that sense of entitlement that guys get that drives me fucking crazy. But I see them attacking certain people doing well, and I'm like, I don't, they always did it to Carrot Top, even though he's actually funny. He's a funny comic.


It's a funny show. He's got a great brain. I've been to a show in Vegas. It's fucking great. And he's a really nice guy. Yeah. He's a great guy. He's not a mean guy. It doesn't deserve anyone's hate. He's a sweetheart. Yeah. You know, when I had him on the podcast, he was so happy and so thankful that like someone wasn't shitting on him. And he said like, dude, I got great crowds. Now my crowds are packed. Like, it's a great show. If you're in Vegas, go check 'em out. Yeah. It's fun. And he's a really nice guy. And I watched him like on Kill Tony, there's a clip of him and me pulling out these things. And like, gay mouse, it was a disco ball of her mouse trap. And it was so stupid. But it's, it's, it was really his funny stuff. Silly. Just Silly comedians think all props are bad or all. And me and Colin talked about that one time and he goes, why should the hacks own McDonald's?


Like, meaning like, if you have something that's original and funny to say about a subject, who cares if hacks have touched it? If your thought is original, oh shit. Yeah. Fuck them. Exactly. And it's this weird thing where comics think they sound smarter if they go after certain things. Yeah. It's stupid. It's dumb. It's a dumb perspective. It the, it should be, here's the world through my eyes and everything is in the world. Traffic is in the world. If you have a traffic joke and it's actually legitimate, like maybe you have a perspective on traffic that I've never heard before. Maybe your airline travel bit will be the airline travel bit. I hope so. That I really love. Because you know, there's, that's the problem with comics too, is that when you're on the road too much, your experiences are very limited because all you're doing is performing in front of people, hanging out in the green room, going to dinner, flying in a airplane, staying in a hotel.


That's right. So how many comics have jokes about hotel rooms and, And you know, they knock on the door even when the do not disturb is on, you're jerking off. Like, how many guys have done those jokes? Yes. But it's just 'cause you're, you have a very limited experience to draw from. I actually, I, I started taking days off and my wife and I will go on vacation somewhere. We'll do, because it becomes where you're feeding on yourself. Like you, you're only doing A, B, C, D, A, B, C, and there's no life. Right. And I'm like, what am I gonna fucking talk about? We get it. You are at Newark Airport. It sucks. Yeah. So I I I just wanted to do more life things. A 'cause it's fun to do, but b it's like just, I allowed myself to, 'cause I'm like, you can at least talk about it. Yes. On stage. It's not, you can't just talk about being a comic or You're right.


I'm, I'm almost too much talking about myself. Like, I want to start talking about other things. I just feel like the only thing I'm really qualified to discuss in my own life, but I kind of want to talk about other shit too. 'cause like life is kind of stable now. And it's, I I don't know what to do with that. I know how to handle, You know what I mean? Like, not being out and being crazy and fucking riding around for four hours a night with a piss cup in my car. I mean, it was just, it was an ugly, it's a fucking ugly scene show. That's what I did when o and A were kicked off the, I would ride around and just fucking just ride around for, for, for four hours a night. Listen, I couldn't listen to any comedy. I couldn't because I was so in such a fucking depression, I would put on Sports Radio six 60 Joe Beningo overnight. I know. Do you know who he is?


No. He was a guy on 6 60, 2 40 on the fan. And he was a jet fan and he was a fucking maniac. But I would listen to him complain about the Jets and or Art Bell. I, I fell in love with Art Bell. There he is right there. Ah, I didn't even notice that. Yeah, He's on the wall now. That's what I heard about Meet You. Kaku was from, it was from him. Oh. And then I tell, I'll tell you, he lived in my building in New York. Meet you. Tell, tell me. Yeah. So I would listen to Art Bell and I would listen to Joe Beningo and just look at hookers all night. And I would piss in a cup and I would fucking ride around. And it was just my, my way of and go to bed, wake up maybe eight hours later and go do tough Crowd. When I was on, it was a very crazy fucking time. Yeah. So now life Is, when OA got pulled, that was a, that was an interesting moment of censorship.


Right. Like that homeless guy came on and said terrible things about Condoleezza Rice And the queen of No, that's the different, when we got fired was for Sex for Sam. That was 2002. Oh, That was when someone had sex in a church. The church. Yeah. Yeah. You got points. That's Right. That's right. That's right. But the company had signed off on the bit, like I got why they were mad, but they had signed off. It was a sponsored bit. The company knew what was going on. Mm. So ONA could have survived that if the company didn't throw 'em under the bus. Panic. And in fairness, it's so much, it's so funny. Like regular radio is what saved the career. Because when XM suspended the show for a month, we were on Kro at that time. Right. And they kept us on for the month.


Oh. So then eventually we came back to satellite a month later, but I think they would've fired. I remember those days. Yeah. Yeah. It's, I'm, I'm, I'm not doing radio now. It's the first time in 20 years. It's very strange. Wow. To to not have to be up. I get up at like nine now and just go to the gym. So I have some kind of schedule, but it's very weird after 20 years to be gone from that day. Yeah. You've been on Radio forever. It's been more than 20 years, hasn't it? Well, it was 20 on this run and like, But Well, the, when did the ONA start? ONAI did in like 2001. 2002. Okay. We got fired, came back on October of oh four. And my contract expired the end of December, Jan of 24.


So it was about 22 years total. Every comic owes o and a, a debt of gratitude. All of us do. Without them. I don't think there would be podcasts. I think that was the real podcast because that was the first time we realized 'cause O and A did the show with no structure. Whereas like I did Howard a bunch of times, but when you did Howard, you were a guest. Yeah. They wanted stuff that you were gonna talk about. They had questions for you. They had setups, you know, they were ready. And then a couple times I did Howard, where you would write jokes for him. So you would sit there and there was an overhead projector. It was the Jackie chair when Jackie left. Right. So they brought a bunch of us in and then already wound up doing it all the time. I couldn't do it. I just like, it was too early in the morning.


Yeah. It was like, I didn't wanna live in New York, but I did it a bunch of times. But it was structured, you know, and Howard was always in control of it. And he's actually running the keys, you know, he's, he's running the board, the sound board. And you know, it was a very structured show And you know, that's how he did it forever. I get it. But the way ONA did it was so different. There was no structure. You'd go in there and just sit and just have fun. Yeah. And it was be Patrice and you and me and, and fucking, you know, everybody would come ins, Bobby Vos and Bobby and all these different people would come and bur And you know, I mean, And it was some of the wildest moments ever, like the baby bird. That It's the, I'll never see anything crazier than that in my life.


Never. Yeah. Yeah. He died recently, huh? Pat from Monki. Yeah. Pat from Monki. Pat Philbin. I think his name was Rest in Peace. Pat from Moon. That one thing that you did that one day was one of the most shocking things I've ever seen in my fucking life. Yeah. It was, Ari was there with me. Burr was there. And I remember it was my idea. I think it was Right. 'cause you know, I was doing Fear Factor at the time. I was used to people doing horrible shit. And I was like, how about you lean your head over the garbage can and he throws up in your mouth. Yeah. And fucking Pat Duffy. Pat Duffy, who was such a psycho, he was like, okay, he would do anything. He brushed his teeth with Cat shit.


I, I thought it was dog shit. But you might be right. But I'm gonna say Pat Duffy was a fucking fucking psycho. He, he was like a Marine. If interns had that, he was a seal. He was a seal. Fearless. Fearless. He was funny. He didn't give a fuck. He got it. He was great. He Was great. He was the best like radio employee of all time. He really was. And That moment was the fucking craziest thing I'd ever seen in my life. I couldn't believe it was happening. And the amount of vomit that was coming outta Pat's mouth when he was thrown into Pat Duffy's face and Pat was lying there with his mouth open. Yeah. Letting, I mean people at home listening to this, you know, come on, there's cell phone footage of this. Yes. From like a 2002 cell There. It's 2007. Yeah.


Was it 2007? Yeah. And it we're in Kroc. That's the Kroc studio right there. Look at he Throws up in his mouth, his mouths wide open. It was so disgusting. And it kept coming. Yeah. Because Pat drank like some fucking 72 something things of eggnog. It was like Two gallons of eggnog. It was fucking insane. And he had di Oh there he goes. There it goes. And it would just keep coming. Like you are like, no, it's over. And if you hear us in the studio, we're all screaming And He just keeps throwing up. You think it's over. You think it's over? Nope. He's got more. And at the end, I mean, it's cartoons. God. It's like that scene in Stand By Me with the blueberry eating contest.


Yes. Or in a and Monty Python. Python Keeps going. It keeps going. It doesn't end. He thinks it's over. Oh, it was fucking absolutely, completely insane. Do you ever see the meaning of life? Monty Python? Yeah, sure. Win when the guy went by a waffer thin mint messe and he starts vomiting. Get me a bucket, I'm gonna throw up. Oh yeah. This what he reminds me of because he's not moving. He's standing there and his mouth opens and the vomit just shoot huge Jack dot dude. Usually you wretch and you move. But he just opened his mouth And it was like a button got pushed in a fucking, it's the craziest fucking thing I've ever seen in my life. Yeah. And if it wasn't there it is. Yeah. He's just shooting. Exactly. It's just like, but it's not, that's not even as extreme.


No. Look how fat that guy is. I mean, he Was just great. Insane. A waffer thin mint. Yeah. And you know, that show, having that kind of a format, let us all realize how fun it is to just get comics together and just talk shit. Yeah. You know, and then when Anthony started doing Live from the Compound, when he did his own show, that was, and, and then of course Tom Green Show. 'cause Tom Green had his own show in his living room. And I, I was a guest on that too. And I was like, that really lit the light bulb in my head. Yeah. But when Anthony started doing his own show from his basement, I was like, why don't I do something like that? You know, I could see, and he had a professional setup. He had, he had fucking beer kegs and he had a beer on tap and he was doing karaoke with a machine Gun.


With a machine gun. I mean, just a psychopath singing You Light Up My Life with a fucking AR 15. But he was having a good time. And I remember they, the radio station was trying to get him to stop doing it. XM or Sirius or whoever it was, was trying to get him to stop doing it. And he was like, but why? It's not radio. Right. 'cause if, if anything, he's getting more people to watch the radio show. Listen, He would do it on weekends. It didn't interfere with the show. It was like, he would just go and fuck around. And that Was back when we were on Pal Talk too. Remember? Oh God. Yeah. Yeah. The video would be on Pal Talk. 'cause most people would only be watching or listening on radio. Right. But then they would broadcast Live on Pal Talk 'cause it was like so unheard of. Like nobody was doing that.


That Was how the Anthony Wiener dick photo got out. Really? That was from OPI and Anthony. That was, we had Vincent Donofrio in studio and we had Andrew Breitbart and because I had met Breitbart doing Red Eye on Fox. So they both came in and we were talking and the PAL talk window was open. And apparently I didn't, like Andrew had the picture of Anthony Wiener's dick. So he showed us in studio. We just looked at it on the phone. I didn't, but apparently Anthony held it up to the PAL talk window and showed them and somebody grabbed it. Oh Wow. And that was how that photo got out. Wow. Sirius XM and sticky situation. I want an investigation from Sirius into what the hell happened there.


Breitbart says, after he shows an X-rated picture to Shock Jocks, Obie and Anthony, who then shared on Twitter Without his permission, maybe the guy guys tweet too. Yeah. But it was one of the, but Breitbart got mad at me and he's like, I was friends with Jim Norton and he told us to Elliot Spitzer on his show. And he goes, and he betrayed me. But I really didn't, it wasn't me. I was doing Tom Papa's fucking podcast. So He thought you did it? He thought I set him up, but I really didn't. But you didn't. No. And I saw him years later in LA and we, I explained it to him and he was very cool. I was happy 'cause right before he died. So I always liked him. I was happy that we, at least I got to tell him, dude, that wasn't me at all. Did They, did they whack him? Did they whack Andrew Bport? Yeah. No. 'cause they would've crashed the site. I mean, he was doing coke right? Wasn't an overdose or Something. I think he had a heart Attack. Oh, he was a heart attack.


I thought it was, you know, I'm just starting rumors. He was doing coke. Right. I don't remember. I mean, maybe he was doing coke, but I think it was a heart attack. Oh, it might've been. But I think there was a lot of suspicion that he might've got whacked. Really? Because Yeah. He was one of those guys that was, you know, exposing a lot of shit. Yeah. But they didn't, they didn't crash the site. Did the site change after he was gone? You were Wearing headphones. God damnit. It's just so Natural. Had 'em on. You just put 'em on. No wonder I was enjoying myself so much. We did when Liberace wings at me. Liberace got you to wear headphones. He sure did. I just noticed that you were wearing 'em. I didn't notice either. But when Liberace wings, you have to hear it in both ears. Yeah. There was some, there was some speculation that he got whacked.


But it, whenever anybody dies or speculation, they got whacked. Yeah. I didn't, I didn't know that. But I felt bad about that. Was that Jim Collapsed on the street near his home, Collapsed on the street near his home. Hypertrophic Cardio myo. Mm. Focal coronary art atherosclerosis died from Congest congestive heart failure, which had been diagnosed the year before. Oh, so he had a hard time. Okay. Yeah. Well, I mean, when you're running a site like that, I mean, matching the stress, It's constant. Yeah. And then, you know, you're also like, your, your business is exposing people politically and opening up yourself to potential assassination.


Well, Who do you think put up the opiate? Anthony? Homeless Charlie Audio. Oh, he did? It was Andrew Breitbart. It was before I knew him. Oh. But that, that's where it went up on Breitbart. And the headline was, will this crash, will this stop the merger between Sirius and xm. Wow. So that was why they reacted. 'cause they were afraid. I think people in regular radio wanted to stop that merger. Oh, a hundred percent. So they Radio was terrified of SiriusXM. They were terrified of it. And I think so I think they pushed that story hoping that it would fucking tank the merger. Which of course it did not. You remember those days when you first went over there? It was so crazy because we could talk, like we would talk in the green room. Yeah. We could swear we'd call someone a cunt.


Yeah. You could say anything you want. It was crazy. They never, I'll tell you one thing that seriously, even though I didn't like the way the contra way my time there ended, I, I, I wish that was handled a little bit better. But I guess everybody who leaves a gig wishes things were handled differently. They never once fucked with me about content. I'll say that for them. They never came for me and goes, Hey man, we, that thing you talked about, could you not, could you back off even long into where everybody was getting canceled in trouble? Sirius never came and, and asked me not to say something. Jim McClure, who ran the channel, never broke my balls about jokes we did. Or a stance we would take. Like they kind of let that go. Well, they had a crazy situation where they, you knew that one person was getting insane amounts of money.


Yes. Howard Stern and everybody else was getting very little. It was real weird. It was Because it was very open that Howard was getting all that money, which obviously he was the reason why everybody went over there in the first place. Yeah. He, he, see, I get it. It was, it was serious. And we were at XM and he was at Serious and that was the giant get was Howard going Over Also, there's also the thing that if he leaves the stock collapses. Especially now. Yeah. You know, I mean, if if you don't have Howard Stern anymore, what do you got? What do you have that's not available for free? Yeah. Right. I sold my serious stock. So whatever happens, I I, I did, I was happy. It spiked up to like seven and I fucking dumped. Were you allowed to sell while you were working there? Or did you have to wait till you weren't working there? Was there Any No, they didn't.


Nobody ca nobody asked me. They didn't give Stock. So did they give you stock or you bought it? No, I bought It. I bought it. I bought it years before when I thought they were gonna go bankrupt. Oh. We, we bought a little bit, but I was, that's when I talked about the lawsuits when I was getting sued. So I didn't buy as much because I was paying for fucking lawyers. But yeah, they tried to cut me like an unreasonable amount and so we were still negotiating and then they just go, oh yeah, we're not gonna renew. They waited till Christmas break and they go, we're not gonna renew. So I was like, all right. I guess I get why they did that, but, But it's gotta be weird when you're over there And you know that Stern is getting hundreds of millions of dollars and everybody else is like, you know, they're just pinching pennies with people. I never minded that and really didn't care because I only cared about what I was getting. And when I saw what they gave certain podcasters that went over there, I'm like, okay, they do have the money.


Right. So if they're choosing not to give it to me, yeah. I have to just accept that. Like, You know what I mean? Like, I never knew what OP and Anthony made. I still to this day don't know what their salary was. I never asked. That's great. That's Great. Begrudge those guys, I never gave a fuck. Like, you know, they were the brand OIE Anthony. It was like they took me in. Right. So I never care what they got. I never felt entitled to their money and I never asked what they made. Even when me and OIE did a show, I never said what you making? Like they gave me a raise, but I didn't, I don't look at money like that. Like I have to know what you're ma because it's like, yeah, that's Not my, that's good. That's a healthy way to look at it. Yeah. Yeah. So whatever Howard made, I'm sure some of it was inflated, but like, Oh, he made a lot of fucking money. He did. He made a lot of fucking money.


But, but again, if he's not there, how are you selling it? If he's not there, what do you, what are you selling that's not available for free everywhere. That's why I was like bummed about the way it happened. I'm like, 'cause we did a, a talk show. Maybe they were just like, ah, we can put more money into the rest of the channel if Jim goes whatever. I'm glad I'm doing a podcast. Like I haven't noticed any change in my life, which is great. 'cause I'm on the road more making, you know, I'm making money on the road. But it's weird not having it. It's weird. It's weird not knowing that it's there. Right, right, right. Like, It hasn't affected anything but the knowledge that that income was gonna be there is gone. So it's a kind of a weird naked feeling. Does it make you more motivated to do stuff though?


To like, to get your own thing going on In the, I'm on the road more now. Like I'm doing extra road work. And the special was one of those things where I wanted to do one anyway. But it mo like, I shot it in November and before we even came back from break, I had my channel set up. I had already started doing episodes. I was like, fuck this. I'm not sitting and waiting. It's not gonna take me a year. Yeah. I'm just gonna get up and if it takes me a year to get moving, fine. But I'm gonna start now. What is Sam doing these days? He's doing the show. They gave him the show. Oh, So he still has the show and they got rid of you? Yes. Whoa. Well, I mean, I kind of saw that coming. I used to really? Yeah. I mean, I, I almost, because they, they had cut me the year before a little bit.


But again, I'm not unreasonable. I'm not a fucking idiot. People take cuts. Oh, they cut your money? Yes, by 10%. But I'm like, You know what, it's still good money. My wife had just come to the States. I'm like, I wanna make sure I have money for lawyers, whatever. And then I told my manager, they're gonna cut me by this much guaranteed. And they almost to the dollar offered me what I predicted. So we pushed back and tried to negotiate and they were acting like they were negotiating. And then the day, the day of Christmas break, like when we were off the air for two weeks, I got the call like, yeah, we're not gonna, so they were just kind of, I think keeping it going until that. Ah, but I don't, I don't have any bad, I truly don't. Like they bought me two apartments. I had a great life there. I fucking, I broadcasted for 20 years.


Like, it's time to move on anyway. Yeah. And I was telling you a long time ago that you could be doing better on the internet anyway by your own. I think you Yeah, I remember, I remember you talking to me. I mean, 2017 around, even before then about podcast. I, I wasn't allowed to podcast because of my, my contract. Yeah. They wouldn't allow it. And I think that was one of the sticking points with this one. I was like, I have to be able to do my own podcast. Yeah. Especially if I'm taking a cut and I'll just eat shit for a while until it gets where I want it to go. Yeah. You have to be able to be your own boss in this day and age. It's just, it's not, it's, and also the, the as big as Serious XM was, it's just not that anymore. You know? It's just not what it used to be.


Like if, if I didn't have a podcast and during the Ope Anthony days when it was in his height, if they offered me a show, I'd been like, whoa. Okay. Yeah. That would've made sense. But now I'd be like, what am I, what that, unless I wanted to do kind of what Howard's done, just make a ton of money and kind of like slip away. Which is really what I kind of tried to do with, with Spotify. I was hoping that Spotify was gonna make me like 10% less famous. That was like the idea. Really? Yeah. I was like, gimme money. Gimme money. Smart. Smart. I wanna be any more famous. I don't need that. I just gimme the money. But, you know, if, but nowadays it's like there's just not enough people listening. And I know they own Pandora now too, so they've made a bunch of deals with podcasters because I think they're gonna try to get people to listen to Pandora and do it that way.


But You are Stitcher. I think they do too. Stitcher. Yeah. Yep. I used, we used to be on Stitcher too, but that's the thing, it's like the internet is just two. There's so many more people that are listening to all these other platforms, Spotify, YouTube. It's just, it's just too enormous. It's too big to Right. Ignore It. It is. It is. And it's like, I think that they kind of, they handled podcasting in a way that terrestrial radio handled satellite, which was ah, you know, it's not a big deal. And then get involved with it or somehow embrace it, but a little bit later in the, in the game. A little too late. Yeah. But I mean, they have some big podcasts. I mean, like, again, I don't Think they have call her daddy now. Right? They do.


Yeah. And when, when I knew realize the money they gave her, again, I don't begrudge her at all. Like whatever you make you make and it's got nothing to do with my salary, but I realize they do have the money. Right. So if they're choosing not to, I have to just fucking accept that. But you gotta wonder if that's a good idea for her. But she's still on Spotify though. I don't know. Is she? I don't know. Yeah. Isn't she? She is. Right. Yeah. I think she's still everywhere else too. Yeah. Which is makes it a good idea. The thing is, if they limit your distribution, that's what makes it a bad idea. Like one of the new things that we did with this new deal with Spotify and they were actually into it, was put it everywhere. Yeah. You know, not just beyond Spotify, but also go back on YouTube, back on Apple.


Right. Back everywhere. Which was made me very happy. Like, it should be everywhere. Yes. You know, because You want people to just to stumble on it or to go, I heard this thing about, about this thing today. I wanna go look at it right now. Right. They don't have to sign up for something. Enter the fucking email. Exactly. Exactly. Give your credit card. Yeah. It, it's kind of silly. And Some people just get accustomed to using certain platforms. Like for me, forever, all I listen to is Apple Podcasts. You know, the podcast app on Apple. Yep. It's simple. I'd like download whatever the fucking shows I wanted to listen to. And I would get it that way. I don't wanna have to change. Right, right. I don't wanna have to look around. You know, it's just one of those things, people get accustomed to getting things in a certain way. It's Right. It's there. Yeah.


Yeah. It's great to see too. Like, like sh I know Schultz, I'm sure he does get the credit, but like Dane deserves a lot of credit because of, of the, the social media. Oh yeah. And I think Dane History has kind of forgotten about what, like he did a lot to change the way we promote. A hundred percent. And then Schultz that, that fucking thing of just turn your phone this way now. Like, holy shit. Like it revolutionized the way comedians put out clips. And it's like, I mean, Well what he did was do he, he capitalized on COID in the best possible way. Yes. He came up with a, a different style. He's so smart. He thought of a different style of con. 'cause there was a lot of people during COVID that were doing like late night talk show monologues on the internet.


Yeah. And they were terrible. Terrible because there was no audience. No audience. But what Schultz did was he made up for the fact there wasn't any audience with visuals and Rapid fire punchlines. That's right. And he did it differently than he does his standup. Like his standup, he'll say something really funny and let it sit so it's even funnier. Like it builds, you know, and he'll look at you like, what? You know, it'll hold the laugh. Yes. Whereas in this Netflix or in the, the, you know, it was on Netflix as well, but when he was doing the sideways thing, it was just rapid fire. And it is, he's more than a this than a that. Yeah. And that and a this and the photograph of the thing. And you'd watch it, you'd go hilarious. Different than standup. Yes. And everybody was sharing it.


It was a genius approach to a genre. Instead of trying to apply standup style comedy and monologues to, you know, your Instagram. Yes. He did a whole new thing. Yeah. And his standup is funny. He, he did something on, on on jokes that only work in Hawaii and I would, it's in an arena and he's fucking murdering the way you murder in a club. Yeah. But it's like, they're all new jokes just for, And it was like, damn, it's really Funny. He does that everywhere he goes. I know he did that Nabu Dhabi or he really, or Dubai. Yeah, in Dubai. He had jokes only about Dubai, about, you know, about shitting on hookers. It was like, Oh, that's so awesome. That's my life.


But I was happy to see somebody doing something really creative as opposed to blinking their way through Chip Chipper son on a fucking TBS show. We do what we have to, to survive. No, don't shit on Chip. I love Chip. I love Chip too. I love, I love the fact that that's your, your closet character. Would you put the wig on in the glasses? Do you understand? It's the bane in my ex. I can't do anything without being called a sock. Cer fucking Peck kisser in the, in the live chat today. It's all Chip. Hey, when's Chip coming back? Chip is be, it's all people love and hate Chip. I love Chip. I love Chip. Yeah. It's Stand up is such a fucking weird thing. It is. It really is. I might do it again. I miss doing it. Like when Anthony would come on, it was the like the best. We did a few live, I did three live shows with it And it was fucking amazing.


There were theater shows and the crowds loved it. It sold better than I do, which is absolutely humiliating. I sold tickets faster as Chip than Jim Norton. Jim Norton. There's still a giant curtain chip fucking sold out. But I do miss doing it, but I don't miss getting guests. Like, I fucking, now I have one podcast to do. I love doing it, but I still hate saying, Hey, could you feel my, like, I hate Did you do it all yourself? Is that what you, the way you did it Pretty much reach Out to people? They, yeah. I had a, my co-host, my, my, the co-host I was using most recently was Zia. And she was great. And she would do like a lot of the behind the scenes work for me. And she would, you know, help reach out to people and coordinate. But I ultimately had to ask, it was like one of those things I wanted the comedian on.


One time Nick DePalo came on and he was sitting across, and this was what, what Chip would gave us all sailor hats. And we were all wearing sailor hats. And I remember, okay, you Called call him Chip. I have to, I can't say me. I, I can't, I can't face it. You know, it's like Ted Bundy would talk about himself in the third person. Why? 'cause he's not proud of it. So I would, I would always, we, we had on these sailor hats, I remember Nick was talking to me and we were having fun, but it was the way he was like looking like he was looking at Jim as he was talking and he didn't see he was, he played along, but I was like, oh, oh, that's like, yeah. Yeah. Fucking, I just having Nick stare at me. And I knew he was seeing his friend Jim with a wig on glasses and a wig and glasses.


But I do miss, it made me laugh to do it. But people would just be too annoying about like, yo get this guys, get that guy. They would complain. And it was like, oh, I made zero money doing it and here's why I didn't made mean on YouTube because I didn't realize that I shouldn't have had the word fuck in the theme song. I'm Jamie Jaster from Fucking Hate Readed sang the theme song And it was Chip has a fucking, but like literally that automatically fucks you for monetization. Right. And I had no idea. So all of my episodes had fuck in the first five seconds. I never made any money to in Chip a few hundred bucks on a read here and there. But it was a, it was a labor of love. It was one of those things that you did. You can bring it back with a new theme song. I could or I did change it at one point.


I, I changed it. I took Fucking Out Change It. People Love Chip Put gosh darn. It was like some obvious, Oh that's even better. Some Awful edit that went in. But it's like, when am I gonna do it? Where am I gonna do once mine gets up And it, like, mine's been up for a few months. I love doing it. We do callers, which I like the live interactions. Like when you do radio, it's hard to not feel like anybody is listening Right in the moment. You know? And it takes you in weird directions. Like people will call up with legit everyone, like some comics like, ah. But then as soon as somebody goes, what do you think about this? And they're talking about wanting to commit suicide or they're talking about fucking, it becomes interesting 'cause people like everyone wants to give advice. Right, Right, right. Yeah. So I like that. I like knowing that something alive will take you into a different direction than we would've gone in.


Yeah. Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah. There's something to that. Yeah. There's definitely something to that. But there's that, you know, there's also something, it's like, it's becomes very chaotic because people are calling in just to fuck with you. And I've surprisingly had very little of that. We, you know, I mean, again, I'm always with coming from ONA, like nothing is too much at this point because you become so used to Right. Craziness and people and death threats. And it fucking, I still use a fake name at the seller because I would get death threats like that. There was a couple of 'em that actually concerned me 'cause people were using their real names and I'm like, if a guy is threatening to kill you with his real name attached to it, like he's fucking, he's a problem. What was it over one? There was one time Anthony had said something and the guy thought I said it and the guy said something about, I'm gonna fucking kill you.


I don't remember what it was, but it was, it was the tone. He said it. I'm like, that feels different than anything anyone's ever said to me. Plus again, the last time we talked about the fucking lawyer who hadn't committed a murder at that point. But I still knew he was crazy. And I would get, I have a hate mail fucking file and I used to argue with them Oh boy. Back and forth like a dummy. But people would tell me, watch your back. I know where you live. I'm gonna shoot you. And then I would see a real name sign to it and I'm like, yeah, that guy's mentally ill. He's, There's a lot of those out there. Fuck yeah. There are a lot. So I started doing the, I would, at the Comedy Cellar, I would always use names from the JFK assassination. Like David Ferry was appearing. It was never Oswald or Kennedy. I wasn't that on the nose.


But it was him was, it was, you know, clay Shaw. It was just all these weird people from the fucking, from the Kennedy assassination. Ali Wong used to have to do that at the Comedy store Because she was famous. Right. She had a stalker. Yeah. She'd get stalkers. There was this one crazy guy that kept showing up. But, you know, I guess stalkers for a woman are even more creepy. Much more terrifying. Yeah. For a woman. And it's like, there's gotta be a way, like in Black Mirror, there's one thing you, they, they had a thing where you could block people from seeing you. And again, it's a futuristic thing, but the, the, the, the penalty for stalking should be so fucking severe because the, the way they allow someone to ruin someone else's life. Yeah. It's crazy that that, that they haven't figured out something where when you're convicted of stalking, you should be forced to have something in your phone or some type of a monitor bracelet that alerts the other person.


It, it drives me crazy. There's nothing I hate more than some fucking creep stalker. Yeah. But I guess I've dealt with It. So again, it's very creepy for women. Way more creepy for women, you know? And they get a lot more of 'em. Yes. A lot. A lot of guys get obsessed. Yeah. 'cause I don't get No, I'm not interesting to stalk because I fuck you. If you wanna stalk me, just show up and have nice tch I mean, you got me, but I, I did fuck one stalker, which was great. Turned out to be Oh no. Yeah, it was a bad move. And I was bad in bad. I couldn't keep it up. I was just, it was, it was during, during the lawsuit, it was a really bad time for me. And I, I kind of felt badly. She thought I didn't like her, but I was just, but anyway, for two years it was phone stalking And it was not scary like it would be for a woman.


Just annoying. But it becomes a part of your life. Like you become like, this is with the old iPhones. So I would always get these, I would leave LA on a red eye and I would land and my, my iPhone would be filled with voice messages. Oh boy. About, You know what Jim? And just, You know, what a piece of shit. I was a bad guy. I so, like, she used to think I was talking to her on the radio, like, Oh, she was schizophrenic. I don't know. We would talk dirty a lot. And I, and I, and and, and I, you know, and credit where it's due Did good Dirty dog. Oh, you have no idea. The crazy ones are the best. Oh fuck. They anticipate exactly what you need right before you get there. Mm Oh, iconic and ironic. Yeah. Real, real close.


It really is. It, it there because there's something about the inhibitions being lowered And, you know, the kuck talk. I always like that. Not as much now. 'cause again, I'm married, but I, I always enjoyed good cook talk would always make me very happy. And I get why guys wouldn't like that, but it would make me fucking crazy. It's so weird what people like, like the, the shitting on the chest thing, that's bizarre. Like, like influencers get paid to go to Dubai, a lot of money and those guys will shit on 'em. Wait, they shit on the influencer or the influence? Just on them. They shit on the influencer. Real. Yeah, I can see that. Yeah. Yeah. Like hot girls. Hot girls go over there and they can make half a million dollars And a Guy getting shit on for a weekend.


That's so, that's crazy. Yeah. Like, just, I guess that if you don't, Probably more than that. I mean, if you're thinking about people that have insane amounts of money, you know, you're, you're dealing with like oil money. These guys, like, we, you know, we talk about the richest people in the world. Yes. Like Elon Musk is the richest man in the world. Yes. Well he is the richest public man in the world. I mean, I'm not saying he's not insanely rich, he's worth 200 something billion dollars. Yeah. But that's nothing compared to these royal families. Right. These oil families, they probably have trillions. They probably have trillions of dollars, but it's not public. Right. They don't have to disclose Yeah. How much money they have. Whereas in America, like wealthy people that are like on the, on the legit and the up and up, you, you know, everybody knows what your net worth is, Everybody knows how much you have.


Yeah. But to pay somebody, see, I thought you meant to get shit on it. No, but to shit on an influencer. I've seen a few tiktoks where I'm like, I'd give her a thousand if she lemme take a dump on her. She was annoying. She was annoying. I Think that's what they do. That's crazy. I mean, this is, people have talked about it openly. Girls have talked on some of those weird podcasts. Girls have talked about how they go over there And you know, they make hundreds of thousands of dollars. And it, you know, it's only like 20 minutes of their time. They just lay there. Some guy shits on 'em. Everybody cheers. That's Oh, there's a group of people watching. Yeah. A bunch of guys, your boys are there and you shit on her an Influencer. 'cause you, she probably said something you didn't like Or you just wanna shit on a hot girl's tits That, I mean, that would do nothing for me. And I'm a pervert, but I think it's like a humiliation thing.


They want to humiliate people and they want to know, know that they have so much money that they can get you to submit to this willingly. Dude, I've seen the humiliation. Look, every time I fuck someone, I know what that look is. It is a fucking weird desire to want shit on somebody. It it is. Because it's so not sexual. Like it's weirdly punishing or like dfu. Yeah. Like, and again, being dirty is, I'm not saying having the fetish is wrong because I'm been pissed on like it, whatever. I mean a lot. I've done a lot. I've tried it and I don't even know what I liked about it. I, I don't know what I liked about it. Was it because I, Because it's naughty. It was intimate and naughty. Yeah. It was private, Intimate and private. Intimate and naughty.


Yeah. And I think, well that's, you're getting pissed on. Whereas like, if you are having someone lay there while you shit on them, that is like just an ultimate expression of the, the power of money, I suppose it is. I just don't understand the desire. There's like, there's so many things I would love to do if people would let me do them for money, but not shit on them. Like, that's weird. That would just be so, like my shits are horrendous. Yeah. Like, I'd be embarrassed and I know And you want, make sure you can shit at the proper time. 'cause you can't really time your shits. No. But again, if you have enough money to bring her over and shit on her, you have enough money to keep her on hold. Yeah. Like, You know what I mean? She's not gonna gonna take I'm busy. I'm drinking coffee. I'm having a cold, bro. I'll be, I'm smoking cigarettes, drinking coffee.


Brewing up a good one For you. I have not heard that. I have, I know that people get sent over there and they, fuck, I actually want to go to Dubai. Like, it's the one of the few places. Beautiful. Have you been to the Birch? Yeah. No, I, I've been to that, but I've been to Dubai. I, I was in, in Dubai once because they had the weigh-ins there for the UFC and it's like everywhere you look, it's like Rolls Royce, Ferrari, Lamborghini. Like there the amount of money there was preposterous. And this was quite a long time ago. This was like 2007, I believe That's probably before the bridge was built was the bridge. I don't think it was seven Now don't, no, I don't think it was there. So what I had seen is just like, what was there then? And just the obs obscene amount of wealth. I mean it's really like shocking.


Yeah. I want to go just to go out because I'm afraid of heights. So like, I want to go into that, that, that, that observation deck on top. The one that Tom Cruise. How many floors is it? I wanna say it's like one 20 or something. It's, it's crazy. It's 3000 feet. The, the tower. I think it's the tallest structure in the world. And there's a few people who have sat in that. Like there's, you see that picture of Tom Cruise who is batshit crazy. Like he actually jumped out the window of that thing for real. Do you ever see footage of him training for that mission? Impossible. He Jumped out the window Building. He jumped out the window strapped in. And I've seen footage of him like taken by people on the observation deck of Tom Cruise hanging out on the outside of the bird's tower.


And there's a picture of him sitting on the very, very top. It's 3000 feet and his feet are just hanging off in a helicopter is circling. He was the first guy to do it. He's not harnessed or anything. He's probably harnessed on his back somehow. What is this for A mission Impossible. One Of the mission Impossibles, but yeah, that's, Oh my God. But he Actually is in space. Oh my God. Look how tall that is. He's running. It's the craziest thing I've ever seen. He's a fucking maniac. He is. And the fact that he's still doing these stunts and he's 62 years old. Do you see what he did at the last mission? Impossible. He jumped in a flaming parachute, ripped the parachute off, and then opened up the second parachute. Oh. And you know, I mean, there's no backup parachute for the second parachute.


He's doing this for a movie. If I met, I've never met Tom Cruise. If I ever met him, all I want to ask him is how do you get insurance companies to agree Right. To let you do this. Right. Like, I can't imagine he was running down the, the face of the ta and some of it was shot in CJI But that's legit. Like that was real. Yeah. Here it is. Look at this. So he's, he jumps out in a flaming parachute and this is all planned out. I mean, they douse the parachute with gasoline jumps. They light it on fire. Wow. Look at that. Wow. He hit 16 times. 16 times. Oh my God. So he has to cut it loose and then he has to open up his secondary parachute.


Is there, you wonder, is there a kill switch that if like, like if you push a clamp and you can't get the clamp open? No, he is fucked. Like if he can't cut loose, he's fucked. And if his second parachute doesn't work, he's double fucked. Yeah. I heard him say sort of like, he figures out something crazy he hasn't done and then just goes through all the processes of like, how do you learn how to do this? Yeah. He learned how to fly helicopters for one of the stunts. So like one of the stunts where they're they're bombing through the canyons. Yeah. He was actually flying the helicopter. He wanted to make it really obvious that it was him. Yes. Flying that helicopter. And he and the side of the, I've seen him talk about like being on the side of the plane that took off when he was hanging off the plane. Yeah. But you wonder like, what, what is it in you that, like what kind of a rush when you're not working, what do you do to think, you know, like fucking cowboy surround will fly a plane and then cut the engine and fall.


'cause he needs a, he's fucking crazy and needs dopamine. What do you do to match this in your real life? This is the new one, the new plane thing. He's done a couple of different plane ones. Yeah. This is just one of 'em. Oh. Oh, you see the string there? Yeah. Insane. Yeah. But they edit all that in the movie, right? Yeah. But what if the string breaks? Yeah. What if the string breaks? That's right. You can only have so much faith. Right. In in, in Also what if he gets hit by a bird right here and gets kd Ah. Or falls back and bangs his head on the side of the, well this Is a thing that's only for these Mission impossible movies. But by the way, he's been doing these mission impossible movies for Yes. I was listening to an EPMD song the other day. And in the thing it's like Mission Impossible, not Tom Cruise. Like there was joking around about Tom Cruise being in Mission Impossible in an EPMD song from like, what year was that?


Oh, EPM. You know what I was think thinking EPMD, the rappers 9 7 97. Do I Not know them? That was his first Mission Impossible movie. I mean that's when the Lyric came out. That's the song's called The Joint. That's the where it's in, I guess. Well, what year was the first Tom Cruise Mission? Impossible movie. Probably, Probably the same time. Maybe even 99 6 9 5 if they were writing about Wow, that's wild. That is wild. 96. So he's been basically doing Mission Impossible for 30 years. He's 62 now. Yeah. Crazy. But he doesn't do that in the other movies. He does. Well Some of 'em Does. He does he do crazy stunts in all of his movies? What About that? I mean, the one, the live di repeat. That's Shit mad. Oh yeah. Was he doing stunts in those? Not, I mean, I don't know exactly how many of them he did, but he did the Jack Richard too Thing I was trying to think of too.


Yeah. And He also broke his ankle. He was jumping from one building to another and Destroyed his ankle and He destroyed, but he actually fucking limped and tried to finish the shot. Like what? A Finish the shot? Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's insane. You can See his ankle collapse when he hits the wall. Yeah. He's a fucking nut man. Like a real nut. It's like when you look, but you ever watch Old Buster Keaton footage? Oh yeah. The crazy shit that he would do. The train or the building. How many Mission Impossible movies are there? Like there's 11. Is there 11? No, I thought it was like seven or eight. Seven. Yeah. Seven. Yeah. So, And it all started in 96? Is that what you said? Jesus Christ. That guy's been in some fucking banger movies. Scientology works for some people.


It's, it's, it's interesting that he wants to do all of his own stuff. The firm. I just rewatched. It's funny, I hated the music in the firm so much. It took me out of it. But that's a pretty, that that's a great film. Gene Hackman was great in that. Oh yeah. Yeah. What a shame. He died, man. I I, he's one guy I never met that I wanted to meet Gene Hackman. Yeah. I would've liked to have met him too. Oh, Is he fucking He died Bad though. Oof. He Did, but he died kind of the way you wanted to die. Just alone and home and, Well, his died, his wife died first they think. Yes. He had, he had dementia, I think. Yeah. So I don't even know if he knew she was dead. They said he might have just been wandering. Maybe he just wandered around hungry. Oh boy. I know. It doesn't matter who you are. Oof. Yeah. When, when your body stops working And it doesn't matter how many fucking people love you, it's over.


Brando was like that. Like I, I, I, I love brand. 'cause he was just so difficult. Like, you gotta love a guy who's so good at something that people tolerated. He Was such a nut. He bought an island and moved there. I Just would never acknowledge being a good actor like you. I just was interview with Connie Chung and she's like, you're a great actor. And his dog is there. He goes, he's a better actor. He acts like he loves me 'cause he wants food. I'm like, what a great, what a great fucking what a great what a But he meant it like you knew he wasn't like some fucking douchey poser. Like he was really this guy. Well that's why he was so good. But he was also good before anybody was good. He was the first actor that was like acting like a real person. Yes. In movies. Whereas like every other actor was like, Hey, stay away from my girl.


See I can't watch old stuff and look, I'll acknowledge I stink. I know I stink. So I can't judge other people's. I'm not gonna judge James Cagney or fucking Hump. Right. Cagney's a good example. But you Watch them and you're like, they were so like Victor mature. They're like, ah, Tommy, why don't you cut it out Tommy. Yeah. And then you see Brando, I can't watch the old stuff, it's just Yeah. It's theater acting or something. Right. On film. He was the first guy that figured out how to be real in a film. And James Dean did it as well. Yes. And then a bunch of other people. And now, you know, there's a lot of people that do it, but nobody had figured it out. But again, it goes back to that thing where this was a completely new medium where Right. Like it didn't really exist before him.


You know, he was like one of the very first movie stars that figured out how to do it correctly. But there weren't a lot of, it wasn't a long history of movie stars. It was a fairly new thing. Yes. And I've seen footage of his, his screen test for street crime named Desire and like, you know, with Stanley Walks into the kitchen and he's just talking and he's talking to Estella. Not, it might have been Ella and he's just moving and grabbing stuff and you're watching him and you're like, I would never have the confidence in it to, to just touch and, Well, I wanna see that behave. Can you find that screen test from Streetcar named Desire? Is that it right there? Hey, let's listen. Oh yeah. Headphones again. You Yes. Will You do that for me?


Got it. Action. That, And this is even different than what I was thinking. The one of think it was in the kitchen Cut. Maybe it's part of the same one. Yeah. Here he is. Just putting a cigarette out in a fucking bottle. No, hold on. Go. Go back to that. Yeah. Action. What the plaster crack. Alright. You hands, I cut out the cat in there. You can hear well you can hear me. And I told you a hot shot. Cut it, print it. That's all one. Oh, so this is actually real footage though.


Yeah. And this is different than the one, but it's, it's interesting to see these are outtakes. Yeah. Action. Hey, stop. You can hear the camera. Yeah. But even the way she's looking at him looks old school compared to what he's doing. Right. She's looking at him in a very strange way that doesn't feel like Right.


Doesn't feel real. It feels like she knows she's in a movie. Yeah. A good looking guy back then Too. Oh, he was a fucking what? A pussy machine. He fucked him all too. And then he just, he didn't like the fact that he's good looking. So he became a Blimp. Just ate ice cream. I mean, not love that guy. He got so big during Apocalypse Now if they had a film in the shadows And he wouldn't acknowledge that because they were trying to make it like CURTs had gotten fat and was living the life of And he wouldn't do it. Yeah. Just sat there in the shadows. Yeah. What a fucking nut. But you know, again, it's just, there wasn't a lot of people like that. He, I mean, I mean, how do you not go crazy? He's the only guy and I can't watch Shakespeare.


I mean, I know he was the great, I just can't watch him. And I watched him doing, I think he played Mark Anthony or Julius Caesar and watching him do Shakespeare like you felt like he's really saying these like, You know what I mean? It always feels so British. You know what haw window Blake, it just doesn't feel connected to the person. Right. And I watched him, I'm like, this is like a real guy actually saying this. Yeah. So he is the only person I've ever been able to watch do Shakespeare. Yeah. There's an art, there's a real art to acting when it's just done badly so often that we hate most actors. Yeah. And it's hard to do. And I, I, again, I I, there's very few things I give my credit self credit for, but I do give myself credit for recognizing my limitations. Yeah. In that area. It's been easy to recognize when people have pointed it out.


But I understand it. It's also not an area that you're really concentrated on, nor were you drawn to it. You know? Right. So when you're doing it, you're like, how am I doing this? It's like if you get Tom Hanks to do standup and when he did punchline it was fucking terrible. It was rough. Why? Because he wasn't really doing standup. You know, he's an actor. But if you wanted to be an actor, if that was your thing, you'd probably be great at it. Do you know who was, I saw they was shooting some of the Will Arnett. I mean, Bradley Cooper just directed a movie at the Comedy Cellar. Is that him doing Shakespeare? He's 29 years old here. Lemme hear you. He's 29. He's 29 and 53. A noble Brutus have told you Caesar was ambitious. If it was so it was a grievous fault.


And grievously have Caesar answered it here on the leave of Brutus and the rest. Well, Brutus is an honorable man. So are they all, all honorable men Come I to speak in Caesar's funeral. He was my friend, faithful and just to me. But Brutus says he was ambitious and Brutus is an honorable man. He has brought many captives home to Rome. Whose ransoms to the general coppers filled to distance. Caesar seem ambitious. When did the poor have cried? Caesar have wept. Ambition should be made of Strana stuff.


Yet Brutus says he was ambitious and Brutus is an honorable man. You all it See that on the iCal life, rice presented him a kingly crown, which he did. Rice refused. Was this ambition yet Bruger says he was ambitious and sure he is an honorable man. I still dunno what the fuck he's talking about. Yeah. I don't know either, but I believe him. It's Powerful. Yeah. He's locked in. He's Locked in, man. And he's, he's really, he understands what he's saying. Yeah. He understands the words. He's right. I've done He's living the words. Yes. It's in his head. He believes it when he's saying it. And that's the, that's like the Daniel Day Lewis thing. Yes. Like when he's playing that crazy guy and there will be blood.


Oh Yeah. He believes it. I drank your Milk Like it's real. Well when he's, he's in, he's locked in. The Craziest part of that movie is when he's sitting there with the kid and he's petting the boy's head at one point. That's supposed to be his son. Yeah. And I'm like, as an actor to touch a kid, like, even though you're acting, he was petting this boy like the way you would pet your son. Right. Like, like it was like, he's so comfortable and so in this Yeah. That you really believe this is his side. It was like, that was that stuck out for me. Like the level of comfort you need on a set to do that. Because I've been on a set with a kid there, everybody's like, make sure you don't curse, make, and this guy didn't give a fuck. He just picks the kid up, starts petting his head. Well He's gotta be that guy.


And you know, he would be, he's a method guy. So he'd be that guy for months. Have you met him? No. No, I haven't either. Gary Oldman I like a lot, which is not exactly a stretch. Gary Oldman I think is one of the most versatile, Have you seen Slow Horses? No. It's the Apple Show. It's really good. What is it? It's a spy show. He plays a Spy Oldman Or Daniels Oldman. It's a new show. Oh no, it's really good. I haven't watched anything on Apple. Like I, I I tried to watch the Morning show, but I didn't love it. Did You see Severance? Severance is great. Season one. I loved Yeah. Season two. It got a little weird. It got it, it almost got a little weird, like the Way Lost did where they were doing things to serve the kind of show that they were.


Right. But I didn't, I'm like, what does this mean? Like, this is just crazy and weird. But they're just doing it like to be, again, I, I watched it and I probably will watch season three, but Season one I liked more. Yeah. Season one was better. I think there's some shows like that where they, the concept is so out there, it really has like a finite amount of time where you're allowed to like, maintain that. Yes. And then it just becomes, we have to get to season again. I say lost, Right? Like Lost. Yeah. Lost is the best example. 'cause the first season it was fucking great. It Was. And the backstory telling, like I, I look at the writing of that. And again, it was tv. They only had a certain amount of leeway they could do. I, their backstory stuff was great. The writing on, you know, John Locke and on on Kate and all these people, the way they would tie in their backstories I thought was brilliant.


But then the way they ended, I was like, fuck. You know, everyone complained about it. But I'm like, they miss what they should have done. You know? Done. It's a great fucking story or a great show, rather. Mob Land. Have you seen Mob Land on Paramount? Who is Rec somebody? It was either Colin or Bobby was recommending Mob Land. It's fucking great. Is it? It's fucking great. It's a guy Richie show. It's fucking great. Who was the show? Tom Hardy. Ah, Pierce. Pierce Bronson plays the old mobster. He's fucking amazing in it. You know, you think of Pierce Brosnan, you think like a kind of a campy James Bond. Yes. Not in this fucking movie. Really? He plays a maniac, like a stone cold maniac. And it's great. Did You see footage of Tom Hardy? I just saw footage of him like submitting someone.


Oh yeah, he is good. He's a Black belt, right? No, no, no. He's not a black belt. Oh, he's not? I think he might be a purple belt. Is he a purple belt or is he a blue belt? He competes though. I know. I just saw footage of him. Yeah. But he's all fucked up now. His neck's fucked up. His knees are fucked up. Purple belt. Purple bell. Oh, okay. Purple belt. He's legit man. Yeah, he's legit. I've I've watched him compete. Yeah. I was like, okay. And like Zuckerberg Zuckerberg's legit, he's real. He gets in tournaments. He, he's very competitive guy. I've seen, seen footage, you know, for a guy's worth $200 billion. It's kind of crazy to enter into a local juujitsu match And you know, risk getting spiked on your head by a plumber. You know, some fucking, some plumber who's also a blue belt fucking, you know, suplexes you on your skull And he recognizes you and his fucking account just got banned.


Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's been posting Q anon memes and, And then he sees you and you think it's destiny. And by the way, he wear a, he wore a mask up until the time he's about to compete. So they don't know they're gonna compete with Zuckerberg until he is in there with him. Which is really a mind, it's kind of a huge disadvantage to the opponent. Yes. And you're like, what? Because especially if you've never been around a famous person before. Right. And all of a sudden you have And you're also an amateur 'cause he's an amateur. Yeah. So you're all like, what? You're probably like blown away. Maybe the first time you've ever competed too and you're competing against Zuckerberg Who? It, it's, but he's, he's, I think he's a blue belt too, right? I believe so. And I well, let's What belt is Zuckerberg? Zuckerberg brings in legit people though.


Like he trains with very, very legit people. Bofski I know was training with him. I know he's around Alex Perrera a lot. Style bender. Yeah. Pereira. Yeah. He brings in like Dave Camarillo, who's a top level Brazilian juujitsu black belt. He brings him him blue Belt and blue belt. Yeah. Yeah. He's legit man. He blew His knee too, too. Dave Camarillo. Yep. To his ACL. He wound up getting Pat. I tried to talk him out of the type of surgery that he got. He got the difficult surgery, which is a patella tendon graft. I've had both my ACLS reconstructed and my left one was a patella tendon graft. My right one was a cadaver, and the cadaver was so much easier to recover from. And I told him, I'm like, dude, get the cadaver trust. Me and his doctor wanted to do the patella tendon.


He wound up doing that. It's a long rehab with the patella tendon. But you know, the fact that he blew his knee apart and still kept training is pretty impressive as well. Yeah. And I, I'm in that place too, like where I've inflamma I'm just trying to get healthy. Like I, I've been seeing some guy, I know if I need surgery, but I'm getting MRIs, getting insurance to approve MRIs. It's a fucking nightmare. But I want to get my, my ankle, my hip, my knee. I'm all fucked up. What's wrong? I've been fucked up for years. I've had like, my leg goes numb. My right leg was going numb in my thigh. Did You ever get your back looked at? I I did. I have to get, I, again, I'm trying to get approval for the MRI for that, but they, I twisted my ankle very badly a few times. How Long are you in town for? I'm supposed to call 'em tomorrow. Okay.


What time tomorrow? When's your flight? First Thing? First flight. Oh. I might be able to get you into ways to, well, this afternoon, ways to wells, the local stem cell clinic. They'll, they'll shoot you, shoot you up with stem cells. That'll fucking help everything man. Does it help? Oh, Tremendously. Tremendously. Where do they shoot 'em? Tremendously. Right into the injury. Yeah. I got back. I got, I'm a fuck it. But I, but I feel better now. I've been doing these stretches, like the, the guy that my, my physical therapist recommended and I'm, I'm going to someone who's, he gave me some anti-inflammatory pills for a week and I feel a tremendous difference. Yeah. Be careful with those. What do they do? Well, It depends on what you're taking. If you're taking a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory, they're terrible for your gut, your gut biome, it destroys your gut biome.


Okay. It's, it could be really bad. It can actually make inflammation. Like my friend Cam Haynes, he was taking 800 milligrams of ibuprofen every day. And I talked to him about it. I go, what you doing? What? And then I sent him some stuff that Rhonda Patrick had put out about it. I'm like, dude, get off of that. He got off of it. All of his pain went away. The inflammation was being caused by the fact that he was taking so much ibuprofen, it was ruining his gut biome. So it was creating inflammation. So that combat, that inflammation, he was taking ibuprofen and he thought the only way he was gonna be able to run the miles that he was running was to constantly chew on ibuprofen. So he got off of it entirely. All the pain went away. Totally counterintuitive. Yeah.


I've only been on these. He said one week is all. He goes, I don't, I don't want you to take 'em for a week. What is it? What he, I don't remember. But he goes, I just wanna see if it, he's trying to see like how severe the injuries. I wanna see if this does help at all. But he goes, take 'em for, he gave 'em to me for a month. He goes, don't take 'em for more than a week. So I like the fact that he's showing restraint. He's like, Well, the thing is, doctors have a limited amount of tools if you want to prescribe medication to somebody, you know, whatever the, You know what, whatever the, the common practice is, is what that doctor has to adhere to. They can't step outta line. And the reality is, a lot of that stuff has side effects, but there's natural ways that you could deal with inflammation like curcumin, turmeric, there's a lot of different, right.


You know, that stuff that helps a lot that's legit. And it's not bad for you. But a lot of inflammation comes from diet. A lot of it a big factor. Like I remember I talked to this lady who was a physical therapist and I had a neck issue and she was like, you'd kind of be amazed if you cut out all the inflammatory foods of your diet, how much it would affect it. I'm like, really? She's like, yeah, I mean, you probably do have a neck injury, but I guarantee it's exacerbated by the foods you're eating. She said, cut out bread, cut out sugar, and, and see, see if it has an effect. You Know, I've tried to, 'cause I, I fattened up and I know it, like I, I put weight on and the re again, for me it was a dopamine thing. I'm not doing the things I used to do, which Right. So you need something to do that.


Just like gimme a sandwich, Something. Yeah. You know, what am I gonna do on the road? I'll have a Pretzel. I know, right. That's what my bane of my existence are fucking pretzel. Like, it really is. It's not like I'm eating pizza, I'm not eating cake. All that shit is terrible. Sourdough pretzels. I can't All that shit. So I just, our bread is fucked and our bread is so fucked. If you go and I'm, I'm sure you've been overseas, you go go eat bread in Italy. You don't feel bad at all. No, you're not. It's not as bad. We're fucking poison. I also, I'll play this thing. 'cause Brian Simpson sent me this and it's very good. Hold on sec. Lemme see. Show you right here. But it's all about bread. Brian Simpson sent me this and he is like, I think I'm done with bread. And I was like, oh my God.


Like, this is kind of crazy. Do I need my glasses? No, no, no. I'll put it up on the screen. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna find it though. 'cause he sent it to me. Here it is. I copy sent it to Jamie. Here it is. It won't matter if there's World War ii, but if there's not World War iii, probably stay away from bread. American bread. I mean eat sourdough bread. Sourdough bread's fucking great for you. But play this from the beginning so we could, this guy's gonna explain, oh, what's wrong with American bread? And to me, why I can eat bread in Spain and in I can in Greece, Italy.


No problem. Why? I was glu gluten free in 15 years. I've been gluten free in car America. Can't eat it. That's because in America, what we call bread can't even be considered food in parts of Europe. See here in America, it's not so much the gluten as what we've done to the grain. About 200 years ago, we started stripping the brain in germ or the fiber in nutrients to make flower shelf stable. Also nutritionally dead because the nutrients were gone. We enriched it with folic acid, which a large majority of the population can't even metabolize. Therefore, many people experienced fatigue, anxiety, hyperactivity, and inflammation. But then the bread wasn't white enough, so they bleached it with chlorine gas and the bread didn't rise enough.


So they added a carcinogen called potassium bromate, which has banned in several countries like Europe, uk, and even China. Then we wanted to ramp up production. So we started using glyphosate to dry out the wheat before harvest, causing endocrine disruption and damaging your gut. So now your bloated brain fog tired and blamed gluten. But gluten is just the scapegoat. The real issue is ultra processed, chemically altered bleach, bromate fake vitamin filled wheat soaked in glyphosate. This isn't bread, this is Who, who is that dude? What's his name? Danny Durr. Click on, click on his. So we could give that guy some props. Dennis Eckel Berg Eckel Bar Eel Barger Eckel Barger. Danny Denny dn N-Y-D-U-R-E on Twitter and Instagram.


Do you know I will never, as I'm watching him do that, I will never be able to do anything into camera as well as he just described how shitty bread is. Like I was watching him doing like he's getting all the words proper. Yeah. And he is fucking, he's giving the information. He's not blinking, he's not twitching. He's just, he's not annoying. He's not annoying. Yeah. Yeah. He's just giving it to you. Yeah. Perfect delivery. But that should be something that everybody should see. When I know that when I cut that stuff outta my diet, it, it makes a giant difference. Also, I should say Joe Osa, who has this amazing subs shop in Yes. New York. And he's gonna open up one out here in Austin. Oh, nice. Joey Roses fantastic sub shop. Their wheat is all flown from Italy.


It's all like natural wheat. Ah, yeah. And so their bread doesn't fuck with you and they, they make it fresh every day and they throw it out at the end of the day. You never have day old bread. It's always fresh and they bake it there. So it's like when he's getting bread for his sandwiches, it's the kind of bread that you get in Europe. Do You know, I think I, I have to think you're right because there was one time we had OSA on the show And it was in the morning show and he didn't bring us any sandwiches. I'm like, wait, where's the fucking sandwiches, Joe? How about a sandwich? He couldn't, he That's what he said. Yeah. And I was like, fuck him. 'cause then he did chip and he brought in sandwiches, but we taped in the afternoon. Yeah. And I'm like, he was telling the truth. DeRosa tell the truth was telling the truth about his bread. Yeah. When they, they had a popup out here at South by Southwest and he brought over sandwiches.


They're fantastic. They're They are, They're very good. Unbelievably good. I, that is my number one. My, if I have a vice, it is Italian food. My, my, my big vice is Sam Italian sandwiches, Italian subs, pasta lasagna. That, that stuff gets me. I fucking love it. But you, you have to get it from a place that's using like heirloom wheat and you can find places. Right. There's a lot of great restaurants in New York. There's great restaurants in LA that use heirloom wheat and you'll eat their pasta and you don't feel bad. Most of the bread that you're getting in America is like what that guy described. And that's why you feel like shit when you eat it. Yeah. I feel like shit most, most of the time when I'm especially like, just always tired.


I finally got, I I, whatever. It's the apnea. It's a fucking, you know, an old man complaining. I just, I just, I I can't breathe when I sleep. It sucks. Have you tried a carnivore diet? You ever tried that? No. And again, I know that my fear of eating too much meat is probably unfounded, but I've No, I've, I've done whole 30, which actually I shed weight. What's your fear? What's the Fear of eating too much meat? Just like, because No, I does cancer feed on meat? No. Like, like that's what I was always afraid of is that No cancer feeds on sugar. Okay. Yeah. That's the really the, the number one thing that cancer oncologists will tell you when they, if they're trying to adjust your diet, some don't. And it's very infuriating. I've had family members that have cancer and their doctor tells 'em, you're gonna go through chemotherapy, eat whatever you want.


I'm like, oh my God, don't eat whatever you want. Yeah. Like part of what is wrong with you is your diet. It's a giant part of your overall metabolic health. But a lot of oncologists now will try to get people on a ketogenic diet because it gets your body to burn fat instead of burning sugar. Yes. And then it starves the cancer. They're also, they'll try to get you to do some, some fasting, like intermittent fasting. Like have a window of feeding where you fast for 16 hours and then eat for eight. Or you can only eat during eight. The keto diet, I never did it, but this is what a delusional idiot I am. When I was in Montreal during the pandemic, I, I joined Costco and I would go and eat keto chocolates and I somehow convinced myself that.


I was like, oh, it's keto cho but I wasn't doing the rest of the fucking diet. Right. But they have some actually good shit you can eat if you're on the keto diet. Yeah. I guess you're doing it right. Yeah. But I would go there and buy all these delicious like keto chocolate clusters. Yeah. So yeah, that one I heard it gives you a bad breath Keto. Yeah. That was what I've, I've heard again, I just, I don't remember where I heard it, but they were like, there's something about ketosis fucks your breath up. I bet it does. Yeah, I bet it does. But just brush your fucking teeth and have a mint. Well Is it coming from the gut though? Yeah, it probably is. It's probably ketones. Ketones smell terrible. Have you ever taken exogenous ketones? I've, I've never even, I've heard of ketones. What's an exogenous ketone? You can take exogenous ketones. It's ketones that you drink And it puts your body into an instant state of ketosis where your body instantly starts to burn fat.


And it actually is really good mentally. I like, I've take exogenous ketones sometimes when I have to perform or I have to do something. So I've taken 'em before. UFCs too. UFCs are like the big mind fuck for me because it's six hours of thinking. Yes. And I have to think about previous fights. I have to like predict techniques. I have to see what's going on. And then like we're gonna, when it goes to the ground, it's kinda like my job is to explain particular submissions Right. When it goes to the ground. Especially in the early days before I did it with DC 'cause I was, you know, the only, like when it was me and Goldberg Goldberg's not really a martial artist, so it was just me. So I would have to go like, explain why someone's in trouble and what's gonna happen.


Yeah. To someone who's doesn't understand like a, a triangle or something like that when someone goes to the ground and you need brain fuel. And so ketones help a lot. Another thing is like, I eat these gum, these are gummies now Alpha brain gummies, but I always take some type of neutropic neuro gum or there there's neuro gumm has mints too. I'll take these mitts. Like if you see me at the UFC, I'll have those, I take these little nicotine pouches. I just, What do they call the anything pins? Are they, what's, what are they called? There's a word for those little nicotine. I know. Pouches Zinn. That's what I'm thinking of. Yeah. Yeah. These are different. These are from a company called Lucy. These are called breakers.


These are, are those, do those have THC in them? No, no, no, no. It's just nicotine. This is all just nicotine. No, I mean those, the, the Gummies. No, these are No, no. The gummies are just nootropics. Nootropics are like theanine. There's like a little bit of caffeine in these. And they, like, one of the things we did with on it, we, we made this thing called Alpha Brain, which was, there's a bunch of different nootropics out there and a bunch of like acetylcholine, a bunch of different things that have shown to have an effect on your memory. Yeah. And so we put together a, a, a group of these that would all work synergistically. And then we did two double blind placebo controlled trials at Boston Center for Memory.


And it showed efficacy. It showed that it, it helped increase, increase verbal memory, which is like your ability to form sentences and recall the word, the correct words to use. Yeah. Reaction time, alpha State. And so it's like, it does work. And it's not just on it because I'm connected to it. Like I have no connection at all to neuro gum or neuro mints. Right. But, but it works. And I tell people about it. There's another company called True Brain that's really good. There's another company called Neuro One. That was the first one that I ever tried. That's a, that's Bill Romanowski, the football player. Oh yeah. He developed that because he was having memory problems after getting fucking hit in the head for all those years playing football, Didn't I? As far as I've ever gone.


What was that pill you were taking? It's not echinacea. There was one pill you were taking that was supposed to be good for memory. It was like one of those things you get on the fucking shelf in the vitamin store. And I don't remember what it was, but I used to take that, but I didn't see any. Hmm. I was taking it or no. Me, I the collective you Yeah. People would Take. I don't know. But there, there's a bunch of those things. They're real, like nootropics. It's a real thing. And a lot of people call it snake oil. And I understand, I understand that you'd be very suspicious. But there's a, the real, and this is one of the reasons why, you know, like I have a connection obviously to on it. We found the company together, but I don't have any connection to neural brain. Right. Or neuro one, take them. They work, there's real legitimate solutions that help your brain function and they don't seem to carry any side effects.


Some people they take high doses of, some of them get headaches. I think that's probably just like, some people react very badly to caffeine. Yeah. Some people rea you know, it's like everybody has their own different biological stuff, but try it. And the gum is a great one. Neuro gum is great because it's a delicious gum. It tastes good And it really works, man. I take it all the time. It Helps your brain a little bit. Oh yeah. I take it before I go on stage. I chew neuro gum before I go on stage. It's very legit. Do You know What I wanted to take? Because Jamie's got a big bag of it right there. And again, we're not connected to them. Right. This is just, this is just stuff that works. I wanted to take, because flying became such a, again, a fear for me again.


Like in this phase of my life, I don't fucking need that. So I talked to Whitney and she's talked about beta blockers. I didn't take 'em, but I got, I I like, do they help at all? To like, but I have a low heartbeat anyway, so I don't know if it's gonna fuck me up to take a beta blocker. But I well, Beta blockers stop you from getting anxious. Right. They stop adrenaline. They st they'll have a lot of people, they get busted using them and like archery competitions allow, they, they ban them. Sure. Because, you know, like you're like in the Olympics and you're just trying to hit that bullseye every time. Like any kind of nerves or jitters is gonna fuck with you. But you know, the problem is it's gonna be something that you get, you get addicted to or you maybe not even physically addicted, but you, you know, you become dependent upon it.


That's What I don't want. And I think I've asked, they said they weren't, but I I for flying, it's, it's something I like, I literally have to fight to do. Yeah. Yeah. I'm getting a little bit better, but I, I like, I Just anxiety. Yeah. Dude, I'm a fucking, I'm a grownup. I have to sit by the window and look at the wing and try. I, I'm really hateable on a plane, fucking six in the morning, but I just trying to sleep and I get my fucking fat face pressed up against the window staring at the company eight. So I I'm trying to get outta that. Well there's, there, there are things, you know what's another thing that's really good for your cognitive function that a lot of people aren't aware of is creatine. And creatine is really good, particularly if you are sleep deprived. Like there's a study that they did that showed that if you take, I think it's 20 milligrams of creatine, it has a, a, a really positive effect on your ability to maintain normal cognitive function while you're sleep deprived.


Really? Yeah. I've heard of it. It's also very good for women. C creatine is especially good supplement for women to take for some strange reason. But it's, you know, it's a muscle building supplement. It's like really good for helping you gain muscle mass and, and strength. If you were weight training, that was what it was initially used for. But now they're realizing there's a lot of cognitive benefits to creatine As well. Okay. Yeah. I don't take any of that stuff and I probably should at this point. I take creatine every day. I take nothing o other than just my, like my, the little thing from my heart And you know, just the You Don't take vitamins? No. Oh God. I know. I probably should I take Everything I take BI do take B and I take one other one. You should take D for sure. You live in New York City, you know you're probably not getting enough sun.


No, definitely. Yeah. D is huge 'cause D is a hormone. D is actually a hormone and it's a hormone that your body produces when you get the sun. The best way to get vitamin D for sure is to be in the sun. But if you're not in the sun enough. One of my, one of my friends who's a doctor was in New York City when he was doing his, his residency. And he said they would do tests on people in New York City and they found that they had undetectable levels of vitamin D in the winter. And he was like, you know, this is, has a huge effect on your immune system. This is the reason why people get like everyone's, oh, it's flu season. No, it's lack of vitamin D season is what it is. The flu doesn't thrive in the winter.


The flu exists in the winter because people have a low immune system in the winter and then they start catching it and giving it to other people. But it's really a function of your immune system not working properly. I, so you need D and you should take D with K two, vitamin K, two N magnesium. They all work synergistically together. I'll remember it like hard. I will text you and ask you the same question. Like one of those things. That's okay because I Don't text me. I'll, I'll tell you, but you should take that. But you should also take B, you should take B12. You should take C. C is huge. You, you can't take enough of it or you can't take too much of it. Right. C's great. I can take liposomal C. It's really good for you. Yeah. You know, cause it wasn, you know how it is. You get older man, you start thinking like, eh, these things are starting to affect me now a little bit.


Not terrible, I'm still in pretty good health. But you start to panic and start to think like, how old are you now? 56? I'm 57, I'm almost 58. And my body works great and it's really because of that. It's just as a huge effect. I don't skip days and when I do, I feel it, you know, but I try not to. And I have a whole cabinet filled with supplements that I take. I, you know, I take a lot of vitamins. My buddies never work great though. So it's not like I don't see any real drop off. Well that's the problem, you know, if you're working out and you're doing all these different things and you want your body to function better, just force yourself to do it. Get your wife to like, make you little packets. Yeah. It's real simple. You know, just lay all the stuff. I need two of these, three of these, one of those.


Put it all in a package. This is methyl folate. Put that in there. This is, and all that stuff has a giant effect on your health. It is a, you wanna, you want your body to function optimally. Yeah. And what I notice, the difference is when I eat poorly, when I don't get enough sleep and when I don't take supplements, I get that. I quit drinking Like three months ago. Little more than little more than three months ago Now. Like nothing. You're not drinking At all. I haven't drank anything in three months. I feel great. Was it Hard? No, it was super easy. Yeah, it was really easy. You were ready? Yeah. I was like, I just, there was too many days where it's kind of hard when you own a club and you're there a lot And you know you're having drinks with friends and like, you wanna drink? Yeah, I'll have a drink and then the next day I'd be at the gym.


I'd be like, Ugh. I feel like shit. Yeah. And I'd be drinking all this water and taking all these electrolytes and getting a sauna and the coal plunge. Just trying to get back to normal. Yes. I'm like, why am I doing that? Well, in the three months of no drinking, I have not had one bad day. I have not had one day where I felt like shit. And it just confirmed what I thought. I was poisoning myself, poisoning myself with fun. I was having a good time. Yeah. I was, you know, it wasn't terrible. I wasn't an alcoholic. I wasn't drinking and driving or anything stupid. But it was a couple of drinks a few nights a week maybe I'd go out my wife on date night have a couple glasses of wine. It was just at the end of the week, it's like you're drinking eight drinks and that's just not good.


It's just not good For you. I can't imagine drinking and doing comedy. Like I, again, I quit before I started and I see guys who are like, like I can't because I was not a fun drunk at all. I was a fucking crier. I was the fucking worst. No one liked me. Fucking a piece of shit. Ah. So I, I would But You quit when you were like 19 Though, right? 18. I was 18. Yeah. You're not even supposed to be drinking back Then. I know. And people like, which is crazy. It's, oh, he was too young. He's thinking. But it's like, I try Again now. Jimmy Did, did people would love, but they wouldn't like me. I was a cutter. I mean, who the fuck was that? A 56-year-old cutter? I mean, how awful is that? That's Awful. So I was, it's the best thing I did because I, I was, I was not a fun guy to be around.


Some guys are fun, like some Oh yeah. When Anthony drinks, he's, you know, at times I wish his fucking Twitter fingers were broken. Yeah. But I wish it would locked his fucking phone. But he is a funny, like he's not an usually an angry drunk. Right. It's Functional. He's a functional guy. Yeah. I was never functional. I was vomit. I was the phone. I should call the FBII fucking, you know, I used to go call bomb threats into my high school. I was fucking crazy, dude. Oh boy. I called, I can say it now. I mean, I called a let's say a threat into the White House. But I was th I was 13. Was 13 when God, you're 13 and that's so Crazy. What a crazy thing To do. The Ku Klux Klan. I called the fucking because I was like a little lib Jimmy and I read that there was a clan book I read and the guy was like a preacher for the Ku Klux Klan.


So I called him, I looked his number up on 4 1 1 back then it was in the early eighties. Wow. And I got his name and I called him. I was, are you fucking racist? And he actually talked to me and he was like, no, I got out of the clan. I'm not in that anymore. We actually had a conver, he actually Oh wow. Engaged me for about 20 minutes. I had a, a conversation with, with some clans when you were a kid. I was 14 years old. 15 years old. Wow. Mid age. Again, that's, I remember calling for information. I forget what Well good For him for doing that. Yeah. For getting out. Yeah. Got getting out and talking to you about that on the phone. Like he didn't have to talk to you about that. He could have just hung up. I'm surprised he 'cause many people did. Yeah. Many. I, I was a, I was a a fix the roll on the phone.


Thank God I did a fucking tear. Do you know who Darrell Davis is? No. Darrell Davis is the guy who's been on the podcast a couple times and he's a blues musician. Is he black? Yes. Okay. And he's the guy that would convert Yes. The clan members. I Know who he is. Yeah. And he gets their costumes. They give him their wizard costumes at the end. He's just, because he's probably a guy who's not. And I, I have seen stuff by him. He probably is just a good guy. And, And it is hard to dismiss him because Exactly. He's not force feeding you. Exactly. It's hard to dismiss anybody when you are just, when you're not, no one wants to be messaged at man. Right, Right, right, right. I don't, I I can't in standup, I can't even do it. Like my job is not to convert people. I want you to know what my life is.


I hope you have some respect for it. Like I'm just living the way I wanna live. Yeah. And I'm not out to tell other people. They have to feel this way. Right. Because no one wants to be messaged at Nobody. It doesn't work. It's not effective. It's, if it was effective, I'd Probably do it. What's effective is what Darryl does. He just shows you like, this is a good man, I must be wrong if I think that all black people are evil. Right. This guys like become a good friend. You have over for dinner and then the guy's, like I'm telling you right now, I'm getting outta the Klan 'cause of you. And he did it to like 200 different people on a one-on-one basis Where he gets to know them. Yeah. And getting beyond, it's like we talked about it before, like anytime somebody is an asshole publicly, but when you meet them Right. And you realize, oh there's a person here. Like it's the Way people are supposed to communicate.


And this is what I think is so terrible about social media is that too many people are just become so accustomed to barking at people just barking out into the abyss. Yeah. I have to stop myself from doing it. There's been times people have tweeted something and I wanna make like a cty remark and I'm like, shut up dummy. They're not talking to you. Exactly. Mind you fucking business. I really do say that to myself. Yeah. Mind your business. You fucking hen. And when I see people do it, I think that guy's mentally ill. Like you're engaging with these people, you're yelling at these people on Twitter, you're mentally ill. Yeah. Like I don't care what other people like, I care people think about me in the sense that I want them to think I'm funny and I want them to, to, of course we all wanna be liked, but I don't care what people's opinions on the Middle East, I don't give a shit. Yeah. You're not gonna change their opinions. And I don't need them to agree with mine.


Like I have enough confidence in my own brain. Yeah. That I am not always right, but I'm always comfortable in my opinions and I'm not afraid of somebody. I'm okay being wrong too. Right. Like I don't need, I don't, I don't need the power of agreement from somebody. It's just Good for you. But it's only 'cause I, I've tried it in my life And it hasn't worked. Right. It doesn't make you happy when you get it. No. It only makes you angry. It Doesn't work. It's not, it's a terrible way to communicate. Yeah, it is. Jamie, I love you to death. I love Best. You too Joe. Thank you buddy. It's always Great to See you. Yes sir. And can I Tell everybody Yeah. Yes. The special is called Unconceivable. I kept forgetting the name and it's not a misspelled unconceivable is actually a word in English language And it does kind of fit.


And the podcast is Jim Norton Can't Save. You both are on at Jim Norton comedy at YouTube. And I'm really happy with this special like nice. I, I would say that anyway. I'm not gonna come up here and shit on my own special. I'm not that self-destructive, but I actually really was happy with This one. Beautiful. So I hope you like it. Alright, thanks pal. Bye everybody.