
Thing that I told you about the No, that's the best thing. Hey, we're up, we're up, we're up, we're up. It's not a good sign that the fights are still going on for the prelims. That must mean there's a lot of decisions. A lot of prelims. A lot of prelims, but also a lot of decisions. Like usually they time it out better 'cause it's like 3 0 4 now and this is 1 37 to go in the third round of Jai Herbert Not ideal. No. But you know, shit happens. Shit happens. At least they're not doing it at five o'clock in the morning. True. That was, that was fucking ridiculous. If I was Leon, I'd be pissed. What time was it in the UK when they said it's normal time? It's, you know, seven hours ahead. Yeah. So it's nighttime there. Yeah, so it's, it's time. It's 10:00 PM right now. It's normal.


Are they six hours ahead or seven hours? I thought it was seven, something like that. But either way it's nighttime there. So have, have you seen any of these guys? Yeah, Jai Herbert's, the guy that head kicked ia, por he dropped, knocked them out. He dropped em. No, he dropped them out. Vicious Head came then Ia fucking starched him in the next round. He has great striking. Great striking. Yeah. Very, very good kicks. Big prospect. Real tall, long lanky dude. But you know, ia, that guy, he connects on anybody. They're going night night. Oh Joe, you if you knew, I know you can't probably talk about it, but do you see Ilya's tweet where he is like, I'm gonna have big news. You guys aren't expecting it. Yeah, I don't know the news. You have no clue? No. I don't know if I had to guess. He's probably fighting a top contender at 55.


I don't think he's done, but that wouldn't be unexpected, you know what I'm saying? He's like, you won't see this coming. So it is not mochi. 'cause we all assume that Mark chef's not fighting. Mochi going at 70 A a's walking around at 180 6. Yeah, he's big man Connor. That's crazy. Connor would have to be in the testing pool for a long time. Oh, don't be not in the testing pool. Don't be, isn't he doing bare knuckle Connor? Well he's running bare knuckle. He's like one of the, one of the he one the, he's not gonna fight. He may, he might get on for the fucking match and pow that the fucking fucking dude. He's also running for president. I might fucking fight bare knuckles. He might. He might. I mean, I could see him doing it. That would blow bare knuckle right through status here.


I mean they'd have to pay him. They'd have to pay him. Jeremy Stevens. Oh my goodness. Jeremy would have to win a couple more times. But Jeremy's back in the UFC? No, no. Jeremy's undefeated. Big El Matador has been my, oh, he changes his nickname. But look, he's got a new identity when we announce it. You won't believe it. Get ready. See, when you say you won't believe it, you gotta come with some shit now. Yeah, you gotta, but that was a while ago. That's March 6th. You know what is today? There's 22nd, but that's the UC being like, don't announce it yet. Yeah, I don't know. You know, I don't know. Like if I, A perfect matchup is Gaethje. I think Charles O Olivea. Oh that's a, that's a great, that's a motherfucker. That's a great matchup. Yes. That's a great matchup. And now remember he tweeted that before Geechee's fight.


Right? So it's, I don't think it's GCI that cut. Oh right. Oh they're gonna stop this man. That's a nasty cut, horrible place to Oh boy. But this is the last round. I think the fight. I think the fight's over might be over. Yeah. Yeah. Oh There You go. It's over. Dustin Poer? No, Dustin's fighting Max. He is, I think so for the BMF shit. Really? I think. Double check that Jim. That's a great fight too. I'm crazy. The third go around at 55. Yeah. And it's max prop. See I think Max should fight more at 55. I didn't like him going back to 45. I think it's too much of a stroke. He, he got pretty big when he got up to fight gci. He put the weight on. Right. He looked fantastic. He looked fantastic. Now people, we all remember the knockout of gci the last second there.


But he was Molly whopping him before that. Yeah. He was beating his ass. And it all started off with that jump spinning back kick to the face in the first round. Yeah. Fucked up. Che's already fixed nose so that Max Holloway, the true Max Hollow at 55. First fucking Dustin for Dustin's last fight in New Orleans. Sure. Take my money. The thing is, you gotta wonder like how much did that ilio por knockout take outta max? True. Because that was a beating. True Ilya's just so fucking dangerous. He's so technical. Like his striking the way he's like bobbing in and moving. He's so comfortable with his head movement. He sees like a step ahead of everybody. He's good at everything. And then people are like, oh he is too small for 55. I'm like, he's actually that. That narrative don't work. He's a big fucking boy.


Well I think the 45 pound cut is look man, they should all stop cutting weight. That's the reality. Cutting weight is bullshit. It's terrible for you. They need more weight classes and they need to stop cutting weight. They need to figure out a way to check hydration levels and, and put people in a weight class and say this. Where do they still do that in one? They do that some kind of typically, who knows? One one's backed off MMA. Like they have a big Muay Hai fight tonight. They backed off MMA. Really? Yeah. They're really focused on Kickbox and Muay Hai I think in Asia that gets a lot of numbers. Big time. And they put on fucking shows man. Kickbox. Yeah. There's a huge, there's a huge one tonight. Huge one. Kickboxing and Moay Hai fights. I think the UFC fucked up when they went with slap fighting.


I've been telling them forever. You guys should get into kickboxing if you only like standup fights. There's, it's not like the old days of kickboxing where they're boring. Like PKA karate. There's characters man. And the knockouts are fucking crazy. Also, all your champs are coming from kickboxing. Yeah. Alex. Izzy like you some monsters kickboxing with MMA gloves in a cage would be giant in the U. Be dope. Just have a striking only segment of the UFC and Gloria's coming back. Gloria's doing a heavyweight competition soon. Gloria's got some elite fighters. Man. I watch Gloria All the time. Yeah, I love it. It's fucking exciting. But nobody's watching it. Nobody knows who these people are. You just gotta educate the crowd. Right. Put the same amount of resources you did in the slap fight.


Right. End of kickboxing and we're cooking. Right. And then it makes sense. They're doing it with Juujitsu. Right? Right. They're doing with Jit. They put how many millions of dollars in Juujitsu and they even have more of a, a budget for it. Big. A lot of it's Eddie, you know they put a lot of it in the Jiujitsu. Yeah. Mikey moi wish a lot of it is not mine. Yeah, it is. With UC fight. No, with U Us C fight. No, I'm saying as far as making it popular, like EFI, all that shit. Like that's, you were the one, You know, I know we're boys, but you were really the one to navigate all that with Fight Pass. That was huge. Yeah. It was a big deal. Having the UFC get involved heavily in Jiujitsu is huge. Are you still doing stuff with them? Yeah. Yeah. I have a, a great relationship with them. I think they're trying to put together some kind of like a tough show now.


Like an Ultimate Fighter show for grappling. Which would be, which would be cool because then you can like build a star from scratch. Yeah. And get to know the guys. Exactly. Yeah. You can get people emotionally involved Because they, because they, they exclusively signed Mikey Hameshi. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Boy it's hard to get people to watch those reality shows these days. I think people kind of burned down on reality shows. You know, DC and Taylor are shooting one right now. They're shooting the Ultimate Fighter. They gotta give up on that bro. And listen you Some 90, I don't know where you watch it. Five or it's on ESPN Plus I think. Is it? I haven't watched it in forever. No one does. I watched the finals. Yeah, I watched the finals to see how good the guys are who win, You know, and see where they're at. You know, I watch Dana White's contender series probably more.


That's the best thing in combat sports fucking as far as talent, like the, the, it's the best because they're super hyped. They have insane motivation. They have this unbelievable opportunity. If they do that they get skyrocketed into the US A and it's not like Ultimate Fighter like where you can win based off grappling And you know, and just hold guys down. They become champion of U ffc contract. Yeah. Dana White contender series. There's dudes who win and he's like, nah, not exciting enough. Yeah. So dudes go for bro. Dude. Yeah. Suan came from there. I mean there's so many champs, a lot of people came from there. Lot of Jamal Hill. Is it illegal to have a, a finish bonus in in the UFC? Like you get paid whatever, 80,000 to show 80,000 a win and then another 50, 80,000 if you finish the fight.


Is that illegal? No, no, no. Definitely not illegal. No. They do it now where performance bonuses they would perform About I think. Yeah. It would help a little bit. Or or or go gangster and go, you know, you have show money and then you get extra money like, you know, double but you have to knock 'em out or submit em. See you. Otherwise you Have Show money. UFL does that. Yeah, I don't everyone say UFL does that. Oh really? Yeah. Okay. I think that's a good idea. What's UFL now? What do you mean? PFL? No, UFL. What's UFLU FFLs Were like Tony Riggs Dale and Dans fighting. Oh I thought that was GFL. Yeah. G-F-L-G-F-L Oh, GFL. Yeah. Yeah. GFL. Sorry. Yeah. There's PFL, there's GFLU, FL something else. But bro, we were talking about GL does that, we talking about the one fight that I'm interested in.


Yo Romero and Mui. That's a great fight. That's a great fight. Great fight. That's one fight that G L's putting together. I'm like, ooh, I watch That. How are, are they both over 40? They're a hundred years old. Yeah, they're both a hundred UL's 79 years old. Dude, I don't care. He looks fucking amazing. Well he's fighting in bare knuckle. Yeah too. Like he, he, I saw some promo with some giant dude fighting. Did you see him box that slap fight guy, bro. That slap fight guy. When he jumped up in the air, I was like, oh I fucked up. I fucked up. Ul just fucking just jumped up in the air for no reason. Like right before, right before he decided to beat his ass, he just jumped straight up in the air and it just some sloppy white guy. You see him to stop fuck Forward. If the ufc if ufc, if the UFC does kickboxing, they might as well just come out with a bang and go bare knuckle kickboxing.


Why not? It's not a bad idea. Take My money. And that'll, that'll, you know, that'll get people to check it out Crazy. If it's Knuck cut crazy. Could you do it separate from UFC events or would you do it like, would would do it like one where you have like MMA fights and kickboxing mix it up On the same cards? I think you could do whatever you wanted, but you could definitely could have a standup only show and it would be huge. Yeah. Where they break 'em up. If they clinch against the cage, you know, you don't allow 'em to clinch do it just like kickboxing does. Separate them. You know, like there's no ground fighting at all. I Think that's going backwards to tell you the truth.


This episode is brought to you by the farmer's dog. We all wanna do the best for our dogs, but there's a lot of mixed messaging out there, especially around dog food. Take kibble for example. You don't have to do a lot of digging to learn that kibble is actually ultra processed. They put the words like premium on their bag next to pictures of real ingredients. But food doesn't end up as burnt down pellets without extreme processing. For decades it was the default dog food. But not anymore. The farmer's dog is healthy food made with real meat and vegetables by people who care about what goes into your dog's body. The recipes are developed by board certified nutritionists to be complete and balanced. And their food is made to the same safety standards as human food. It's lightly cooked to retain vital nutrients and then it's pre-portioned to suit your dog's needs. So try The Farmer dog today and get 50% off your first box of healthy freshly made food plus free shipping. Just go to The Farmer dog.com/rogan, tap the banner or visit this episode's page to learn more. The offer is for new customers only.


This episode is brought to you by visible. Are you tired of wireless slowing you down? Do you wish there was a plan that offered a fast network plus fast hotspot plus savings on top of it all? Well there is and it's visible. Plus it's everything that makes visible and affordable, reliable wireless service. Plus. Plus what? Plus Visible's fastest network and up to two times faster. Hotspot plus smartwatch service included saving you 10 bucks a month. Plus it's all powered by Verizon. Yes. Unlimited talk text data and hotspot. All powered by Verizon's 5G Network. The best part, it's all on one line. Right now you can save $15 a month on Visible Plus for 25 months for just listening to me. That's $30 a month for Visible's best plan. This is an exclusive offer for Joe Rogan experience listeners. So switch by March 31st at visible.com/rogan terms apply see visible.com for plan features and network management details.


Really? You think this really we We had kickboxing. No one watched it. We we already had it. No, but when the UFC came out, people all of a sudden people were into martial arts again. And if we go, that's going back. I Think going backwards is not good. I don't necess I see what you're saying. But look, the UFC does grappling events, right? The grappling events are pure grappling. Why not do pure striking events too and then m a's always the best. Well, Well it was when the UFC blew up. It was UFC two, correct? Yeah. Nobody watched UFC one. They didn't know if it was real. They, there was no B roll. Right? Everyone watched UFC two and did they get blown away and get hooked by it because of the striking or because of the juujitsu? Well it was because it was hoist.


It Was the juujitsu. Yeah. 'cause people didn't realize it. You could fight on the ground. I thought fighting on the ground was was for pussy. But then I went mainstream for tough one with standup with Stefan and Forrest. But listen, let's imagine that Al and I and Pereira fight an only kickboxing fight. Are you telling me that's gonna be boring? That'd be fucking, that's fucking insane. Yeah, they Already Had the little gloves. Oh, with MMA gloves. If They're gonna do it, I'd go bare knuckle if it was up to me. 'cause the Thing about bare knuckle though is your face gets obliterated. Yeah. It's the slices and cuts People, people wanna see the blood, the Wrist hands break. People Wanna see that shit. I, I come date for I come date for game bread where it's bare knuckle MMA and seeing JDS and Alan Belcher and Roy, they don't punch the same Right.


They're a little cautious 'cause they don't wanna break the It's more realistic. It's not the same. It's more realistic. Yeah. Yeah. Which is it is. It is just a different product. What happened? It starts in an hour, but wait a minute, it's not Hilton. Oh this is the bare knuckle one. That's the dirty box. Oh my goodness. This is, that's our boy Mike Perch is kn watch that too. Knuck kn is this bare knuckle dirty boxing. Oh it's bare knuckle. Yeah. And and this, this Hilton is tall with a giant jaw ky fight. This starts in an hour. Yeah. Our KY fights fucking throw that bitch on. It comes, yo, let's go. Isn't that crazy? Our LOFs Man is that dumb And dumb. Who takes a look and it keeps on ticking better than Andre Elof. Tell me about it. That dude's still around. He was the UFC champion in 2005 son.


Wild dude. 2005. That's 20 fucking years ago. Of hardcore combat sports in MMA. That is nuts dude. Remember how hard it was for the UFC even they to cut him. 'cause they kept giving these young lines and he kept beating them. Yeah. He beats a of guys man. They kept what? Dude just get outta here. He's like nah man. He's such a veteran. He's such a veteran. He's so savvy. He sees everything coming. Yeah. Oh yeah man. He's been been there, done that forever. Ya bo Hovi. So you were saying that Bo Hovi got both of his shoulders reconstructed. Both of 'em been out two years. One shoulder's bad enough. But what's impressive about him is he was fighting with bad shoulders when he beat all these boys. Really? Yeah. I mean, how bad were they? Shoulders are tough. Did they get worse? Shoulders are tough. Yeah. Did they get like the worst injury?


It's a bad injury 'cause it's such a complicated joint. Yep. I had Full-blown surgery. It was How's it now? It's good now. Stem cells. How's your back? Your lower back? My Lower back's good man. I got into that Joe hip and steel stretching. Remember I told you about that? That that's huge. I do that every day. That changed everything for you. It, it makes it so that I don't need surgery 'cause I'm supposed to go back for more back surgery. Really? I was supposed to do that two years ago For another disc. Yeah, another one. But I'm delaying that as long as possible And you know, doing these stretches, man it takes about an hour and a half to do these stretches every day. But it makes it manageable where I could, you know, tie my shoe laces without pain, you know?


Yeah. Lower backs are a motherfucker. Yeah. Yeah. So whatever You can do to avoid surgery, man, it's amazing. There's enough shit out there. It look at yawn, first shoulder operated on. Unfortunately there's too much work to do with one. So they could fix both at once. Another surgery soon. So what year, when is this Jamie? Two years ago. It's two years ago. Wow. Haven't fought in two years. That's crazy. And you know, no peptides, no nothing. 'cause everybody is in this, You know, goofy world where you're not allowed to take stuff like BPC 1 57. So stupid. That's Illegal. Yeah. Yeah. Especially after surgery that the last three months, two months I started losing my power, my strength. 40% goes, I try to do something with physiotherapy and doctors to try to fix it, but every training was worse.


Yeah. Now remember too, he's also 42 years old. Yeah. Yeah. That's old. You know, it's less old for the bigger guys, but it's still old. 42 is four. I mean I'm 42, 2 shoulders at 42 is all are hard things to come back From. And Carlos Berg's a motherfucker. He's so fast and tall. He's so long. It's such good matchmaking because Carlos Berg, Even though they think, you know, prospect, I think he's 34, 35, but it's a, he hasn't really beat anybody of note like beat. And then there's also bear also. But he hasn't really beat any of the top guys to get to this. So him, Ian's fun. And there's also his first fight, like his first fight with Kennedy.


Kennedy and Zku. Yeah. Who, who beat him down? Like he was beating Kennedy up and then he gassed out. Yeah. And Kennedy fucked him up. Yeah. Like that's a, that's a big fight because he kind of folded. Yep. Down the stretch over, you know, overamped in the beginning of the fight burned off too much fuel. But just experience. Experience. It's, it's like Sean Brady in the main event. Like when they gave him Bilal he just wasn't ready. Right. And then loses that and then goes on a tear. Yeah. And like now he's ready. Now he's ready. Yeah. Sometimes it takes that had mental coaching and shit too. Which I think is important. How are your shoulders? Good. Good. Yeah. And Yours? Good Shoulders. Good shoulders? I tore my bicep like a month ago probably, but I'm on whole. How bad is it? Shit, it looks weird.


You can see it. Did you get it fixed or no? Nah man, you don't have to get it fixed. Is it small tear? Yeah, it's small tear. Oh, okay. I've just been injecting fucking Pep. BC you name, name something. Just fucking Oh yeah dude. Fucking bro. BPC 1 5 7 with the TB 500 is amazing. The best. Amazing. I started taking blue scorpion Venom shit. What? Yeah, some score. And what doing venom. Some ve I don't name something any, anything someone offers me. I'm like, I'll try it. Like the Name of the brand name is Venom or actual Veno. It's a blue venom. They take venom and, and then put peptides with it from Snake. What? From? From a fucking scorpion. What? Oh shit. What does that do for you? Ah, apparently it helps you with healing.


They say Bee stings cures arthritis. Sure. When people get bee stings like serious arthritis, they get stung all over the fucking hands and it helps 'em. Blue Scorpion venom. What's, what's the name dude? Yeah, they milk Scorpions. Doug reminds me Of a corp sharp Cartilage Corp. Dude, I couldn't lift three weeks ago. I fucking, who knows? Blue Scorpion did it for you? I don't know. That's the thing I take so much shit. I don't know. Something's working. Something Scorpion. Dude, I got back on the bench last week and was no, no problems. What is the scorpion stuff supposed to do? It helped with healing like, like there's all sorts of fucking history on it. Really? Yeah, dude. Blue Scorp. Do you inject it or you take it?


No, it's a serum. Okay, so you put it on the muscle or you put it under your tongue? No you do. Yeah. You put it under your tongue every morning. Every night bro. And I'm like how much say it take, I'll take double truck. Is there a side effect to it? Nah, I feel yeah, being awesome. You get poison. Being feeling healthy. Does it make you feel great? Oh yeah, I feel great. Wow. But you doing a lot of stuff that's hard. That that's the thing. I don't know. I don't know. That's always Then I stumbled upon, was it methanol blue? Yeah. Do you take methanol blue? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I mean is that legit? Yeah. I keep seeing stuff that, that's not how you say it. What is the actual methylene meth? Methylene methylene. Methylene. Methylene. Dude, I take that. It's on me all All the time. Yeah I did. Do you want some Gordon? What is it? Yeah, I take it.


It's methyl, it's, it's like a, what do you say? Nootropic? Well like energy. Well it's basically an MAO inhibitor and it also has something that does something for your mitochondria. I'm not the guy to describe it, but Gary Breca told me to take it and quite a few other people told me to take it. Yeah. I just stumbled. 'cause I take creatine for neurological reasons and for muscle recovery. Yeah. And then I'm taking so many new tropics I, I feel like I leveled out And then someone recommended this, this methanol blue methylene methylene blue. Yeah. And that took you to another level, bro. I mean let's go three, four times a day. Let's go three or four times a day. I think you're supposed to do it one a day bro.


What are we doing here? I got too much shit to get done Doug. Yeah, this one's great. From diesel subs. You like a test rat? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. When they go does it work? I think so. Probably. Yeah. Some's working. One of 'em gonna work. The full combo's working. One of 'em gonna work. No, with the UFC being involved in grappling, they're not thinking about drug testing. Anybody are they? I don't think so, as far as I know. No, because none of the other organizations test. Right. So it's like, unless you're gonna sign, which is starting to happen now 'cause there's a little bit more money. I-B-J-J-F Test. Yeah, bet that's it. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, that's it. You know they're, they're starting to sign people exclusive now 'cause there's a little bit more money.


Yeah. But unless you're gonna test across, unless every organization is gonna test and it doesn't make sense because then you, the guys who are guys who were tested in the UFC who are fighting on flow or at one or other events who are fighting guys who are reduced anyway. So. Right. The whole reason to have testing is to have guys who are not on steroids compete against one another. That's Not really, but if they came up with an organization that came up with the most money and said, but here's the rules, we're gonna go usada. Yeah, that would, that would work. The problem is, is that you need a business model where you can make that amount of money back. Right. Like just, just to pay for testing. Like most of the guys that are competing on like the undercard or like not even the main event guys, you would actually be losing money, testing them regularly.


Also dolls down the sport. But also when, when the UFC signs jut like say Mikey Hameshi, is it exclusive? Can he not compete anywhere else? So usually when they do exclusive, I don't know what his contract is, obviously. But usually they're usually it's exclusive but they have cutouts for things like a DCC or like Big World championships. Otherwise it's hard to sign the guys completely exclusive. That's Exclusive what I was gonna say, you'd have to pay him a salary. Like for example if, if EFC signed Mikey exclusive, then he wanted to do a DCC. But it's on flow. Like a lot of times the guys have cutouts for that like big world champ tournaments. That makes sense. That's cool because it helps everybody. Like it's cool. It just builds a brand. You wanna be stuck there if you're like in enough competition. But like a guy for a guy exclusive to flow or to UFC wouldn't be able to compete for like flow grappling or won normally.


Yeah, That makes sense. Yeah. So is Juan still doing a lot of grappling? I know they got the Olos and s Mikey's gone. I think Cade's doing MMA now. C Yeah, he's two. Oh. Oh. He looks like a demon out there. Oh, Cade looks like a sad, he's grappling so much, much better than everybody else's love. He's fucking people up striking. Especially In nation. Yeah. Right, right. Yeah. It's like having a guy like that that's that elite with grappling and also young enough to learn striking and get rid and just wild dude. They gave wild aggressive dude, great work ethic. They gave him like a tough matchup to a second fight in one championship. Like a tough fucking wrestler. He fucking annihilated this dude. Mm. Is tonin still in one? Yeah. Yeah. He was, his contract ended.


He was doing some negotiations, but as far as I know, I, I think he's going back to one, but I'm not a hundred, a hundred percent sure. It'd Be great to see Jamie, can you bring up one champ? I wanna, I wanna see a fight. Win Chimp has a big Muay Hai fight. Like huge Muay Hai fight. Like one of the biggest ever. Oh. So I sent my boy to it there. It's for everybody watching at home. First fight is right about the start. And we are, mark Goddard is waiting to kick it off. He's moving to the center of the octagon now. And it goes and the time is 4 57. 4 56, 4 55, 4 54, 4 53 we're off. How do you say that dude's name?


Shari. Shari. Shari. Shari. Shari. This is in London? Yes sir. Let's go. Tell me, tell me a little bit about these guys. I I don't know much. I didn't study this. He's 12 and three. Brendan, I, I wish, I wish you don't know. Oh my god. No. I know some guys. No, I got some things. Who has he fought Eight first round finishes. The, That's really good man. Brendan got stumped. Yeah, he gets crispy off this. But what I was gonna say is I wish we were seeing John Jones Aspenal in London. Yeah. That's what they should be seeing. But I think John's gonna hold out as long as he can to make the most money.


And then he just, which you can't be mad at. But also, you know, Tom Aal, I think soon he, he will be the interim champ for the longest ever over 500 days. That's not good. No, that's kind of crazy. 500 days is crazy. Hundred days is wild. It's kind of crazy. And, and then, and John said he wants six months to train, which is, that's just negotiation tactics. Like dude, he's been on your radar for three years and you took two years to get ready for heavyweight. What are we doing? Yeah, but I mean, John also get your money. John is so meticulous in his preparation. Like you've worked with John, you trained with him when he was getting ready for Steve Bay. Yeah, we did the first camp. I was with them for like a couple weeks and then the the, and then Stipe got hurt and then the second camp, oh, Oh here we go.


Someone got hurt. He dropped him. I didn't see with what, but he definitely dropped him. So, But yeah, the second camp, I was with him for like a full like six or seven weeks. So that was and Do do you think Tom Aspenal is like, let, John's gonna get him down if you got him down, John, as far as being in Aspen's guard, you think it'd be an issue for John at all? No, I think that, I think Tom would probably be trying to stand up. I don't, and Tom also has pretty good like fast take down. Yeah. So they could, they could both take one another down. Yeah. But I, I don't think that Tom is gonna be able to like really do anything besides try to get up on John.


Yeah. Trying to get that mounted guillotine because he's been doing jiujitsu since he was a kid. You know, it's rare. You have a big guy with good hips Dog fight. Boom. He's so fast too. To Aspenal like is a heavyweight. There's no one like him. The the only knock on we really haven't seen just be decent. His defense. Yeah. You know his head exposed his, his Chin lead to the one, the one MMA fight. I did see him lose, he got heel hooked And it was a pretty shitty heel hook that he, that he tapped to. So Aspenal. Yeah. When was that? I thought it was un undefeated Ago. Was that was a long time ago. It was undefeated u before he was the UC. Yeah. Oh he got a heel hook before the UU ffc. Yeah. Yeah. Interesting. He's undefeated though. It was a, And it was a, I mean it was a long time ago. He is obviously gotten much better. But it was a pretty shitty heel hook. No kidding. Was it an amateur fight or was it a pro fight?


Was A pro fight I believe. Here's something to think about. Think of whatever reason John decides he doesn't wanna fight Aspenal. What the fuck do you do with Aspenal? Right? There's no one compelling. The heavyweight division's never been worse. It's never been worse. Yeah, it's awful. Like there's Cy gone Triangle right here. Oh Those Pull that head down. He sticks to the head. Just concentrates on the head. You might be able to get it If you would to asked me a few weeks ago. I would say have Alex move up. But Alex just lost. Yeah. That was the bummer. I heard that was the bummer. Alex fought with a broke. Here it is. Here's the heel hook. It's actually a heeled knee bar. So here it is. Who's this guy? So you see he just scoops the leg from half guard.


Tom. Tom was whipping his ass and Tom turns away instead of trying to face him. So it exposes the heel and it turns into a heel knee bar. Oh weird. So it's a heel hook, but it's a knee bar but with a heel hook gripping. So he can't turn back into the lock. That dude's in some pub right now going, I beat that guy. I beat the fucking Champ. I beat that fucking champ. This guy keeps trying. He's gotta create an angle. He's both Arms, Shoulders in. Yeah. It's gotta go with a dead orchard, right? Did he Doesn't work. Doesn't never work in mma. Has anybody pulled it off in MA? Yeah. Elvis Sinic. Oh that's right. He was the first law school, right? He was the first one. That's when Elvis, no, that's when no one really thought.


It was like no one really even noticed it. 'cause you're taught, you only triangle your legs when there's one arm in one arm out. Now when there's two arms in. Right. But his legs are so long he armbar Jeremy Horn and then when you look at it you're like, yo, he has a, he's triangling his legs and he has both arms in. Whoa. That's kind of a freak thing. Yeah. And we just thought it was a freak thing. And then Nathan Orchard and Brian Debs to my guys, they just started doing it All the time. They go, yeah, do we do this All the time? They're like, really? You're doing triangle. Like you gotta have long legs. You gotta have long legs. If you have short legs, you gotta do a Mexican dead orchard. That's what I do. You gotta do a lot of extra labor. There's, There's A lot of extra stuff you gotta do to pull It off.


What's the Mexican dead orchard? How Does it work? You gotta do a lot of stuff. You gotta go invisible collar to muddy waters and then Mexican dead. There's a lot of stuff because if you have long hair or long, long, if you're a heavy metal dude, if you have long legs you can, and you're on the bottom depending on how you match up with the guy. He, You can get dead orchard. He could, you can triangle your legs with his arms in a perfect defensive position. And they get that. A lot of times people get surprised like, what the fuck happened? I, how did he triangle his legs that they don't understand. But if you have short legs and the guy's like this or just regular legs, there's no way you're gonna be able to triangle your legs with both arms in. You need one arm in one arm out. So with both arms in the only way a Mexican or a Chinese guy could do a dead orchard is you gotta have this arm down and this arm like this, Like this.


Now I could, now I could try and hold my legs. You gotta do a lot of work. You gotta get the hand of the mat and then you gotta get his elbow in. There's a lot of stuff. It's super complicated. Dead orchards are not the greatest thing for, and you gotta be super flexible. Super flexible and you gotta put a lot of time into it. But if you have long legs, you should be doing dead orchards. It's the, by far, the number one arm bar in the guard nogi. And there's not even a close second. Really? There's a, I got, one of my black belts has 84 dead orchards and his students a purple but has 34 dead orchards in competition. Who, who has it? That many orchards? Chris Vickers. Wow. The 10th planet of Walnut Creek. That Orchard's crazy Orchard King and dead. Or there's they they they happen All the goddamn time.


Bennet. He got Wilson Hayes in in a combat juujitsu match. He got him in a dead orchard. Wow. And Wilson Hayes is high level black book. He just fought Mighty Mouse for the title a month before. Mm. That's high level shit. Yeah. You know, but You know. But for girls, girls proportionally have longer legs than guys and more narrow shoulders. So if you're a girl out there and you're fighting MMA and you don't have a dead orchard in your game, you're missing out. You girls can do dead orchards at a higher level or a higher rate than guys for sure. Who do you think, who think just because of the body type, Who do you think has the best guard in MMA? Is it Olivera or Paul? Craig. Hmm.


Paul. Craig's got a pro fucking pretty nasty guard. Paul Craig's so dangerous. Bo nickel didn't even take him down. Yeah, right. Isn't that a Bitch? There's so few fighters with dangerous guards in MA. There's so few. Fabricio was one. There's like Filthy Fabricio. Fabricio Verdo was the overlooked goat heavyweight. I would say Paul Craig. Yeah. Uncle Goliath and Jamal Hill. He's got two world champions. Armard both of them. Triangled them. Armard him. That's very impressive. Well, got her Nelson broke Jamal's arm. Remember drum Jamal's arm was flopping all over the place and he's beating on him As far as jujitsu wise. You got gutter Nelson on the car tonight. And then Sean Brady's no punk either. Sean Bradys, he's a black belt. Wicked. He's wicked Philadelphia gorilla.


And I'm sure Goman would like to point out that he beat Craig Jones in competition. He did beat Craig Jones In A grappling match. But that was one of them deals where you couldn't do heel hooks though, right? Yeah, I think I, I believe leg locks were illegal. Yeah, that's A little su But I mean still he's an MMA guy who fights at one 70. Well he's A fucking beast. No. Yeah, no doubt. He's got like a turtle shell for a back. No he is, he's he's a great, he's a great grappler. Which is why I'm excited to watch this. Yeah. His back is like triple thick. He's got like you, you hug him talking about Sean Brady? Yeah. Oh yeah. His back is like extra muscles. What do these do you see? And Leon Edwards in the weigh-ins, he was like, I didn't realize how small he is. I'm definitely have a strength advantage. You're like, oh, Leon said that. But yeah, you're like, oh buddy.


Oh boy, you gotta educate yourself. Well Leon was saying at the Weighs, he's too small. I'm gonna take him out. Like he might be shorter than you. Yeah. But get his hands on him man. He's a fucking chimp. Yeah. He gets a hold of you. You got real problems. Remember what he did to Kelvin? Yeah dude, he's manhandled Kelvin and Gilbert's and Gilbert. Burns's a hell of a wrestler. Yeah. Hell yeah. Hell of a wrestler. No, anyone who fights Sean Brady's like he's the strongest guy we were playing against all of them say it. Yeah. It's like Joe Piper says it. Yeah. And Joe Piper's fucking huge. Huge. That's a guy. We're like collar hands. That's a guy. We're like, how the fuck do you make 85 Wild. How do you make 85? Gordon, In your opinion, what's the best leg lock for MMA best leg lock position. You're training someone. He wants to learn leg locks.


What do you think? Well for you guys it'd be called the honey hole. But for us Cross Hashi, Guam Or inside Sku. Yeah, inside sku. Yeah, That's, that's the best one. You think One of them. And Then, then what do you think about putting it on the outside and going Z lock? That's great too. So It seems like anything on the outside, it turns the guy and he really can't hit you. Because really it's about being safe from strike. Yes, Of course. Yeah. And 50 50 I think everyone agrees it, you see 50 50 in MMA and it works. But you can still reach the guy's face but you can't really hit 'em that hard. 50 50. 50 50. You can get hit outside ami or you guys call double outside. That's the the worst one you can get hit. Yeah, that's the worst one. But any like insides in Kaku or if you pass leg across to, we call it inside Ashi Ami where you have the, that's how I finished Nicki Rod where you have the legs triangle inside, but the legs pass to the outside.


So you have an outside heel hook. That's great. But because everyone's bra mechanics are not up to par on outside heel hooks, it's harder to get catastrophic breaks on outside heel hooks. So for M Ma, if you have good bra mechanics, like Paul Harris finished a lot of outside heel hooks, but his breaking mechanics were pretty good. Yeah. The legs inside with the foot outside is best. Otherwise just keep the foot on the other side and go for the inverted. So if this leg was reaping this foot would be on the outside, right? Like this. Yeah. So you have an outside heel. We call That the Indian. Yeah. For Yeah, exactly. That's actually Gary heel hooking On inside. Yeah.


But so yeah, so, so it's, it's hard for the guy to, the guy can't hit you from here. He can't really throw any punches to your face. Basically anything that anytime you reap, like which, which, which is that left leg going on the inside makes it hard for the guy to hit. So most people think, oh all leg locks don't work in MMA you're gonna get smashed. That's not true. Yeah. Some leg locks will save your ass. There was a fight in the UFC some Brazilian guy, I forget it was in the Ultimate Fighter. He was on his back getting walloped and the guy was like, had a horse stance on top of him against the cage and was throwing down and that.


Hello friends, I want to tell you about my favorite sunglasses. They're called Rocha. They're made right here in Austin, Texas. And they're the best sunglasses I've ever found for outdoor activities. I can run around in them, I can do shit. They never fall off your head. They fit tight but comfortable. Rocha's a super innovative independent eyewear company based right here in Austin, Texas. They work with top scientists and Navy Seals and Olympic gold medalists and Iron Man champions and some other incredible people to make the best, most comfortable and capable eyewear out there for people like you and me. And I'm telling you, Roku shit just works different. They feel great and you'll notice it from the first time you put it on your face. They don't fall off seriously. If you're sweaty, they stay in place. Even better. They don't slip gym stuff, kettlebells yoga sprints, chasing the dog, whatever you're into, it could just be leaning over to pick up your kids. Everything stays on your face and feels great with crystal clear optics. It's great if you need prescription glasses or you're looking for sunglasses for summer, now's your chance. And they've got their best pricing on great looking styles, like up to 30% off. Crazy how good this shit is. So just go to rocha.com, that's ROK a.com. Unbelievable product. Crazy deals in a great cause. Check them out roka.com you won't regret it. They are the shit


Zillion, just jumped, jumped on a, on a knee bar. A knee bar attempt and that saved him. 'cause now he can't, now he's punching his ass. Right. And then from the knee bar he got knocked down on his back or on his butt and then he turned around, jumped on his back and choked him out. Yeah. I don't Think you've seen a lot of heel hooks. 'cause a lot of guys just aren't very efficient in it. They're Like, they're not Focusing on it. Ryan Hall Was one of the first to come in and really do some damage with leg locks. Yeah. He got, he got BJ Penn pretty quick. The number one determining factor of with, with leg locking is in so far as getting hit is in order for the person to actually hit you, they have to come up on top of you and put weight onto you.


Yeah. So the number one determining factor is, can I keep this guy's head? If I can get, if you're attacking and you're trying to punch the guy, if you can get your head over his head, you can hit with power. Yeah. So any leg locking position, which doesn't allow your opponent to get head overhead is what's gonna keep you safe. So basically double outside Ahi, what do you guys call it? Double outside Ishi. Just outside Ishi. That's the worst one. That's the, that because The guy can come forward into you and get head overhead and they can hit you. Yeah. You, you either get that he'll hook quick or you're gonna take some damage. Yeah. But anything where you're reaping, which doesn't allow him to come forward into you. Yeah. Because he'll break his own leg if he stacks you. Yeah. And he can't get head overhead. Yeah. Is is what you should be looking for. Yeah. But if the guy can get head overhead, then he can hit you easy. Yeah.


You going over leg locks with John Jones? Is he, is he pretty good at 'em now? Yeah, we, he, he kind of just bounces around from thing to thing. Like, he'll be like, oh, I wanna go over some leg locks and like, you'll teach him to move and he'll be like, so Daris, I got a question on Darce and it just like bou it like just a DHD just bou. But that's how he learns. Like he just bounces from Move to Move. Yeah. Yeah. The first time I met him, it was his first fight when he fought Stephan Bonner. And we were at, it was in, in Boston and we were at a boxing gym and I was just hanging out with you 'cause you were taking a private with who was the guy from Amsterdam that you were taking privates, Rob? It was, it was either Suki or Rob Cayman. It was one of them. We were in some random boxing gym in Boston and I was just sitting at on the, on the ring just, It must have been Rob if we were in Boston.


Yeah. Waiting, waiting for you to be done. And then no one knew who John Jones was. It was his first fight. He's sitting there and he comes up to me and he, and he asks for advice. He goes, wh what, what do you think? You know? And he got any advice from me and I like, I didn't know. And he was fighting Stephan Bonner. And I thought, oh, they're feeding Stephan Bonner some new guy. He, he's like, I felt bad for John Jones. Jones. He fucked. So what I, what I told him is, is there's two kinds of wrestlers that come to MMA wrestlers that love jiujitsu and wrestlers that want to beat Juujitsu. I go, don't be one of those wrestlers that wants to beat Jiujitsu. Fall in love with it. Fall in love with submissions. 'cause the guys, the guys that wanna beat it, they never last. They're eventually gonna get taken out.


Also, wrestlers have such an advantage of being able to manipulate bodies. Manipul scaries, Manipulating Ji bodies. Jit Jit whole lot. The scariest Jiujitsu guys. Yeah. For the most part are guys that wrestle their whole life Wrestling Back fall and then they fall in love with Jiujitsu and they love pulling guard and all that. Like, oh, scary. Think about the guys. John Jones submitted. Oh yeah. Over tto. Like he's a fucking vi savage. Vitor. How Did that Stephan Bonner fight, wasn't he like, just the shit out of him? He was like throwing out, spinning Up. He got spinning elbow. He beat the shit outta him. Yeah. You remember when we talked to him? We, we talked him into going into a big camp. Do you remember that conversation? We were, when we were at the Roof of the, the, the hotel. Remember that we were hanging out and he was saying, what do you think I should do? I said, you're too good.


You need to be at a big camp. You need to be around killers. You can, you can't, you're so good. You're gonna get by a long way on your own. I go, but you need like high level coaching. Yeah. Like you're, you're a world champion. And did you recommend Jackson to him? I did not. He found Jackson's. Yeah. Well Jackson's was huge at the time. Yeah. Massive. You know, so many TSP, all that shit. It's such a great gym. I mean you can't go wrong with those guys the best. Yeah. And Greg is just such a great mind for strategy and a guy, guy, not a slimy guy. And Wick Wickler. John was legit, legit kickboxer in his day. Winkle John. John was a legit kick. He fought John Eve Terio. Oh yeah, we were John. He was he was legit. Man. Winkle, John's a legit striker. And then you got all those other people over there too.


It's like such a killer lineup. I was there during John's heyday, man. Yeah, you were savage. Yeah. Yeah. I think his heyday is still going on, man. Especially at heavy heavyweight. We just don't know. He's not active enough. Yeah. It's, it's really, there's one fight man. There's one fight and then after that it's like, after that they gotta fucking, they gotta scour because even if he, here's the thing. Even if John Molly WAPs Tom, which I think John will be an underdog on the fight, but let's say John beats Tom. Isn't that crazy? And then retires, it's like, all right, Tom Asal is still gonna dominate. Right. Who's gonna beat him? Did you get Francis to come back? The Saudis come, Come Along. Come on, come, come on. Saudis come along with that. Francis is gonna fight. Wilder that big bag. Yeah, let's go.


So That guy gotta do It. Good. John Jones story that nobody knows. 'cause I was, we were, I was cornering him for that fight. His last fight against dpe. And we found out that Trump was gonna be there and for probably a solid 15 to 20 minutes. We only, while he was warming up like 15 to 20 minutes, he's getting ready to go out to fight for the belt. Probably 20 minutes of that warmup was him just practicing the mechanics on how to do the Trump dance. R we like looked it up, we were like YouTubed it and he was like practicing the Trump dance in the, in the locker room, getting ready to dance. Savage, how confident are you a victory?


Well you're already practicing your victory dance. Pretty confident. It's pretty Confident. And the best is we were, we were all for it. We're like, no, like the hands gotta be a little bit higher, A little Bit lower. So we were like coaching him through it as he was doing it. Oh, I was laughing. That's good. How did That, how did that fight end? I forget. Spinning back kick to the body. Yeah. I never told you this, but I was actually there. I flew. Oh, you were there. I flew in with the guys from CPI, you know they, why Don't you tell me we were there Because you're so busy. You know what I mean? And, and then I was a, I was with a, I was with a group. I was with like a big group And what am I gonna do? Bring like, I'm like, you know what? Got it. Yeah. You had so much shit going on. And so Ed Clay from CPI calls me up and goes, Hey, you want to go?


You, you, you want me to pick you up in my private jet and go to see Tyson fight in Dallas and then we fly and go see John Jones fight. No, That sounds terrible. God no. I hate fun. I I need better friends. No, I actually said no. Did you really? My son, my kid had baseball. My son, my kid had baseball all weekend. Baseball. Fuck you. I get it. So I said Damn. 'cause he asked me, this was on, we were gonna leave on Thursday or Friday morning or Thursday and it was like Tuesday. And I'm like, yo, what? No one's ever asked, I've never had that offer ever. Let me go pick you up and the private pick me up and Van Ra airport and then we go to Dallas and then we go to the New York.


And then, and I said, dude, I can't, I can't. And then I told my wife and my wife goes, are you fucking retarded? That's A good wife. You call his ass back, you fucking gone. And I go, okay. The kids call back. I said, my wife's making me go. They play a lot of games. Yeah. Especially his son travel Ball. So many games. Yeah. Yeah. And you know, to be honest with you, dude, I've been to a million UFCs. Like I'd rather watch it at home or with, with my buddies because we have UFC parties at Yeah. At, at the gym. And you know, that's funner to me than to see alive, to tell you the truth. All day. This is my favorite way to watch. Right. This is my favorite way. But, but when we were there, dude, I was just watching the whole Trump thing.


Go on. You see RFK, Tulsi Gapper was eon there too. I believe he was. Yeah. He dude. Yeah, He that one. And I was just sitting there going, fuck, you're there f FBI director. I'm like, dude, this is a good time for the deep state to fucking send a missile to Madison Square Guard. Of course it would solve all their problem, Dude. It Was like, dude, there was like, dude, it was like 47 checkpoints. It was like, it was Secret service Everywhere. And then I see Trump come up. I saw the whole fucking thing Trump walking straight to you and gave you a big fucking hug. And he's whispering sweet. Nothing's in your ear. I'm like, holy. They're like, this shit right here. Like, I was like, what the fuck? He goes right to you, man, look at that.


He didn't want to talk to John Attic. He was going right to you. He Knew you were ready for the fucking handshake poll. So he Was like, You know, I just been going for a, no. He, he just came to gimme a hug that time. Dude, look at that. And what did he say? He gave DC the left hand. I Basically said, you don't have to say, you don't have to say, he basically said, I won him the election. Damn. How crazy is this? Right. Very interesting times. And Then, and then, and then John Jones wins and then does the dance. That was crazy. Dude. That day was so bad. That day was insane. Was so bad. Was great day that day was insane. It was a great day for, for The world. That like world history shit. Yeah. Yeah. It was, They could put that whole event in some book.


Well, All The other athletes started doing the Trump dance after that. Everyone, a lot of football players were already doing a lot of That's amazing. That's The coolest shit ever Known. That's amazing. John Jones Savage. The goat. The goat. Yeah. No, the goat now. No Argument, no doubt. Like No, that's no doubt. It's silly when people argue that if he beats Aspenal, everybody has to shut the fuck up forever. They need to shut the fuck up, be be ready to lose Aspen. Yeah. His resume through light heavyweight. It's incredible. You gotta realize he, he went through that whole fucking span of fighting the best of the best that light heavyweights ever had to offer. Look at the, the fucked up. Look at All the line.


It's like Tom Aspenal ISS a slight favorite. That's kind of crazy. As he should. He should be. Look at Rab over Sean. Yeah. Woo. Three 50 to win. Tom hasn't been out of the first round. I think they is this real round? Are they doing Meab and Sean again? These are just a website taking action. Yeah, they're taking bets already. Rob, Sean. They are. Huh? When is that happening? I don't know, but that's right. Yeah. Probably topper I Islam. I don't think that's happening. No. Islam being up to 70. Is he interesting? Oh Shit, Shane. He's gotta do a drunk Trump. You know, Trump has never been drunk ever in his life, but him doing a, can you imagine if Trump was, was drunk on Twitter?


Can you imagine the drunk tweets He would send? Trump doesn't drink shit. Look at that. Who's that? Theona Davies. She's Like, oh, she's amazing. Top female Grappler. You just don't recognize we're all dolled up. Yeah, she's amazing. Dude. I saw her Mackenzie bout holy, holy shit, Dude. The first time I saw her, she was an EBI, she was a purple belt and she went against I her, her first round match was against TTA Allen Carr, who was a black belt world champion. I gave tta like, oh, you're gonna get a purple ball. You get the low seat. So it was like an easy round. And I'm sitting there and I'm ing and I'm like, oh, TTAs gonna kill this little Irish girl. And dude, Fiona was all over her. Took her back and almost finished her. And I'm like, oh my God. And the only reason I put her in there was 'cause Keith Korian, he, he sent me a message.


He goes, yo, there's this, there's this chick Fiona Davies, you gotta throw her in. And I go, okay, whatever I, I'll take that advice. But Tida ended up winning. She ended up getting her back at the end and, and winning. But it was scary for a second. And That was Wow. As a purple belt. As a purple belt as a, she almost beat a world champion. This dude looks like he's had a hard life. He's tatted up like machine gun, camera. I don't know these guys. So we'll see what happens with that one. There's a lot of good fights coming up. I'm wondering whether do with Topor, but I like to what you were saying, Topor versus Olive Vera. Olive vera. Your first introduction at 55 is kind of the, you know, king five.


So tall and dangerous. So dangerous everywhere. Dangerous, striking. Huge reach advantage. Yeah. But, but, but if you're topi, you're not gonna go up to 55 without some sort of guarantee. 'cause remember he's giving up the belt so he is not getting pay-per-view points. But it's his idea. Well, 'cause the weight cut's too tough. Is that what it is? Yeah. Yeah. Really? 40 fives too tough for him. But he's been doing it and winning. I he's just sick of it. Yeah, I would imagine He's sick. Apparently that last cut was really tough and his team was like, all right, no more. Wow. So what is he winning? You're not, you're not gonna give up the pay-per-view points and just dip out and then just go into the queue at 55. What was he weighing when he was fighting 45? What? What was he walking around? They were saying like 180 between one seven. Yeah. Big. Like that's the thing. I was like, oh, he's too small. 55. I'm like, he's fucking big outta Canada.


Yeah, but those guys are real big. Like Islam's huge when I stand next to Islam. How About Gleason Tabba? He would cut to 55. Oh my god. That guy walked around at two 50. That was back in the day though. No bad. That guy. That was back in the day though. I think he has the, I think can't. That dude has the record for weight cut. Anthony Johnson. Prob. Oh yeah. Johnson. I don't know if Alex ever made 85. Who? Right. Pe. Alex Perrera. We fight 2 25. How about DDP? He's fucking big deal. Huge bro. Huge. Yeah, he's huge. He's so big. I haven't big, I've Seen him in person. I said next to Alex when I was like a Jack two 30 and he like dwarfed me and I'm like, how does this guy cut to 80?


He's bigger in every metric. He was bigger was longer. He was thicker. Like it. It was just, They say he fought with a broken hand and norovirus against San Colia. He fought with a broken toe before when he beat Uri Prohaska, he had a fucked up knee. Like remember when he went and he tumbled at the end of the fight? Yep. That's because his knee doesn't, wouldn't support him. He was basically fighting on one leg in the first fight. Then he gets surgery. I guess it's probably meniscus. 'cause he came back pretty quick. Walk around, wait, 2 31. That's crazy stack dude. And he looks 2 31. When you stand next to him, he looks like a heavyweight. He go up 2 0 5. Oh Easy. 2 0 5. And he has a strength for it too.


Bully people. Yeah. Yeah. Get you some. He's a scary dude. He's gonna be a problem because he confused everybody. Everybody's like, oh, this guy's all awkward and shit. He's gonna get pissed up. Nope. Especially like, you know, we watched so many fights. I'd see his style, I'm like, oh, he's gonna get exposed eventually. Well I think and then you just see him, you're like, what the fuck? When we saw him early in his career, he did not have a nose. His nose was, his cardio was bad. Yeah, his mouth was wide open All the time. Yeah. And then he got that nose fixed and then all man, I remember when I got mine fixed, I was like, why didn't I do this a long time ago? He had like 10% more cardio Instantly. Yeah. His coach came out and was like, he was only breathing at 6% capacity. And I was like, this is some bullshit. Out of his nose. Maybe Out of his nose. Yeah, I believe that. And then he got it fixed and this motherfucker's unstoppable rock hole just did something online where they did a scan inside of his nose.


I saw all that. It's all gone. His whole nose is just completely clogged. Yeah, because it's like your ears. You get cauliflower ear, that shit. The same thing happens inside your nose. It's nose, yeah. It's the blood pulls up and it calcified and you just get rocks inside your nose. Your nose is just a big fucking closed, like a, a tunnel that caved in on miners. Jesus Christ. I had mine fixed when I had my tonsillectomy. Yeah. They had like the stents up there for like a week. But I feel like you got a good nose for fighting it like a NoMo. You got like a button nose, like cute button, nose. I appreciate that cute button. Right. Does have a good nose. So does Eddie appreciate that? Yeah. How has anybody thrown a lot of money at you to try to get you to do MMA?


Yeah, it was offered seven figures really to do. Like bare knuckle MMA. Oh bare knuckle. Was it Vidal's thing? I, I believe so. Was it Vidal who reached out? It was somebody else. Dean probably, I think it was maybe through Philly Fresh reached out And it was somewhere around seven figures. Wow. To do it. Yeah, I'd watch that. But it was like I was getting ready for a DCC at the time and I'm just like, no. Yeah, You Were gonna do Combat Juujitsu too. It was gonna be him against Fabricio. Verdu Combat Jujitsu. That was happening dog. That was Happening. Take my money. Fuck yeah. I have Money. I tore my lcl L Yeah.


Against. And then f Fabricio got hurt too. So they both, they both dropped out but it was gonna happen. Had flyers and Everything. Fabricio was in G-F-L-G-F. L's got everybody, they're Chris Wyman's, like I'm retired and the GFL called 'em. I was like, I'm unretired, I'm back in like back. They're, they're fighting it's end of May, but the, the arena by the USC down there, it's end of May in la. What kind of testing They got multiple choice. Don't be a hater. Yeah. What's this testing you speak of? But dude, they got you gotta old guys don't look, don't test them. That'll be cool. Don't the fuck we doing be nice. The wwe. Yeah. Yeah. Let's go back to the old days. But you got Dylan. Dylan. Dan is Tony Ferguson. Like, I, I like it Doug. Ooh, that's a good fight.


That's a good fight, dude. That's, I saw that poster. That's gotta be fake because there's zero chance that it was at lightweight. Here it is. There's No chance. But remember their weight are different. Their weight is weight. The weight cut's different. What is it? 10 pounds. So they can agree to, to fight at a weight that they're both comfortable At. See legendary, lightweight matchup. Yeah. But lightweights different for them. That could be 65, but There's no way he makes 65. He could like barely make 70 when he was like one 70 when he was in shape for a DCC. What is their weight? Classes are different. We pulled it up the other day, like middle weight is 200 pounds. So maybe, Oh look I posted right there. My comment deal of making lightweight. Yeah. Well let's see. Pull up GFL weight classes. Jamie. I think they are. They're definitely different.


They're different. So if Tony goes, Hey man, I feel good at whatever 1 68, 1 70. And and Dylan agrees like, yeah, I'll fight you at one 70, then fight one 70. So Dylan wasn't even making one 70 when he fought in beltour 50 50 revenue share. He would fight a catch weight. Athletes can earn a fair share of the revenue generated from events ensuring their success is directly linked to the league success. Dang. How do they determine that? 50 50 for the gate? 50 50 at once. Once they get over, you know, once they get in the positive. But then also like, let's, how Do they know who's moving the needle? They all get it. They all get it. They All get 50 50. Yeah. They all get it. Get it. Okay. They split amongst the fighters. Jamie, can you just Google g L's weight classes and see if a website explains it? I'm on their website. I I know, but I don't think they have it on their website. They split the profit.


It's different if they split the profit. What if that don't make any profit, then nobody gets it. Okay. But then what's dope is like, let's say Gordon was gonna fight and has and brought in a sponsor and then they wanna sponsor the entire thing he gets Yeah. 20% of anything you bring. So see Featherweight goes up to 55. Lightweight is 65. Walter wait's 80. So how's Dylan dance making 65? That's what I'm, There's zero chance. Does he He's Big. When he fought him Bellator, he would fight a catch weight. It was 1 75. I like their light heavyweight. 2 25. That, that sounds, I wish they had that when I was fighting. They should. Maybe he's in the best shape of his life. Maybe he's, You know, maybe. Yeah. Maybe. Isn't he fighting? Isn't he fighting KSI in boxing? So should he be in shape? Nah. KS I just pulled out. All right. Well that's not good, but I'm telling you, there's no way Dylan's gonna make Six, five has does KSI pull out against Dylan.


Danni. Like Dylan's not a boxer. KS i's a pretty good boxer. Well he's legit. Like for those kind of guys. Yes. You know he's a good boxer for, for that class. Yes. Did he fight Tommy Fury or was he going to, he was going to and then to something happened, right? I think but KSI looks legit to me. Like out of those guys for the influencer stuff. Yeah, he's legit. Good problem. He's he's got hands. Yeah. Fought Logan. Yeah, but Dylan is not a boxer, so it's crazy that he would, you would think he could be not even at his best and take that fight. Yeah, I mean I maybe got hurt. I'm not sure. I just saw, I just saw something that he pulled out. I don't even got a video here. I don't Oh, he got real sick. I saw got some new coronavirus.


Yeah. I don't know. I mean, has a breeze strip on. Oh, what's saying these guys see what, what you're saying, what's real. Put it on. We, we can hear 'em. Disciple. What is going on. I know Jordan, and honestly I've never been this ill for this long in my life. And I hate it. I feel useless and it's depressing. I feel like I've let so many people down. I haven't been able to post any YouTube videos to help promote the fight because I've just been feeling so shit. I'm just sick of being sick man. Okay. He's sick. Sounds legit. Yeah, the breathe strip does it.


I've been sleeping with mouth tape. You tape your mouth. Shut that. Yeah, I tape my mouth nose. So just breathe through your nose. Nose. I can't do that. Game changer. Game changer. Is that for snoring? In what way? It's not just for snoring. It's like you feel better when you wake up. You feel more rested. Really? Yeah man, it's amazing. I love it. Your mouth. I did. You start doing it last two weeks. How does it work? What does it look like? I just put a black piece. It's called Hostage Tape. I put a black piece of tape over my mouth. Is your wife like go sleep? She wears it too. Yeah, we're both hostage.


You're both like goodnight babe. Yeah. Give a kiss. Corn harp. You just use any tape or is it special tape? No, it's special tape for mouth taping. There's a bunch of companies that make mouth tape. But this company hostage tape, it doesn't fall off. No, it has before. But I keep an extra one by the bed. If it falls off, I slap it. When, when I get like this, like this much stubble, I kind of have to shave. Yeah. So it sticks better. So sticks when you like your, you would've a little bit of issue with your beard. You know, probably wouldn't stick that good to, that's why Hitler did his mustache that way. So you fit a gas mask. That's real. No. Yeah. Yeah. Shut the fuck up Jamie. Look it up. Is that real? Yeah, I know my shit. Wow. I know he, Apparently he was, he was gasped pretty bad in the first world war.


Yeah. So he like de des Despised and that's why I did that mustache. Oh, it's real gas. That's real. I dunno if that's real. Wow. But apparently he was, he was gassed pretty bad in the first world war. Oh that sense. Yeah. Mustard gas bro. That first World war was nuts. The first time we decided to use giant fans and gas people, tooth press mustache. Famous Associated said to originate for military order trim is large mustache facilitate wearing a gas mask. Go down in the military order. Wow. During a service in Bavarian infantry division, Hitler was ordered to trim his mustache to ensure a proper seal with a gas mask. Wow. And you got the Michael Jordan mustache. That Is a fun fact of the day. Wow. The Michael Jordan. Michael Jordan's only guy ever pull it off. Ever. No one ever ever said shit. That's cool Commercial. You're cool in a commercial.


You're Michael Jordan. That's cool. This's is funny that that mustache is gone forever. You know, didn't fight where the game is gone. Wasn't he like in the front line and World War I Oh yeah. He gassed must gas and he got fucked up. Right? Yeah. And that's when he decided to run for everything. 'cause he thought he was saved by God. 'cause everybody got fucked. You know? What's the craziest thing about the gas thing? The guy who invented zyklon A, which became Zyklon B, which they killed the Jews with that guy, Fritz Haber, who was a Jew himself. He originally, when, when he invented this, he also invented the Haber method for extracting nitrogen from the atmosphere. The Haber method is responsible for 50% of the nitrogen in most people's bodies.


'cause the Haber method of extracting nitrogen made it so they could fertilize all kinds of soil. So he invents that and he also invents this gas that kills everybody at the same time. And, and there's no odor. Right? Well, zyklon B there's no odor. Yeah. Zyklon A was invented, I think it was a pesticide. And the idea was the smell was so awful. So that you would recognize when it was there and you'd get the fuck away from it. Exactly. That. Then Cylon B, they got rid of the smell. I see. But when they were gassing the troops, he was being wanted for crimes against humanity, for war crimes. At the same time, he was gonna win the Nobel Prize for inventing the Haber method.


That's wild. And then when Hitler takes over, the Jews all get kicked outta Germany. And he's kind of sort of privileged because he's a part of the administration. But then he gets ostracized and he winds up having to be, he and winds up being exiled. And he dies on the run. He died on the run. He died on the run. Died running away from the Nazis. Jesus man. Yeah. Wild crazy story. Dude. Have we talked about the JFA Fi? JFK files? Not yet. No. No one has. No. I mean, we talked about a little bit yesterday, but there's, I don't know anything like groundbreaking. Nothing. Right. Nothing that I've seen so far. Do you file that? That page on Instagram is called Real News.


No. Bullshit. Yes. They posted something about it. Oh yeah. And they post, it was like, I think it was like 2000 pages or something. And they posted like the key takeaways. I read a little bit about it, but I kind of just was like, It's kinda like confirmation that I was like Mafia Israel and the C Ccia A, the three of them. I read one thing that the CCA within a week or two had dismissed the idea of a single shooter. I read one thing and they're like, no, there's more than one shooter. Like this was the Yeah, It took them a week to figure that out. Weren't they involved? Allegedly. Allegedly. But here's the thing. What, what part of the ccia? So like if you're involved in killing the President, you're not telling Mike down the hallway. It's a small group. Yeah. You know, you have an enormous fucking office filled with thousands of employees.


It's not like everybody say, Hey, get a meeting. Yeah. That Irish guy, fuck him. Yep. You know, we're gonna take him for a ride to Dallas and shoot him in the fucking head. Let's Go. You hear that phone call from Lyndon b Johnson to To the wife. Pretty crazy. The wife wifes like a month later, pretty Crazy. We're fighting on site. They were fucking, huh? Wasn't that after she, I'm gonna give you a slapping, but that was after Kennedy. Kennedy was dead. A month after. Like a month. A month later. He's like, how you not gonna say goodbye? Next time I see him, I'm gonna give you a slap in on Christmas. She's like, you better. I'll wear the Rouge or whatever. He's like, you better. That's true. Oh bro. I think everybody was fucking, everybody back then got good times. I think they were wild people. Yeah. Nobody, there was no social media. No one's a snitch. They all just, I mean, everybody knew that Kennedy was fucking everybody.


Everything. It was All the press knew nobody. Nm I mean N ML gay, Wasn't he? Didn't he have an affair with Marilyn Monroe? Oh yeah. And the brother did. And Marilyn choose fucking Boths brothers dude. And that's a fast. Yeah. That's not a conspiracy. Oh no. Fact fact, fact fact. That's crazy. And that's probably why she died. She probably started writing a memoir and they're like, that's a wrap. Yeah. They said, they said the brother, the PLO talk is what fucked her over because he'd fill her in and all this shit. Oh boy. And then John F came was like, bro, what are you doing? Really? They were both fucking her. Yeah. Hilarious. Hilarious. People were wild back then. Boys. Wild bullies. No, no accountability. You get away with it. And if you're the president, like that's the reason why the presidents wanted to fuck.


Despite rumors and speculation. Oh bullshit. No definitive proof of an affair. Oh no proof. Was this Google, Jamie? This is a, yeah. Yeah. It's a reputable news source. You didn't see the documentary on Netflix then? Definitely no proof. Yeah. I mean, no speculation. Let it go. I did JFK stuff. Kind of just confirmed what kind of they labeled conspiracy there. It's like, yeah, we've said it with CIA. Well Mossad, it's gonna take a while for the nerds to really go through it and figure it out. Oh, can Stone's been through it? I bet. Has she been through it? I would assume. Well, she's too busy with the Macron thing. I watched two hours of that today. Me Too. Do have you seen her Macron's a man? Yeah. Bridget Macron's a man. She got, you got Yeah, she, she got me. She got you can got me.


Got you. She got me. Hook line sinker was, I was eating breakfast today. Yeah, I do. I was eating elk steaks watching Candace Owens on my fucking, on my YouTube. I love her. Did you see? I was like, this is crazy. This is crazy. Have you, have you dived into Har Harvey Weinstein shit? Yes. I watched the first episode of that, bro. Crazy. It's crazy. She's, you can't believe I'm on Harvey Weinstein side. Right. Crazy. Like, I thought he was like guilty of like heinous crimes. And then you listen to it and you're like, wait, what? What is going on? When they go through the actual affidavit, like what the girls accuse him for, you're like, what the fuck? Yeah. Also the, he didn't have testicles emails back and forth with the girl. Yeah. She was talking about his testicles. He doesn't have them. Hmm. Like there's all these like things that should have been, that should have like completely thrown out.


A lot of her claims, like she was talking about, he made me like hold his balls or something like that. He doesn't have balls. He doesn't have balls. His balls are like literally like inside of his thigh when he's like 30 years old. They had to get rid of him. He's got a terrible disease. It's like gangrene of the dick. Yeah. Oh my God. Have you ever heard of it? Never heard of it. Oh. He's got this crazy disease where your dick is basically like rotting off and, which is kind of crazy for a guy who's like obviously a sex addict. Yeah. Your dick starts rotting away and then you still whip it out. Yeah. You're whipping out a zombie dick. Yeah. Like it's a mess. It's a mess. What is that actually called? Prosecutors revealed to the jury that Weinstein underwent surgery 99 for four years gangrene, which required doctors remove some of his scrotum.


That surgery caused a pretty noticeable scarring 'cause of an infection. His testicles were actually taken from his scrotum and put into his inner thighs. So you'll go through the, the reports and they're like, yeah, he made me suck on his balls. Like he didn't have ball. Well, that's a problem. Whoa. There's a lot of problems. The lady was a grifter, the lady allegedly. That's brutal. And was going back and forth from rich guy to rich guy trying to get things happening. And Harvey put her in a few things. That was Harvey's move, apparently. Yep. He'd put you in a few things. And, but like Whitney told me that he would make deals with ladies like, look, suck my dick. I'll get you an Oscar. Yeah. Be a Batman. And they would suck his dick. Yeah. And, and he would get him an Oscar. And like, this is the thing where everybody thanked him.


Thank you Harvey. That actually happened. Yeah. Yeah. He gave an actress an Oscar. Well he didn't give him an Oscar. He gave him an Oscar award-winning role in a Miramax film. Okay. Which is gonna be a blockbuster film. Which pretty much gets you real close. And then there's the influence of it being a Harvey Weinstein movie. He was the king at the time. And everybody followed his lead. Like when, you know, you have big movies like Pulp Fiction and those kind of films that Miramax produced. They produced bangers. You go back and look at the, the Miramax Library banger after banger when Harvey Weinstein was, 'cause Quentin Tarantino. Yeah. I mean it's just like the wildest movies from the wildest dude, you know, who was clearly a sex addict.


And he is like, if you wanna be a lead in Pulp Fiction, you're gonna suck these balls in my thigh. I mean, it's fucking wild. And he just was in the wrong place at the wrong time. If this happened in the eighties, I probably would've thrown it out. Yep. But in the Me Too movement, they were, it was a hot witch hunt. There was a lot of people that got in deep shit from nothing. Dude, almost nothing. Look into the dude from that seventies show who's in prison for life. Hi. His appeal's coming up. Look into that one. Really, bro. He had like, that was like three, three chicks. Right? Three chicks. They, and if you look at the appeal, they, they, it start off with, oh, he raped me and drug mail and then it, then it went to held a gun to my head. Like it's all, they keep changing their stories.


That one's wild. That one's wild. Really? That one's wild. You've been following the Justin Baldoni Blake Lively thing, bro. Blake Lively. Talk about ruin your reputation and Ryan Reynolds. Yeah. They fucked up. Ryan's trying to get out of it now. Yeah. He's trying to get outta the lawsuit. And they're like, you are a key part of this. This is what you get though. This is what you get. You're trying to fucking ruin a guy's livelihood by, by using the Me Too movement. Because they were trying to take over the movie. Yeah. They were trying to take over the movie and the whole franchise. He owned the franchise. They're fucked, man. The whole thing's crazy. They're fucked. And he's suing the New York Times. And he's got a great case there too. He's going hard to paint. Should, but that's what it takes. That's what it takes. It's like Johnny Depp. Yeah. He's like, all right. Yeah. He did for the boys. Exactly. Exactly. You gotta do it. You need real motherfuckers to be like, nah man, I ain't going out like this.


Yeah. Especially a guy like that. It was like no one as being like this really sweet, nice guy. Yep. And then he is like, all right dude, he, he posted the receipts. Oh, crazy. He's like, oh remember our tech exchange ba how about she told him to come, You know, to come into the dressing room while she was breastfeeding the fun as, and then part of the complaint was that he came into the breast room while I was breastfeeding. Like, you literally have a text exchange back and forth. They just never thought that anybody was gonna come out with the receipts because no one's ever done it. 'cause everyone's just bow down because everyone's scared. Yeah. 'cause Ry Reynolds a-list. Blake Lively a-list. Like don't, they're the queen. That's T tine. Oh, was it over? Yeah. We missed it. God. God dammit. It's 2025. That shit's over, man. Gating up against the cage.


We're Terrible at this. Yeah. We've been talking about Harvey Weinstein's nuts and his thighs. We missed the the favorite. Get choked Out guard. Close guard tine. I'm Gonna get a Coke real quick. You know what? Why? Anything? Nope. Nope. Thank you. I'm gonna take a piss really quick. All right. I'll wait for you to take this so we're not all gone. We're gonna miss you, Eddie. It'd be cool if we grab me a Coke. Right? I got you. Go grab a Coke, Eddie. I'll wait till he is out there. That'd be Cool. Oh dude, I haven't seen that out there yet. 1, 2, 3. Oh, that's a belt bro. That's the Gordon Ryan belt. Motherfuckers right there. Yeah. That's badass. Prominent position. That's the, That is a prominent position. Yeah. That looks awesome. You two pulled up in some shit today. Your new car, that fucking truck. Jesus Christ. I haven't seen that car. What is it? Oh, it's a, a Shelby Super Snake.


What year? 24. Okay. First one I've ever seen. How much Horsepower does it make? Eight 30. Eight 30? Yeah. Woow five. Oh, so fun. Is it manual? Yeah, Of course. What am I Communist. It's manual. They don't make the GT five hundreds in. I know. But they make the supers snake super. Which is why I bought it. I would've bought a GT 500. But there was one company that was doing a swap. They were doing a six speed swap on a GT 500. I almost bought that. But then I thought about, I was like, I don't want any Frankenstein cars. Like I don't know how this works. Can you get little dicey computer stuff? Weird shit. 'cause You know, it's not designed for that. But the supers snake is designed for it. Oh, it auto blips on the downshifts. It's nice. Sounds nice. Ooh, it sounds like war.


It sounds like a real American muscle car. But it's modern. So it's like, it has All the feel of a muscle car. The lurch when you hit the gas. A fucking giant power. Great handling. Great handling. The brakes are great. Yeah. But it's also real comfortable. The drive suspension is beautiful. Yeah. It's a great fucking car. And it's fucking, just so good looking. Oh, it's so fun. Aggressive. I love it. I love it. It's, it's such an American car, bro. I was at Mecu yesterday. You should see some of the shit people do with those cars, man. It's wild man. With Mustangs, everything. Oh, with everything. Every, I mean the Mustangs for sure. Like the old, the sixties, all that shit. Oh yeah, dude. And when they, the resto mods, I'm just sitting there like, bro, I want it all. I know. It's a problem. I want it. All cars are a real problem.


I we're talking to three guys here. Real car problems. Oh dude. I at a budget. Like they cleared me to buy something and I've never bid on anything. I went fucking nuts, dude. What'd you get? I got, it's for, oh, you got a Jeep, right? I got a Jeep. I went nuts, man. I tackled my manager. I didn't know what to do. I was so nervous. I was so fucking nervous. Because there's, there's like big bottles. Like there's a guy I went to, the KI me one. There's some old, I have no idea what he did. He was next to me and 12 minutes, he probably spent $7 million in cars. Oh my God. And didn't give a fuck. Yeah. And I was like, bro, you just won that GT 40. How are you not no fist pump, nothing. That's yours. That's mine. Not What color is that? It's like a purpleish. Pinkish.


Yeah, it's like a pinkish. But it has a three ninety two. It's the last call edition. Oh. Brand new. Less than 200 miles. It looks good. That looks good. Look, I attack my fucking manager right there. Oh, so you were right there when it happened? Yeah, I was on ES pn. I didn't know. I was so embarrassed when they told me I was on live tv. That's hilarious. Those, those 3 92 Jeeps Are sick. Oh, they're great. One sick Brigham Has a lifted one. They're Awesome. Oh, I'm gonna toss some king shocks on that bitch. A big mag lower. That's another classic American car. I mean, the Jeeps look exactly like Jeeps. And they have like that for, they look updated, but it's kind of like a nine 11. Like they just, that's what I was just gonna say. Yeah. Like PORs, they never change their body style. So they have this cult falling, you know, what's the most Google truck in the world?


Oh, I believe a Wrangler. Yeah. They have like a cult falling also. There's so much customization available for those things. Yeah. 'cause they've been around for so long. That's, they're like Lego cars. You can't, yeah, you can't go wrong so much shit for 'em. You can't go wrong with that. What You ever see the America's most Wanted Jeeps. Oh, where they toss the Hellcat in 'em. Oh. Oh. Demons and shit. Yeah baby. They put 1200 horsepower in those bitches. That's my shit. Yeah. That's my shit. And they do up the suspension and, And you know, map everything out. Perfect. Which were you gonna get one? Orem? Yeah, I still, you sending me one. I'm too busy. Me Too. Too many things. Too much. I love. I call you, I'll get some bullshit. Like a four excursion on my hum. I power stroke and I call him. You're like, cool, cool. And he tells me what he has. I'm like, oh my God. Yeah. There's one look at that.


That's a thousand horsepower. That has the health in in engine. Those things are wild. Yeah. They make some wild ones. Two 60 stock. Are you gonna get the new zero one? I want to. I should, but I shouldn't. But I will. I already, I already put the order. Order into spec one. You Had the SF 90 on order, didn't you? Yeah. Did you get that? That's still coming. No, still hasn't gotten here yet. You should just get the ZR one instead. The, The other one's going to my wife. That's fair. His wife's driving. That's for all black, like, yeah. Yeah. I don't, I just stop Dr. I kind of stopped driving automatic cars. Unless it's my Tesla.


What's your favorite car to drive? Don't say the Tesla. I don't know the Tesla. If I want to get there quick. Yeah. If I want to get there quick. But, but you want people, you know, unplugged performance, flipping, flipping you off and shit. Fucking, I know they Nazi. You don't want them drawing Nazi signs on it. You don't have too much of a problem with that in Austin. You know what's weird is, you know me, I can't stand electric cars. But now that the libs are like, I'm like, oh shit, I might get a cyber truck. I wish a motherfucker would. Yeah. Just 'cause I wish I just, because Oh now I want one. Now you fucked up. It's so stupid. I might get one and swap a diesel in it so it looks like, and they don't know. I just so they fuck with me. Yeah. People have done that. They've put V eights. They've dropped V eights in Teslas. Yeah. It's a lot. It's a lot of work though.


It's also why you basically just tossing you to, you gotta pay for the cyber truck. Yeah. It's like, and I'm gonna have to pay for, it's a disaster. Rich rebuilds did One and then it's just slower. Yeah. Like it's, yeah, it's, it's silly sometimes. It's not all about speed though, You know. No. When people tell me that, I'm like, ah, you ever driven like a fucking water cooled fucking, You know, flat six Porsche. Like stick. No, it's Of course. Of course. Right. It's not all about, especially the air cooled ones. Yeah. They cool old ones. It's just not all about that. Especially those old ones are so light. You feel everything. You're dealing with a 2000 pound car, even if it only has 250 horsepower. It's so fun. Yeah, it's different. It's so, it's so different. It's like a, you're an amusement park ride. You know, it's like, it's just like feeling like, it Feels like you can die at any point.


Yeah. But then you look down and you're doing like 35 miles an hour. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like my, my Hummer. It's not the fastest, but fuck. It's cool. Cool man. Cool. Yeah. Fuck. There's nothing like it. I forgot you got a Hummer. What's in that thing? Six. Oh Powerstroke fully built, aren't there? Bigass Turbo, aren't there Electric Hummers now? Yeah, those are great man. The new GMC cs. Those are fucking great. Red band has one of those. It's fucking awesome. They crab walk. Crab walk. Yeah. You can parallel park like this and shit. Does he have any? They go, I heard the charging system has some issues. They've Had a lot of issues with 'em. Yeah, no, he hasn't had any problems with this. They'll figure those out though. Yeah. He loves it though. It's fast as shit too for a big ass fucking truck. They're so fast, so heavy, crazy. So fast. But huge. It's an enormous truck. You think they're gonna start making less electric vehicles now that trump's in.


They're already doing it. They're already doing it. Here's the problem with electric vehicles. This is the number one problem. Resale terrible. Porsche tie cans. They sell 'em for like, you know what is a, like a tie? Can turbo s what is it? 60. They sell 'em like a year later, like 70 over 200. They lose so much value. Jamie, I lost my Crazy value. Why is that? Because nobody wants to buy a used electric car because the range drops off. So like say if you buy a Corvette, right? You buy like a 2000, you can buy a 2017 Corvette, like a ZR one. They're still really expensive. Super expensive. Is ZR one a manual from like 2017? It's like, yeah. Z ones are hundred grand right now.


Right now. But Joe think, think about a better comparison would be think about like your your four GT 2006, right? They're 500 grand minimum now, right? Minimum. But that's a different, because that's like a classic. It's 20 years old. Sure. But a new car say like, say if you get like a new A-M-G-G-T And you know it's a 2025, you sell it next year, you're not gonna lose much money. If you sell like a Ferrari, you'll lose no money. Yeah. Like if you buy a Ferrari today and you sell it in a year and you got a thousand miles on it, you'll make money. Porsche make money, you'll make Porsche is the best. But if you have a fucking electric car like Audis, those trons, those are horrible sick. Even Tesla pla, sick cars, Tesla PLAs.


I can get cheap. A friend of mine got one of those and he got like a year old one for like 70 grand and brand new. It's like 150 or something like that. It's crazy. Why Not just get like a new battery or something? Well that's so expensive. That's a big problem. So expensive to flip out battery. The Batterie. And they still have battery. Like for the most part, like you're not driving 250 miles if you have a plug at home, if you plug it in at home, you have a supercharger at your house, which I do for my car. It's great. I just get it home, plug it in. It's always good to go. And it gets like fully charged. I think my car gets like 350 miles if you drive like a grandma. But for normal day to day, you just stick it in there. You never go to the gas station.


It's awesome. See? But fuck all that noise. You're not road tripping it. It's like, yeah, as long as you're not road tripping. If you're road tripping it, you gotta really map it out. Especially if you don't have a Tesla. Because then you have to find all these, these other, they'll get there super stations. But like my Hummer, I have a 55 gallon diesel tank in the back. I feel that bitch up maybe once every three weeks. Like it. It gets good gas mileage. I can go on long road trips. There's don't have to worry about it. There's a few great options that aren't Teslas. One is lucid. You've seen Lucid Air. Those those are cool. They make 'em like super high end. Yeah. Griffin has one. Does he really? Yeah. Yeah. They're very, that bitch shut down on us in the parking lot. But yeah, he has one. Did it really? We couldn't, we couldn't get out. It died. It was like a hundred degrees. I was like, oh, I'm gonna break your car, dude. And he's like, oh, out of All the times, this has never happened.


It happens while you're in the car. Wasn't there a manual? I was like, fucking these. Isn't there a manual release in door? He didn't have that. Okay. Yeah. We had to wait like 40 minutes to, isn't there, did someone have to come and help it out? No. Eventually he called and they're like, oh, just reset. It was like, reset your phone. Oh wow. I fucking hate This. Isn't there something about like, you know, All the radiation, you're in the car and it's like you're surrounded By No, that's a good question. Like EMF, right? Yeah. It's a good question because like if your phone, is that a real, a real problem? If you're not supposed to have your phone by your head car, you're not supposed to have. Yeah. I mean your whole car is big ass phone. I don't know. That's why the peop the people, that's A real problem. I, according to people, it's RFK Jr. A good point.


And many other people don't think that you should have EarPods EarPods in. Yeah. Like not They should, you should have the wired ones only. Yeah. And even those are not the best thing to have. You should just listen to things like on a Bluetooth speaker is what they said. Also, the people vandalizing Teslas. There could be a worst car to vandalize. 'cause there's cameras fucking everywhere on that thing. Everywhere. 360. Well, so many people are going to jail Right now. And if you don't have a Tesla, you don't really know that. Like if you're like it within 20 feet of the car, it's recording you. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Century mode. Yeah. Seven cameras. It's so wild. Yeah. Fully HD cameras. See your face. There's so many guys that gotten busted. Have You seen that? Fat Liberals? He's, Have you seen those Tesla mini Homes?


They're never smart Shape. Never. There was one guy who, who was rubbing shit. Like he would like Grab his ass. Yeah. Like grab his ass cheeks and then like, just rubbed it All over door. That guy was looking for an excuse to rub shit on things. Yeah. I guess he probably goes home and jerks off with his own shit. Yeah. Have you seen those Tesla mini homes? No. Oh, you haven't seen them? No. They're like, dude, Tesla has a tiny homes. They're like, like trailers, but like super high tech with, with solar Panels. I saw the Amazon Ones. Have you seen those? But Not that Tesla. Tesla Has one. Tesla's got mini homes. No shit. Have you seen this, Jamie? The mini homes. They're not made By Tesla though. Oh, it's not? No, no, it is. No, no. Seriously. No. I'm looking it one, the one, the one that I've seen. I just saw it a couple days ago.


It's te Tesla Making you sure? It wasn't like an AI generated thing. No, no, No. Tesla has solar panels. Yeah, they have Tesla solar panels for your roof. They have Tesla Mini homes like That. That's not real. If that's what it was. That shit gets Callen though, Eddie. Don't worry. That's not real. Yeah, it gets Callen All the time. Yeah. There's fucking ai. They get me, man. I asked Elon like five times you making a phone? I keep getting these AI XPhone. Yeah, it's fake. There it is. And That's fake. Click on it. It's from two years ago. It's not real. Click on it though. Let see what it says. It's not dude ai. I know it's fake. I know it's fake. It's getting so good. But I see what the fakeness looked like. Kyle thought Conor McGregor was in the movie Popeye. It's Just like a YouTube video with Damn, they got me dead Serious.


Dead serious. So they show the little house. Well, There's box bowl. That's not No, I know about that. Like, that's real. Right? That's not ai. Oh yeah. I mean, You can buy a house for 10 grand now if you just like a single dude who has a plot of land, just park that house with solar. You, you could literally live off the grid in a little bullshit house like That. Is that What? And then you get starlink. Is that real? No, it was like a little, it was like a, it was a pod. Like a, like a like a egg. Yeah. It's, it looks like an egg. That's AI Dog. That's pretty dope though. Wow. They Got me good. Those little tiny houses that you could buy. Like if you were just a dude living by yourself and you're like, I don't need nothing. If you're young, it'd be dope. Yeah, man. They're not expensive like you. Like somebody leaves you a little plot of land.


You got a couple acres somewhere. Every men's dream one a one bedroom house with a 40 car Garage. Sit on your front porch and say, fuck the world. I own this whole thing. I own this No mortgage. Yeah, no mortgage. $10,000 house. And it's nice. It's like, not what do you need? Do you need a kitchen? Do your tv. What the fuck do you need? If you're a single guy, you need a bed. You need a tv. Unless you're trying to get mad pus. I just, if you're trying to get mad s go. There You go. Then you need, that's where you're fucking up. Need a long drive away. That's Where you fucking up, bro. That's Where you're fucking up. Lights everywhere. You need a fountain. All the dudes are like, this is dope. The chick's like, good luck. That's not a panty dropper. No, no, no. A tiny house is a no-go. No. Yeah. No. Like why do you have a tiny house?


Like what do you, what's, what's going on? How much do you, can I see your bank account? How much do you make? Are you gonna be able to feed my babies? That's a bunch of videos from That's, thats it. But yeah, there's a bunch of videos from a few days ago that this is all just nonsense. All AI generated. That's interesting. Why that right there? That's what I saw. Yes. That'd be a dope podcast studio to put in the middle of nowhere. That's what that Well, what Mac? I'm not gonna say that that's necessarily fake, but that's not a a, it's not a house that someone could live in. That's like a couch And a It's a suicide po Daddy. Yeah. It's a little drug den. Yeah. That's dope. That's exactly what I saw. And it's like a little five minute mini documentary commercial. And they go deep in there. Yeah, they got, man, There's a few That's Well, they get you, man.


These AI things are nuts, man. I haven't been fooled yet. Yeah, I've, I've seen AI things with my own voice on 'em. Like, wow, this is crazy. And I know it's fake. You know, speaking of, speaking of fakery, when you had Mel Gibson on your podcast the other day, he, he brought up the shroud of Turin. Yeah. And I always thought that was fake because like in the eighties, what is that? The shroud? It's like the, the cloth that Jesus was buried in and left an image of all. And in the eighties, like 1988, they did carbon dating on it. And they go, oh, it's fake. See that the, Yeah. It literally has like the image of Jesus burned into it somehow or another. I never looked into it. I just figured it was fake.


But listening to you and Mel Gibson talk about Yeah. I'm like, what? It's real. Is there a Well, apparently it's a lot older than they assumed when they did the first testing. And one of the problems is, holy, holy shit, there's cross-contamination. There's also been repairs to it. But they did subsequent testing and they found that it was like 2000 plus years old. Yeah. And the one thing, the one thing, it's in the range that's the most, it's the most studied artifact ever. Damn. Like particle a physicist, nuclear engineers, they all studied it. And they, some of them, some believe in it, some don't believe in it, but they all agree on one thing. No one knows it how they did it. Right. No knows how they Made it.


There's no paint, there's no die. So dude, all this week, dude all damn. Just watching documentary after, after podcast on this shit. And it's fucking mind Blowing. Yeah. It's pretty crazy. It's mind blowing if it turns out that they can't figure out how anyone could ever do it. Like if no one has come up with a theory of how to do that today. Yeah. That's where it gets really interesting. There's a, it wasn't paint and it wasn't die and it wasn't, they all agree on that wasn't burned In. They all agree. It's a mystery 'cause. But then the people, the skeptics say, just because we don't know how it was done doesn't make it real. Which is, which is a a good point. But then the other side's, like, dude, all these scientists have no idea how they faked it.


It's gotta be real. So it's, it's all about how you look at it. There's on the side be real. There's a, there's a nuclear engineer be most fun. There's a nuclear engineer. You can go on YouTube. His name is Roger Robert Rucker. Watch his breakdown. This guy's a acle dude. He's breaking down the fo he, he, it's, it's insane because it's a negative image on a non photographic material. Right. It's linen. Right. And then it turns out, like if you look at it with the naked eye, it's white. And then you see the image of the face. It's kinda like yellow. You can barely see it. But in like 1898, some photographer took a picture of it and then flipped and then looked at the negative. And then all of a sudden in the negative, the whole body appears front and back.


Because he was buried like with a a, you see the images, Jamie? He was buried with the, the sheet under him. And it went around his head. That's crazy. That's that's the back of him. 'cause he, Yeah, the right one's the back and the left one's the front. That's crazy. No one knows how they did it. And no scientists, even The holes where the wrist would be nailed. Yeah. It's fucking crazy. Wow. That was the thing with, with Jesus with me, it's very hard. It was always very hard to believe in Jesus. I'm like, dude, the resurrection, like that's a hard one to wrap your brain around, right? Yeah. I could believe that he existed. I could, I could believe that he got crucified. A lot of people got crucified. But the resurrection was always the thing that kept me from really believing in Jesus. I'm like, there's no way the resurrection was real. But even this Is real Eddie.


It doesn't mean he was resurrected. Right. It just means he was crucified and he was actual real Man. No, the the thing is, is how the image got on. Let's just, the people that believe that it's real. Believe that when he was resurrected some kind of ultraviolet radiation, some kind of burst made that image. Oh, gotcha. That's because that image has never been on any other shroud. People get buried in shrouds All the time. All the time. There's never an image like that. Pretty crazy. And the crazy thing is the blood. There's no image under the blood. So the blood was there first and then the image is after. It's crazy shit, dude. I'm like, I, I went deep down a rabbit all week just watching the skeptics, the scientists particle physics.


They, they have no idea how the fuck that image got on the front and back the back of them too. It's Pretty weird. Did you see the thing? Apparently it's crazy, dude. It's Crazy. Apparently there's some structures underneath the pyramids that just found Yeah, we were talking about that the other day. How have they not looked at that before? Well, the fuck, they don't know whether or not that's legit or whether these guys are jumping to conclusions. A lot of people are calling bullshit and saying they jumped to conclusions. A lot of people are saying that it really, you can't tell from those images like what they drew in the, you know, the 3D image where they drew everything and made a model of it. They're doing a lot of guessing. So they're gonna, they're gonna do more testing though.


There's Definitely something under there. Someone Starts something Under there. Something is Under there, something's under there, and it's massive. And if these guys are correct that it goes down two kilometers, bro. Like, help me explain that. Explain that with any conventional wisdom aliens. That's more than a mile into the earth. That's fucking nuts. Yeah. Like what is, what does that mean? Like what, who did that And what was the purpose of it? Because there's a guy named Christopher Dunn that thinks that the entire Giza pyramid, the big one, the great pyramid was a power plant. Yeah. And he has this whole schematic that he mapped out. Like this is how you would generate hydrogen. You would have something underneath the surface, under, under, underneath the ground that was causing a vibration, a pounding.


And then this reverberation, this, this vibration would go through the entire building 'cause it was all made out of a limestone. And then they had these channels, these paths that they would fill with chemicals and they would go into what's called the king's chamber and this porous limestone that would allow the chemicals to leap through to leach through. And that will create hydrogen. God damn. Yeah. Yeah. So I mean, I'm doing, I'm butchering it. I'm sorry Mr. Dunn. But if you listen to his take on it and he's an engineer, he explains why shit, the pathways and everything, this is exactly how you would do it if it was some sort of a power plant. But whatever it is, it's like, I don't think that it's a tomb. I just, I just don't think that makes any sense.


Remember Your bit where you said, I bet people used to be really smart. Yeah. But the dumb people just out fucked the smart people. Yeah. Pin the one at a staggering pace. Remember that shit? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Man. I mean, the pyramids for sure. A gold or a mystery. Like how the fuck do they build those and now finding out what's underneath them. Like fuck, who knows? Yeah. Go, go. Beckley Pepe. There's all these mis mysterious architecture everywhere. Yeah, dude. But it's everywhere. Everywhere. It's everywhere. Every city. Like these cathedrals, like think about power tools were invented in the 1890s and they're talking about these insane cathedrals all over the world, Carved outta stone With no power tools.


Right. How The fuck did they build? Like they're, Have you ever seen that one in India. There's, there's a few of 'em in India, but there's one that's all carved out of stone. They didn't bring any rocks there. They don't know where the stone went. Yeah. It's all insanely intricate and carved outta stone and fucking massive. And they're everywhere, dude. They're everywhere. They nowhere to explain South America, Asia, China. Yeah. Look At that. Look at that, bro. They carve that out of solid stone. They might Have been bored as fuck. Look how tiny the people are down there. There's not shit to do Better than that, bro. Do you know how long that would take? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hundreds of years. They don't have shit to do. Look how spectacular the craftsmanship is. Spectacular.


And no one knows how old that is. It's like, take a guess. So, So God, you, you're back to your bit. People used dude might get offended. That's probably accurate, dude. Oh, Molly McCann's getting choked. Shit. She Needs to win. Bad dude. Have you heard have, have you heard? Oh, she's, she's getting choked. Yeah, she's getting, getting choked. Well, the hands aren't locked yet. No. She has two on one on the support arm. Right. She keeps turning. She's got a good grip on that shoulder cap though. Yeah. Oh, now she's fucked. Now she's fucked. She looks fucked now. She's fucked. Nope. She get outta that arm. She's out of it. She's out of it. Oh, okay. Now. But it wasn't good that she had her hand underneath the jaw that easily. Yeah. Like whenever she's only got 40 seconds whenever She fights, the crowd's just cheering and she's getting beat up.


Well, she's so tough. She's so tough. And she's such a gamer. It's just not enough in the That's deep. Oh, that's deep. That's, that's it. That's it. That's it. That's, that's it. Yeah. She's last swapped four outta five now. Yeah. If, if that proves to be true, and there really are these massive structures underneath the pyramid, they gotta change everything. There's, there's dude, there's passive civilizations that were super highly advanced. There's gotta be, I mean, You know what I have a hard time getting into, but I, I, I, I, every now and then I'll dive into it. Giants. Giants too. Dudes. Giants. Giants. That's another one. There's A lot for moving all that shit. Well, there. I don't know about that because I think you need a lot more than giants to move those fucking stones. Yeah. You, you need some kind of crazy technology.


Yeah. Because giants don't explain the engineering, it doesn't explain the, the precision that was involved. Like whatever they did, they were, they were moving 80 tons stones from 500 miles away and through the mountains. And there's no roads and no one knows how they did it. There's no Explanation. Your, did your Instagram algorithm fuck you up with the, the giant AI videos? Oh Yeah. I saw those giant guys. Yeah. Huge pyramids. 70 foot dudes carrying giant stones like jacked, shredded. You know, I, there's a lot of reports throughout the ages of giant human beings, you know, and it, look what's a giant nine feet tall, 10 feet tall, that's a fucking giant, like a race of nine foot, 10 feet tall people. And there's all these stories about like bones that were giant bones that got transported this Smithsonian.


But they covered it up. And, and I assume they don't live long 'cause they're so big. So they probably just eventually fell Off. I think think it's Robert Wadlow was eight foot 11. He's like on record the tallest. Right. He was, he had like a serious disease. Yeah. Now imagine a foot taller than that guy. Jacked, but just a different kind of human being. Dude. Have, have you heard of the little season that's in the, in the Bible? They talk about the little season. No, I'm gonna get a coke. Well, the, the, in the Bible it Talks He didn't get you a Coke, huh? No, no. I asked you when you were leaving and get a Coke. Oh, I did. I I'm sorry. Did Anyone want it? But No, I'm good. In, In the Bible, apparently, You know, your average Christian thinks tribulation is coming. Right. Jesus is gonna, is gonna eventually come.


Right. Tribulation. We're gonna be judged. Right. And then there's gonna be a 1000 year millennial where Jesus returns and rules for a thousand years. And All the resurrected apostles are gonna be kings and they're gonna rule this realm that we're in. That's what the tribulation Jesus returns a thousand year millennia. This is in the Bible. And then after the thousand year, and then what, during those thousand years, there's a guy named Paul stops. I had on my podcast, he told me all about this. You, he's on the YouTube understanding conspiracies on YouTube. Paul Stobbs, he's, he's amazing. He's talking about, so that, that's what we're waiting for. Jesus return, he rules for a thousand years.


He's the king of this earth. And then after the, and then while, while those thousand years are going on, Satan is chained to the lake of fire. So there's no Satan. It's just Jesus and his apostles ruling. And then after the thousand years, it is called the little satanic season. It's in the Bible too. I chat doc the little season where Jesus un lets Satan go. And then Satan rules this earth and he influences All the nations. And it's, it's called the little Satanic season. And that, and the purpose of that is to, to test people. Like we're, and there's a, there's a theory. There's a theory that he already ruled for.


He came back in the apostles lifetime and ruled. They already did that a thousand year millennial. And now we're in the little season right now. Doesn't it seem like Satan is like influencing All the nations? Doesn't it seem like an evil world? Well, It seems like evil has always been a part of the human race. There's always been people committing genocide. Yeah. There's always been evil. There's always been people that justify murder for money. Yeah. You know, bombings of fucking apartment buildings. I sent them a, a link of like a, like a two minute video. Jamie, can you play this real quick? This guy explains. It's really, and then you'll see All the structures. So that explains. So this is a theory, this is a theory that it explains all these structures that were built by angels.


Well, you gotta wonder when you get back to that zacharia hitchin stuff. 'cause one of the things about this whole Anunnaki thing was that there were giants and Yes. That the big theories of the giants bred with human beings, which probably means some sort of genetic engineering, like taking like existing primates and and turning them into human beings. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, if you, I mean, those are the most fun. Those are the most fun. The idea that we were visited by an alien and an alien race in this alien race as far superior, and that they used us as slaves to mine for gold. Those are the most fun theories. Did you get that link? Yes. Well, it's 22 minutes long. No, just play like two minutes ago.


I know. I'm trying to find a good Spot. Just no. Right in the right. It's right. What is their mechanism supposed to see The be be going through Space? Oh, no. Like at, right at one minute. That's I was write at like one minute. You're right. Like one. It's just showing videos though. No, no, no. But there's talking over it, there's a narration over it. Okay. So try it now. I was like, Paul, why are you doing this? Just stop, stop it. He's, he's clearly like, this is too much right now. I just talking. Yeah. You just kept Yeah. Tumbling me. It's just kept hitting. No, I, I thoroughly loved it. I, I've talked about it. He's about to start a hundred people. You know, everybody I know. I'm like, you know, there's a theory out there and then not have no clue what I'm talking about.


So please fast forward a little. You have Tom, This video's called the Little Season Theory Number One and the YouTube channel's Understanding Conspiracies, the little season theory number one. It's so good. He just said he has no idea what he is talking about though, too. Do we should No. Just go listen to that. Start it right there. This is such an Eddie Bravo subject I know today to walk me through this. Here we go. Okay. I'll try and cover most spaces. Sounds like Bryce Mitchell talk. And I'm not gonna be able to thoroughly explain every single nuance today in like two hours. It's just, it's just not going to happen. Or, well, I'll try. My best to do in this talk is give a foundational overview of most of the talking points involved around this theory. And it's a working theory. Let's bear that in mind.


We're still figuring things out. Right. There's multiple options for certain sections of this theory where, where it could have gone. So I'll try my best to relay as much as I can. But the basic premise to work off here is that what most modern Christians are waiting for today is the return of Jesus Christ after the tribulation. And we all have our eyes on the signs. We're trying to discern the signs around us, trying to determine who the antichrist will be, what the mark of the beast will be. All of those things, we're kind of looking for them and waiting for those signs to happen, which will be the signs of the coming of the son of man in the clouds. Okay. Which will be tribulation, judgments. And then obviously a millennial reign is what people are waiting for.


And they get to, people get to live with Christ for a thousand years, as it says in Revelation 20. So people are pretty adamant. We're living in that time. We're living in the time just before tribulation. It's just around the corner. It's just about to happen. Okay? That's what people are pretty adamant where we at. That's the mainstream thought of not only conspiracy Christians, but just mainstream church. That is the view of modern Christians. We are in that time. There've always been other views out there, which say, you know, well, you know, it's a spiritual kingdom and we're, we're living in it now. You know? And that goes on forever and ever. And there's no physical kingdom and all these type of things. You have amillennialists who believe that type of thing.


What this theory says kind of blows it all out the water. It's, it's a completely new take on the situation. And there has been a worldview called Tism, which was created a while ago in I think about 16 hundreds by, I think it was, people say it was a Jesuit, but it may have been a Jesuit. But this theory we have today is not tism, classically so-called. It's kind of a, it's something else. And, and a lot of people who don't like this idea will attack pre tism and think that's what we're talking about. Most preist even they believe it's a spiritual kingdom. And we're not saying that here. This is, we're talking about a real physical, tangible thousand years where Christ reigned on earth.


This theory pos it's all already happened. We're not living in the times just before tribulation. We're living after a thousand year reign of Christ. He's already been on earth. He has reigned for a thousand years on earth with his resurrected saints and the elect who survived through tribulation. Wouldn't there be a record of that? And doesn't that make, doesn't that make sense that Christians would document that? I mean, there's always Documentation. He goes over, he goes over like, why, why? If there was a record and we knew then this wouldn't be a test. There wouldn't be a reason for the little season, the little satanic season. He lets Satan out. He unchained. There's a dude, there's a, a, a painting of Lucifer, and he's standing.


He looks just like the fucking Statue of Liberty. And he's got a chain, like a shackle around his ankle with a broken chain. And it's a famous painting of Lucifer. And he is like this, right? And then you look at the Statue of Liberty. That's not a woman. That's a dude. That's a dude. And then, and it's got a fucking, a shackle around. It's it's ankle. I thought it was a strong chick with a broken chain. Statue of Liberty has a shackle around a ankle With a broken chain, just like the family Find the painting. No, no. You can find that. Just punch in Lucifer. Statue of Liberty. So much fun. Much. Why is Statue Of Liberty is not a chick so much more. That's Not a chick. It's not chick. That's not a chick. It's a trans dude, I just saw you.


I just thought you had a strong jaw. Strong jaw. And some nose, You know, some boobs. Man, boobs shot. Look At that. That's a painting of Lucifer, Right? Whoa. Right. Damn. And you think that's a chick? Go to the full, full painting. It could be France just trolling Us though. Look at the chain. He's got a Damn Lucifer's. Dick is gone. He's got the Harvey Weinstein. Yeah. Hmm. Go to the the, and there's the chain. Look at the right there. Boom. Look at that. Whoa. Wow. Look at that. That's the, the foot of the Statue of Liberty. Broken chain with a shackle. But Jesus, I mean, Satan has two arms up in there. Yeah, it's, I mean it's basically, yeah, I Don't know. I don't know. This is just crazy conspiracy talk the chain. They're really Identical. This shit. It's basically the Elon Musk. My heart goes out to you.


Yo, yo, yo. I'm gonna say this dude, Jesus, to Me. Still framed somewhere on that. Yes. I'm all in, dude. Dude, I'm all in. I'm all in with, with all this. With a shroud of turn. I'm all in, man. Christ is king up. Conveniently cropped the image to make a false point. Oh, and that image. Yeah. And that right there. Well they look pretty fucking similar. Eh? No, two arms, one arm. Look at the chin. A dude with an arm up in the air. Oh, arts. I mean, they modeled it off of something. They didn't just create it out thin air. Usually two. You think that's a chick? No, no. Chicks has a big ass bison for it does the, the Statue of Liberty. The arm is huge. Yeah. Look at that forearm. That's a jack forearm. You're the fucking hands.


Yeah, it's a dude's hand. A dude's arm. Dude's face. Dude's nose. Dude's nose. Yeah. Yeah. Statue of Liberty doesn't look like a guy, but it does look like he kind of has boobs. And he's holding up A Torch. A torch. Lucifer, that's the god of blood. Is there boobs in the statue? Liberty, like legit boobs. So get a full view of the Statue of Liberty. She cheeked up. Did they, did they give her some implants later in the day on a Thursday afternoon? They pump out the copper. Did they get under the copper and heat it up it out a little bit? Yeah. I've seen it close up, man. I've never seen the boobs. I think does look trans. Now we look at it. Now that you look at it, France is like, ah, it could be key in a Tesla. It could be t in a Tesla right now. Okay, so here's the full image of it.


Yeah. It doesn't look like it has boobs. That does not look like, well, a little bit. Right. One looks like a little bit of a tit little That looks like a tit. Could be gyno though. Could be gyno. Could be gyno. Ancient steroids. Damn chick, man. God damn. How, why you fucked that up for me? I don't know, man. Pretty crazy. I don't know. I've, I've been going down rabbit holes here. France wanted the Statue of Liberty back. Yeah, that looks like a chick. He said, give it back to us. You guys are bad. Look at that. And then the lady who's a White House press secretary is like, you're lucky. We're not speaking. You're you, you guys would be speaking German if it wasn't for the United States. Yeah. That that, that's secretary's a savage, huh?


It's Like every day you wake up it's like what? It's like What now? But we needed France to beat them in World War I. That's a fact too. France lost like some insane percentage of their population in World War I. Some, I think they lost 25% of their male population. Their 18 to 25 or 18 to 30 male population in World War I. And another 25% in World War ii. They, they paid heavy. No one paid a after your price in Russia. Russia paid, no one talks about, they don't teach in schools. Russia got fucked up. They, they lost 20 plus million. Yeah. I mean, Russia's been through so much. Just the amount of people that got starved by Stalin, France provided crucial aid to the American colonists during the Revolutionary War, including military sport, financial assistance, and naval power ultimately contributing significantly to the American victory and independence.


Yeah. They've helped us through everything. Yeah. So I, I think it's stupid that we hate France. I don't get it. I think it's stupid that we hate Canada too. I don't get that either. Canada needs to get their shit together though. Yeah, they have terrible government, but, but he's out. Right? Canadian people are awesome. Yeah. Canadians are awesome. Yeah. But the new guy is like more of the same. Oh really? And then they have to vote. Have a vote. And when they have a vote, then that Pierre vet guy, is he one of Fidel Castro's sons too, or what? No, he's not. When is that vote? He's a conservative. They don't have the same thing over here. Like, it's November 4th. Like with them, they get to decide when, when there's gonna be a vote. When they've had a, they'll like call it in three weeks. Three weeks are gonna have a vote. Like, I don't even know when or how, I don't know how their system works up there. They got a squirrely system up there.


It's, and they just keep losing rights left and right. I mean, what they did during the whole trucker convoy thing was nuts. Wow. Dude. That was, that was crazy. Wow. Crazy. Like full on Communist bullshit. People people, there's people still in jail. Well there's people that lost their bank account that only donated to the truckers. That's wild. That was crazy. They froze their money. I mean, delegated. That was kind of the start of like them stopping All the crazy shit. Well, it was kind of, a lot of people woke up. Yeah. The protest. Yeah. Yeah. Like once the, once the truckers did that and they started shutting bank account down, well you're, You're fucking with real Dudes like across like all of North America. They were like, okay, maybe we should kind of Yeah, Truck Truck is a real dude. They're like, hold up. Yeah. Hold the fuck up.


A lot of dudes who woke the fuck up. Yeah. Because of that. Thank God. Yeah. Because they're so polite. So up, up so bad. They're so nice and polite in Canada that it's like until they're not. Till they're not. But it's easy to kind of like, You know, get them thinking, oh this is the right thing to do, eh. Yeah. You know, and then the next thing you know, Have you seen the DMT Red Laser Light thing? I've Heard about that. Yo, I heard it's nuts. Have you done it? No. No. Have you seen it? But I've seen a bunch of videos on it. Apparently you do. If you do DMT and you shoot a red laser. I sent Jamie a video. Have you seen that? Shoot a red laser. You see the Matrix, you see code. Yeah. You see. And everybody sees the same shit. Really? Everybody. Yes. Not only that, but if you, like if get above the laser and you look down Yes.


You see layers of code. Yes. Yes. Check this out. Also Chase Hughes. I just saw a video of him saying he saw it too. Yeah. This is Song Chase. It's the same thing. Is he a famous scientist or something? No, he was just on the podcast Though. This guy was, yeah, he's a mind control expert that explains PSYOPs and how they Seen it on Instagram. And I heard you and Danny talking about it. So you've done it. Yeah, I saw it on Instagram and flew Danny to my house right away. I like break this down for people. Cause it wasn got shared amongst my group and it's like, what the fuck? Exactly. And that's the only question you're still gonna have after you see it. It Doesn't answer any questions. It just invites a lot more. Yeah.


Nothing else. There's code. Absolutely. There is code. So the code's not like spinning there. It's like, it's literally like kind of written out static. It's static. I can move the laser up and down and see all of the letters, but it's like three dimensional. So I can get close to the wall, I can look down inside of the laser that way and I can look up in the laser that way. But your best guess at explaining that, That would be a fool. Okay. I love, we can just leave it at that. Can't somebody Write The code down? Maybe Universal consciousness that we're projecting something. They just Discovered this. Well, I bet some egghead probably are Know, I know the guy who discovered it now Have really, I don't know him personally, but Brandon McCaffery, one of my black belts, he knows him personally.


He goes, dude, if you, you ever wanted to do your podcast, I could make, you know, I'm like, hell Yeah. Let's pay attention to this fight. This is a great Fight. Three that, that was seeing the matrix when you're on DMT with a red laser. Yeah. That, how crazy Is that? Does there any any laser? It's a, like a red laser. There's a bunch of videos on, on, on YouTube. It, is it like a specific laser or What if you do with a green laser too? I don't know. Or it's just like any laser. I don't know. But there's video of a bunch of people that, that's just one dude that's like the most, you know, All the other guys are like stoner dudes. You know what I mean? I, I wanted to show like this dude, he seemed to have a little more intelligence. Seemed to have a intelligence a little bit. No, chase is very small believer ability, You know? Yeah. But everybody sees the same shit.


They see the fucking matrix, the numbers, the code. That's sucks. Isn't that fucking life changing? Did you, you saw that Tom Campbell interview that I did, right? Yeah. I love that one. That was one of my favorite ones. That one's nuts. Yeah, that One's nuts. Yeah. When he's explaining to you that consciousness creates reality. I, you know what? I never really took the simulation theory seriously, but you know, I I, I always believed like Jesus is a new thing for me. Like the theder that, that I'm all in now with the shroud. But before that I was like, I don't know about Jesus maybe, but I believe in God and I believe in a creator. Like whoever created this shit, oh, here we go, is God, Here We go. Right. Gunner Nelson, Kevin Hall.


And, and there must be code on how God created this. Yeah. So That, that, You know, I think science, like the simulation guys, they're finding what God created. Like who else could put this simulation together? But a God who else? Here's the craziest theory. You know, AI is about to become sentient and then they're gonna do quantum computers with ai. What if that's how Jesus comes back? What if Jesus reemerges And he's just this voice, Right. Chris? A created consciousness and he's On a app. Yeah. And you can just talk. He's everywhere. By that time it probably be able to communicate to your fucking head. I mean they, they've already figured out how to put signals into people's heads.


Put voices in people's heads. They can have, they can literally have things say things to you or you hear voices in your head. Yeah. They have that technology. And if quantum computing gets attached to AI and then it figures out how to make better versions of itself. Like what does that mean? But, but is it, isn't that similar to like MK Ultra what we are doing to compromise people? Well, that's different. How's it different though? Because MK Ultra, they were just trying to manipulate people with acid and they were doing all sorts of different psychedelic drugs and, and doing it on people without them knowing to crazy shit though. Right. But also try to get 'em to manipulate them so they can get 'em to do things like try to kill the p the president or something like that. Like man, which they still do.


Yeah. They, they have to still do. There's no way they stop doing that. There's no way. And I, I guarantee if you could, if there is a conspiracy theory about that kid in Pennsylvania tried to kill Trump. Oh, insane. Went to the ground, gunner got him down, had a nice coto. Kevin. Kevin's lost four hours last fight. He Really to gonna put a triangle on him. Look at this. Kevin is a black belt, but not Gunner Nelson black belt Gunner. Nelson's so legit. Yeah. If he can get you scrambling on the ground. Look at that. Kevin's, Look at that. Look at that dude. Damn. If he opens his legs, he's gotta put, he's gotta put a grip together around that arm right there. Just if he put A grip him around The army. Oh, all He had. Oh my god. He is hanging on that arm. That can't be good for the shoulder. Yeah, It's, it's over now. He's not gonna be able to hold on. All he had to do was just grip s grip under the armpit.


And that was a wrap. This is a tiring position though for Gunner. He is holding his entire Body weight. It's tiring for Kevin too though. His legs are gassing out here for sure. Yeah. And now he's out. Gunner's a weird one 'cause he is not active cage. You know what I'm saying? Like he doesn't fight a ton. He's busy with gym. Was there three? Oh look at that. Another he, I think Joe, it might be two, but maybe three. Talk Smith gunner again. Yeah. He's getting in there. Yeah. Gunner's not scared to get in there. No, he's not scared. And a eventually hit. Who gave Kevin Holland his black belt? Travis Luter. Travis Lu. Oh shit. Okay. Yeah. He's a Texas boy. Fort Worth fight was two years ago. Two years ago. Almost exactly. How old is he now? Gunner? He's gotta be 36. 36. Yeah. He was so good when he was at the top of his game.


His juujitsu was off the charts. Yeah. He considered one of the best juujitsu Players. Beat Jeff Munson. Remember that? I forgot That. Munson was fucking huge. Yeah. MMA wise. He just never got over that hill. Like the top contenders. Well he, he's just not active enough and his striking is just not the same level as the elite guys. Yeah. Although he does have a good style that sort of karate, his style's cool. Yeah. Robert Whitaker type style. I think he just got busy. Like he has his school. It's like in the side of a fucking mountain. Is it? Yeah, in Iceland. He's an interesting dude, man. Yeah. Super talented. Remember he was part of Connor's camp for a while there. That's right. Yeah. Oh shit. Can opener.


Old school. I have always liked Gunner Nelson. Yeah. This is big, big. Thor told me he rolled with Gunner. I, I know he is rolled with you Gordon. He said Oh yeah, absolutely destroyed. Yeah. Yeah. He A video of rolled with Gunner and he couldn't understand it because he was like, I understand. Go because he's so big. He's like, then I rolled with Gunner Nelson. He fucked me up too. Yeah. I watched a video of it the other day. Oh really? Is a video of Gunnar. Well I mean Thor just has like he, he like has no grappling experience. Zero. Yeah, zero. Who's Thor? The one man? The mountain. Oh yeah. From Game of Thrones. The giant dude. He was like six, nine. You know who's competing in Jiujitsu now? Is that guy? Martins. Oh, Martins. Yeah. Martins. Yeah. Yeah.


He like did that one when I rolled with Thor. He was also there and he like wrestled in high school. So he was like a little bit more with it, better base. And he like just like he's like been trained Jiujitsu and competed. That's cool. Like he just won his first tournament. Good for Him. He's made a handful for Imagine Brian Haw started getting into Juujitsu. I taught him a private when he came here. That was interesting. What the fuck dude, that's like a, that's a giant. So yeah, he's a giant. Yeah, that's like a legit. So I made him drill big in. I was like, I'm not touching either one of you. That's a good way to get hurt. Look at that. Oh, nice job. Oh we lost it. Fucked, scrambled. It's really greasy. Got slippery. Got slippery. Kevin has that X factor. I just knee the body. That was a nice knee by Kevin.


That hurt this, this pace. Oh, we dropped him. It's over Six seconds to go. Oh he got some. He got some. Oh man, he's in trouble. He got some two one and let it go. Oh shit. That's a big punch. Oh the haymaker at the end. Oh. Oh Gunter damn Fucked up. They let it go. Oh look at him. He's wobbly. Super fucked up. He's wobbly. They're Not gonna stop it. Oh it's gonna start on the feet. Gunner's in trouble. Gunner's in trouble. Yeah. Yeah, he's in trouble. Good for Kevin. He needs a win man. Yeah, he does. It's been a while. He just four. His last five fight so often. No one's more active than Kevin but this is one 70. Finally what's his knees in Streak two? Lost four in his last five. I think he's lost three in a row. The thing is like he's so much better at 70.


I know he doesn't like the weight cut but it's so much better than 70 so tall and long and dangerous. Remember he beat homeboy but who did the spinning back? Jo? Joaquin Buckley. Yeah. Joaquin Buckley. Two in Walter Weight. He lost two in a row. Yeah, three out of four. Hamon and who else? All four out of five. Oh, Renee Riter. He lost four outta five. Yeah Dude. Riter versus Bo is gonna be interesting. Fuck Yeah it is. Be better fucking wrestle dude. I'm gonna freak the fuck out. Yeah. But I was so impressed with what that guy did to Holland. I was like that's impressive because he just manhandled him. Yeah, yeah. Manhandled 'em Went. He grappling is good. He can't I train with him. R Yeah. Yeah. Gun looks like he's still in a little bit of trouble. Yeah. RDR was a two division champion.


One championship. Like he's no punk. If Bo nickel gives us bad striking, I'm gonna freak the fuck out. There we go. Kevin Holland's Fought seven times since Gunner Nelson's Last fight. Correct. That's crazy. Oh upper cut. You got him with that upper cut. He also had a good grappling match. Oh na punches to the body by Holland. He also won win against Caden won championship. Gr straight grappling. If Gunner can't take Who did? Yeah. RDR. How'd That go? He got he, he got submitted. I think if Gunner lost take Kevin down here, he's in trouble. I didn't see that one. Yeah. Gunner is not able to take Kevin down this round. He's gonna be in trouble. And also you gotta think Kevin Holland's hungry right now.


Yeah. Starting, you know, 'cause he still wants to be a champion. Yeah. That's tough at 70 though. He could do it. He can do it at 70. He's just gotta be super focused and stay at 70. This hopping up and down And you know, getting losses at 85 against Ritter's like two 20. He's a big, but also being that active, it's tough to compete with the biggest guys that it's just tough to be that active. Right. And be a top guy. He fought comms out an 85. He got mad handle on like a three hour notice. Yeah man. That was when Nate Diaz and him were supposed to fight. Yeah. But Hamza came in eight pounds heavy and Kevin Holland stepped up and said I'll take it. And Hamza just fucking, and Kevin was supposed to fight Dro.


Yep. Remember? Yep. Which is a great fight. Gunner's trying real hard for this take down man. Burning off a lot of fuel. Almost has It. Nice spiral. Nice Spiral has it almost has it. He would've kept stepping inside. He he would've been if he had it. Yeah. If he cut a circle a little bit better. But He's gotta be fatigued right now. You know, two plus minutes into the second and got beat up at the end of the first. Which takes a lot outta you. He almost had his hands lost. Such a big factor. You know, you think about perceived skills. No, come on Gunner. You think about perceived skills versus current level after a guy gets rocked. You know, you think he's still the same guy that he was early in the fight, but when you got rocked man, oh bro, you're out of it.


Yeah, Well look at Acheff and Avera like he clipped him and then like immediately passes his guard and finish him. Yep. Yeah. Yep. Or even Uncle Iev and Pereira second round he gets rocked and then he is kind of not the same after that. Trigger shy. Yeah. Much more defensive after that. Forgot the game plan a little bit. Kept getting his back to the cage bro. I saw a good breakdown of Uncle I of standup against Pereira. It was very high level. Super impressive. Especially taking away the front hand C He's doing this circular motion with his hand and taking away angles. Apparently they run that rematch back. Oh we got him down. Announced it almost nice.


They're gonna run it back. I'm sure they have to have to. That's the big fight in that division. And if Pereira can come in healthy, he's Oh, oh we got him down. But he's another one. He's too active. Too active. But he's smart too 'cause he's 36, 3 7. He's like, I gotta go man. I gotta make as much money as possible. He's done that. He's made become an all time great in you know, three years. Which is crazy. You give ten eight first round, gotta be ten eight. Right. It's hard to say because Gunner had 'em down for a while. Yeah. You know, I mean judges, I doubt he Got 'em in Oma plot two. He did rock him at the end. Yeah. I count those And unfortunately they don't count like veneer submissions. I think near submissions are big.


I'm with you Eddie. If they're Close it should be ten eight. Like Olivea versus arm Manukian. I feel like Olivea almost had him a couple times where And what he had, What did he have in a DAR and was it Darce? Guillotine. Guillotine. If It's cinched up, if you have something cinched up and then that's a lot. You know the shame about that fight. Even a Triangle. Yes. The shame about that close that fight should have been five rounds. That's five rounds. Charles probably wins that You you but yeah, I think so too. Maybe. I mean who knows, who knows? But he would've a better chance. But if you count like near submissions as like much more points, you get no credit. You don't get credit like you do if you rock a guy. I know, but it is, it's, it's you're close to finishing a fight. But to to that same point like with Alex Pierre defending 12 take downs.


12 for 12 you get no fucking credit. Right. The guy attempted 12 take downs. You couldn't do it. That guy gets no points, Points, points. Who should get credit? The guy defend the take down. No You don't get credit. You get credit for like not getting hit. Well you get a little bit. A little bit. Yeah, a little bit. I Don't think you should get credit for defense. The Big credit is the submission attempts. Yeah. With that for offense Real for offense, not defense. He's going to it again can Imagine you get points for escaping an arm bar. Like that would be retarded. That'd be dope. See this is interesting right? Because Kevin was doing a lot of damage at the end of the first, but a lot of it was on the back. And then here you got Gunner takes him down after unsuccessfully taking him down for like three minutes and he's doing something, he's on top.


Oh he won this round for sure. Right. But no, nothing's happening. Did he know what hear Really? I'm Saying yeah you gotta take Down Yeah that wind's right. But you know what I'm saying, like nothing's happening. He didn't do shit. He's not getting any damage and Kevin didn't do anything. True. Yeah. So, so in that they sit situation, nothing happened. He took a down You, you give it to Gunner for sure. You give It to gun. Hundred percent. Yeah. But it's not as good as like a guy rocking you. I know right? It's exactly. There's a difference. I Feel like the whole scoring system is fucked. Both those rounds are not 10 nines. The second round's a ten nine first round. How is that a ten nine? He almost knocked him out. They should be able survive. Should 10, they should be able To 10. They could have Stopped it right at the end. He got saved by the be he like boxing. How is that Not a ten nine when a guy gets dropped it's automatically a ten eight. Yes. Yeah.


Yeah. I thinks guy's in trouble today. Yeah I think that's a good move. Yeah. When a guy gets dropped but then you got, you know fights like where a guy gets dropped and gets up and drops the other guy like you know it evens out. Yeah, I guess. I think even rounds are okay. Like sometimes it close. I think they need so close more comprehensive scoring system. Yes. I think the whole ten nine is crazy 'cause we just took it from boxing and we're like okay, that's a established point system for fighting but you're using it with something that has all these different elements. Take down submission, octagon control. There's so many more factors in the you at the people s scoring it. These judges, half of 'em, dunno what the fuck they're looking at. That's a good fight. Moreno and eg. That EG guy almost beat Panto.


That's us. We, we are doing EBI in Mexico City the next day. Oh. So that's Saturday next day EBI 23. The Featherweights with strikes. We're bringing back strikes in EBI. Ooh. Hell yeah. Strikes or combat. There's Enough sub Only Combat Juujitsu. Combat Jiu-jitsu. So Slaps. Yeah Slaps combat Jitsu. And you could punch the body. It was born In EBI Can you punch the body, you Could punch to the, you could strike to the body. Just you could strike anywhere. Punch. Not punch your calm open hand to the body. Boss root style. Yeah. That's the next Sunday on UFC Fight pass Practicing their body strikes. Are they like working on that? Oh Jesus. They should. Kevin's so dangerous in Thelan. He's hitting him with hard body shots man. The Clint.


Oh, elbow over the top. Oh knee, good knee. Kevin's gotta go for broke because he probably won the first round. I think he won the first round for sure. For sure. Second round. No. So this is it. And Kevin needs to win. He's laying some uppercuts. Oh, gunner's in deep. Gunner's in deep. Always out of it. He, he doesn't have his hands locked anymore on the buddy. He trying to get out. Oh, he got him. He's trying off the cage. He got him full mount. Full mount. Oh shit. Kevin, here it is in trouble. Kevin's in trouble. Gunner now's in full amount. Third. Third round Grapevine in the legs. He rushed in the back taking the first round though.


He should take his time from here. Yep. I mean, but he's got Time. Take his feet off the cage. The fact that he's Not was feet off the cage. The fact that he's not digging for Underhooks right now. It is kind of scary. Well He should have took his feet off the cage. Like, like why, why won't you immediately go for the Underhook? Yeah. That like what, what was your plan in the mount Under hooks and at least take his feet off the cage. That's what got him out. You shouldn't be on Hises. You're not supposed to dig your toes in the face. Gordon. Gordon, if you were in the mountain right there, you would immediately grab the Underhook and under Jack to like an arm triangle, right? Yeah. Underhook. Right. Underhook. Well the first thing is to circle his feet off the cage because that gives him, you're Saying circle him to the center of the octagon or facing, gon feet towards the Yes. Because the bridge off the cage just gives you a immensely Correct.


Totally. But but besides that under That and under, Yeah under Jack arm triangle. Yeah. Right. Oh damn. Look at that. Oh he's gonna knock him out with that. Oh those are good. He should really, he Knocked Jacque Gray out from the bottom. Yep. From Guard. How about Henzel? On Oleg to tar. Oh yeah, that shit. Oh that Upkick. That was the first time we saw like an effective Upkick. Yeah. And then Jerry Bolander on, He is gonna pass him here. I know Mate. Or Fabio? Elle. Oh he's passing him. He's got the back. He's got one hook. I think there's probably like 10 up. Oh there it is. Arm triangle. There it is. He's got a right Across the Kevin's left hip.


He's gotta mount him. Just, he's gotta pass the guard. He's gotta get his left knee across. Left from Half guard. Knee. Knee. His left hip. Can he not play enough pressure in half guard? It's hard from half guard, but It depends if he has a good lockdown or not. If he had a good lockdown he would survive. But he's just got Why he's not passing the guard here. I'm not sure. It's also hard for him to dismount from here because the cage is in the way. He's got, Even if he does mount there Goes here comes the mount. Here it Comes. Okay. So now he's gonna try to either mount him or move The side control knee through. But he's kind of like, he's kind of wedged in place by the cage. He Should be able to, there it is. Here comes here he goes, here it comes. He's probably just, he probably knows what's up. He just waiting till Catches His breath.


Oh. Should not take the back, the back row. Kevin's that was nice by Kevin. That Was really nice. That's why you got him out. That's why You got Gunner should have switched back to a tight waist when Kevin went to roll out. Kevin Should break free here. You should break free here and start teeing off on him. Gunner held onto to the trying arm triangle too long. He should have mounted in my, in my opinion like, like all arm triangles in my opinion should be in the mount. Once you start going side control, there's too many escapes. The escapes are too easy. Well He should have at least set it better for mount. Yeah. Like it wasn't set like it should have mounted him some knees. Oh. Oh shit. Big knee. Kevin's gonna come at him hard here. Yeah He is. He's got to, she can't get taken down. Oh another knee.


Another knee. Damn. This is gonna be a hard one to score. Super hard to score. Trying to go for a darce. It looks like it. You look like you thought about it. Yeah, he's looking for it for sure. Disengage Kevin. I know right. Especially now. He's got double Unders. Yeah this guy's hands locked And he had times to disengage and he's got an advantage in the striking huge advantage but also like so exhausted at this point in the fight. Yeah, he was probably trying to arrest Total strikes Kevin.


130 gunner. 20 gunner's gonna win it you think? Unless ke Kevin catches him three seconds to go. So ten nine. Ten nine gunner. But then ten eight in the first round. What is that a draw? Is that a draw? No. Do you do ten nine hauling first Round? It's gonna be a draw Ten nine. If they gave him ten eight for the first round, the Guy was saved by the bell. How do you not Give him a ten eight? No, I agree. But it doesn't mean mean that the judges agree. The judges are goofy. Yeah, judges are goofy. It all Depends. It depends. Do they, I don't think they hand out 10 eights now. Do They? Do they still have Adela Bird?


Does she still work? I don't know. That's a good question. She was Awesome. She was the best. That's a good question. What is this movie? It's a truck commercial. For what movie? For Ford. This is a truck. It's a Ram. Yeah, It's a truck woman in the yard? No, it's a movie only in theaters Friday. Oh I'm, oh, you're looking at something different. Yeah, I delay. I was like that's a truck commercial. Oh are you looking at like ESPN plus different commercials? The new Rapid coming out? Yeah. Oh, weird. Yeah, I have a, I have a different commercial right now too. Oh, how weird. I have like, so it's different commercials depending upon where you, where you look. Yeah, It's weird. It's both my, they're my accounts too, so Yeah.


I have a hiring ZipRecruiter ad So. So I think Jan's next. Yeah. Jan Oberg next. So what's the guess? Oh man, give us some volume. Jamie. I think Gunner takes it. Yeah. Go Has a good point. With All the control Gunter had with these judges. Draw. Yeah, draw. No, I I think they give Gunter could be a draw. I gunner a split. Either the draw or Gunter split. Kevin Hol Gowin Wins. Gunner split. Three judges For this contest. Oh it's Gunner winner Decision. Kevin. Oh. Told you.


Wow. Good for Kevin. Man. They gave, that's legit. They gave him that third round. Yeah. Damage. I don't have a, he was a, he did All the damage even though Gunner had control of him. He did the dam. Gunner did. He did have an arm triangle. Did arm triangle. Yeah. And he did take him down. Yeah. But Kevin definitely did more damage to him. Almost had his back a couple times. Yeah, true. True. I think it should have been a draw. It could have been a draw. I mean Kevin looked surprised When they announced him. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Good for Kevin. He needs it Either way. Yeah, he's saying I knew it could go either way.


Kevin at one 70. That's, that's his spot. Yeah, that's his spot. He's beat some good guys man. He, he's got legit championship potential. How about a rematch with him and Joaquin Buckley at one 70. That would be crazy. You know Is Joaquin Buckley the guy that did that crazy kick out? Yeah bro. He's a monster at one 70. No problem. At one 70. He's a monster. He beat the shit outta Colby. He's so motivated too. Kolby Coton? Yeah. Kevin Holland. No, Colby got his ass whipped by Joaquin Jo. Joaquin Buckley forgot about that Fight. Did that, how did that go down? Knockout. He Just beat the shit out the fucking stop the fight. Defend the take down. Just beat the show. He beat the shit out of him. Stop the fight. Beat the shit. Stop the fight. Yeah.


One 70. He's a monster. Colby Coton. Yeah. He stopped the fight. Yeah, Jo. Recently or early in his career. Beat his ass few months ago. Damn, I missed that. Kobe's last fight's. Joaquin's a real problem at one 70. He's super motivated. Amazing genetics. Super explosive and fast. Like very disciplined. Gets better every fight. Crazy cardio at one 70 Once, once. So that being, that musclebound, that muscle. It's his work ethic man. He's got crazy work ethic, you know. And did you see that video he made for Bilal? No. It's like he was like explaining like you got what I want, like is this whole thing talking about his life, what he needs. Great. Take care of his grandmother. Like he was like intense. Yeah. He's like, I'm coming for you boy.


It's intense. Yeah, that's, he's a real threat at one 70 big time. But I would love to see that. Is she coming Back? No, She's done. She got boobies now. Yeah, that's the man. Remember when he fought Ryan Hall, no one knew who he was. Oh yeah. You know he smashed him duck. Yeah. I would say in, in a tough position. Say what would you say Gordon? Like 80%, 85% of UFC fighters aren't ready for the high, high level leg locks. Right. That's like Brian Hall came in and he was just leg lock dudes. Yeah. Weren't quite ready. 'cause 'cause MMA fighters aren't really training.


They're not focused on it. They're not focused on Jiujitsu. He at the high level. But then, but but see and Ryan Hall was, he ripped through some people with leg locks then. But he bj. Yeah. Which is crazy. Yeah. But then he hits Toia, how do you say his Name? Yeah, Toia. Toia. Ilia. That was the first guy like, oh shit, this guy knows how to defend leg locks. Like who is he? Who's his coach? He's got a, I'm not sure. A famous guy. I, yes he's been, he was working with someone legit. I maybe it was like balance studios or something. I don't know. But that was sometimes you're gonna run into guys that you cannot leg lock and when it's all greasy But, but also you get to a certain level where guys can stop your game at leg lots.


And if you don't have striking, you get exposed. That's why Ryan doesn't fight a lot. He was well versed in Poya. How do you say it again? Toia. Toia. Ryan Hall had like nine surgeries. Yeah. Over the last like maybe more didn't Yeah, Josh Waits can, he was 23 Is what I looked up. That's nuts. He's not that active. And I know he is turned down a lot of matchups too. Perfect. What is he getting surgery on? That's 23,000. Is he still fighting? Kept having problems is what What it was. Ryan Hall's still fighting. He's still under contract but he, I know he is turned down a bunch of fights. Yeah, it's probably like, nah man, 19 Under general. I'm good for him. I like his style. I, I like 19 under, You Can throw head kicks, general anesthesia. Yeah. He's put out 19 times. Yeah. That can't be good for you. You get put put to sleep. 19 times 19 General anesthesia surgeries, some procedures need to be redone due to complications.


Jesus Christ. Holy fuck man. What, what is, what is his injuries? 21 General anesthesia surgeries since that fight. Sorry. 19. There were two prior. That's crazy. What happened To 'em? I don't, they kept having issues AC So at 21 General anesthesia surgeries. When I got fallen on, tore my ACL had to fix a planter plate. Got fallen on again. Had to have a tightrope surgery on that one. That Pat Mahomes and a couple other people have had ACL, got infected, had a couple of septic arthritis. Tightrope was actually allergic to the hardware they put in me somewhere. Somehow had to have that redone. It's been interesting, but back on the end of it.


On the back end of it rather. Wow. That's crazy boy. Wow. It's a, I had no idea. That's so many surgeries. I thought he Retired. That's crazy. How many surgeries have you had? One. Just one? Yeah. My LCL. Yeah. I've been injured a lot. But just one surgery. Yeah. Was that from a leg lock? No. Eddie Cummings. No, Eddie broke my ankles a bunch of times, but that was when I competed against you out Rocia. I was going for a leg lock entry and he was like two 70. That's right. He jumped towards my head. That's What happened to Eddie. Dude. I don't know, he just like disappeared one day and then apparently he was like training like pretty recently at ZOS and Unity.


But he just like stopped training Jiujitsu forever. Got a real job. I, I think. And then That guy was vicious man. So Good, So smart. I was, I was standing over him as he ripped through everybody with leg locks. I'm like god damn he was on, he was on some other shit. You know what I mean? He was, yeah. Vicious. And then you hear from his training partners that man, he, he went hard right in the, in the training room. He went after legs. He just, He did, he did go hard. Yeah. It's weird when guys would get that good and just stop When after he retired he still put out a couple like videos, little ins, little short instructional on Instagram and this one he put out for the Z lock.


That to me is the, the best leg in my opinion. The Z lock, the one he showed. That's the best. I'm Gonna go pee real. It's not a sad story. If you wanna do something cool that he just want to do, it's kind of dope that he is like, fuck it, I'm over it. If he, if he went on to make money, he's doing well. You know? Yeah. Depends What he's doing. What Do you think is the best leg lock? One leg lock you're gonna teach your students? Just one leg lock entry and one heel hook. What's it gonna be? Well, insofar as breaking mechanics or No like they say they got the breaking mechanics down and just which where's where your, the leg gonna be. Which leg entanglement are you gonna choose? Which one's the best? Obviously it's not DOA, it's not outside Ashi.


Right. And not just regular Ashi either. That one's Too. No Basic Backside 50 50 is pretty good. Right when you go go. 'cause I hear from backside 50 50 coming in from K Guard, right? Yeah I hear like from my guys, I'm not like the biggest leg locker, but I pay attention to my guys and they're saying that the entry into backside 50 50 is awesome but you don't really generally get the tap there. You, there's gonna be some kind of scramble and some kind of spin. You can, but the guy can high leg over. If you trap the far leg, the secondary leg, then you can get finishes belly down with it. Which is why it's a good position. But the, a good guy is always gonna, is always gonna limp leg and and strip the grip.


Which is why I believe that probably the best position in terms of not having the guy come forward and crush you or hit you and strong catastrophic braking mechanics is probably cross hashi, gura your guys' honey hole. So that's still the best Double trouble. Yeah. So you feed still the best, you feed the one leg across, so the legs are split. So you have like an achilles lock here? Yeah. And they for the heel and then you go in and Okay. And Lock up. It's still the best. Okay. But my highest percentage finish is that position. But with the leg fed on the outside. For the outside heel hook, That's like Z lock ish, right? Yeah, kind of. Yeah. Yeah. So because z lock is basically double trouble with the outside heel hook. Correct.


And And instead of triangle in your legs stomping on the inside. Yeah, you can get foot to foot. What is that what you guys call it? Foot to foot? Yeah. That's huge. That's like game changer right there. Yeah. And that right there just the straight ankle lock is the most powerful straight ankle lock from that position right there. With that Within on the outside? Yeah. Strong. Oh no that the secondary leg. Yeah. That straight ankle lock and the Aoki Right? Yeah. Aoki strong as well. How Crazy are Aoki? Aoki are a lot like dead orchards. Where in the, the first time I seen a Aoki is, it's from shiny Aoki. It seemed like he was going for just a straight ankle lock. But dude, I forget his opponent. Opponent was, but his, his foot almost slipped out. So it was a straight, it looked like a straight ankle lock that he almost pulled his foot out.


But it got caught and it twisted. Yeah. It gives you The rotation. Yeah. Yeah. And it, and everyone thought, maybe not everyone, but I thought, oh, that's one of those, You know, freak things that You can, you don't actually plan for it or set up for it. It just happens. Sometimes they pull out of ankle locks. And so sometimes, like an Oma Plata, sometimes when they try to pull out their arm with Oma Plata, it gets caught and they tap in the arm bar. It's not like you set it up, it's like a freak thing. They try to get out, but it got caught and then they tap. Well, You can, so that's what I thought the Aoki was, but it turns out, fuck no, that's, it seems like the Aoki is, is top two leg lock finishes in the grappling world today. It's just people get, 'cause it's so good to to counter with them.


Correct. Yeah. No, you get, you get, you get good finishes with, with AOIs. What's Aoki? It's an ankle lock, but when they slip their, their le their their heel out, it's still like, it's like you're going for an ankle lock and they almost pull out the leg and then it turns into a heel hook. So it's half ankle lock, half heel hook. Huge. It's like the most powerful shit right Now. It's not mechanically as strong as the heel hook though, because when you go for heel hooks, you're physically bridging your hip into the knee. Yeah. Whereas with ioes, the knee is turned out. So you're bridging, you're not bridging into the knee in a way to break it. Yeah. Whereas with like an inverted he hook, for example, you have a good, strong connection. You have a good, strong connection. But when you go to bridge, you see like a, you see how he, you see you, you said he's not bridging into the hip.


Yeah. So with a heel hook, you're bridging directly into the hip. So it's the, it's the full extension of your body into the knee. So the upper leg is pinned through the leg position. Yeah. And then your dripping position is what's manipulating the foot. And, and scroll down a little bit, Jamie. And look at the guy on the, the, that one on the right. The one you had the big one on the right. That now we can't see it on the right. That one right there. Can you blow that up? And the dude doing the AOI lock his right leg the way I think people are calling that a shadow hook or whatever. Silverado. He's a catch wrestler. Brazilian catch wrestler showed me that when I was a white belt. I remember Silverado, the straight ankle. Remember he used to do that? Yeah, he used to do that. And I thought like, ah, this ain't this, this is nothing.


So I, I always just, I never really fucked with it. But now it's back strong. Like Helena CVaR is doing this exact thing. This is like her main move. Silverado had a lot of Gene LaBelle stuff. Yeah. It was a catch wrestling thing. You know, a lot of that. This is the great position because like with the guy who's attacking his right leg, usually the guy's trying to peel it off the hip. Yeah. So when you peel it off the hip, that butterfly hook comes in and then normally you would throw that left leg over. So now you can't step over the, you can't disengage. The legs is easy. And Dude putting his right leg there, if he put it traditionally, you'd put it on the hip that you could get countered with he hooks or a, a naoki. Yeah. So that's huge.


Like a regular Ashi. Everyone's like, I got guys that just let dudes put him in Ashi so they could take that foot and, and it's a hole. It's a game changer. And also because the right foot foot is on the inside position, it makes it hard for the guy in defense, the the the defensive guy. Yeah. To push forward into you. Yes. It makes it hard for him to come forward because the Aoki, you have to push into the lock. Yeah. Put your foot deeper to boot it. But the butterfly hook stops it. The butterfly actually stops you from pushing the foot in deeper. Yeah. The guy who there was, I, I don't know. I think the first guy to really, really master it was the Polish guy. So we're, what's his name? He found, he's, he, he Armard Gary Toin, that guy.


What's his name? Mattias. Shaki. Shaki. Yeah. Yeah. Like Shaki, that guy. Yeah. Everyone talks about him. I've never trained with him, but apparently he was like, he was Around The gym and he'd just been breaking everybody's shit. Exactly. So it was we're and he was doing his legs just like that, you know? Yeah. It was the Aoki with that leg entanglement. We were calling it the Polish ao. Yeah. Mm. You know, and he's a bad motherfucker, man. Well, it's difficult because the butterfly hook doesn't allow you to stack. He doesn't allow you to come forward and push your foot deeper. Yeah. I'd never forget Silverado showing me that as, as a white belt. And I'm thinking, really it, Ken Shamrock puts his leg up here. Why would you do that? I was like learning shit off Ken Shamrock. I learned, I I got into toeholds as a white belt.


'cause Ken Shamrock had this instructional where he's in jeans and no shirt. He's all tanned in Yolk. He looked like a Chippendales guy. And he's with some Japanese guy and they're, he's going over toll holds, like standing over a guy's guard and grabbing the foot and doing a toe hold. And I'm like, whoa, what is he doing with the foot? And I could never get on top of anybody. I was always, I, I pulled, I, I've taken down one person my whole life. And that was in wrestling. I had one wrestling takedown. I had one wrestl. I had wrestled two years, got one takedown because I was afraid to break my teeth. Everyone's missing teeth. I didn't wanna shoot. I go, you shooting i'll sprawl. I'm like, you shoot i'll sprawl. I got a good front headlock.


I got a good front headlock, but I can't, I had zero takedowns. Unless it's a dude that doesn't wrestle. Like when I would, I got in a couple street fights here and there. I was never, I was always a pussy growing up. I was never a tough guy. But every now and then, You know, I wrestled and I never looked at wrestling as a martial art. I looked at his pussy fighting. I go, dude, I'm not a fighter. No one thinks I'm a fighter. I don't have a reputation to uphold. But if anybody fucks with me, I'm gonna double egg him and just hold him until the principal breaks aside. You know what I mean? I was like, dude, I was grounding and pounding in ninth grade. I would take dudes out. I I fought this one soccer player. His name was Csad. He was talking a lot of shit. And I go, dude, he'll probably kick my ass, but he can't stop my take down 'cause this dude don't wrestle.


So I'd take him down and I would just like get side control and like barely punch his stomach and wait for someone to pull me off. And I, Dude, I mean I survived. And then when I saw hoist fighting UFC two, I'm like, You can fight on the ground and not be a pussy. That's why I joined Juujitsu. I'm like, oh my God, this is my shit. I thought fighting on the ground was pussy fighting. I'm like, it's it's, it's accepted and respected and that's hilarious. Okay. That's, that's what got me into Juujitsu. Change the game. Here we go. Oberg. Here we go. Oberg Yam. Bo Hovi. Dude, I'm gonna, dude, we, I scheduled this. I thought it was gonna be at one and, and I gotta get outta here like in 10 minutes. Oh, No worries. Let's see what happens in 10 minutes. My flight got pushed. Eddie, it's at eight now.


Oh, they, it got pushed. I got mine is at seven. So There You go. Make sure it's on time though. Bo Hovi is 42, but it's a Polish 42. That's different genetics bro. That's Some, is that older or younger? Old school. Viking. So if you, you're a Polish 42. I think they are You older or you younger? What do you say younger? I don't know. They shoulders Are a bit of 42. Yeah, well we'll see. We'll see, we'll see. Like look what happened with Erie. Erie got his shoulders fixed. No problem at all. That's true. He look great. He look amazing. But then Johnny, Johnny Walker and his shoulders fix and Yeah, but that's a lot of damage too. Johnny Walker's been k so many times.


It, it's also just such a big jump up in talent for Oberg. It is. He beat, he beat os de mayor but before that he really hadn't fought anybody. This is a world champion John. You find a world champion and a guy who two years who's real determined to get back to the belt. You gotta realize like he had to a draw with an Goliath. Almost won the title there. Real close to beating Pereira. Yeah. Real close fight beat Izzy. You know he's still a monster. Oh dude. Even though he is 42 Savage and he wins this one. He's right there. Hard low kick by Jan. He's right there for the title shot. Yes. Well he's always the guy that people forget about in this division. One big win over Oberg. He's right back in the hunt.


And he would be a logical guy to fight next after. On Imp Pere there's a story for either one. Yeah, both of them. And Clive majorly. 'cause there's a draw. Yeah. Yeah. He's fucking dangerous too. I mean that power's the last thing to go. And Jan's got ridiculous power. Remember that Rockhold Ko like Jesus Dude, that was like a murder Bro. He's a how about the fucking Dominic Reyes one? He like ran up to him after he was already down. Like with a running start. Yeah. At him with a second punch. You remember when he kicked Dominic Reyes in the body? You see his whole foot on Reyes' body. He's such a hard dude. Oh, solid jab.


Holbert definitely has a speed advantage. He does. But be Hovi has a massive experience advantage. Massive. Check that with a hard low kick too. He has that Rottweiler head. Remember when he went Shin Dechen with Lia just fucked his legs up. He's like, let's see, he's got the harder shins, blah. Him and Kali were just tough fucking humans man. But there's so many tough guys in this division. I mean, Yuri would be the champion if it wasn't for Alex. There's so many good guys that Yuri fight with Jamal Hill was crazy. Rackets no punk either. Oh no. But you know Yuri k Odom and yeah uncle, I beat him in a decision in his last fight.


Jan looks good though. He doesn't look like he's 42. He looks like a legit contender. He's just so much experience, you know? And he's so good at pacing himself and staying calm. Remember throwing three rounds too. That's true. But that Berg's first fight was three rounds as well. Yeah. You know the the Kennedy fight? Yep. I mean this is a big step up man. Big step up. Oh, high kick. Oh they announced Roundtree and Hill. Ooh, when's that?


I'm not sure. Soon. Ooh, that's exciting. That's a great fight. That is a great fight. He just went shit to shit with Oberg. I bought that Jeep yesterday. And the lady goes, oh my, my cousin fights in the UFC. And usually I'm like, oh really? I'm like, who's your cousin? She's all, ah, he Jamal Hill. I'm like, oh fuck yeah, a badass girl. April 26th, Kansas City. Oh shit. That Kansas City car's tasty. Mm Yeah. That's a good fight night. Finally. Ooh, Jan's winning the battle of the Low kicks. He's checking Obergs. Berg's not landing, is he? No, he's landing a few now.


Oh there's a good one. Shin de Shin. Nothing's taster in that Miami card coming up though. Ooh, that Miami car's good. That's a fucking tree. Ooh, that's good. Yay. And Pitbull. Ooh. I swear to God, if I have problems with you Pen Plus I'm gonna lose my shit. And John Silva versus Bryce. Not Pit. Not pit Bull. From Bellator. Yes, he's with now. Oh shit. I did not know this. Hear Rodriguez on the main card, they bumped up the main card. Well they don't have a picture of 'em. That's outrageous. Get a picture of the show. Bellator wouldn't send it. That's crazy. Be's like, nah. Have him post your own pictures. Have him post for a picture. Jesus Christ. Christ. Take a selfie on your fucking cell phone. The fuck. Take your shirt off. Yeah bro. Mess up. Have your girl send it in. Yeah. Yeah. We'll black out the background.


Oh, good job by Oberg. Guys, I gotta you leaving dog. You out brother. Love You man. Love you. Thank you man. Gordon, great hanging. Yes sir. Thank you. See you soon. Good to see you my brother. Love You. See you man. Love you too man. See you. See buddy. Your son play tomorrow Eddie. Yep. I'll be there too. I'll see you Man. Yep. See you brother. Bro. I love when I run the Eddie, Eddie at the baseball fields. 'cause he's a vet. Like my kid's only nine. He's been doing it two years. But he's been in it for thick. He has everything. Backpack, water, just the whole tent. The seat. He loves being a dad. Yeah. We always run each other at the baseball fields. It's awesome to see. Yeah, my kiddos met him for the first time like two weeks ago. Oh that's crazy.


I was like, that's Uncle Eddie. Like uncle the fuck's Uncle Eddie right there. Jungle. This is a boring ask commercials. Come on. So brutal. Let's go, let's go. You see the bare knuckle fighting? He is gonna have hockey fights. They're gonna have fights with skates on, on ice. Yeah. Bare knuckle boxing with hockey skate on. Yeah, I know. I don't, I don't know. Gimmick. There's some weird shit, man. That's gimmick. They have car juujitsu now. You have seen that in Russia, bro. You know they offered me and Brian to fight each other in car Juujitsu. Brian Cowen. Yeah.


Why would they do that to Brian? They offered, they're like, they're like, yeah, they go, they didn't pitch me. They pitched Brian. They go, it'd be really fun for you and Brendan to do car jujitsu. And Brian goes like, seriously? And the guy goes, yeah, would you guys be down? Do it? Brian's like, no. He's like, I'm not gonna fucking go and chop and car shit to You're a hundred pounds bigger fucking and a black belt. Fucking yeah. It's ridiculous. Brian, what the fuck you doing me with a seatbelt? That's so ridiculous. Yeah, it would be funny. You'd be talking shit. Shit. Yeah. While you tie him up. Yeah, it'd be funny. Oh, here we go. Round two. That first round's hard to score, huh? Yeah, probably give it to Jan. I think I give it to Jan.


Jan looked like you got the best of it. Ooh, swinging a miss. How's that shoulder? We will get a better round from O Oberg here because You know, it's new to him. He's fighting a vet at this level. He looks good. He's a fast motherfucker That take down fate. Really got a reaction. Yeah, I did. Good time. Great fate. But he's not really a wrestler. Fuck no. Oh, Jan's looking for bombs.


Those light kicks gonna be a problem. He didn't start checking them. God, I remember when Jan fought Izzy. Yeah. What a nightmare. Matchup. Yeah. Just too big. Too big. But Izzy also tried to do 2 0 5 with no weight gain. He just tried to like weigh when He cut less Didn't, don't think he cut anything. I don't think he cut up one 90 something. But if they would've gave like, I mean Grant you wanted to fight for the title, but if they would've gave him like Yuri or something, that'd be a funner matchup. Oh, that'd be crazy. Yuri. Is he? It's fun. Yeah. That's dangerous. But fucking y. Well, Jan walks at two 40. Yuri looks so good in the Jamal Hill fight. He, he's, he's turned a corner.


He's a different guy now. He's one of my favorites. Oh, one of my favorites for sure. Guaranteed fireworks. And that guy fights. Oh, oh he, he landed that right hand guaranteed fireworks when? When Yuri fights nonstop action. Just such a fucking warrior. And so like dedicated to the way, you know he's an interesting cat thin for light heavy. Oh, big shots there. Jan starting to land now that, Ooh, the body's legit. Interesting. Oberg favored. That's interesting. It was right off the faint too. Fainted. The take down. Went right to the collar. Right, right to the tie clench.


He's a little lighter on his feet this round. He's hitting the legs a lot too In this round for sure. That inside low kick. He just slapping though. He is not ki like Right. Beyond's leg kicks. It's fucking doing damage. It's thudding. But he score like that one right there. That was painful. It's changed in his position. Yeah. That was painful. Yeah, that was a hard one. Well Jan, you know, had a Moay Hai career before MMA. He's a legit moay Hai fighter. Slightly lighter. He was like fighting at 200 I think.


Did you look into an i's background? The motherfuckers never lost in anything. Well he lost to Paul Craig. It's true. I'm saying before he got to the U ffc, you look at his background, it's like Jesus. And even that fight, he was winning that fight. Yeah. He just slept on the triangle and got wrapped up with like, I think it was like two seconds ago or something crazy like that. One second. One second to go. That's so Brutal. Nuts. That's so brutal. Because You know, you can hang in for one second. Yeah. Especially if you hear the, Even if you go to sleep, If you hear the claps for 10 seconds. Yeah bro. It's like just pass out at that point. Yeah. It must have been tight. Yeah. Ride it out man. Yeah, it's like jail and Anderson. You're like, what the fuck are you doing?


Dominating for four rounds. I know. That's the craziest one. That's wild. That's just self-sabotage. And that's just Anderson coming in with a broken rib. Oberg definitely seems like he's landing more this round. But the damaging shots are behove. They scored damage number one, but you know. But Oberg is scoring more like those jabs right there. Correct. Jan's just having a hard time closing the distance. And this is only round two. Damn. It's been, besides that girl fight against Molly, it's been all decisions again.


Well Molly retired too. I forgot she did. She, that makes sense. Yeah. There's a certain like skill gap. You can't, you can't bridge, you know, there's not enough hours in the day. Yeah. Not enough hours in the day. Not enough time. You're in your life. You're older, you're in your late thirties. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know how old she is, but she's in her thirties for sure. It's like some of 'em, they just get to a point. Jalen Turner was crazy 'cause he said when he beat up Bobby Green, like after that he lost his appetite for fighting. That was that one with real late stoppage. That's, that was Austin. That was bad. That was a bad one. You say he knew then, right? It was kinda over. He was just like, I don't wanna hurt anybody anymore. I don't wanna do that. I get it.


I mean he liked Bobby Green too. They were friends. I get it. So they like to put it on your friend like that. And then, and then All the unnecessary punches. The referee should stopped that fight quite a bit. Before that Was where he was already out, right? Yeah. He was just getting attacked. I don't remember who ref that fight, but that was, that was a bad one. Yeah, he was like, he was a belly down. Right. Just getting fucking, Just hammered. Just smashed. Yeah. Bobby hasn't won a fight since he changed is his name to King. So he is like, fuck that. Call me Bobby. Now he's going back to Bobby. Is he? Yeah. For real. He didn't wanna fight since. Yeah, he's, he's like, it's, I'm changing back to Bobby. That's hilarious because oh three since she changed to King, that wheel kick. Wow. Oh my goodness. Mauricio Rufi is dangerous, bro.


Trouble, he like a giant con, you know? Yeah, that's exactly, he really is. He moves like Connor, he is got that kind of style. But that's, he's styled with like cardio wise. Like you're in the third round. You're so explosive. Oh yeah. You, you just can't run at that high gear for rounds. Exactly. It's so fast. Twitch based. Yep. It's not a good style for a longevity unless you're real sparing with your attacks and you have to have complete control. So if a guy malls you and just comes at you with a lot of combinations and hits you with a pace. Yeah, you're kind of fucked. It's hard. Yeah. They catch up here, you get a grappler can avoid the big shots. Then in the third round you're fucked. And obviously that weight class is filled with talent. There's so much talent there. I was discussing with Guy, I won't say who it was, who it is.


He's, he's coming back to UFC and his buddy's like, he's like, man, what matchup do you think? He's like, we just need to get him an easy matchup first. His first one. I'm like, buddy, it's 2025 in the UFC. There's no cake walks. Yeah. There's no, there used to be Cakewalks. There was guys like, thank God they gave me him. There's really not that with the contender series. Like there's, it's just full of these young fucking lions. Yeah. You've never heard of the guys that zero fights in the UFC are super fucking dangerous. That's what's crazy. Zero fights and they come in at a world class level and they're like well-rounded everything. Especially these motherfuckers from Russia. Yeah. There's so many dagger stand guys that are coming in and you're like, good lord they're so dangerous. There's no gimme fights anymore.


No. Oberg seems to be out pointing him here. A little, A little more active. Yeah. Like right there. Definitely still speed advantage. And Jan hasn't landed any big shots to the head. Like the big one that's gonna really change the course of the fight. No, he looks a little slower. Well he's just dealing with a very tall fast dude. It's gonna get weird for Jan. He loses this one. You're off two years. The division of the state. It's in It's tough man. Well we'll see. It's still three minutes to go. How fucking crazy is MMA? It's like Alki. Before he lost those two he was like, there's arguing. He was the pound for pound number one.


He was on the like number two. And then three months later he's not even on the list. Yep. Neon Edwards. Yep. Before he lost Bilal was I think number five. Pound for pound. Now he's not. Not even on the list. This one you're kind of fucked. MM a's wild man. Yeah. With another good strong low kick. But he needs more than that. He needs some head shots. He needs to get the judge's attention. I wonder what the live odds are right now. Oberg for sure gotta be Oberg. Right? Just from a volume perspective. Yeah, just active.


He looks like he's gonna spin. That was Close. He's a heavily bladed good left hook, right hand. Starting to sit down as bunches now. Yeah, It's still close. Live Odds. Is it? Interesting. There You go. It's on screen Now. My yeah man. 1 4, 1 60. But still Berg's favorite. It's just Gianni's having a hard time connecting and Obergs not speed an issue. He's not slowing down. Berg's done such a much better job of pacing himself now. Yeah. And obviously he's in better condition too. Yes. And his distance. Like look, you can never stop hopping around. It's fucking tough. Take two years off, then you jump in with a killers rank.


Number six. Man. It's not easy. Especially a young dude all hungry beyond still trying to fucking, it's like gut Nelson taking two years off and jumping back in. It's fucking tough man. Good kick. See Sean Brady's favorite Is he? Yeah. Sean Brady's favorite. Over four and a half rounds is also Favorite. Yes. Interesting. Yes. This card has a potential to be, you know, if you're looking for knockouts, this might not be the one card for you. Be tough for Brady to stop Leon. Yeah. Very tough. It's gonna be interesting to see how he fares on the feet because Leon's such a technician on the feet.


He's such a sniper. But he is also gonna be super wary about the take down. But he's been trying to take people down to kind of like prove a point like he did with Kamar. Yeah. I hope he doesn't try to do that with Sean. Bad idea. Yeah, it's a different level. And, and Brady just, it's just like in the fifth round, you look at that Gilbert fight, it's like he had more take downs in the fifth round. Like his cardio's Insane. Yeah, he's very fit. Holberg seems to be walking away from it. Bergin getting a title shot after this one though. No, but it puts him in the top. Put him in the heat for Yeah. Top five. He just hasn't done anything like real spectacular where there's big moment Riston aware of Roundtree and Jamal Hill would be fun.


John's still pushing though man. He's going after him good low kick. He's like just outta range every time. Oh, oh. He clipped him with that left hand. Yeah. John can't get his range. Mm. Good fight. Solid fight. They're just yelling at each other. Fucking warriors. Just fucking guys being guys. Yeah. Just a couple of bros. Just a couple bros. Fist fighting. Shout at each other. Yeah. I think Berg probably got that decision. Yeah. Slight decision. I'm very interested to see how Sean deals with the standup. You know? 'cause Sean's standup has come a long way, but there's levels. Big, big difference.


Yeah. He's got like, but then there's a big difference on the feet too. Right? So it's all about who and and will the their will. Right, right. Well if, if Sean can get him down early like Bilal did, it'll be a big thing. And Bilal set the blueprint. Yes. Constant pressure. Yep. But I do think you have to take into consideration the fact that that was a 5:00 AM fight. Which is just nuts. I mean it sucks, but this you're pros, you know? I know, but like, like you just gotta go, man, how crazy is that? Like everybody in the audience has been drunk since two in the morning. They're like, yeah, it's tough. They're all exhausted. They're fucking filled with beer. You know? There's people sleeping. They were sleeping. Yeah, they were sleeping. It was so, they must be so exhausted.


I can't imagine going to see a fight at, that's the main event starts at five in the morning. I think the main event was like six in the morning. Yeah, that's that's rough. It's ridiculous. It's terrible. Why don't just do it this way? Just have the fights on early, you know? Because that, that was a pay-per-view. Right? Yeah. That's why. Yeah. But still have a pay-per-view at three in the afternoon. Who cares? I prefer it. Yeah. Who cares It? My night's free. It's Saturday. It's Saturday. People will still buy it. They watch football in the day. True. Why wouldn't they watch a big fight during the day? I just let 'em know in advance. It's 3:00 PM start. The only one who complaining is Tom Aspenal. 29, 28 Carlos.


Yep. Yep. Yeah. It's gonna get dicey for you on now. Good decision. Yeah. Hard hard road for him. Yeah. Sports man. You know, I mean two years off. Not really a tuneup fight. Tough fight. Fuck no, it's not. There's no tuneup fights. There's, that's what I'm saying. The U ffc, there's, there's not much they can do for you anymore. That's what's crazy. 'cause boxing I think has it right. When a guy hasn't been fighting for a while, give him some fucking shake off the dust. Give him a guy you don't know number. 30 guy right Outta Tijuana. Pop pop. The UFC doesn't have that. Yeah, I know. You gotta be ready to go. Yeah. And they don't have managers that like set their fighter up for victory either. No. Like on the undercard, like now you're gonna face a brawler.


Now you're gonna face a short guy. Bobs and weeds. Now you gotta face a tall guy. Yeah. They, you know they, by the time a guy gets to a championship level in boxing, they've been tried. They've seen it all tested. It's very systematic. UFC's not like that's so, I know. Did you see the Lamont Roach Davante Davis fight? Yes. Woo. I had Lamont Roach didn't you? Yeah. Yeah. Well especially with that knockdown. Yeah. Like that's a real lockdown. Wow. You take a knee that's ten eight round and they davante was I, I had something in my eye. I'm like, I don't give a fuck. You took a knee. Yeah, you took, you know the rules. That's the rules. That's the rules. Di the rules. And they didn't have the replay ready so the, they didn't look at replay box. So corrupt dude. It's a little bit, but Dan get involved in it.


Might help it perhaps. Yeah. Yeah. Or You know, you know, can't change the tiger stripes. Well what it's gonna, you, you see their pay structure, it's also far way out from getting done. 'cause guys are the contract. Is that pay structure legit though? Yeah. Was it legit? Yeah, that's the, the, I mean the pretty sure it's legit, but that, that actually helps boxing overall. The top dogs aren't gonna eat like they are now with 40, $50 million paydays. But the middle guys that can grow box and that's where, that's what what it's gonna do. Right. But if you want to get the top guys, you're gonna have to pay them. Correct. On that pay structure. You ain't getting any of the big fish. Yeah, you're not. They're like caught up. Obviously on Mill, they got Canelo to get away from the Jake Paul fight.


Right. Like Canelo was gonna fight Jake Paul. Which would've been crazy wild. And then they said, no, no, no, no, no. Turkey came along and said listen, open up the fucking case from Pulp Fiction. Yeah. Gold Case. Yeah. A that dude got All the money, huh? Yeah, they got so much money. They can do whatever they want. They could just throw money at the sport and dominate. It's good and bad. We get the fights you wanna see, but it's also, you know, it's good. There's some darkness there. The fights you wanna see is what's most important for the fans. And they're putting shit together. You know they made Jared Anderson fight per Coli. Yeah. You know, there's a lot of fights that people didn't want, You know, which is like Jared Anderson. That was another example. Like young undefeated heavyweight on his way up and everyone was like, don't take that fight.


Yeah. Like you're not ready for that fight. And then they offered him a pile of loot. He's all say less and he got beat up. Yeah. And then Oli getting stopped by Joseph Parker coming in fat with no, no notice at all. Nothing looked like he was totally outta shape. An hour notice was like guess something crazy. Yeah, yeah. Like super short notice. Yeah. Crazy, crazy fight. I was looking forward to that fight. But Ole you gotta give him a camp. Like you can't, like he's not ready. No. And but Joseph Parker looks really fucking good right now. Oh yeah. That's my boy. He, he's like reinvented, reinvented iss such a good guy. Do you know him at all? No. He's awesome. That's cool. Yeah, that dubois guy though. Holy shit man.


The way he took out Anthony Joshua. I know he's scared. Jake wants to fight. Anthony. Joshua now said he wants to fight Anthony Joshua in 2026 And and the haters online are like, yeah do it. They what now make that happen. Yeah. They're like, what about fight him now? He's like, no, I wanna wait till 2026. Like, okay, take put on weight, put on All the steroids. Every steroid they have, I would want, here's the thing, I would corp watch it. Snake Corp Venom. Oh by the way, scorpion Rollo reached out to me. John Rollo, my boy and he, him and his buddy Kimo actually own a company he was telling me that sells this blue scorpion shit. They're involved with a blue scorpion venom company. He said he gave it to Matt, Sarah. It really helped him.


So he wants to hook you up Frank, me, he says on it, shit. Yeah, I'm already hooked up with it. He wants to get you something Gordon. I'll have some. All right. I'll have him send you some get let Takeru to. This is like a Yeah, we'll see what happens. I'm gonna start slow. I'm gonna find out if I get poisoned, you know. Yeah. Just what the fuck are we doing? We drinking venom from Scorpions. That is weird. That's weird. He's got the dopest tattoos. Yeah, his tattoos are good. Brady, that Japanese on the back. He's such a fucking gorilla when he gets people to the ground, like the size of his back, like those muscles in his back. There's muscles that aren't supposed to be there.


It's like a turtle. They're like, they're so dense. It's weird when you see him walk, it's gonna, that's so fucking strong. Oh yeah. It's all back. It's all squeeze muscles, you know. Are you still fucking with the creatine gummies, Joe? Oh yeah. I love 'em. And do you, you feel so, because I looked in to creatine gummies and I, I heard when they bake the gummies, they like takes away the potency of the creatine. Yeah. Really? So you think you're getting five milligrams? You're not. Oh, interesting. I did not know that. Yeah, I feel great though, but I'm not taking five milligrams. I'm taking like 30. Yeah. I'm up to 27 milligrams now. I'm taking 10 gummies at a time. Yeah. I wonder, I wonder. I'll try, I'll try like regular creatine to see if I feel difference. Yeah. See if You know a difference.


Because one of the things that's really big is if I have a night where I don't get any sleep, that's a big factor. And then there's been studies done on improving cognitive performance when you're sleep deprived with, with creatine. Like no, no loss in cognitive performance. That's wild. That's wild. It's like one of the only things that I could even think of. 'cause even caffeine, like you're awake but you're still No, you're still out of it. Yeah. A little goofy. No, that methylene blue and creatine is, that's all I do. Dog. And then scorpion venom. Scorpion venom. Well that scorpion bennom. And then every peptide in the book name a peptide on feel great. Well dude, you're crazy strong right now. That thing that you did, where you strong, where you were holding, what was the amount of weight you were lifting?


What was that? The deadlift? Three 15. Three 15. Where you guys were holding it for you could hold the longest. Yeah. Was me, Thor, and my boy Hooper, who's also a strong man. And And how much time did those guys hold it for? I think it was like 47 seconds. And then Thor was like 58 seconds. And what'd you get? A minute? Something that's nuts. Nuts. That's nuts. That you're technically stronger than the mountain at them. Holding fucking, yeah. That's bananas, dude. Wow. That's crazy. Strong. Yeah. You must feel like a fucking beast right now. Yeah. Pretty beast. Dude. That sounds like great to fight that guy on the plane. I'm like, what'd you say that guy, I gotta use his power for something was so silly.


Oh, so silly. Did I, I did a lift with, with Mitchell Hooper and Flex Lewis. Oh. Dragon Slayer. And in Vegas. And I was like, like in a camp for something like one of the strongest I'd ever been. And it was just like a complete embarrassment. Yeah. Mitchell's, Mitchell's a special guy man because he is one of the strongest and he has a personality. Like he's such a good dude And he is not like that big. No he is not like preposterous. I did, I was, I was just sitting down eating food and they asked me to do it. I didn't want to do it. How much does that guy have a fighter's nose?


Yeah, his nose closed. Done nose flattened and twisted and torque to the side. Like when he is looking at you head on, it's like his nose is taking a hard Right. Yeah. I, I want to challenge those guys at 2 25. That's my shit. That's why I wanted to challenge em. Hold bench 2 25, bench press 2 25. Oh as many times as record because I asked Thor and he told me his record and I was like, I beat that a while ago. And he is like, let's do it right now. I'm like right now like we're in the middle of photo show. I'm like, I ain't doing it right now. I was like, let's wait to after, but we'll do 2 25, 3 15, 2 25 and see who can do the most and we'll just combine it. What's his record of 2 25? I think he said like 30 something. What can you do?


40. Really? At 2 25? Yeah. That's So crazy. That's fucking nuts. That's so crazy. My Strong as ever. I was like 2 25. I weigh like 2 25 and I did 27. That's impressive. 2 25 Christ. 2 25 for 20. It's so crazy. Yeah. Every Monday, Wednesday I do 2 25. I usually get at least 20 something. The first time I do three 15 for five and I do 2 25 for again 20 something. So I go bam, bam, bam. Every Monday, Wednesday. But when you max out you can get to 40. Yeah, if I do just one, I can do 40. That's so nuts. It's probably Almost a 500 pound bench press. Pretty close. Like a max. But it's all I train. It's all I like to do. Yeah. I guess my workout just bench. Yeah. Almost such a meathead these days.


Yeah, it's bench deadlift and pullups. That's all I do. How many pullups for an hour? You? I usually do like five sets of 20, but like good 20 pull-ups. Straight arm. Straight arm. Like proper pull. UPS's a lot for a big guy. Like would he weigh like two 50? That's a lot. Like two 40 something. Jesus Christ. That's a lot of weight. Oh I'm so fucking strong right now. That's nuts dude. Science is amazing. Yeah, it's a scorpion strong. It's a scorpion beno. It must be. Look at Leon Edwards. He looks hyped. Here we go. It's the proper time for Leon too right now. You know? Yeah.


Here we go. Well he probably wants revenge after that Bilal fight. You know, that was a bad fight for him. That was a tough night. He just didn't seem me into it either. Right? Like something was off. Well it's fucking five o'clock in the morning. True. I mean how, how, like how can you fight at your best when you're up all night? But also he's the champ. Like why wouldn't you set up so the champs in the ideal conditions? Like he like crazy. I get it. If Bilal was a champ coming over there and you're like, fight in London, but it has to be at 5:00 AM Right. That makes sense. When you're the champ in your hometown. Why the fuck we don't have 5:00 AM I don't know. The whole thing is crazy. The whole this, the idea of getting people to fight at that time is, but there's also a lot of X factors we don't know behind the scenes.


Like UFC's, like first of all tv Right. Deal. Only time we could do it with the broadcast, but how is that possible? Only time we get the arena, who knows Ts PN plus they, they could just always have it on anytime. But it can't be that easy. Where UFC just decides. I bet there's some other X factors that go in here. It has to be paperview buys be in America are bigger than everywhere else. It has to be that and they, it has to be the people used to buying it at, you know, seven o'clock at night. Yeah. And it has to be. That's the only thing that makes sense. But it's even seven o'clock at night. That means, you know, when you're on the west coast, like the, the main card doesn't start until 7:00 PM on the east coast is 10:00 PM 10 tough, ten's late, super late. Yeah. Main event is not on until like midnight.


One 30 sometimes fuck off. Yeah. Because sometimes it's a four hour card. Yeah. Here we go. Leon, Rocky Edwards. How old's Leon now? 35? Yeah. It has to be 34, 35. Jamie, how old's Leon losing his hair in the back? He's been losing his hair in the, but he should shave that shit. Yeah. 33. 33. Wow. Okay. Still in his prime. 32 and 33. Here we go. See Bruce Buffer's suit tonight. What is it? He's looking fucking snazzy looks S wait Until you see this. This is a fucking, Bruce has the best suits. He must have a warehouse filled with them too. 'cause he gets a new one for everything. Yeah, he is a sponsor. This is a serious One. Look at this thing.


Ah, Look at that thing. Oh fuck yeah. Who's better than that guy? Can you imagine UFC without Bruce Buffer? Nope. Like what the fuck we gonna do? Do when you have a main card? I wanna see his head looking like a grape. Yeah. When he's screaming. Love it. That's how he's gonna stroke out one day. Yeah. He's gonna be like 80 years old someday. That's the proper way to go too. Fuck yeah. Yeah. On his shield. Fuck yeah. Cards go fly in the air. The whole, there's a slight delay and they just wheel 'em off the, the whole starts. The audience gives it like a fucking 10 count. That'd be sick dude. A, D, C, C 2022. He had like another event that he had to do and like a DCC. Like the scheduling wasn't perfect. So he was a little bit late and I was trying to convince Joe to go out.


I'm like, dude, just announce me. It'll be fine. I've never announced anybody in a fight. I've only done it at weigh-ins. I'd be terrified if fuck someone's name up. That's not my cup of tea. Well he fucks I could sometimes, sometimes when he pops up, I fuck I That's your only job. You like that. Some of those names are fucking hard. Just like the, my biggest anxiety at the UFC is getting the names right at the wings because like some of 'em, you know like, you know those undercards when it's like a Dagg standing fighter, we're not familiar with it. Oh yeah. It's not happening. And I have to have the, the people in the, in the back. They say it to me in my ear. I'm like, say it again and then I write it out phonetically.


Like yee wonky. Yeah bro. Like you have these weird names. You have to like spell it out the way it sounds. It's even at like GL because there's like C's and Z's in there that don't make any sense. Like what's that doing there? What's fucking silent X? Like bro, kudos to you. Like even GFL are game bread. Like you wanna go in the, in the octagon or the cage and interview the fight and have to say their name. I'm like, it's probably probably not my cup of tea. Man. I got, lemme look at the roster. Here we go. I'm pumped for this one here. We fucking go. Yeah. It's a great fight. And Leon in London, he's gonna be fired up. You would hope. Fuck yeah. How could he not be Be headshot. The whole audience is gonna be for him.


Headshot dead. Look at me now. Look at me now. Ooh, what a speech that was. That was one of the greatest moments ever. That head kick in the fifth round, losing the whole fight. Fight he's losing. And John Annick with the perfect call. Like John Annick said, that is not the like he could quit right now, but that is not the cloth from which he was cut, bro. Boom. Head kick. And his coach was like, come on, do it now. Come on Rocky. Don't let him bully your son. Fuck dude. Don't let him bully you. Wild. And have you ever heard it with the Rocky music dude? If you're ever feeling like you don't wanna work out, listen to that.


Do that. Yeah. Whew. You get fired up. Here we go. Sean Brady has so many tattoos. Yeah, he's got no room left. Dude. Sean looks way stronger. Oh, he's gonna be physically stronger. Leon. Leon's gonna be in for surprise. 'cause he like, yo, he's so short. I'm like, if that happens, but I mean you gotta close that distance of danger with this fucking, it's also tough on Lincoln because remember he supposed fight JDMA straight striker supposed to fight Jack and then they switch it. Well they gave him some time. Right. How much time did they give him before they switched it? Four weeks. That's it. Yeah. Yeah. That is different. Tough Again in the Bilal fight was Sean, did He? He got beat up. Shake just got beat up.


He couldn't get him down. Yeah, stop. There You go. He couldn't get him down. Couldn't get him down. Bilal just beat the brakes off him. Just defend the takedown and fucked his face up. Sean looking to put a lot of pressure on him just like Bilal did. I mean Bilal really gave the game plan. Oh good. Kick to the, he said done though Leon, especially when you're Orthodox and you're fighting Leon and he's got that powerful left kick that's opened up and he has the reach advantage and he gets that kick to the body a few times. You're not the same left hand of the body. And look, he's got his distance down. Yeah, he's got his distance down. Sean got that Philly fade. Yeah. This is the dis, the difference is the management of the striking distance. Like Leon is so good at that. Yeah.


Brady has to be super careful in here. Yeah, because all right there. Oh fuck dude. The counters, they're so crisp and they're so, there's no fat in them. No wasted movement. Straight down the pipe If you're Brady can't go for the take down too early. 'cause that's expecting. Yeah. He's gotta open something up. Oh yeah. But he can't stay on the outside. But you, you know what the difference is is Bilal got his respect on the feet and then started laying the take downs. If you remember Sean just landed a left hook there and now they're in a clinch. Because it can be tough to be Leon if you're just straight grappling. Is this interesting that Leon's choosing to clinch with him nice knee of the body by Leon. That's good. And clinched. He is. Man, I was surprised when he took Kamar down.


Like his grappling is no fucking joke. And remember in the last round he got on top of Bilal and was smashing him with elbows. Yeah. Remember that? Yep. Cut him open. Yep. Just a little too little. Too late. But if you, if you remember that Bilal, I've watched it a few times. Bilal was landing like a motherfucker on the feet. Yes. And constant pressure of a lot of pressure. Constant got his respect on the feet and then it opened up the take down. Sean's already cut. Yes. Cut on the left eye. It's just interesting that Leon is allowing the clinch. I'm surprised. Well He is stuff in that Underhook pretty good with that Thiry.


I just would think that. Oh, nice combination. That's what you gotta do. You gotta earn the respect and then the take down will be there. Yeah. Yeah. It's too good. His take down offense too good just to shoot. Yeah. That's a nice combination, Michelle. That's great. And this is five rounds son? Yes sir. Oh Fox. Oh, another good combination by Sean. They usually always have Patty on these London cards, but he's on that Miami card saving for Miami. Bro.


That's a crazy fight. Him and Chandler so interesting. That should be bananas. I love Patty. I I love Chandler too. I'm surprised at how big Pat is. Like when he fought Bobby Green, I was like, Jesus, he's massive dude. He's so big for 55. The UFC had brought him up. Right? They brought him up the right way. They did. Oh Leon caught him a left hand there. Yeah he did. Mm. Leon's making it hard in the clinch. He's putting that hand super deep in the thigh. So Brady's Underhook doesn't really have the ability negating Under anything. Yeah. And those knees to the body are nice. There's a nice straight left boat. Like Brady's gotta get him in the clench and get the underhook and immediately move him around with it.


Otherwise he is not gonna make anything happen with It. And so far no attempt at all at shooting. Like even in these positions, he's not. Okay now he is. This is where strength is gonna be the difference. Yeah. Let's see if he can do something here. Yeah. 'cause this strength is fucking bananas. Beastly. Yes. Look at the back on that motherfucker. I mean Jesus Christ. It's like he's got a tumor And what is he? He's like 5 7, 5 10.


No. Yeah, he's five 10. Yeah. No, no, no. Yeah, I think he's five 10 and he Leon is a six two. Yeah. Where does Sean walk around at? He's gotta be 200 plus. Yeah, he is a big fucking boy. I just listed at five nine. Really? It said five 10 in the Leon's. Six foot. No, that's a UFC five nine. Leon is taller than that. I bet. De Sean Brady's. She definitely said six two for Leon. Yeah. It said I bet you Shaun Brady in person's five eight. Five seven. I was six four in my Basketball programs too. Nice. That's definitely not, here it goes. Take down. Here we go. He's flatting. No time though. Very little time. Very little time. But at least he's on top. When's in the round though, doesn't it?


Yeah. Depends if You can get off some shots, it's definitely, it'd be the most action. Really? And he landed on the feet a little more. That's probably one round for Brady man. I would like to see that take down landed earlier to see him set that up. But at least we got a take down by Brady early too. Let's see. Three to go. Don, Don, Don. What commercials are you getting Jamie? I have the same ZipRecruiter commercial keeps showing it To me. Oh this isn't a ZipRecruiter. This is like some Ford. Yeah. I just keep getting the same three or four commercials. Power wacker, weed, wacker lawn fucking equipment.


You never see any good car commercials anymore. There's nothing dope out there. A good commercial. Yeah, for like cars. We get 'em breathing heavy man. Dude, they used to have commercials of like Fords carrying like Chevys. Yeah. It was cool. Like a mountain. Like Strapped to the back. They were like talking shit. Yeah, you don't really see it anymore. They got all friendly. Oh that was a good combination. Three piece soda there. Oh, it was a trip? Yeah. Interesting. Nice. Si. Here we go.


Oh, round two. Oh he's going down. Nice. Oh immediately That was big shot. Wow. That was dope. That was nice. Yeah. Good on Leon. You can suck him back here. You can suck him back and pull 'em between his, between his knees Getting off the cage. A good sign that he can get this clinch early in the second like this. I mean that was a great take down. Ooh, he drags him down. Interesting. Interesting. He's gonna take him to a hit now. Nice shot By Brady. Oh nice. That was dirty. Yep. Nice. That's good Transition. Heavy top pressure.


Needs a tight waist. Needs a strong tight waist. Leon's in trouble. He's got the back. Yep. God, his whole fucking legs tatted front and back. Everything. God damn. His whole asshole. He Should be, he should be attacking the neck with his right hand so he could put the second hook in. He needs to control. There You go. There's a lot of time too. That's definitely a lot High discrepancy you can see on the, Yeah, That's more than two inches for sure. Mm. Yeah. Well one of 'em could have no shoes on too though. Yeah, well I mean, I mean five 10 to six two is four inches.


Got the back. But even, even on the ground with wall Leon Lin, he survives down there. He is tough to put away. He's laying some hard shots. Well Leon's doing a good job of stopping him from locking the body triangle. Here he is. Got it. He's got it. But now he's got the outside triangles. Now this is, this is gonna be an issue now he Is in trouble. Leon keeps trying to turn belly down. Sean should just take him belly down and hit him. Yeah, flatten him out. Yeah. But it's also such a brutal thing on your spine. Belly down with that body triangle. It's exhausting. Again. Three minutes of this. There You go. Take a belly down and hit him. Here it is. There You go.


He's gonna let him go Or come up to mountain and hit him. Yeah. Leon keeps trying to go belly down, which is kind of crazy. Oh, these are hard shots man. Well You can go for a rolling escape, but When you're a strong dude like that, you can land some powerful strikes from a short distance like this. Like these are not fun. Yeah. One seventy's gonna be interesting though. 'cause Shaf gots out with injury. Is he? Yeah. What happened? I forget exactly what it was, but he So he's not coming back soon. Soon. Oh. Has the elbow. Jeff Elbow, you have Bilal and then Brady with a win over fucking, this is a big round one contender.


Big round right here. Yeah. If These guys could just figure out how to trap hands from the back, they'd be so much more effective. So easy to gloves On. Oh look at this. Look at this. He's gonna get up. He's gonna at least get up. The turtle Maybe not submitted. Oh, I mean that was just Leon's. Leon could have got up easy from there. He Should have kept going. Yeah, because Brady's left knee wasn't controlling Leon's right hip. So he could have, there's nothing stopping him from going belly down from there. He is gonna try and I isolate That arm. He just gave up. Yeah. Look for just gave up on top. Yeah. He's gonna look for Kaur. He's looking for that hand here goes, here it goes. And his legs are open.


You're allowed to grab your shorts. Isn't that kind of crazy? Yeah. Yeah. I know. Isn't that weird? That's the only reason to have shorts. Like tights are so much better 'cause they can't grab you way Better. Leon should be inserting a butterfly hook here and looking to off-balance him outta that Kimora. With his right foot. With his right foot. Yeah. He's still got time. He's still got time. He has a minute left. Brady should be using it to pass. Yeah. Yep. Like play a dilemma between the Kimora and the pass. That way you can do damage. He wants to lock it up Here it is. Oh, it goes, does he have to pass Here go. Oh, He lost it. But now I gave him an underhook, so now it should go back to a cross face. There he goes. But he gave up the underhook.


He is In Mount Mount full Back Now that you're flattening him out. Flatten him out and punch. Yeah. Unless he gives you the neck. This is big. This is big. But he's eating his ass up. He's chewing him up on the ground. Yeah, he's fucking, this is the thing, man, people clinic, they underestimate how fucking powerful this guy is on the ground and how good. And he can, and he can do this for five rounds. Yeah. Leon's in trouble. Yeah, he is. He's in trouble. Well, It's actually worse now because now Leon's actually carrying his body weight. Yep. The first half of the round. He was, he was not, he wasn't carrying Shawn's body weight. Right Now he's, this is, this is more exhausting than having your back taken And he's just getting brutalized the whole round.


Yeah, the whole round. Exhausted. And he came into that round breathing heavy and now he's just gotten brutalized for entire second round. Gonna, He's gonna be a lot more tired going to the third. Brady Is a real contender. Real contender kids. He's to do that to Leon Edwards is fucking huge. Yeah. That lost of Al. Like, everyone writes these guys off. I'm like, nah. It's the best thing you can have to these guys. Where's his guy? His, don't let him bully you. Rock the older guy. Where's in the back? Is he back there or did he fire him? No. Yeah, no. No way. Maybe that guy's busy taught him yelling at me. You imagine. No way. Oh, there he is. There he is. There he is.


Yeah, he's the man. Is that him? No, I'd say him. Isn't it in the back? Right. Not looking great for Leon, but Leon's ass. He'll pull it out though. He's, he'll surprise you. He's pulled things out before. That's for damn sure. The Kamar Usman fight. He just doesn't seem excited to be in there. Well, he got mauled. I mean he got mauled that round even before that. I mean, come on buddy. I don't think it's excited. I think he's fighting a fucking animal, man. You underestimate this guy and say he's too little.


And then you get in there with him, you're like, oh, Jesus. Yeah, he's a baby griller. Oh, nice. Kick to the body. Throwing kicks and shit now. Nice. Another nice kick to the body. That's the thing about that South Paw Orthodox stance just opens up that power kick from the outside on both guys. Oh. Oh, nice. Uppercut by Leon. That was bad by Brady. Bad entry. Oh, oh. Another one. Another one. Good shot. Big shot. He hurt him. He hurt him with that one. Yep. That was a big shot. Clipped him. There's the shot again. Oh, stuff nice. That was nice by Leon. That's A long range shot though. Yeah, my little desperado there. I think he got hurt. He got clipped. Right. And I think he realized like, hey, this is not a good spot for me to be in.


Ooh. Excitement. Oh, look at Leon shoots. That's a bad idea, Leon. That's crazy, buddy. That doesn't make sense. No. Horrible idea. Yeah. Look at this. Go behind. Drag him down. Nice. Get behind. He's gotta block the elbow. Elbow. If he's gonna go behind though, This is, block it With a knee or go for a drag. The level of grappling. Oh, oh, oh, oh guillotine. Nope, he's just using it. Yeah, He got him on top. Back. Same position. Yeah. Leon, you're doing so well and you shot Doug crazy. Terrible idea. I mean, just try trying to prove a point. I think If Brady pushes that knee down, it'll be in three quarter mount. Wow. Full mount.


Sweet. Gave like a bridge with three minutes to go. Three and a half minutes. This is terrible. Awful. Especially after that second round where you just dominated him on the ground. The level of grappling is just so significant. There's such a difference. And physical strength. I mean, Sean is just such a fucking ape. Oh, Oh, oh, these are bad. These are bad. Oh, those are huge shots. Such Break 'em to a hip where he should be pulling him down to a hip, To one hip, one side.


Yeah. Yeah. It takes away the explosive ability to get up. It's almost like he's daring him to try to get up. Yeah, he, he's behind the elbows. I mean, Kaba do that. Kabi would just let guys up and Yeah. Carrying body weight the whole time. Keep breaking him. You see how he's, he's birdie's doing a pretty good job of keeping his knees off the floor. Keeping the weight on him. Yeah. Yeah. Beautiful. Slow, exhausting for Leon. Yeah. Yeah. This is incredibly tiring. Yeah. And no moments of success. No. Like on the ground, no moments of exists. It's all being dominated. There's no sunshine down there. And slightly escaping to another bad position.


And he kind of put himself in there with that shitty shot. Yeah. He totally put himself in here. Yeah. Dang. And, and he was landing shots on the feet. I know he had 'em wobbled, but hey, we're still only in the third. True. He's just gotta avoid this at all costs. Like now, you know, no more fucking around with all this. No, his team should be like, don't dude, like he's clearly don't shoot down at least two rounds. Holy shit. Those numbers are bad. Oh yeah. Like maybe three rounds, right? Like what about the first? Oh, he's, he's, he's down three rounds. Yeah. Yeah. This one's not even close. Sean's just so dominant on the ground. I mean, Leon just can't, shit. You just wanna see how Sean does against like Jeev or shaft cot, like another grappler who can strike and defend the takedowns.


That that'd be his big test Chef putting two hooks in. Oh. Oh. Leon's getting beaten up, man. I mean, he just can't escape. Spread the knees out. Flatten him out. Yeah, straight. There You go. Flatten him out. Oh, oh, oh. Flatten him again. Keep flattening him. God damn. This is domination. Yes. Not gonna fight. Leon keeps trying to stand up head first. He should be trying to four point outta here. Leon's just getting first. How many clean shots has he landed?


My, my God. The whole, I mean, it's just constant bang, bang, bang. The crown's. Like God damnit. Oh, even from here, he's generating some power from here. Not a lot of time. Let's go for a choke here, Barry. Maybe he goes for an arm bar. Yeah, let's go for something. I mean, here's the claps. Grab a hold of that fucking right arm. Leon's just waiting it out.


Sean's doing it too. Look at Sean's taking some big deep breaths here. He's, he's from beating his ass. Yeah. He's exhausted from beating the shit out of him. Domination by Sean. I mean, Leon's got probably stop him or a bad shot. Get some ten eight round. That was a crazy bad shot. Crazy shock. And just not a good decision to make against this guy Early in the round. And then he's eaten. Just hammers. Don't let him bully rock. I mean, if you're the coroner, like don't get taken down. I don't know what the fuck to tell you, man. Well, he is doing a good job stopping the take downs in the clinch. Yes.


But when he gets, when he gets shot on, Then ran to the cage. Yeah. Dean Thomas in the fucking house. Love Dean Thomas. Yeah. He's awesome. If Leon didn't pull off that last second Kale against Kamar, you would never think he has a fucking shot. But because he is done that we're all like, you never know dude. Well, you never know. It starts standing and he landed shots in the second and the third. He just gotta not let him take him down. He looks good though. He doesn't look exhausted. Yeah. No, but even Kamar didn't beat him up like this. No. Nor did Bilal. No, I think Sean's on another level. No.


You know? Yeah. That loss. He really like, he really talked heavily with me about his mental coaching and how much of an effect it had on, oh, did you have him in here? Yeah. I forget his, his coach. Do you remember his coach? His mental coach? Yeah. Jamie, can you find it? Because that guy's very good. I've watched some of his stuff online. What's the guy's background? Do You know? I do not. Oh, good. Elbow by Sean. Oh, Sean's teeing him up on the feet. Now that's trouble. Oh my goodness. Sean just can't get, oh, There You go. There's a shot. Good shot. What kind of mental coaching did he do? Well, you know, I'd have to have him explain it. I don't wanna butcher it, but it was all about strategies to keep him focused and on track. Brian Cain as his mental coach.


Brian Cain. Peak performance Affirmation training. Affirmation training control. Developing custom affirmations to en enforce positive talk. Build confidence, mind control techniques. I mean, sometimes fighters just need a framework that they keep with them in a fight. So if something goes sideways, they can get back on track. Yeah. Something to get you back to home base. Yeah. Because sometimes fighters just lose their, their train of thought. They lose their focus. They get into a downward spiral in their head and then they find themselves not, he's going for the guillotine. Well, especially after, look at this. Look at this. That's one hand, one arm guillotine. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness.


Oh my goodness. He'll need to mount him. Which he has. My goodness. Oh, he, oh he's gonna, oh my goodness. He's gonna finish that. Oh, he's about to tap. Oh my goodness. He's about to tap. Oh, oh, oh, you can stay. Oh, he's got the hands now. Oh, now he's fucked. He's tapped. He tapped. He tapped. Wow. Shawn what fucking monster. Fucking Brady. Woo. Holy shit. What a performance. Yeah, dude, shut out. What a performance. Fantastic. Shut out against one of the best of all time in the division. Former champion beats his ass and submits him. And what, what he's asking Dana for here. Wow. That was, that's impressive. But It makes sense. Brady would hire a mental coach of that.


'cause remember, he's undefeated. Never lost. And when you get like your ass handed to you, you're like, oh fuck. I'm not the end all be all. When is Bilal fighting Jack? That two months. Is that two months? Yeah. Where's that at? I don't know. See if Jamie could find it. Fucking unbelievable, man. I'm super impressed. Montreal. UF C3 15. May 10th. Wow. I won't do that. I don't go to Canada anymore. I don't. No. Nor should you Uhuh. No. Discipline em. Yeah. I'd rather go to Russia. Yeah. Fuck yeah. Hell yeah. When they become the US they never know. That's never gonna happen.


That's so crazy to ask them to be the 51st date. I had a conversation with Trump about it. He goes, at first I started calling him Governor Trudeau just for fun. And a lot of people were saying it's a good idea. Like maybe it is a good idea. A lot of people say, look at this fucking squeeze, man. Did. Did you ever work with a mental coach, Gordon? No. You seemed pretty mentally fucking strong. No, I believe that confidence is built in the gym through training. Yeah, I agree. From doing like if you hit an arm bar 10 times outta 10 times in training, you're pretty confident that it's gonna work. Correct. But if you don't hit it in training, why would you be confident? Do you have moments in your past where you had a lap lapse of concentration and then you realized never do that again?


Yes. Like I'm pretty good at like analyzing mistakes and then like fixing them like, you know, coming up I would be like super hot and cold. Like I would beat a lot of guys then I'd have like one like disastrous match at like purple belt or something or brown belt. And then I was like, you know, everyone was always like, you're Tom. Or you know, know friends were like, how? How will you beat everyone up in the gym but you can't translate it to the mat? And I was like, I don't know man. I just, I feel like eventually I'm gonna get like good and then, you know, I'll be good everywhere and no one will be, no one will be able to beat me in any, in any position. And then kind of just like going through the reps in the gym And you know, got to a point where I was beating everyone from every position.


So. So just you accelerated your skillset so far beyond that you just were so confident that you didn't need to. Yeah, but I mean there is, there definitely is like the it factor that you can't really like put your finger on Like, like most guys, even at the highest levels, like if you give 'em the reason to quit, they'll quit. So like you can be as technically sound as you want. Like even guys who are like super good technically, and you see a lot of juujitsu who are super good, technically if they just get pushed hard and they don't have like success early on, they either like crush a guy in like the first five minutes or like, or they lose the match. Well that's why you like those no time limit fights, right? Like the Felipe fight?


Yeah. Well, I mean I, I think I'm a lot stronger mentally than everyone I compete against. But also it a, is a big physical factor because of the fact that when you have like a 30 minute match, for example, the most important thing is the work rate. So if I, it doesn't matter how good your cardio is, like how, how high your VO two max is. If you're working twice as hard as I am, you're gonna get tired faster than I am. It's just so it, because I'm so much more technical because the gap in skill is so big between being the next best guy, their work rate is always 3, 4, 5 times as high as mine. They Have to explode. They have to move quickly. So it doesn't matter how good your cardio is. Like if I ran a mile, it wouldn't be impressive. But because I'm so much more efficient, the work rate is so much higher for my opponents that they just fatigue a lot faster.


Mm. Gangster. Crazy. Yeah. Crazy. It's, it's, and it's crazy too that you lay out the blueprint of what to do. Train 365 days a year, constantly study, constantly go over positions, constantly drill things, constantly improve upon techniques and then you put the techniques out. Yeah. And you put 'em out in instructional and people still can't, that's What everyone, everyone always talks about. It's a lot, everybody always talks about hard work, but the hardest work is mental work. Like there's a reason why guys on Wall Street make more money than guys who dig ditches because they work harder. Like it's, it's not just physical. Like everyone is, everyone has no problem coming in, getting a sweat, going home, being sore, stuff like that. But if you ask 'em to sit down and watch an hour's worth of instruction every night from a like an an a Gordon Ryan instructional, which you has proven to work in competition, nobody wants to do that.


You can't do it. Yeah. Mm. Isn't that interesting? Like you can give them the tools but they won't build the house. Yeah. Straight off. Like all of my, like I have like 40 instructional, like hundreds of hours worth of instructional that I do. And I've referenced matches that I hit this exact technique in, in competition at world level. And just no one's picked up on it. It's Just no one. Not no one at all. All they Kind of just like grab stuff. Like they see me do like a move and they kind of just like get the basics of it. But no one's really like in depth studied it and like been able to perform the moves in competition. It's like embarrassing for the sport. That's So crazy. It's so interesting that the thing that you would need is just a work ethic.


Like everyone's just like, oh, he is just like a big juice head. And I'm just like, okay guys, this makes my job easier. I'm glad that we all are agreeing on this because it just makes my job so much easier. But The stuff he's talking about, it also isn't exciting, you know? Right. Like you have to be super disciplined. Yeah. Yeah. That's the thing. But Like, like what wins wars is technology and information like the, the, usually the, like a country with more technology, more access to technology and information is going to be able to win a war. It's the same thing for fighting. Like if you know more, most of the time you're gonna be able to to win more. Like if I, I'm beating these guys 'cause I know more than they do. Everybody's tough, everybody's strong, everybody's like, it's, you know, there's guys, or even the best guys in the world are super inconsistent.


Like they'll win two, they'll lose one, they'll win four, they'll lose two. But what, you know more than everyone in every given position, it's like pretty easy. What's going on? You were telling me your stomach's getting better. Now I can eat a little bit more like I'm eating a like better meals. But training is training hard is still tough. Like whenever my heart rate gets super high, I start to get like tired from like a hard session. I still get super nauseous. So I can't believe no one has found a solution to that. That's wild. Have you run your blood work through chat GPT or you done any of that or the symptoms? The P-P-G-G-P-T thing. I gotta do that. You talked to me about that the other day. Yeah. But doctors know more about space or we know more about space than we do the stomach.


Like the, and my issues in the small intestine, which is like the hardest one to treat because like they can look at your stomach with an endoscopy and they can look at your large intestine intestine with a colonoscopy. But to like figure out what the fuck's going on in your small intestine is like a completely, like, they just can't, they can't scope it. So it's hard. It's crazy that it all comes from antibiotics. Oh yeah. Antibiotics fucked my life up way more than anything else I've ever done to myself's like crazy by far. Yeah, but you're not supposed to do them the way you did 'em. Right. You're not supposed to take antibiotics for a year. Well, so it was like if, so if you get staph and you don't treat it, you die. It just spreads and you die. Yeah.


So it was like, I got caught in this like cycle where it was like I got staph, I took antibiotics and then I'd be good for two days, got staph, took antibiotics, got staff, took antibiotics, got staff took. So it was just like, I'd have like three days of training and then I would just get staph again. Because once my stomach started to get affected and my immune system wasn't as strong, my stomach was trying to, my body was trying to fix my stomach and then I would get staph because my immune system wasn't as strong. So then I'd take antibiotics and then that would destroy my stomach, make my immune system weaker, and then I would get staff again. So I just got caught in the cycle and I'm sitting there like, I'm not a pussy, I'm not gonna stop training. So it was just me training the whole time, regardless of what was going on.


Like I would not train when I had to staff, but I, I wasn't gonna like take time off and like try to deal with my stomach. I was just like, fucking gotta gotta keep Next month. Damn. Mental toughness can sometimes fuck you up. Yeah. Have you ever thought about trying like a long fast? I mean I've been forced into like two week fasts. Like a long time. Like like two weeks? Yeah. Like yeah, like pretty much like not eating hardly anything. I was actually, before I fought Roberto gymnast that one time I called the arm bar, I was in the hospital like two days before that getting IVs because I just hadn't eaten in like a week and a half, two weeks. Whoa. Wish I couldn't eat anything. That's crazy. So obviously then that's not gonna cure it.


No. And the problem is, is like everything is trial and error. So it's like, oh, try this for eight weeks. Fucking eight weeks is a long times. And you can try and you can't like do everything at one time because then you don't know like, like you said, like I'm, I've just threw everything at it. Yeah. I don't know what's actually making me feel good. Yeah, because so it's like you have to add one thing and take away one thing at a time. What about your diet? Has anything helped in that regard? I couldn't eat, I couldn't even eat red meat for a long time. Like everyone's was suggesting carnivore, but my stomach just wouldn't digest it really. Like fa fast food screws me up steaks sometimes still mess me up. Spicy food I can't do like light chicken and rice, eggs.


God what disaster. So very bland, crazy. A fucking disaster. Crazy that you're still able to operate at such a high level with such a giant fucking problem that would really end most people's careers. It is what it is. Everybody's got their issues. I I know, but I just can't imagine that with All the resources of the world that someone hasn't reached out to bellyache solution. Yeah. It's a tummy ache man. You know what I mean? Isn't it kind of crazy that you think that, that no one, there's not one guy out there in Australia or some shit. Let's figured it out. Let's figured it out. Well, I mean, it's had the same issues. Yeah. Well I mean there was one, the first time I came on this show, a ton of people have reached out. I finally found that guy who, like, first of all, when you go to a normal GI doctor, like the guy in California did tests that none of the other GI doctors even know exist.


And I'm like, I don't know how that's po Like if you ask me a question in Jiujitsu, it's like if X, Y, Z. Whereas like you go to one doctor and there's no idea what the other tests were that I got ran on me by another doctor, which is just so insane. So this one guy actually actually ran tests and he was like, oh, all these things are wrong with you. And now it's a question of how can we treat them? But like most of the doctors I went to, like All the best doctors in the US just did like an endoscopy, like some basic blood work. And they're like, oh, you're fine. I'm like, I'm definitely not fine. So this other doctor that said this is what's wrong with you, this is how, what, what was the solution? Well, it's just a, a bunch of things. Like, I mean, I could sit here and list for five minutes of things that are wrong with me, but it, it was like, you know, we're gonna do a lot of holistic stuff, like over the counter stuff like, like binders to like deal with like mold poisoning talk toxic like issues.


And then a lot of like probiotics, anti like prescription antifungals. Like just a combination of stuff like glu to shields. Like you just drink it and it like coats the lining of your esophagus in your, in your stomach. 'cause my big issue is with the small intestine where the, the food and bile back up into the stomach and it just sits there. 'cause the, there's the small intestines are so, And that's what makes you nauseous? Yeah. So it's like you eat food, you get full fast and the food just sits in your stomach and just like rots in your stomach and doesn't filter down. Oh Jesus Christ. Damn. It's great. It's fun times. It's basically like being seasick 24 7. And what is your thoughts on competing again?


Well right now we're just trying to open up this school. So I've been trying to open up this damn school for like two years up in north Austin. So once I get, we're like right at the tail end of getting that open. So once that, once we get that open and up and running, then I'll, I'll jump back in if I'm healthy. And there's nothing you can do differently than what you're doing now? I mean, I haven't, I I do follow ups with the guy. Like, so for example, it keeps evolving. So like they, they got that fungal issue, they think issue, they think under control. But because the fun, the fungal issue in the small intestines now is resolved or mostly resolved. They think the lining of the intestines is so inflamed like a scar basically.


Oh. That you have mast cells underneath your, underneath your intestinal wall. So they're like, they're like garbage bags. So when the, when food or stomach acid leaks through the intestinal wall and hits the mast cells, they shoot histamines back up to try to prevent it from leaking into your bloodstream. So every time I eat food, these my, I just get like this like adrenaline like adrenal response because if they just shoot histamines back up into my intestine under for, from under my intestinal walls back into my intestines and it just sends my body into like a state of shock. So like when it was really bad, I would like, every time I eat a meal, my heart rate would go up to like 150.


Whoa. And just sit there for like 30 minutes and, and then like your heart rate goes up and your digestive system just stops. Oh. So it was like, it would just send my body into like a full panic attack every time I ate a meal and I'm like, oh this is sick. And now it's gotten like a little bit better because it's starting to heal a little bit, but it's still not a hundred percent. So it's like one problem just like evolved into another problem and then like, because the leaky gut was so bad, like my kidneys were shutting down 'cause I couldn't filter out All the, like that's when I like took a leave of absence or retired, whatever you wanna call it with va. After I fought Vaden the one time when we first met, like it was my leaky gut was so bad my kidneys started, started to shut down. Jesus. And then like my blood pressure's high.


Have they ever tried oral BPC 1 5 7? I've been on that for like three years. Yeah. Yeah. Is that any effect? Combination of like It definitely helps You try the shop method. Whatever they tell you the dose is to the sink at it. Just do Yeah, I feel whole box three times as much. Yeah. Let's see what happens with a Whole bottle. We're helping Elon mixes. Cyborgs. Yeah, that'd be new stomach. I'll be ready to go. My flight's at seven 30, Joe. All right, doc, let's wrap this up. All right, Thank you everybody. Love you guys. Fun times. See you guys. Love you too. See you. Bye.