
It's working. Like why can't we just hear Brendan talk about Hitler Maybe. Yeah. Okay. We up? Yep. Okay, we're up ladies and gentlemen. So, sorry. There was a bit of an issue. So we're just talking about Steve, eg. And how good he looked against Pantoja. And I'm saying some people thought he won, but to your point, that last round might have been the, yeah, I thought the last round with a decider. I thought it was super close though. And You know he looked awesome, but just Pantoja just such a veteran. He knows how to win and he pulled it off. He pulled it off in the last round. But that rsic kid man, for that being his first world title fight, his, how many fights has he had in the UFC?


Like four. I was gonna say, how many, how many fights has Steve Rsic had in the u The the crazy thing is about fly weight. It's like flyweight and heavyweight. If you come in and you are a fucking beast, you move up the ladder quick. Not a lot. 125 pound dudes. Not a lot of 265 pound dudes. So if you can get elite, like think about guys like that are, stay that stay in the top 10 in the heavyweight division, like losses that would've take you outta the mix in the 1 55 division that you, you stay in the mix. The only one that catapult your boy Umar. Nagar. Mad of Oh, Umar Catapult. Good man. So look at this. He's only had three, three fights in the UFC before he fights Pantoja for the world title.


That's amazing. And by the way, look so good, especially in the Match Nell fight. Fuck, that dude looked good. And All four of those fights happened within one year. Yeah, it fought quick. June, June, November, March. Which is great if you stay healthy because you, and it was a unanimous decision. One, yes, it was unanimous. Which is wild. It's not wild. I think it was correct. I think it was correct. I think it was close. It was close. But I like when the guy wins the last round. I think it means, I mean, I'm an old school guy, right? I like pride rules. I like that. I think their, their theory of scoring is school yard ski theory, but that's not the game. I get it. That's true too. But it is also fighting. Well I do that too. I think school yard theory's real. Like if a guy's on top of you and the teacher's break it up, that guy beat your ass.


I'm with you. But that ain't the sport we're watching. I know, I know. But there, that's a real thing. I know. This is not scientific or technical or Look, I'm an, I'm a martial artist. I think I'm a purist. I think the best style should win. Which is why I don't think people should get stood up. I don't think. I think this is a lot of things that just like shouldn't happen. Yeah. That happen in the sport. But I, I'm pretty, I'm pretty much a purist. I only wanna know what the fuck works. You know. Yeah, yeah. But but you would be, you would be open to, if they made the third round or fifth round of a fight count more. It's just gotta feel right perfectly. I was Saying this the other day, I think they shouldn't let the judges, they should only let the judges watch the last round.


The pride rules. Oh, that's wild. The pride rules. They treated it like a fight. Fight. Like in a fight fight. The end of the fight is worth more than the beginning of the fight. No doubt. You know how much because you guys have been fighting for a long time. Who's winning at the end? And I'm, and I'm with him, went bankrupt. Especially when very good call. Very good. I think. Didn't know what he's doing on this one, but I think they went bankrupt because of shady business. Whatever you tell yourself. Dude, I think it was some Yakuza stuff, wasn't it? Yeah. A lot of that. Yeah. But it was, I I'm with you. It was great bro. But it, I don't think it went bad because they judged it badly because dude, those fucking fights were amazing. Also wasn't the u didn't the UFC just start to become what it is?


Oh, it wasn't even what it is. Man. Pride was before UFC. See pride was fucking huge. But before the UFC was huge. Yes. But the UFC was not as big pride in Japan would get 80,000 people in an arena. Tokyo Dome, like watch dude. These shows were insane. 90 insane people would walk out. Who was it? What was that one fighter, the Brazilian cat that got burnt? 'cause he walked out. They fucking hit him with the pyrotechnics. Was it a Kuna? I it was early days. I know what you're talking pyrotechnic. Like the Super Bowl. it might not have been out cried. it might have been one of those other organizations. I know what you're talking about. They got burnt. Yeah. It was one of those organizations in Japan. And this dude, his cat comes out and gets cooked.


Hey Michael Jackson. Them and he was good man. Yeah, he was good. They fucked up his body. Like he had like 30 degree birds over like half his fucking body fights toughen up and You know He didn't with no lawsuit. Yeah. Joe Heal de Ra. Yeah. Set on fire and pride. I mean that guy was good man. He was fucking good. Who knows how bad that sets back your career. They'd light you on fire. Doesn't Help. Yeah, I think you're done after that. I don't know man. But I would imagine you've, it's like significant things to overcome and then what do you, skin's all burnt up and then what Do you do going forward? You go get fire safety talks. Well I think they had to pay 'em off. They had to give him some cash. But also remember in pride, like those fights were epic. The talent was insane. Oh my God. Worldwide. But here's the thing, zero drug testing, matter of fact, yes.


Let's go with enhanced games. I'm with you. I'm with, so they actually encouraged steroids, Oh. yeah. 100%. You get a better product. Iue told us on the podcast in specific it has in capital letters. We do not test for steroids. Oh man. Rampage will tell you that too. Rampage. Oh, he told me too. Oh. yeah. Yeah dude. It's just, they were wild and they put on the best shows and they had some of the most amazing fights ever. and I think the most talent stacked heavyweight division that has ever existed. That's fair. if you wanna think about the prime of pride heavyweight, you have Noguera ov, you have Mark Coleman, you have ov him, you have Crow Cop, you have Fedor. Yeah.


God, Wouldn't it be dope With people? What a murderer. Wrong. If you FFC had like a, like a 40 and up division where they don't test. Nah man, ain't nobody trying to see that, bro. It's like you only want so much like a master's division. Yeah. Three. You only want so brain damage. Then you just gotta opt out. The smart guys opt out. You don't, you are already gonna struggle. You're already gonna struggle. Don't, you don't want to be getting beat up continuously until you're dead. Some people do. You're right. Some people feel like you should be able to ride horses. Some people, some people built like that. You gonna have to Tranquilize Romero. Yeah. They gonna have. Yeah. He's doing bare knuckle. Yeah. That's where they go to. Here's the thing about Yoel though. For whatever reason, Yoel has the capacity to compete at an elite level deep into his forties.


Naturally. He's a mutant. He's a freak of freaks. if you wanna talk, it's everything, man. Whole corn. Thicker, thick. The neck is crazy. But You know the neck is all surgically repaired. Right. You know that. He's like Robocop, right bro. He's like, neck is one piece A rod? Yeah, there's a rod. Yo Remember they had his next, he had D ball in this baby bottle. Yeah, Bro, his dad's stray. I that's why his necks like they fucking abra. That guy, guy, they did some stuff with that guy. They're looking at a stingray like, yeah, let's do this. Just, there's, it's just ears. The shoulders. Fucking, I know people have heard me tell the story, but I'm gonna tell again 'cause it's so crazy. The thick eyes, the U ffc took him to a doctor and the the doctor said, where'd you get this guy? And they, they go, yeah, he is amazing.


Right? They go, no, he's got a different structure. They said the tendons in his eyes are three times larger than a normal person's. They said he is already healing. He had a fractured orbital. They're like, he's already healing. He's like Wolverine also, we don't even know if he's 40. He's from Cuba. it might, he might be. He might be 70. We have no fucking name bro. Anything when he was sitting in that chair, bro, there's only, there's a couple moments in doing podcasts where I got like reasonably uncomfortable. Really? Because I was in the room with someone who could just, just has this ability to just crush you at any moment. Yeah. It was him and Tyson. Tyson. The second time I did the podcast with him. When he is getting ready to fight Roy Jones totally different. Tyson first Tyson was like this mellow hippie almost like he was this dude who's like, probably like sh himself not working out.


Yeah. He was just, I don't wanna work out, I just wanna be cool. Second one was like hyped up Tyson. I was like, whoa. You see him hit the bullseye with the darts the other day? Blindfolded crazy, Bro. That guy would kill you. But there look. Yeah, but there has to be a part of you Joe, with with, with Tyson. At least if shit hits the fan, you're a black belt. I'll get his ankle. He's gonna in some trouble with yo L. This he's nothing. You have nothing, nothing with yo, there's nothing you can do. I can't even help you. There's, I mean if I'm, if you're really lucky, Tyson's got a bad knee. You know if you are really Lucky. Yeah. Your only hope is to catch a nagging injury. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Your only hope, your only hope. He collapses on himself, hit Tower seven. He's seen hit pass. He's still fuck you up. He'll still fuck you up. But the Yoel Romero thing is different.


Like Yoel was explaining how he grew up in Cuba and about how he went through their, their wrestling program. And he was talking about how if you were the elite, you ate three times a day. But if you were below that, you ate twice a day. Yeah. And it was intent. And he goes, and you're working out with all these animals, like with their only way to make their life better is through athletic achievement. They gotta win. And these guys are just warriors and they're going at it every day. And Yoel looked at me and goes, and it makes you a machine. And I was like, oh shit. Nah, I'm good. That mean when you are talking to a real machine, like one of the most elite wrestlers to ever compete in MMAA freak athlete, you look at some of yo L's knockouts, like look at that knockout to wideman that flying knee with wide savage savage freak.


The Luke Rockhold knocks him out and then he kisses him. Freak bro. He's a, he was a freak freak. And for that guy to explain like what he went through as a person to get to be the guy he is now, which is why he's so calm when he gets in there man. And still competing with a fused neck or whatever. Fu fused. Yeah. So he gotta swing his whole body. Yeah. Yeah. But his neck doesn't, it doesn't move around. It's like an action figure. Nothing. But I think it might help him take a shot. Yes. Because Derrick Brunson hit him with a switch kick once. I mean, just blasted him in the neck and he just walked that shit off. There's like, it was nothing. It's because the whole Right. Because the whole thing's fused and then it trapped. It's like a neck race in football. His traps begin at the top of his head. Stingray fucking traps are used straight up.


That guy's like a flying squirrel. Yep. So that, that's like the freak of freaks. So when that guy says something to You, like, and it makes you, I matching. Then you got some kid in Cal Bass talking about wrestling in the Olympics. I'm like, good luck dude. Good luck bitch. Good luck bitch. You had a soft life. You ate fucking ring dings and hohos and shit. I Than that. Get Three hot meals. He's like, you have to, you have to win for dinner Bro. I'm gonna start taking my Man. You get breakfast and lunch and then there's a to up. I remember Don Fry was on inside MMA once. I love that show. It was a great show. I love that show show on there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Did Me Too. All time. Did it a couple times. I did once where I was explaining a back take from Quarter Mount Sick.


I was like, me and Boss Rutten did like a, a technique thing where I showed him how to do the, it's called the Samurai You know that one when you slip around behind a guy, you can get his back. Yeah. Yeah. You're on top. Yeah. But so Don Fry is on inside MMA and he starts say, he goes, the Russians are the fucking last real men left. He got here. See if you can find it. See if you can find it. It's fucking amazing because Don Fry, who's like the manliest man of all time with his fucking crazy cowboy mustache goes old school. He goes, he goes, damn, Russians are the last real man left. What does Kenny, Oh, coming up later this month against Molo all, does that surprise you that Fedor decided to skip the UFC and go strike force way?


No, not at all. You gotta You know, go where you're happy and go where you're most comfortable and go for the money. Smart. And that's gotta be the deal with Fedor, right? I mean, because he, he owns M1. He is M1 basically. Well, I tell you that Russians don't like being told what to do. Especially by some pansy, you know, God, Russians are last men on the planet. you know, everybody in the US been feminized so bad. We all ought be carrying a purse. High heels, You know. And those are last men. We need a Putin. Where's our Putin You know We need someone who's kick ass and not Running around Apologizing for it. Yeah. This looks great. Putin was like a Man. Here comes, we need, we need Don Fry today. Right. Keep that same energy, man.


Keep that same. We need him right now. He's on Fry Run for President Don Fry. He's all fused up too. Oh. yeah. He's got a bunch of back injuries. I'd love to see John c re play him and his life story that imagine a comedy version of Fight. He would've Fight scene that he'd have to wear a rubber suit Scy. Yeah. He'd have to, yeah. A fat suit. He'd have to hit the, he'd have to get Jack Mfi. Yeah, because Don Fry at one point in time, remember when he got Jack Mfi and he was like 2 30, 2 35 with Fujita. Just Oh. yeah. John Fry was a fucking statue. He was a Michaelangelo statue, you know? Fuck yeah. We need more Don Fry. That Tatiana fight was one of the craziest fights in all of history. Oh. yeah. Standing in front of each other, punching each other in the face.


Like how let's play that. How many times? Oh, the fights are about to happen. The Leach. This is, you said like three years up. What? Chinaman Here. we go, that's the Leach first round bad. The, the time on screen is 4 55. 4 54. 4 53, 4 52. Alright, so this is this Carlos Preta. Yeah. And Leach, he's taking what, two years off? I I is this that dude that smoke cigarettes? Is this that nasty dude that he, he just landed a vicious knee knockout in his last fight and he smoked cigarettes. Is this that That's what I'm thinking about, right. You talking about The Asian guy? No, the the Brazilian cat. Yeah. And he's the favorite.


Yeah, because Well, yeah. Has like 18 losses, bro. This this kid in the black, the kid in the black shorts. He's good dude, he's good. He's horrible. I watched what he's, he's he's nasty. I'm pretty sure this is the dude. I, I really have to apologize if I'm wrong, but I'm pretty sure this is the dude. Is that him? Yeah. There he is. Smoking cigarettes. Yeah. He's like, I'm a fighter. I'm not an athlete. He goes, I'm a fighter. So this dude smokes, he's, he's been smoking since he was like 14 or something. But the most important thing is like, he's nasty. He knows how to fuck people up. And he is got really good timing, man. He's a real fighter. But back, back to your point. See, I think most first rounds go like this.


It's the feeling up period. Why, why winning this round? Why should that count Becausecause? Some don't at the exact same man. Becausecause, some don't. Brian. So what do you do? It doesn't You know you. You're right. Like there's, there's a bunch of different factors involved in fighting. I think one of the problems is the scoring system. The Must system, Right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I think that's our, that's our primary problem because I think it's a borrowed system that deals with a one dimensional sport. It's a very complicated sport, but it's one dimension, meaning punching. Right. It's complicated. I'm not dismissing boxing. I think you don't ever see boxing at the level. You've seen world championship fights like a Loma Chenko. You never see that level of boxing in the UFC and you probably never will. I don't think it's possible to achieve that level unless you're only doing that thing.


Correct. Impossible. Yeah, because you don't, you can't even do that. That if guys are trying to take you down all the time, you won't develop your skillset set the same way. If you're training MMA the same way, look, you get a few freak athletes, you get your Roy Jones juniors that can do shit that nobody else can do. But for the most part there's too much to focus on in MMA. Yeah. Boxer's hands are way better. Correct. They're just, they're always going to be way better. Like you can't, you can't deny that. No, there's not enough hours in the day to get to that elite level. I mean, look at Francis dedicated his life to boxing for what, two, three years? Yeah. Yeah. It's a different thing. Well also like the Joshua fight, like Joshua had the opportunity to watch him fight and figure out patterns. But that's how but shouldn go. Right, right, right, right, right.


if you would've knocked out Joshua in 30 seconds, I'm like, oh shit. Don't you think like Joshua is the more dangerous guy to fight second. A hundred percent. Yeah. 'cause he's got that lethal one punch sleeper power knockout artist gold mass. Fastest as fuck. Fastest as fuck Dude. That right handed he cracked Francis with. I was like, oh Lord, I'm missing this fight. Huh? Yeah. This kid's nasty, man. I forget who he fought in his last fight, but I was, I was watching it while I was listening to music and working out. So I wasn't completely paying attention to like what the commentators were saying, but I was watching the kids' movement. I was like, damn, this kid moves good. And Dana's announced some fucking Beastie fights lately.


Yeah, man. I'm really excited about Khalil Rountree. Although the purest in me is like, what about Aunt Iev? Uncle Iev should be next for the title, right? I mean, I mean Kalil. Yeah. I I hear Khalil's won five in a row and that light heavyweight Oh. yeah. Right. For sure. But, and Clive also had a draw. Right? He had the law. Like he hasn't been that exciting. And I get it. The Pierce goes, well, it doesn't matter if it's exciting, if he's winning, you gotta give him a title shot. I know Jamal Hill posted. He was mad trying to bad bro. Jamal was mad because Khalil had failed a, a drug examination. But they knew exactly what that was about. It, it, it was about something that's very, it's very, it's DHEA. It doesn't help your performance.


It doesn't help your performance at all. It's just a banned substance. Yes. And it's an accidental ingestion. It's not something that you would get any benefit from performance wise. if you tested hot for like Deca and they had 'em in a time fight, they only got a problem. Not only he informed them the moment he found out. Yeah. His shit had DHEA in it and they only gave him a two month suspension, so he didn't do anything wrong. Didn't benefit. There's a bunch of stuff that's banned. I don't know why. It's a lot. But, but also I, I think too, just for Alex, like this is his story, right? Like they need a main event and Clive is already paired up. So Khalil's won five in a row. He's Ready to go. Who is that match? He fighting next rack. Oh, that's right.


When is that fight? Oh, oh, the other, the left hand dude, I'm telling you man. And the leach is good, dude. The Leach is getting pieced up. Is the head like a rot? Your fucking hands up brotherly, accurate Dude, look at that knee of the body, man. This dude's good, man. He's good. And he's got good head movement too. When punches are coming his way, he's, he slips like right there. Look how you, oh, he slips away from shit and counters in the danger zone. You know he gets in the danger zone. He had the leech in some trouble. Leach can take a punch though. So this will be a fun fight, bro. You remember when Hamza just picked him up and took him over to Dana White bro? And he is like, I have five fight tied up. Those were the, those were the days. Those were the days.


Who was the guy recently that like, he broke like the longest losing streak. Charles Bennett There was just recently. Oh, Crazy horse. He lost 19. Yeah. Crazy horse felony. You can't call him Crazy horse. Oh, it's felony now. Yeah. 'cause I was commentating his event and Yeah, You know bro. We're old school. Crazy old. He's always been crazy horse. I was like, what's up? Crazy horse. He like, it's a felony. I'm like, all right man. Well come on man. It's like Bobby Green. You gotta call him King Green. Oh, Bobby s like A, it's felony because it's a crime. I keep losing all these fights, getting Fights. Hey bro, I was super impressive. Patty Ble super impressive. Pent. Yes. Bobby can fight. Hell yeah. Bobby Green can fight the pros pro. He was in trouble on the feet. He was getting his legs kicked out from under him on the feet.


You know Patty Ble put on a clinic in that fight. How good did his, it was just such a perfect, yeah, he looked great and he gained 40 pounds since then. He said, bro, sick. He's such Crazy. How does he do that? Just He's like crazy. He just goes nuts. But the point is like, in that fight, like, yeah, it's, you shouldn't do that. I would say don't do that. But also, but also the kind of guy that would eat 40 pounds and stick his belly out, that's a wild motherfucker. And that wildness with discipline, like when he's in camp, could be a perfect storm. It's a great storm. It's like John Jones. It's A. little bit of that. Yeah. A little bit A, little bit of that kind of that crazy. But, but John is disciplined. It it, it's tough.


'cause with Pat, like he's getting away with it right now. And yeah, he beat Bobby who's ranked whatever 11. But at a certain level you are gonna have to stop doing that when you get to the top five. Like, I don't know if that's gonna fly You know what I'm saying? Like you gotta tighten it up at some point. Right now he is having fun doing his thing. He's not fighting like the creme deal or cramp. But Haven't people been criticizing Tady this whole time? Of course. That he's a fraud or, yeah, of course. Yeah. But they always say that with people that are, you know, when they're more, when they're more famous Than's their ranking someone right. But also he like, like straight up dude in, in Liverpool, they call him the fifth Beatle. He can't walk down the street. I, I worked with him in San Diego, even San Diego. I was like, damn, they know he out here like shut the street down.


He's so famous and wasn't ranked. So a lot of other fighters have animosities. So the fans hate him 'cause they think he hasn't earned it. That dude was whooping ass out in England, like destroying, he was making more money, not fighting the UFC. He took a pay cut to fight in the UFC. He was headlined events out there, selling out arenas. And finally his manager was like, yo man, you gotta compete in the U ffc. And he was like, why I am making money. He's like, it's just if you want to be the best, we gotta do this. Even though you're gonna take a pay cut. So that's why he went over, I don't know if you guys caught this in between rounds, but the Leach has a blonde Asian female corner. Man. What's That Supposed to be? Shit. Telling him what to do. So he's about to get knocked out.


How dare you. What if she's like a K one champion? No, that's the lady that was a, that was, that was Trump's secret service lady. Remember her That Hit behind the fumbling With the gun? Yeah. That was a mess. She Might be thought, she thought She's gonna shoot herself. I'm like, if imagine if she shoots herself in the hip. That lady was in burst mid panic sh putting that gun away, bro. Are we in a movie or is this real life? I need to know someone changed the movie. I need to know because like if it, if it is a movie, boy, the writing is amazing. Yeah. Like if this is a simulation, what a great simulation. I mean it's crazy. All of it's crazy. Happy to be on the cast. I mean slap fighting. What I Mean, everything, everything.


President Kamala slap all the things, all the things Fucking save the sharks. What the fuck are we doing? Oh no. What are we doing? We're saving sharks. Save the sharks. Shouldn't we kill the sharks? Is that a thing? Yeah. People we're try to save sharks. You know a podcast talking about the sharks. Oh my God. Right? Didn't it change the way you think about sharks? No, I've, dude, I'm not taking crap. I've always said said that, you always thought that, I've always fucking said this. 'cause they're like, You know, you're more likely you're die a car crash and get eaten by a shark. I'm like, now if I swim in the ocean every day to work, yeah. The fuck you talking about? Way more likely to get eaten land. Carlos is lighting the leach up. But what I liked about when I watched this guy fight is his management of distance. Like he's always in the right spot to counter you and he sneaks outta stuff like real nice.


He uses his range really well and he's got real good timing, right? Yeah. Like he knows what you're capable of doing when you're moving forward. You know, some guys get caught up in like the anxiety of exchanges sometimes and they misjudge and miscalculate timing and distance. And when a guy's really good at calculating time, timing and distance when something's coming at him, that's a, that's a special talent. Yeah. Connor, when he fought Eddie Alvarez perfect example of it. Perfect mastery of the best of timing there. It's, I know exactly what you can do. I'll let your your punch touch me. I do. And then Bing Anderson Silva stuff. And Bon same. I think Connor and Eddie Alvarez is the best one ever. I really do. This is it This, that cowboy one with Rick's story.


Ooh. Oh, oh my God. That combination. The Mortal Kombat combo. Oh my God. Incredible. Terrible. Well, no, he's hurt. He's hurt Brian. He's, he has such a big head that can't put Him away. Hurt. And, and also that guy's Fucking, oh my God. That's it. I'm telling you this Carlos price, He kept trying to dodge with it just his head. He was hurt dude. His head stupid. He was hurt. No. Yeah. No. He was hurt. You gotta understand, once a guy gets lit like that, like your legs aren't moving good. You don't know what the fuck is happening. Reaction time slowly. Yeah, you're confused Right now. He's thinking I shouldn't have hired a blonde Asian woman. You Suck Bitch Tony. Also, I gotta be, I'm always, I gotta be careful mic and said that because fucking around with you. I, I'll be in the same room with one of these motherfuckers and be like, remember that shit you said motherfucker.


Man, you laughed when Tony and Chop made that joke. Yeah. Yeah. You don't want some, some dudes get like very sensitive Oh. yeah. You don't want that heat. He's still out. Look at that. You don't want that heat. Oh. yeah. He got rocked, dude. Yeah, he got rocked. That guy is, he took a beating. Very Good. Crazy thing was that his head movement was incredible the whole time. That guy's just so accurate. And which you were saying Carlos Is fuck. Look at that one, two man, that's beautiful. I'm telling you man, this kid, his timing, it's really good. And you gotta understand that a guy like this is just gonna get better and better with world class competition. So the Leach You know the Leach has been You know top 25 guy for a while, right? He he's been out. Yeah. And he's been out two years. Yeah. Like what the highest, you would imagine the leach would be ranked 15 maybe.


Right? Maybe he's in that sort before Ham. Ham top five. Yeah. So it's a fucking world class fighter wanna run around. Yeah's a world class fighter. And this dude just pieced him up. He's, he's not the best in the division, but he's representative of a really elite MMA professional trainer. It's a great, it's a, it's a great feathering dude's cap. Yeah. Like that's a great step for his career. Like this is how but shouldn go. This is what this dude also Leach might must sound badass in Mandarin. 'cause that's a shitty English nickname, right? I think it's 'cause he's such a good grappler. He clings on You like a leach. Is that it? I don't care. That's my guess. I don't think he's that good of a grappler Or, 'cause he sucks Second degree black belt. He comes. Yeah. I'm fucking Molly. Welcome in Juujitsu. Yeah. What'd you say?


Yeah, he's a second degree black belt jujitsu. I think So. Where'd you come up with that? I think I, It's rare here. Second degree. That's why I'm suspect, that's why I got skeptical Hippo eyes. It's possible. I mean, depends on who. Look at that ranked jujitsu black belt. Yeah. it might very well be. I'm A big fight fan. Look At that. Young Tony nails it. He for sure is really good. you know, real good grappler. But Hamza just raed all them. But Hamza's a freak man. How about especially at one 70. Hamza's driving me nuts. A he's never making one 70 again. So let's not even talk about why not? 'cause he, he can't make the weight. He's win 85. But win. He does. He but when he does, he's a pre mantis eating wasps.


Yeah. You ever see that? Is that, is that, is that Gordon's Gordon? Ryan's, yeah. Yeah. That's Gordon's so cool. That's Gordon's belt. He's competing. You ever see a praying mantis eating the was hell? Yeah. Yeah. I watched a thousand of those. Yeah. I've seen a thousand videos of praying Manis eating other things. Praying Manti eats the male praying mantis. That's kind of what he was like. Yeah. He fucked him up when Hamson was like grabbing a hold of people at one 70. He was, he was kinda like a praying mantis. There was eating other bugs. He fucking dude's up. Yeah. But he can't make the weight. He's, he's too un unreliable. He just needs to be A little bit more disciplined bro. Bro. One 70. He's almost unstoppable, dude. How, how Even when Gilbert caught him, Gilbert caught him on the noggin. Yeah. Multiple times and dropped him. Remember? Yep.


That was a wake up call for, for him. He still fucking kept going. Like he still, like that guy never stopped coming. That's why I'm excited to see, even though he got clipped and hurt. Look at this. Here's they're eating wasps. They're so slow. They're not slow, dude. They catch hummingbirds. You never seen a praying mantis catch a hummingbird? No, man. Oh son, get em. Let's go, let's go. So it's the nuttiest thing. So they sit over those water feeders where the hummingbirds come and they just sit there and when the, the hummingbirds fuck up and they don't realize that that's a murderous assassin waiting for them. Watch this snatch. Damn. That's your ass bitch. Damn. They're fucking strong, bro. They're crazy strong. They're strong. Like something that's a hundred times bigger than it is.


Got 'em in the uma plotter. It's not a question of the bird getting away. The bird's never gonna get away. Oh, this person just knocked the fucking, the guy's a douche bag. Yeah, you're a douche circle. Life Cock block. Yeah. That's a person who is like, he values, he values birds over insects. That's a white dude that voted for Kamala Harris. All he did was just make that species of bird dumber. The dumb bird deserves to die. Right. Good point. That's evolution. Evolution. Yeah. Yeah. But the thing is murder. Like, why do we prefer they're both alien to us. if you saw a bird without its feathers, like what the fuck is that thing? Right. Like what, what are those things? It's just they look pretty because they have feathers. Why do we, why do we like the insects less than we like the Birds Because they not cute, I guess.


Right? How close? They're kind of cute. Not weird. No, no. I mean, I put it to like this, you ever met somebody that like loves spiders? They're never normal people like you. No. Like a dude who has snakes. Right? Right. Get the fuck outta here. Aware. You don't have snakes. Bitch. You got a monster that you feed. Yeah. He's like, oh, look at my little buddy. Fuck you, man. That thing doesn't give a fuck if you live or die. That's a goddamn reptile. A sli monster. I think We're pro, we're programmed to like cute shit. Yeah. That's Disney too, right? Yeah. If You like with snakes, if you're like a snake person, You like to live with snakes and I mean maybe you're cool. You think? I mean, I'm open-minded. I'm open-minded. Yeah. I'm willing to maybe accept maybe a cool, maybe Jake the snake.


But if you have like goth makeup on and like, like platform shoes and yos snakes and your best friend's a Python. Yeah. What happened? You're weird. What happened? I was in New York South walking around New York last week. I saw rats that were in my weight class. I mean, absolutely just fat ass. Like, oh, look at that trash bag over there. And it just starts running away, bro. It was crazy. I saw one in New Jersey once. I'll never forget this. We were coming up to this pool hall and as we're walking from the parking lot to the door, I see this rat. It's by this dumpster that's the size of a cat. God, it was so big, man. It was like, no bullshit. That big.


That big. And standing up on its hind legs. Yep. Like bearing its teeth at us. Yep. I and I was in a hot panic. I was like, dude, Yep. What if that Attacks us? That's a problem. This Is crazy. Yeah. There was literally one that looked like a fucking kangaroo. A kangaroo master splitter on its fucking back legs running like that. And They know they can scare you off. Yeah. Especially the bigger ones. And Why, why don't we think they cute? They mammals. Oh. But we like squirrels. We love squirrels. But people think squirrels are cute, but Squirrels are just rats. Rats with fancy coat. Just Cute. Cute to rat. A rat. A rat is a is hairs on its tail away from being Adorable? Yeah. The squirrels have fluffy tail privilege, right? Yep. It's fluffy tail privilege. Don't, don't. Rats don't. They find some rats like in New York, they have like the black plague on 'em and shit.


Oh. yeah. They have a bunch of shit. Yeah bro. There's a documentary on Netflix. Rats. You ever watched that documentary? Yeah. There's more rats than humans watch that. Well, it's not just that. It's like they test them for all these crazy diseases all over the country. All over the country. They find these rats, they test them, but just plague. They have old two shit, horrible ancient diseases to wipe out mankind. Ugh. Same thing. Same thing. Did I ever tell you my rat story when I lived in Encino? Encino. So I lived in Encino and I, I was renting this house and it had a garage and that's where I put my garbage out before I would put it outside in the morning. So I'd You know, open my door, put my garbage out. And then I heard a bunch of rattling around and I heard snap and I go out there and this big fucking rat, big rat got caught in the rat trap.


I was like, whoa. But I was tired. I didn't wanna deal with this fucking rat. So I went to sleep and I said, I'll deal with it in the morning. I'll throw it out. and I got up in the morning. I go out to the garage and there's a skeleton. I mean, not even a skeleton. There's like almost nothing left except the tail. They ate him. The other rats. The other rats ate 'em savage. Oof. I mean they must have eaten them immediately. Mm. They must have just started eating 'em immediately. Like an instant cannibalism. And here I am, I'm renting a fucking four bedroom house in the hills on a television show. And I'm watching National Geographic play out in my garage. God, Doug with animals eating their kin after they get tricked and biting on peanut butter, get their fucking neck nap You like, well I guess we gotta eat Harry.


I'm just, I'm just imagining the the, the rats like trying their last time to free 'em. And they're like, we can't get you out Chuck, bro. I Don't think There was any Trying. They bring out the seasoning. No, no. Guys, wait a minute man, Come on. It was, it was, it was eerie man. It was eerie. It was 'cause it was like, I knew at that moment that I'm sharing, I'm pretending that I'm in this house. Right. I'm pretending I'm separated from the natural world, but I'm not, I'm not, I'm in this, I'm just, I'm this really porous house where things can get in and they barrel in. They live amongst you and they hide from you when you're around. Oh, that's one's eating the other one.


Oh no. Their brains that is feasting on the brains of their dead friend. Ugh. That's, that's why doing fucks with rats, man. People have pet rats. You don't see squirrels doing that. But here's the thing, man, if you don't feed people, they do the same thing. Like, it's like it's wild things. It's things that are living a hard life for survival. Yeah. Like if you feed rats, they don't do that. Like if you have a rat like sanctuary You know where you have a whole room that's filled with rats and they have have plenty of food, they're like, Hey, what's up? You can come up to 'em, pick 'em up and they're friends. They're not gonna cannibalize each other. Yeah. But every time I hear stories like that I need to know like, are those suburban rats or those rats from the streets? I think rats the time hood from the street.


It's just rats. Rats are adaptable just like pigs are. And people are, that's what I think. Totally. Rats are super adaptable, right? Yeah. Supers super adaptable. Rats and roaches. Yeah. Gangster. They're super, but rats are weird. And like they, they get the younger rats to check stuff. That's right. When there's poison the food, they're like, Hey, if you're hungry, go try that first. Yeah. They let the younger rats go get, take a bite, take a bite of that, that thing snap. Oh look, Harry got got wow time. Eat Harry. Or if you just eat 'em or if There was poison in it, they like eat it and they'd wait and like, it's good. Let's Eat it. Oh, I see that. Usually you ever see those videos where they, they have like a real sticky floor and they one at a time they run out and get stuck and run out and get Stuck in em.


Oh, that's a rat trap. It's almost like honey looks like honey. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Those are nasty. Oh, that's terrible. That they fucking high stepped through that shit. They high stepped through like a fucking running back. That's rat from mice. Yeah. I think he's from mice rat. That's, I mean I've never seen a rat get out of it, but I don't know. We have a rat issue in my backyard and my girl bought one of those. I'm like, they fucking, he's gonna fucking steamroll right through that thing. Yeah. Rap. You see their little pulses problems are weird, man. The rap problems are weird. That's why people don't like coyotes. But guess what? That's the only thing that keeps those rap populations down. Really? Yeah. And hawks. It don't hawks fuck ems. Sure. All those things. Yeah, you're right. Hawks in the valley. We got hawks and tides, mountain lions if they can catch 'em. But it's me, bobcats for sure.


But pick your poison. You need something to kill those rats. Snakes. Sure snakes can kill 'em. Yeah. But you, you definitely need things that eat rats. You can't just have rats. No, I cannot fuck with this dude. Every time I see him drink out of a shoe, it makes me wanna fucking To Ivo. Dude. Gross. You gotta stop This. He tried to drink outta my shoe where it was like, that's not happen. I drank out of his shoe. I'm like, bro, I could tell you some stories about my feet that would make you stop that. And and they, they called a shoe and they spit in it before I must throw. Oh, I must throw up. And it was a straight, it was a straight lu guy. I must threw up. This is a good fight though, man. 'cause jerk ain going, Rosen strike going. He's a elite striker. And Ty to IA is an elite striker too.


These dudes are, I mean Ty, he's like Derrick Lewis with a good back. He well, he's very skillful man. Like his kickboxing's very high level. He's the guy that like, unfortunately he hit Francis with a cup inside leg kicks. And Francis was like, fuck this. Francis Homo Simpson him and just ran at him like this. This is like, we know we have pity pattern. I'm just gonna storm the gates and I think I can knock you out before you can knock me out. And he just caught him with one shot. It was batshit too. Like that's strategy. Like who does that? Wild. Yeah. Wild. I mean isn't that, that's the upside to have a neck one punch power is Oh. yeah. You can't just ignore those. I think it was also Francis recognizing I don't like the way this is going.


Like this, this staying on the outside. He's chopping on the inside of my leg. His timing's really good. There was animosity too leading into That. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But It, it's weird to have a training camp and then fight like that. Like we don't need to even have a training camp. Well, You know what it is, is just, I think Francis at the end of the day knows all he has to do is touch you. And so it's like, fuck this. This guy kicked me again. He kicked me again. Yeah. Yeah. Fuck this. Let's get the fuck outta this. And he just launch, he's like, maybe he just senses that he could just launch at this guy. Francis has a fight coming up. Yeah, he's fighting that dude. That Ferrera guy. That guy's Big bro. But that dude just keeps getting better and scarier. Francis. Yeah. Wait till you See this Brazilian. He's Brazilian's huge dude. Oh my man. That's the, the steep, the steep a loss like changed Francis in a way where it's like, he's super, super scary to me now.


Oh, he's very scary. Did you watch the Joshua fight though? No. All right. Oh, you just about the boxing? Yeah. Oh. yeah. But that's again, that's different. Jamie show that dude versus that PFL fight that they just had. He lost Bad, worse than I thought he would. That's How but shouldn go though versus Ryan Bader. Did you see the last ZS movie? See where he's hitting people in the nuts? Who hit people In the nuts? Francis Nano. Oh God. It's so funny. It's like, so this Dude is the, the dude that Francis gonna fight Ferrera. Wow. These jump cuts Are terrible. And he hen Ferrera is so bad, bro. He's fucking good. That was Jamie. Jamie did that. Oh, okay. He just fast forward Fast Thought that was the me too. I was dog dog Ryan Bader, who's spent a lot of his career at 2 0 5 and this dude is, hasn't been 2 0 5 since he's eight.


Ryan Bader is a undersized heavyweight. Yeah, he's a light heavyweight. Yeah, he's a light heavyweight. But he's got success at heavyweight as he is gotten older because it, it helps him to not cut weight and he's a real good fighter. But this fucking dude is so big. Look at that right hand. Ryan caught him there though. Yeah, but not enough. He's too light in the ass. The thing is, it's also, it's just like the timing in that right hand. Like that's elite man. He's six eight, he's a big fella. Grab a basketball and I've seen some of his videos from other fights. Watch how he lands his punch too. Check out this timing on this. This is fucking nice. His footwork for being six eight. Nice. His footwork ain't no punk either. No, he's good. Not a easy fight for not an easy fight. That's I'm saying don't like it saying, and there's a lot on the line.


And also seven people gonna watch. You're coming off of a knockout also, unfortunately, the, the, the, the death of his son, which is a horrible tragedy that he can't even talk about it. Joe, how could a guy like be completely able to prepare just emotionally to fight? No. When your son just died. Nope. Like that'll haunt you. Right. No matter how strong you are physically, no matter how strong you are mentally, your son just died. You're gonna be filled with sadness. Yeah. Unless you, unless you killed him. No, he definitely didn't. Right. Unless your son was a real piece of shit. Yeah. Like your son was like a pedophile clown or something. Yeah. He's like 27 though. This kid was three, you know. Yeah. Yeah. It's a, it's a horrible story. So it's like this guy's gotta get over that.


Then he is gotta get over the first knockout of his career against a guy like Anthony Joshua, who's an Olympic gold medalist in your second professional fight ever. Which is so crazy. Who the fuck goes from fighting the heavyweight champion to an Olympic gold medalist? Two fights in a row. Your first two pro fights. As crazy as it is. Think about who goes against the UFC and then it actually works out for him. Never. It's never nobody but him. Nobody but him. So he leaves fights Fury. We're like, this is insane. He's gonna get fucking Molly Wp pretty close fucking fight sometimes. He won. Thought won. Thought he won. I thought he won. I thought he won. We thought he won. I thought he won. And then with Joshua, that's when I was like, all right man. Like if, if this is the re reality, if we're not in the simulation, he should get starch.


And that's what happened. But he made more money in those two fights than he ever did in MMA his entire career. it might have ever been able to Oh, not even close. Yeah, because one of the things, what You know hats off to the Saudis, what they're doing is incredible. 'cause they're just saying, we have all the money. Why don't we just make these fights happen? We want the best fights. Like, Hey, hey Terrence Crawford, do you wanna fight Canelo Alvarez? Yeah. Hey Canelo Alvarez, you wanna take fight Terrence Crawford? Let's fucking I'll I That's not happening anymore though. What? No, no, no, no. Canelo doesn't want it. This is what Canelo doesn't wanna do. He doesn't wanna talk about other fights. Why he's preparing for this fight that he's gonna have in September. Correct. And so he is like, I don't talk about like future fights before I fight this dude that I have to fight, but then that Saudi sheiks like talking shit to Canelo, which I don't like.


I don't like little respect there. It's fucking Canelo dude. Yeah, But when you the Sheik, you ain't gotta Respect. No bro. Did you see he made Dana hold his hand. That's how You know. He Oh that's crazy. And I'm not talking like this. I'm talking interlock fingers. Dana was like, fuck it. Nice. Yeah. Cus I do the same. What do you I do the same. What's the most of all the cultures that get handsy that men are allowed to get handsy with you? What's the one culture that, what is the one that does the most grabbing, the one that does the most like hugging, holding onto you? You have to hug with them and walk with them. Well I would, I would kiss each other in the cheeks and I would probably say Italians. No, Italians love it. Italian dude. Say India cheek To India because they get real handsy.


It's One of those countries where, where they don't have space where like you on you on the bus and you, everybody so used to people touching them. Not good. Yeah. Not girl. You don't want that. Well that's that, that chic though. You like, yeah. They look like a side piece dog. I like it. I like it. I liked it too. I liked it too, man. but shouldn like, but shouldn but shouldn make you sing a Beatle song too. You know what it I it was such, it was such a boss move. It was such a boss move. It, was it gay You? know what I'm saying? Right, right, right. Of course not because you, you watching that damn transfer is at 35%. You're like, I'm a, I'm a I'll put my hand in this niggas pocket until this shit get at a hundred. I Have a choice. Give him my hand or give him my head. Give Him my fucking head. It's amazing what you can get done with a lot of money. Yeah. Oh. yeah.


Everybody just sort of shuts the fuck up pretty much. Except Canelo is kinda like You know you kinda just gotta do it my way just 'cause he's set. You can do anything with money, but get somebody to love you. Yep. Yeah, He's good. Elon. Elon can hold my hand anytime he wants. I'd let him, I'll let him know. I'll tell, tell him I'll call him right now. Yeah. I'll, I'll hold Elon's pocket like we prison. One finger just, Just mopping around with him. Jarno, this fight's not gonna go along. If it does, it's gonna be a bad fight. Oh, it's gonna be a wild fight. For sure. Look tied to IVAs has never been in a boring fight in his fucking life. Damn. That dude knows one way. Like let's fucking go. That guy literally should have let's fucking go tattooed on his chest. How's so, How's he so dry?


Don't they don't they warm up in the Some guys don't. Some guys don't. Or pat down. They warm up A little bit. you know, they just get ready. He Got ashy nipples. That's What I was gonna Yeah, you said it. He Doesn't look that dry. Not him. Not him. The black dude. Oh, Jarno. Oh. yeah. That's tough. Watch when they go, when they go back to him. I like, yeah, he looks like he just walked out of a volcano Doing this shoeing Literal, like he just got like, he just got rescued out a fire Drinking agave off a flip flop. Jesus Christ, Let's go, let's Go, let's go. Let's fucking Go Mark Garnet. That's a thing that people, I becomes the mothership.


He's like fucking volcano dude. Hey Mike. Fucking volcano. There's a thing though about, I think Georgina, what youve seen is you That he's ashy from the shoulders down. He's tattoos brother. It's tattoos. Oh, it's ashy. Skinny Oh. yeah. No, they're talking about Rose. You're talking about, you're talking I'm talking about Rose's truck. Oh, you, he got tattoos on his chest, doesn't he? Oh, aren't those tattoos? I don't hear me. Tattoos. Tattoos. You can't see Brian. Brian, did you hear me? I called em as she's scary. Oh my god. Those tattoos that Ty has are the most painful. Apparently they, that's those tapping style. Oh, inside ancient. Fuck that bro. But they, they do it that ancient way where they tap it in with a stick.


It some wood bro. Takes like six years. Yeah. Like look at it. It's all over his body. His legs. It goes up up to his ass. You gotta be a crazy motherfucker to get that done. Yo. Have you seen anything now like what the rich athletes are doing is they're getting, they're getting put under and getting their full body down. That's some bullshit post. Did that, that's some bullshit. That's fucking Bitch Post Malone did that. Oh post. I think he just went out for like eight hours. Bud Light. Now this god damn post is that, find out. That's true. I thought it was a good idea. If you're, if you don't mind being knocked unconscious by doctors. Fuck. That's just so dangerous though. I'm not really interested in that. Anesthesia is nothing worse for you. It's definitely not good for you. Yeah, I'm about nothing. Yeah. Rose Jarno definitely has tattoos, bro.


I don't think so, man. I don't think so. Some Bobby Green style tattoos. No, You know. Honestly though, I think he just got shimmery skin. Well, ah, let's not talk about these things i's talk about the fight itself. Tony. Ty is in the chamber. Ty's being, look how fucking patient Tai to EVAs is been Respect. Yeah. That's what that is. That's respect for the power of industry. It's also like he's sort of like, You know he's had some losses where he got caught and so he tr you know, figured out what, what went wrong in the serial gun fight? What went wrong? A little more calculated. Yeah. A little more calculated. Fight a little smarter. And then, you know, when shit gets wild, you know, he is gonna throw it's in his DNA.


Yeah. Like you can only be controlled for so long. Then he just has that fucking Maui warrior and it'll come out. Which also leads to a lot of chaos. Right. He wins a lot, especially at heavyweight. Yeah. He wins. But that's also why we love him. Yeah. That overhand ride from Rosen struck could be a very serious problem. He's fucking good man. And he's, he's, he's, look, look at that timing of like moving away from that low kick. He's got that Derrick Lewis power man. Oh well He's the one who split Alistair over Abraham's face open. You ever see that? No. That's the craziest picture in all of MMA damage. He hit Alistair with a looping right hand and caught him on the face, ripped his lip clear, open to his nose. Oh, I do remember that. Yeah. That's Dario.


He looked like in Phoenix at the end of the fight. There was like a few seconds left in the fight and he leaps and catches him with a hook like on the face, bust his mouth open. It was crazy. You, you do You know the most brutal knockout when over him got knocked out by Francis. Yeah, that's the brutal. It was like a loony tune upper cut in his neck goes woo woo, woo woo. Definitely the most brutal Look at that shit. Is that the most brutal Oh? yeah. That was crazy. Yeah, that's his lip. That was his lip when Jarno broke his face open. Oh God. That's crazy man. Yep. That looks like hamburger meat. Back in the old days he would just have a lists for the rest of his life. They wouldn't even sew that shit up. You think that's More brutal than the, than the flying knee from from game bread.


Oh, against. Oh that's good. That's arguable, that's arguable. Good point. Yeah, good point. You know what the different is. You know what the, I, they're both brutal. But remember Al Overman was a K one world champion Striker. Right. His fucking neck. Right. And the upper cut's So brutal. Like, 'cause Ben's down, he's shooting and you see that flying knee, it was so fast. It's definitely one, one A, one B that fucking over that upper cut over him ate from and it's Francis from downtown. Just fucking, no doubt. Oh bro. Full power. How much would you have loved to see saucy over him versus Francis Saucy? The old days, the good old times. Yeah. Before There was sophisticated drug testing.


The good old times, like when Alistair ovarian fought Brock Lesner. Oh Jesus. Can you imagine saucy Francis? That would be, he wouldn't make weight saucy. Francis wouldn't make weight cuts weight on the nat to get to 2 65. There's the upper limit. No, 2 65 is the limit. 2 65 is the limit. No fatties. No fatties in UFC. No Fatties. There's not enough big guys. It's so dumb. There'll never be a UFC butter bean. No sir. But the thing is there could be, and this is my thought, my thought is, oh God, there should be no limitation for the heavyweight division and just open it wide open and have a 2 25 have a, a mid division. I would, I would've fought at 2 25 because I I, I'd weigh in around 2 34.


I was always smaller. Always smaller. And then there's this, these guys like semi hilt who's like seven feet tall, 300 pounds cutting down. You have a, you have a guy like steep a or Yeah, do yeah. Dosantos me like all around 2 30, 2 40 fighting two C 25 pound weight difference. Big difference between guy like Francisco and real 25. Yeah. When it's muscle you're fucked. So they can't do a super heavyweight. They should. There's not a big guys should, they should just do a heavyweight, like a, instead of like making another 1 2 65 and above. 'cause there is not enough. It's like We, were talking about the, the talent pool. Like the talent pool and the heavyweight division is not nearly as deep as like the 1 55 pound division. 'cause there's a lot of dudes who weigh 1 55.


Right. That are elite fighters. There's not a lot of dudes at 2 65 that are elite fighters. Also, if the, if you're two six, let's say you're 2 26 and over and you're athletic, you ain't fighting for a living, you're playing the NFL. Right? You, you're playing, you're making real money. It's more attractive options that aren't gonna give you fuck the brain damage athletes that are big aren't going the OC. Yeah. Especially if you're tall. Like why would you do this to yourself when you could just fucking shoot threes. Yeah. Get cheer chunk your basketball Whatcha are doing? Yeah. I wanna wear a fur coat bitch. Yeah. When drive Bugatti, I wanna get my fucking face kicked on TV too big for bug Gotti. So it's like, it's hard for the, you have to be a crazy person to want to do this and then, or have no options. But that when, when you are a crazy person, that's also an elite athlete. Look how far you go.


Correct. You know. Yeah. if you think about like, some of the guys that are in the UFC now, like now that it's like becoming a choice for like young athletes. They're like, they, they realize you can actually get famous and that like suits you more than like playing a sport. It is, it's a, it's a weird trade 'cause yeah, you might be more famous and recognizable but you're not get the same money. True. And You know. But if you don't think and guaranteed money, like if you don't give a fuck about this other sports, like if you're a kid right. And you're growing up and you, you know, your brother gets into Moay Hai and you start doing Muay Hai and you start fucking people up in Moay Hai and then you want learn wrestling and do MMA, like you don't give a fuck who's winning the basketball game. Yeah. You're interested in Muay Hai.


Yeah. You're interested in fucking people up. Yeah. That's what you're gonna pursue. Yeah. You know it just, you're not gonna have a ton of friends with there. Most of those guys don't come through a competitive athletic background, like a high school program. You know some sort of You know college program. It's also not encouraged though, right? Because you're not gonna go to college, get an education if you're fucking kicking dudes in the face. Right. So parents aren't encouraging it. And both of these cats we're looking at right now have been flatlined on TV in front of the world. Yeah. Both of these guys. Nobody wants that. Right. So you have to be a special type of person that can take getting Ed in front of the world like Jarno did and bounce back with no problems at all. But also think about it, if you're 265 pounds, You know there's again, with, with fighting, it's so tough.


There's just no avenue really either. So parents aren't gonna encourage it. No. So who, who would you say is the best athlete at heavyweight right now? I'll tell you who I think at heavyweight about the dude that, the dude that John Johnson. Serial gun. Yeah. Serial gun. Serial gun's A very good athlete. He's very, he's so light on his feet. I think Tom Absol. Whoa. That's good. That's a good possibility too. Ty just caught him, huh? Yeah. Oh. Oh, see now, now Ty's gonna turn it on. So this is like patient ties out the window and now it's wild tie. It's also like he's a race guard burning, you know, race fuel that that bitch is good. Run out fast. It's also, he hurt him. So now he knows he can hurt him and he's got, he's pressing but he got count. He got countered there though. Yeah.


Jarno. Oh bro. Jarno is good man, look, Ty's a fucking chin bro. He's, man, what a chin he's got. He takes an incredible shot. But it's like you just can't get reckless with Jarno. He's very polished. I always think too, if you're like on the bigger end, like Ty, you should get stomach tattoos. It would looks so much better. I think also maybe a big smile though. Gimme Derrick Lewis that he doesn't have Derrick Lewis power 'cause that Derek Lewis would've Finished one. No, no, no. Nobody has Derrick Lewis power. Nobody has Derek Powers most knockouts in Heavy. Oh did he got blasted there? He got bro, Derek has the kind of power that Francis was hesitant to exchange with him. Yeah. Derrick will put you to sleep. He puts everybody to sleep. That Curtis blades knockout when he hit him with that upper cut dude. Yeah.


How about the ov fight? He was losing, losing the fight. And We were just saying that he can knock him out with any punch and then boom. And then he says I had to knock that motherfucker out for Donald. Trump. Yeah. He, he likes to hurt people. Derek Oh. yeah. Especially, he's a really good dude too. Man. If he doesn't, he's a great guy. Great guy. Good dad. If he doesn't like you though, he would like to fuck you up. Yeah. And he doesn't have no problem with that. He doesn't have no problem with doing that. You, you Only you ever follow his Instagram. It's just all Oh. yeah. It's all people getting hurt. And then he goes, he's okay. Yeah, he goes, he's, you know he drives the fucking Lamborghini. Yeah. Small one though. Not like the Ventor. He is a Huon, A heron's a badass car man. It's not meant for big guys.


Like I can't fit in it. Oh, he can't fit in it? Nah. Fuck not. He must have special seats. Oh, he hurt himself. Oh. Oh shit. Oh, Ty hurt his knee or something. Yeah, it looked like he hurt something after that kick. Like he was in pain man. And he stepped back. Yeah man. He stepped back like limping in agony. Yeah. What happened? Oh, his knees fucked up. Look at him. Something's wrong. Yeah. Fuck what happened? These boys are swinging. This is what we wanted though. This this car is crazy. Crazy. That fucking Ty was just barely walking a few steps ago. Look at Ty and look at him now. Fucking knee's gone. What a fucking animal. Dude, something happened. I wish we could hear the commentary because I feel Oh, we're gonna see it in the lower corner. I think it was a check man. I think he checked it.


Nope. Oh, Its his actual leg. Oh. Oh my God. It's above the ankle. It's broke. Do you see that it was bent? No. No, no. I don't think so. Not broke because he's so big he couldn't walk on it but he, I he fucked up. I think when he threw that kick he fucked up his left knee. I, if I can I see that. I can't see it again. Orde hit one of those nerves You. know what I'm saying? I don't think it didn't look, it's hard because it's that little square. But what it looked like to me was like a lot like the aspenal thing. Like when he threw the kick and the supporting leg gave out. Not as bad though. 'cause he's 200 whatever, 70 pounds nearly. So if it, if There was structural damage, there's no way he ain't. Well I think he like, he might have like hyper extended but there's two bones there. Right. I don't think it's a bone thing. Dude. I think he threw a kick and I think his left leg gave out.


I think his supporting leg gave out because sometimes when you throw a kick, if you're not pivoting enough, you put all the pressure on your knee. I actually blew my ACL out kicking the bag when I was 21. So I know the, the injury specifically. I don't know if that's what happened to also him. It's also the TOK in the turn. Yeah. But that's why a lot of times that's what happens to guys is they'll blow out the supporting leg. That's an aspenal. When he threw a kick he blew out his support. Right, didn't he? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And, and that's gonna, that and that's gonna mess with his, with his lateral movement. It all depends on what actually happened. Like I can't tell what happened because he doesn't look like he's limping. Yeah. He's not throwing the same mouth. We could li no OC look Wiggled A little bit there. He might have a torn ACL. Yeah Because like when he tries to move to the side, that's when he fills it.


Not, he might have a torn ACL But lemme tell you something. There's dudes fighting in the UFC at a high level that have torn acls. Well that don't have one at all. They don't have one at all. They've torn. Completely torn. I know for a fact I don't wanna give him up, but I know two, two dudes that have completely Torn acls. John played his whole NFL career without one. Rico Rodriguez was the UFC heavyweight champion. He had torn ACL. Rico was like one of the first Machado black belts and one, and you can manage it. Like I I I've had a torn meniscus since I was an ultimate fighter. But it's beautiful. Yeah. But meniscus is a different thing 'cause it's not structural. It sucks. I I I'm just saying you can, you can deal. It sucks. Yeah. You can deal with it. There's certain ones you can deal with. Like MCL can be tough. But the thing about the ACL that's a real problem is it's the ability.


Yeah. Yeah. you know, 'cause it wiggles around a lot. So there's a lot of guys, they strengthen their hamstrings. They do a lot, but it's never the same. It is. Here it is. Here it is. So let's see what happened. So, oh, so DC's doing our play by play. Let's see. They might not even cover it. They have to. It's a big deal. I would certainly ask. Oh, that roses strike left hand. Oh. Oh dude, he hit him with some accommodations. Here it's, see, okay there it's see Left leg watch. Yep. Supporting leg. Oh, oh, maybe not. Nope. Maybe he hurt that right foot or, or he hit his foot top, top of his foot on his knee. It Could have been either one. It's hard to say because it, I don't think it s looks to me like he was babbling around on the left leg.


That's what it looked like to me. Yeah. But maybe he would DC would know better 'cause he could listen to the corner. It, it looks like you just hurt his foot. I don't think he's special in the way He seems okay now. He seems okay now. Yeah. Like he's not walking bad at all. Now if it was ACL L or structural, his big ass ain't. Yeah. But dudes have blown acls out and kept fighting. I know multiple guys who have fought, they, they blew their knee out. TJ Shaw. Yeah. When he fought, when he beat San Hagen. Right. Same thing. Blew out his ACL Super early in the fight. How about strick and won the fight. Got that motorcycle accident. He doesn't have like a quad. Yeah, his one of his legs. Fuck. That's why he doesn't wrestle a lot, bro. I'm so fucking pumped for this made event. I really need, I'm so pumped. I think is he gonna blow through this guy? So dude, I really hope is he wins. I I kind of need him to win dude.


I'm telling you d trick is is a puzzle that's tough to solve. His timing is so weird. Strickland kind of figured it out though. I thought Strickland beat him. Yep. But He, listen, you know what he reminds me of is that dude, remember when Izzy fought can canna deer? Caner can caner. Yeah. Jar. He reminds me of him where he's like just that kind of unorthodox pressure. Bull in the China pressure always forward Pressure. Bigger guy. But Jared is the only guy that's fought successfully and had Kos at heavyweight, light heavyweight and no weight. Jared is as big as you can get to be 1 8 85. He's massive dog. He's finally getting a good fight again. I thought that last fight was bullshit. Me too. They stopped that fight. Yeah. That was one of the worst premature Stu Jared Caners last fight. They they gave him a good fight. I Was, I was so scared. I was, that was when I was real scared as he was gonna lose.


That dude he fought though is very fucking good. That ABO guy. Yeah. Very. Who did he? No, who, who was it? No it wasn't him. Who was it that Jared Canner just lost to definitely No tattoos. It wasn't abo it was another guy. That other guy that's really good Russian cat. Yes. What's that? No, I'm sorry. Is it emo mob? Yes, Savage. Dude. He's fucking good. Wait, but who? They gave caner next fight. Who's Canner's next fight. He is a good fight. Yes. Hollow Baro. Yeah. That's that dude from Brazil. That dude's a bad motherfucker. Let's good fight. Fuck that dude's a bad motherfucker. That's one. I said it was Ty's toe. He might have broken him. Oh he broke his toe. Toe We can work with, God dammit. How long is that? That fight's a while from now.


How long is that fight? August 24th next weekend. Oh shit. Go to Evaso. So they pulled out Jared pull out. Oh no, he's saying tied to Eva's toe. Not Jared. Oh. yeah. Tied to Evaso. Broke his toe. Oh. yeah. I thought you were saying Jared can and near broke his toe. Oh. Oh. So that's what it was in that fight? Yeah. I That's interesting. Yeah, he hit it right in the top of the knee. That's a terrible fucking injury. Which toe? Probably the big one. Mm. Those injuries suck so hard. He only like has big toes. He had turf toe. He just five big toes You ever had turf toe? Mm. You ever broken your your big toe? You the doctor. There's nothing that they're just like, yeah, we're sandals get on.


They don't do anything. I fucked it up real bad once though. and I broke the top of my foot like here on an elbow. Fuck yeah. They don't, they won't do nothing for your, there's do shit for like, there's nothing you can do. They put in a splint. Yeah. You Ever had an ingrown toenail? Fucking terrible. No punk. Yeah. You ain't lying. I have a lump on one of my feet that still hurts every time I do yoga. 'cause I have to lay it flat. 'cause it's It would it broke and it like lifted up. Oh, calcified. It lifted up too. Yeah. You know. So every time I have to lay flat on it, that broken ass bone, like It won't do nothing for your, for your COIs either. You ever know Your what? Your COIs, you broke your dick? No, no, no. Your co It's the coys horrible Term.


It's the smallest bone in your multiple in your spine. We're all the way at the bottom. You Talking right Between the butt cheek, bro. I Your tailbone. Yeah. I don't even think I have one of those. How about that? It's Probably gone. I bet I don't even have it. Oh. But if you crack it, they, you just Gotta kill it. You have a tailbone. They don't do anything for it. It never heals. Right. Yeah. Brandon shop, how many times do you think you've been kicked in the nuts? Not many. No. Gonzaga kicked me. That's about it. What about in training? Not, not a ton. Really? No. Man. Wow. Which is rare. It's never too late. Let's get the party started. One of the things that I'm amazed in MMA is why more dudes don't wear those Thai cups, those steel tie cups. What do you mean? You can wear a steel cup, which I think is crazy.


It's crazy. You could wear a T tie fighters, when they fight, they wear a steel cup. So they have this steel thing that sucks around your balls and your dick and they tie it down with ropes. It goes up your ass like a G string. It's not about comfortable, it's about like, protect your fucking dick and your balls. That's why I don't wear it from Matt. But here's the thing, man. It's, you remember Amir Ardi? Yeah. Amir ti was training with us at Legends and one time he mounted me and he got me into grapevine and stuck his, his metal dick. His metal dick. Oh Here. we go into my sternum. But it's also, it's so painful. I was like, dude, this is horrible. But Joe think it's also an advantage too with arm bars. Oh, huge. Huge advantage. It's a leverage point. Huge. So with arm bars, it's like having a rock to bend the person's arm off of.


Yeah. Instead of it. And also like, it hurts to put it against your dick. That's the dirty truth about arm bars. if you have a arm bar in and your nut is in the wrong spot, like if you're pulling some dude's elbow down or your nuts in the wrong spot, you don't have a cup on crushing your nuts. It fucking hurts dude. You, it hurts while you're getting an arm bar. So you're saying these dudes, don't they wear no cups at all? No, no, no. They wear, they, they have to wear cups. Oh, okay. They were the plastic ones. But there's an o Well the, I think the best cup for training is those diamond, MMA cups. Those are the shit because they, they figured out the perfect thing with compression shorts and this like really hard plastic but like soft outer area where it like settles in to like exactly where. So the problem with those is they move around on a lot.


But these, these don't, those diamond ones don't. But the difference of the steel one is the steel one's a fucking weapon. If somebody kicks you in the nuts, you're kicking a, a chunk of metal downside. You're in a thong though. The entire fight. I don't mind. I would, I would 100% take that. If someone kicks me and they hit iron. Yeah, I feel you. Were you And if you can mount someone and do what a, what Amir did to me, like drive that shit in your chest. Chest. It's, I didn't, I didn't even wear a cup when I trained. I didn't give a fuck. I thought that's crazy. Yeah, I thought about that when I saw that. I was like, that is like everybody. Kenny Florian used to wear one. Are you allowed to grab that rope? No. Nah. That's the other thing. Why does anybody wear shorts? Why don't, why doesn't everybody wear? I know. I agree. Why?


How many fights is a guy complaining? Someone grabbed his shorts, grabbing shorts. Agree we shouldn't have fucking shorts. Yep. you know they, Anderson Silva figured that shit out a long time ago. Wear tights. So did pro wrestling. Why do you want some shit where someone can grab, have some shit where no one can grab it? It has to be like a, you don't wanna look gay thing, right? Yeah. It has to be that the fucking peace hang. No, I think you go old school like Vitor Befo. Yeah. Vander Lake. Get that sun going. I'd wear a th like bur er at the pool. Yeah. We just have one those things where it's like all those little fray pieces. So they grab it. You can tell. Yeah. Yo, you ever see Dennis Alexio fight? No. Dennis Alexio was a kickbox.


He used to fight in a grass skirt. Oh damn. It was a bad motherfucker. You'd have to be, dude. He was good. This is the early days. See if you can find Jamie Fine. Dennis Alexio Kko highlight. He was actually in Kickboxer with Jean Claude Van Dam. He was the brother that died. Oh boy. When the topo killed the brother, the white boy. Yeah. Mullet. Yeah. He has to avenge his brother. Yeah. That was Dennis Alexio. He died by the elbow to dad. What country is that? Oh he got paralyzed. Right. Paralyzed. That's rights. Right. This is Dennis Alexio bro. Dennis Alexio was a fucking beast dude. Nasty kickboxer. Oh he's a real deal. Oh dude, he was nasty. But you gotta see how he fights. He fights with a grass skirt on. Look, he's head kicking dudes with a grass skirt on.


You know wild that is. Oh those are those big like palm leaf trees bro. He was vicious too man. Vicious kale artist. What was the grass skirt? He was just a wild man. Just decided to wear a grass skirt. He was pretty good in that movie too, bro. He was good. He was a good kickboxer though dude. In the early days when You know kickboxing like was still evolving, There was still, There was starting the leg kick and he was like one of the first guys that was like the victim of leg kicks. Don the Dragon Wilson fucked him up with leg kicks. This is that fight right here. This is like they're showing him beating Don up. But Don beat him up with leg kicks. And ultimately that was the big factor in this fight. That was just what We were seeing here is just highlights.


But Don was like one of the first of the American kickboxers. Rick Rufuss was the first that figured out the value of leg kicks Oh. yeah. But this guy Dennis Alexio man, imagine getting your ass kicked by a dude. A grass skirt. Damn. The everything changed when the the, the ties came over to America. When that tie dude fought Rick Rufuss. Everything changed. everybody was like what? It's like when black guys got into baseball, You know how Babe Ruth thought he was the shit. And then a Cuban guy's like, lemme see that thing bro. Have you ever seen that video the most? The day kickboxing changed like the most, I think it's called the most important fight in kickboxing And it's, it's Rick Rufuss versus this tie guy.


And this tie Rick Rufuss catches him in the beginning man he rocks him. This dude fucked up happens man up. He was hitting him with like jumping hook kicks and shit. He had this dude fucked up but the tie guy survived and the tie guy just kept chopping at his legs, chopping at his legs. And Americans didn't do it Kickback. They didn't know what it was. It wasn't our shit man. They thought it was cheap. We thought it was, they thought it was a cheap thing to do. Like what are you kicking The middle hin little fairy. Yeah. Oh we kicking legs now. Yeah, it was a, it is an insane fight dude. How many things fight to change the world of MMA? And it's true because this guy that was fighting Rick Rufuss, his brother Duke Rufuss is one of the greatest MMA coaches of all time ever. So Duke Rufuss, hi Anthony who was also world champion Kickboxer, he kind of learned about the kickboxing game from his brother getting lit up by this tie guy.


It changed everybody's perception of like what's effective and tie guys were hitting trees and shit. Bro, look at this man, look at that. He just starts chopping at those legs and he just, Rick didn't understand how to protect them so he just thought he would just keep hitting him with like jump spinning back kicks and shit. But now he's on rubber legs man. And he has those fancy ass pants on and that tie dude has been kicking tires since he was six. So this is early drop his as. This is early. He hurt him bad. He hurt him bad. Rick Rufuss was really good man. Oh. yeah. You have to understand like to us like Rick Rufuss was our representative. Flashy kickboxing style. He hurt him again. Dropped him again. Ass beating his ass USS A but this tie dude's probably had 200 fucking fights and he knows how to survive.


Show The promos for the sphere event right now. Oh the promos for the sphere. Most expensive USA event in anyway. Anybody who's a fan of striking should watch that fight. 'cause this fight changed our understanding of what's effective in MMA because Rick Rufuss was as good as it gets for a guy who kicks above the waist. And we realized like, oh my god, leg kicking is gigantic because you never had a super, super elite above the waist. Kickboxer fight a Muay Thai guy before that. Yeah. Change the game. Change the game. Change the game. Change the game. Think about all the things that dudes that were like good for us that we, that we didn't do 'cause it was gay. He like, oh Cardio's gay. I know Nutrition's gay.


Not anymore. Tell your kids you love Dancings gay. How about Chenko? His dad tells 'em to learn how to dance for two years. You can't box for two years. I want you to learn traditional Ukrainian dance in Ukraine. You got your kid dancing in two too fucking dancing and shit. Did it work? Yeah. Hell yeah. His footwork. Best kid's. Greatest footwork ever of all time ever. Not even. There's not even a close four-time gold medalist. Like there's great foot like Parell Whitaker had great footwork. Floyd Mayweather had great work. Johns but nobody had that kind of footwork. His kind of footwork is no Shin's a ghost. It's a dance. It's art. It's a dance. He's dancing with you and he's moving in a way that you can't keep up. You're not gonna be able to, you can't move that way. you know you can't move the way he does. And his dad was right mean, it's so hard to tell a kid to do that, to abandon it.


But there's like certain shit take two years off like judo. Right? Like here's the thing. if you learn judo when you're a kid, you learn judo when you're like six years old and then you get to be like 25. You've been doing judo your whole life. Like you can do things that my body can't move that way. Right. It just can't move that way. 'cause I never grew up doing that. But if you grow up doing that, you could. He grew up moving his feet in a way that you can't keep up with and he's like in front of you, you're throwing a punch. Then he is over here and he is punching you and you're gonna turn towards him and now he's over here and you're missing here and he's popping you with an upper cutt and he's behind you. He's pushing you into the ropes, teeing off on you in a combination like angels.


You're not used to. You hear t TJ Dro went to his camp to work with him. Yeah. And was like, yeah he was just like, to me toying around with me at first and he was like, and I was going pretty hard and the next day he turned it on. He's like, bro, the angles, the mo like out would swing. He's gone. Yeah. TJ was like, if you wanted to, he could really fuck me up. And he was really happy. Didn't Oh. yeah. Hell yeah. That that UFC noche and then it's but it's Pres presented by the Saudis. It's confusing right? Well it's, it's Riyadh season is doing a bunch of different events and so they're a part of this noche UFC because it's such a, this is a completely unique experience. This is not just the fights on the screens is gonna be the history of Mexican combat sports.


So it's this crazy multimedia experience. So they brought in Riyad season. Look, I'm Can you, can you watch it from the street? Bet no man. I bet on the outside. No hell no has something. It's gotta Have someone on the Outside. Does it have something on the outside? It's gonna have that design of the UFC thing. Just rotate. You can't get it for free. Uhuh, how many haters are gonna be out there going Live livestream in the wall? Yeah. Hell no. Maybe They show, maybe they show you the replays of the knockouts or whatever. I'm excited to see what it looks Like. No, it on, it's on Twitter already. That thing is, that thing is hard to Like why wouldn't they put whatever they put online? Why wouldn't they just put it on the dome too? It takes like 20, 10, 20 million bucks minimum. Just to make the design, to put on the outside of that. It's the, it's the most then they're only doing it once.


It's gonna be super special. They're never going back. I think they said they've already spent $19 million. Dana said this would be a one and done event. They'll never do this again. It's not worth it. You can do it Day picks by the way, I don't believe that shit for a second. Hey. No, once you start, it's actually worth it to continue to do things at the sphere. 'cause it costs so much money for the technology and to put your stuff into it. But they don't make Enough money's Listen to. But that's why everybody that's doing it does residencies and not just one-offs. 'cause it's literally to transfer your files into their thing. It's vast sums of money. Listen me guarantee The U ffc goes back. Listen to me. Yeah. If Trump wins, they're going back Oh. yeah. If Trump, if Trump wins, really they're gonna do one at the sphere.


They're going back. That's gonna at least be an annual thing. It's gonna be all like American Card Oh. yeah. Sick. That would fucking Mexican. Mexican Independence Week is a brilliant marketing Move. Oh it's great. Yeah. But You know Canelo's fighting also in Vegas. That's weekend dog the same day. Yep. That's his weekend. Where's he at? T-Mobile. Yeah. So he's at T-Mobile and they're at the sphere. Yeah. Yeah. I can tell you which one. You know, I mean Cane as well, but Damn they don't even do that much for Mexicans in Texas. The thing about the Canelo fight is it's for sure gonna take some of the steam off of the Canelo fight. I wanna see that fight anytime. Look, I think Canelo is one of the greatest of all time.


Like he my favorite to watch. I wanna see that guy fight until he is done. you know, I, I like Tim fight Benavidez. You also get why he's not this young lion bigger. He's like, what? Pay me 200 mil. Yeah. You like, no. He's like, all right. I have nothing to gain from it. Well he's at this end of his career stage, You know, like he's, he's basically, he wants to collect that big money and that's a Smart thing. Yes. Correct. That's a smart thing also. Like the Bval fight was A little bit of a wake up call. I think that those 175 pounders the big Yeah. Especially Bval. Yeah. He is super skillful and younger and less damage and all the above You know. But I like, I wanna see Cannell Canne versus Crawford.


Honestly, that's what I wanna see. and I know me too that Crawford You know he's only won the title at 54 and 60 eight's another giant jump above that. I know I I get it, but I just think that guy's so fucking slick and so good, so talented and he'll rise to that fight and knowing that he's gonna be fighting a guy like Canelo, that's a legend. And this is his chance to put the big stamp on his career. And if he wins that fight, bro, there's no arguing he Could go. But that's the problem with boxing. They don't do it. Yeah. But to make people, I think the Saudi, the Saudis can do that. I think they can make that happen with the right money. It doesn't. They're it's monopoly money, man. Yeah. They see it's fun coupons for those folks. Boxing. Boxing is the argument against UFC fighters having more power.


Yes. Correct. Right. Correct. It's weird that way. Yeah. How so? Because it, because they can pick and choose the fights they want to do. Right. But that's just smart thing to do for your career. That's what I'm saying. But it's not the entertaining thing to do always. It's like It's also not the competitive thing. Right. I think the Saudis are the solution to that. Oh, that's not, they come along with the cheddar. Right. Like let's go Tyson fur. You wanna fight for us? Got his first fight ever. Who the fuck else is gonna let you do that? Some does. Fighters start getting to the point where they can pick the fights they want, then they then, then they pick up they fight. Yeah. They Also don't fight as often. No, but you can't say that because that's, some guys like Izzy never did that. True. you know, Robert Whitaker doesn't do that. Robert Whitaker will literally fight anybody anytime.


He really will. He'll, he'll take any fight. They offer him a fight. I might a fucking fight and yeah, he'll fucking do it. But the caveat with, with his argument, the one guy actually made life-changing money. I'm talking like boxing money, like Cane's, McGregor. He made his money after Floyd. Right. But he made been the same. But he made the Floyd fight. He made it in boxing. Right, right. But he did come back. He's never been been saying he did fight who he wanted to see him fight. Wanna see him fight Dustin Khabib Khabib First. Well, but keep we don't wanna fight him. Well no. The first fight. Oh right, right, right. That was the Khabib fight. Yeah. Yeah. And then Dustin was after that. Yeah, you're right. The Khabib fight was, that was the big one because that was, we would, that was the fight. We're gonna find out who's the best. Because when you, when you see the Eddie Ez fight, you see the cowboy fight.


When Connor's on You know, look, it's hard to say where he is at now with the injury and all that jazz. But I, I like to look at fighters the same way. I like to look at BJ Penn when I talk about his career. I always tell everybody, if you want to take into account all the greatest fighters that have ever lived, you have to look at BJ Penn during a very specific run during the Sean Shirk, Joe Daddy Stevenson. BJ Penn was one of the baddest motherfuckers that ever lived during that time period. Top five. It's just, you can't sustain that. It's just, it's just your body, your brain, everything. It just, it's too hard. Fedor in his prime unstoppable Fedor that fought Crow cop Fedor that fought NRA Unstoppable.


Yeah. There's a, there's a a a time when a fighter is at and I Anderson Silva. Yeah. I think that run, I think you gotta look at him there. That's how you have to look at. That's that. Yeah. That's, that's the silver. The only way I look at it. Silver run might be the greatest ever. No, Anderson Silva's run was magic. I mean, I'm just talking about magic. The way he dominated. Yep. Almost everyone. Yes and no. The, the argument would be Izzy. Yeah. Izzy's run's pretty fucking impressive. They're very close. But Anderson Hepped, division Anderson had more division and more victories in the division. But Anderson also had a thing that he was doing to people where it looked like he was doing magic. Yeah, he was doing magic on you. He was in the movie. Like when he cod Vitor, I remember Eddie Bravo and I having a conversation about this.


He was like, can you front kick someone in the face? and I was like, you can, but I don't recommend it. Tough to pull off. I was like, I don't recommend it. I don't, I don't, I've never done it. I like kicked a lot of people in the face. I never front kicked anybody in the face. Like Spartan kicked in the face. Meanwhile, who teaches him how to do it? Allegedly Steven Segal, Fuck off, fuck Off. He's like, I told him, did you do that kick? And so Anderson not just front kicks a dude in the face, but front kicks one of the greatest, one of the most vicious of all time. Vitor Belfort one of the most greatest Koko artists in the history of the sport. if you look at highlight reels of Kos, Vitor Belfort has starched so many people. And that, that was TRT Vitor too, I think. No, that was not TRTV tour.


It was not, it was pre TRTV tour. He becomes TRTV tour after that fight. After that he gets Sa My favorite. if you look at the v the Vitor in that fight, he looks like Vitor who played football in college, but now he works at the steel mill like little fla looks fit, looks fit, looks good. Yeah. But he don't look like the Vitor that fought Luke Rockwell who had muscles on his teeth. Yeah. Knocking dude's eyes out. And bro, he was insane. So confident. Like basically a silverback gorilla. Yo, I saw Bruce Buffs brother. What's his name? Michael Buff. Michael Michael. I saw him doing, he, he announced the last, the last Crawford fight, man.


He's, he's like 90. Yeah. He's older. Like The, the pop ain't there. And he doesn't say let's get ready to rumble No more. He doesn't. No. He says something Else. It depends on the network. Yeah. Oh, because Oh. yeah. No, and he, he, he gets paid and he, he, that's why Bruce Buffer does all the work. He does every fight. Bruce is a different animal though. Different animal. Bruce is our guy. Listen to this. Gimme some of this. Gimme some Bruce. Gimme some Bruce. Here, let me hear this motherfucker. I'm trying to get kicked up. Gimme some volume dog. I don't care. I wanna hear some volume. This dude's giving me goosebumps like a hundred times. He's the, when he, when he says bat Known to Reor, I'm Like, Ugh. And when he gets in their face and he, Alex Pereira.


Yeah. Ton. And they Got that lighting right now they've made some amazing Do they have backup for him? Like what do they do if something happens to him? There's other guys. Joe Martinez. But no, nobody does what he does. The fall off is real. Gimme a little volume. Gimme a little volume. Keep that volume on A. little bit in the background. Did that get us in trouble? Oh? yeah. Yeah. Yeah. YouTube's real Oh. yeah. These Sam, I wanna listen. YouTube. YouTube's tougher than ever bro. Dan Hardy's going hard with tattoos lately. I I hope Dan, I hope Hooker wins this fight so bad. Did I say Dan Hardy? Did I, did I, I'm really, by the way, shout out to Dan Hardy. Dan Hardy's got some good breakdowns. The war room you ever listened to his breakdowns on YouTube? Very, very intelligent. It's a lizard brain.


Full reptile. Yeah. I love that shit. and I love. That's a cult name. No. Doug Lizard Brain. Lizard Brain might be better. Lizard Brain Media. Yeah. I liked Hooker Man, bro. Dan Hooker. People have to remember Dan Hooker went blow for blow with Dustin Poer in his prime. It was a fight where it was like really a toss up at the end of it. And Dustin, Dustin wind up with the decision, but it was a fucking war. This is such a tough matchup for, and then he had the Chandler fight where he just got caught Chandler's little fucking pit bull trying to make his You know his opening statement. And he made it with a fucking double exclamation point. God did he ever. But Dan Hooker is really good dude. Really good. Super skillful.


Quietly. One, two in a row. Well he just fucking super skill and tough as nails. Dude. He broke his arm in the last fight. Didn't say a word. He's a tough dude. Kept punching the dude with it. Yeah, I talked to him afterwards. I said, oh this is just a scratch. Mike. He's a beast man. Like, what's going on your arm? Oh. yeah. He's one of my faves. But mro, his wrestling is top of the food chain. Yeah. It's a pretty matchup for hooker. Not necessarily man, because hooker's knees, they're so d ooh Gamrat's catching him with punches. Hooker's knees are such a danger when you're shooting because they come with no telegraph. And he, he's got great hip flexibility. Like the way he can throw that front, kick the body so, so smooth.


He, his like, the way he moves his legs is very, it's it's, it's very effective. Especially with the knees up the middle. Does he fight softball too? He fights both, both ways. You could switch it up. Hooker went from no tattoos to just a whole, whole ton of tattoos and I guarantee you he didn't get Oh, this's Gam Rock. Gam Rock got the, got the take down. Oh, nope, nope. Amazing. Fucking keeping that balance man. Amazing balance. Yeah. Look, Giler got his whole legs tattooed down too. Legs fucking hurt man. Okay, let's see if you can get up. He's getting up. Use the cage hook. Well they knew what was coming. Right. If you're taking a fight with a guy like Ro, who's like one of the most smothering guys, wrestl in the division. Lot of cut his eye too.


Probably with a headbutt. I butt. That is a problem. The headbutts in these like closed cring look, some of them a little on purpose. A little bit. Look what Khabib started, bro. You know. I mean you, you look at what Khabib does. But like they're all, there's so many guys like that now. Yeah. That have that style. It was such an effective style. But he didn't do it. I thought he was going, I thought he was going to like wrap his legs up with his legs. This is big man Khabib. But Dan Hooker getting up to his feet is very big. Oh he just landed right hand. Oh shit. Dropped him. Oh that's tight. That's tight. Tight. Got It's tight. Tight. What? Oh good defense.


Good defense by hooker. Very nice butterfly. Gun control posture. Get those butterflies going. Good defense. Clear your cobwebs. Yeah. Damn. Camera smothering. Smothering. Sometimes referee would just stop this shit. Yeah, they will. You just keep punching you if they're not laying the refs like right. Yeah. But but then there's the problem. If he dumped out his gas tank trying to make it happen, it didn't happen. That's what you have to hope for for Hooker. Yeah. It's only three rounds. But hooker's so tough man. He's so tough. As they jump also, he's like felt the sting of these like disappointing losses and he is like, not today is off. Right. Yeah. Just off. But still. Like think about Oliveira man. Right. Oliveira was off for a long time and then put it all together. True.


I'm You know. I'm not counting Dan Hooker out man, look at this. He's back up to his feet again. Son. No hooker's as tough as they can, dude. He's back up to his feet. This is big 'cause Gamon emptied the gas tank trying to stop him. Yep. Hooker needs to go to work and not get caught. Man, he looks good dude. There he does. Oh and Gamrat looks like he's slowing down. A little bit. Look, he emptied out a lot of energy. Trying to finish that fight there. If Ga rat's going back. Oh. Yeah. Keep down. Shit. He's got a's full minute. Oh we got clipped. Let's go. Hooker hit his. Oh my God. Really? Upper cut. Really? Whoa. Oh Come on Hooker. Shit. Upper cut dog shit. Oh damn. That upper cut's there bro.


Don't let him out the hook. 40 seconds. 40 seconds. Upper God upper cut hooker. Oh my God. And then he goes Bro, Dan Hooker. Dan Hooker. Let's go. Here we go. There you go. Oh damn. Oh that's a sloppy, sloppy shot. Oh don't give him that. Oh. Hammer fist though. Hammer fist. He should keep moving and not do this. No, keep moving. Yeah, keep moving. Don't him down leg man. But he want, he wants to punish him. I think he feels he is Fating. Yeah, I think Gamrat wants a rest here. I think he's fatiguing and I. Think Hooker. Reverse Hooker realizes it back up his feet. Let's go 10 seconds. Let's go. Come on Dan Hooker. Come on Dan Hooker. Let's go cut him off. Come on little kick up the middle here.


Oh, he just looked at the clock clock. Do five upstairs. There's a blonde Chinese lady. Young gam. Hell yeah bro. Gam rod. He's tough as shit. He took some shots. Took some shots. Tough as shit too. He took some both of them man. Fucking both of 'em. Dude. This card's been fucking good. Yeah. The whole way. That shit looked kind of trash on paper. Did it? I thought this fight was very compelling. This, this fight's great. What else is, what's the rest of the card from here out? Well then you got the Jamie Shores Oh. yeah, we got co-Main Event. Yeah. 'cause it's the third fight. So you got co-Main Event. Main Event. This is the co-main. Yes. You got C Ick and Con France.


Oh that's the right. Yeah. This is not the Coman. That's right. No. And then you got Izzy. DDP. Why isn't jujitsu in the Olympics? That's a good question. 'cause break dancing took their spot. Yeah, break dance is more important. Did you see that lady from Australia? They Banned it now. It's Unbelievable. It's not coming up because that one lady. Yeah. So apparently this. That's so crazy. So this fucking cunt, she, the way she got There was her, her husband is the head of the committee for breakdown. Right. She started the foundation and then blocked funding from all the, from everybody else. Let's go. God. I saw, that's crazy. I saw some girl was like, hold up before you feel bad for going so bad on this lady. And she said that story. She's like, she blocked fun and just so she could go. Right.


you know it's a problem if they have the break dancing committee's. A white dude Or just, or Or listen, your husband, Listen there white dudes that I know that are really good break dancers. The point is like it's a, in Australia it's an offense. It's an offense to actual break dancers that that lady did that hilarious stuff. Because the actual break dancers, I follow stance elements on Instagram. You ever follow those guys? You see like the real high level break dancers Dad Wild. It's like athletic art. Yeah, it's an athletic art form. William Montgomery world class break dancer. Shut the fuck up. Shut the fuck up. Not the way he hugs. You would've convinced me if I had never hugged him. I totally thought I was gonna get at least one of you guys.


Probably the side control by camera. This is you Me. I just didn't have time to say anything Dude. Ga I don't, they don't agree. Ten nine gam out that first round. No. No, I don't think so either. Nah, Who Said that? But it may be, I could see maybe because, because he did get him down a bunch of times, but, but I think he was close. It was close fight. But this is a big move. This is a big move for Gam Rock. Real early in the round. Like this three 50 to go and he's got side control already. Gam rock can't fucking submit you. Yeah. You get, you gotta be real careful. High level grappler. Yeah. High level grappler. Super strong on top. When when you get a guy like this and he gets on top, that's when you're fucked. Because they're so good at holding these kind of positions. It's also impossible to get up. Especially you're not near the cage with the cage walk. Mm. And he'll go back to half guard if he thinks he's losing you.


Yep. Yeah. That sucks. These guys that are like really good at these like side control mount half guard positions, they, they're always looking for what you're gonna do next. And they're preparing for it. And like if they know they can pass your guard, they'll put themselves back in your guard just so they can control you and hold you down and use your leg as like an anchor. And then they'll get right back. Oh, oh, we got a choke here. Yeah. This is dangerous. This guy, it's easy to pass too. Oh, he got outta, he lost it. Good job Dan. Hooker's tough man. He's got good defense, but he's gotta get the fuck outta here. I like, I like hooker when butterfly, he always makes something happen here. Well he, what he's gotta do is get feet on hips and get some separation. You're, you're, this guy's a better grappler.


He's about to Stand up now. Hands Down. Oh, he's got some cuts, man. Bad cut. But he, he's like a great white shark. There he goes, there he goes. Good. Good scramble. Keep going. Keep going. Don't stop. Don't stop there. But don't get reckless. Don't get reckless. You can't stop there. Don't give up your back. But you can't give up your back. Yeah. There's a ba there's a balancing act. Right. That's what Cory Sand Hagen did a good job giving up his back. That's all he trained. He was in jeopardy. But he caused him some rounds. He did. But I liked the way he was going real high. When, when the dude got his back, he'd go real high up, up on him and roll. Oh, back up to his feet. This is big. This is big. Let's go two to go two 15. Come on Hooker. Oh. yeah, let's go Dan Hooker. Oh nice. Upper cup by GA Rock. That was sweet. You gonna piss so bad. But there's no way I'm going right now.


Just hang in there. Never. Oh left hook of the body. See, so this is a good example, right? That was a lot of control but not a lot of damage on the ground. Right. But you would say he is winning the round. Right. For sure. Hooker. Unless Hooker starts teeing off on on him. Exactly. And then you gotta give it to Hooker. Correct. Because Hooker's doing the act like right there. Nice front Plus also the number one thing they score is damage. Doug. Exactly. And There was not a lot of damage on the ground. It was a lot of control. Just control, I think control's like third on the, and like look at the aggression too. Like hooker's pushing the action here. He just needs to land something. Something big. Yes. Like the first round. Yep. But one 30 to goes is a lot. That's a lot of time. Hell yeah.


Oh, nice shot. Good shot. Oh we got timing. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Whoa. Whoa. If he's rolling, that's deep. Oh there we go baby. Get his neck. Don't do it again though. Don't go guard. Don't go guard. Don't try to pull guard on this. Yeah, don't guard. This is not good. Get out of this. Get outta this shit. Heavy hips. Head down. Yeah. Get outta this shit. Push his head down. Get the fuck outta this. Yeah, don't accept this. Don't him hang out. Don't accept. You gotta not accept this. 'cause if you got to this point, this would be amazing if you on the initial shot. Yep. Nice elbows. These are big. Yeah, they're are big. Some joints though. Make his ass. They, oh, did they get rid of that? 12 to six? They did, right? They did. Is it a official? A hundred percent. I don't know. Are all commissions honoring it? You know. Oh, it's another nice elbow. That neck's there too.


Yo. I don't care what that elbow will hurt like A motherfucker. Hell yeah. He's trying to fit that elbow in on and he's also threatening the neck. What makes him get back up to his feet. Nice. Deep up again. He's back up again. And isn't it what you telling me like it's exhausting having somebody's weight on You like that? Hell, it's also exhausting trying to take a guy down and you can't, that's why a lot of guys don't grapple. Yeah. There's nothing more exhausting than shooting. Yeah. Yeah. Gamrat is just bleeding. Dan hooker's energy. They're both bleeding each other's energy because this is a incredibly grueling way to fight. But I, but I'd say more energy is put out on Gamrat side. Yeah, for sure. It's also like Dan Hooker's more of a threat on the feet.


Big time. It's a threat for sure. It feels he's hurt ga. Oh he's Hurt him. Feet's hurting Gamara. Yeah. And These elbows are big man. These are big. That's why Gamara can't finish the take down. He has to protect his fucking head, bro. Those are big elbows. This is gonna be a great third Round. Quick question. Woo. Why do they rotate the refs? Like are the refs tie? Why? Well, you want, you don't want one person to referee every fight. You want to, especially certain reps give them it's, it is exhausting. You're moving around you. You have to be there. You have to. It's kind of almost has what is Like, is it like to keep it fair? That too, I would think. But you, you get multiple fights. Like a guy like Herb Dean who's probably the best. You like three. Oh I'm on the main card. You might see Herb twice. Yeah. But he does that. You'll see. But do the main and it the Depends if the heavyweights, I'm sorry.


Yeah. Have the main event's. Heavyweights. You usually see like dean in there. A bigger guy. Yeah. You want a big guy for heavyweights for Sure. Yeah. So does is it like ranks like Herb won't ever do prelim fights? No. He'll do some prelims. November 1st, 2024. So not yet. Not yet. Still, still legal. I think you should be able to do everything knees on the ground. I think knees on the ground would make it more entertaining. So the grapplers get finishes more. Also like you shouldn't just be able to turtle crowd Position. That's wild. You have to sneak weapons. Crazy fight. Yep. You know what I mean? That's what Joe wants. if You can get it in the cage, it's legal. Wow. Just fucking shit. A blade out. What if You have like glitter, blow it in someone's eyes.


It's worse than an eye poke. Fuck. Blow sand in someone's eyes. You have a blood sport moment. Remember Van Damm? Ah yeah. Here it is. Third round. Come on Hooker. You have hooking. Could just avoid the take down and keep this standing and press camera. Does Hooker need a finish air? I mean, man. Oh fucking kick that. Kick the kick. You saw a body kick early in the round? Look at the, he might be getting out of it. He got out of it dude. Oh, got that neck. Got that neck. Yeah. I think. Got that neck. Oh, he now go. Now go back up your feet. Get up. Get up. Get up. Get up. Get up. Get up. Get up. Get up. Camera's good. You can't wait there. You can't rest. Go go. Camera is fucking smothering man. He is fucking smothering. There was that window right there man.


You gotta go. Look. I like how he's punching the body here though. He is mean motherfucker. 19. 19. I like this guy. Mike Brown is right there though with camera. Oh look. Hook her back up to his feet. Huge. Oh my goodness. Come. Oh my goodness. Come on dog. Let's go. Camera look tired. Oh, That's what he needs to do. Stay on his ass. It's gonna be interesting just to see what the scoring is for this. It's be as as. I think Hooker won both rounds. Well, he certainly could have when he comes to damage. I would certainly say that he's done the most damage. Except for the first round. I definitely think it's probably one. One going to this. And right now it's a toss up. But it might not be. I mean it really depends on what they think is effective. Remember they're also in Australia.


Oh. yeah. Hookers. Hookers. Hometowns. Hometowns. Yeah. But who are the judges? Do they bring him in from America? Australians. Oh, nice. Front kick to the body. Oh, Hooker's turned it off. Yes sir. Three 30 to go is a long time. Man, that's forever. Especially if Gam Rock can't secure a clinch. If he's gonna be forced to stand. Oh, and I like how he's going to the body. Dan Hooker's. Pour it on here. Son. Look out for those knees too. Remember those knees? Hookers Chin is Strong. Camera Rod just cracked him. What? Saying Camera rod. Man, they most significant strikes. It's even a lot of punches on the ground. Less. Yeah. Punches on the ground. It's weird what they label a significant strike. Yeah. I don't necessarily, that's the other problem.


Always agree with no what that is. I don't know how they judge that either. They have a little clicker in their hand. Yeah, it's a disaster. How do they do that? Oh, that was a nice hook. Yeah it was. Then he got out. Significant hooker. Better turn on here, man. Yeah, hooker looks like he's fading. A little bit and there's a half the round plus to go. Hopeful. He's just recharging. It's really hard to turn on a hooker. Oh, you son of a bitch. Can't help myself Live. Odds have switched to Hooker as a two to one Favorite for interesting Oh. yeah. Big underdog. I like that. Wow. Interesting. Interesting. I like how you can bet in the middle of the fight, they're like, too Come. Fuck it. Let's go. That's fun.


Where can you do That? Online? Right? Anywhere. You Can bet using the promo Code. Draft King that. Yeah. Draft Kings promo. Oh, you got a promo code. Tony pro draftkings.com. Oh, There you go. Is That real? Download the app. Yep. Pro Promo code. Tony. Yeah. What does someone get from promo code? Tony, you be, you Bet $5 they'll match up to $250 in bonus right now. What'd you say, Jamie? The crown is yours. What'd you say, Jamie? Not available in Texas. Not available in Texas. In California either.


Oh, look at this. He stuffed the take down again. Come on Hooker. Let's go to work. Okay, so this is a perfect example of what I think of when I think of fights. This is the end of the fight and the end of the fight. Dan Hooker. Yeah. Is beating up Gamara. Yeah, he's chasing him down. He's walking him down. He's landing the better strikes and he's the one pressing the action. So in my mind, he's winning this fight. Yeah. I think this should count for a little more than every other round. So that's why I like pride Rules last. I feel you. The last round's more important. I feel you. It's, it's like they've duked it out for 15 minutes. Who was winning at the end? I think that counts for something.


I don't think it counts for everything. Oh, I like the timing of that. That was nice timing if it, but if he can survive this, if you can get outta this. You saying he's grabbing his gloves. I said something. Mark Goddard's a good one. He's in there right now. Yeah, he's one of the best. Yeah. Jason Herzog one of the best. Yeah. I love Jason. Oh, look at this. Look at this. Back up to your feet. Let's go. Let's go. Just take down the fence. Oh, amazing. That back on the neck again. Here. we go back on the neck again. Here. we go Here we go. Ah. Fuck. Come on bro. Last minute. Here. we go. Come on Danny. Oh, let's go. Let's go. Dan Hooker. Oh. Oh my God. That left hand Straight left. Oh, come on.


He's got this. Come on. This is a big guy. Let's go baby. Let's, let's go dog. This is another problem with the scoring system. If other rounds are ten nine, how is this one? 10, nine. Right, because this is a much more dominant round for hookers. He is got much more damage. He's closer to finishing. Yeah. It's like how do you, how is it only 10, nine. Let's get that neck. Let's get that neck. Let's get those elbows cracking. Oh, he is gotta warn him about the 12 to six elbows. But weren't wasn't that, that seemed like more like 11:00 PM to six. And There's a a dude on, there's a dude on Twitter right now that's got three tv. What's that? He's watching this us and a football game.


That's how you live, Oh. Yeah, Hooker's got away. Come on Hooker. Give it to What? A fight. What a fight. Yeah. Look at this guy. Amazing guy's doing it Right. Ga didn't do enough damage from the top position to win this for me. His eyes fucked up. What a fight. That's a great fight. Jesus Gangster his eyes filled with blood. What a fight. I'm gonna take a piss. and I won't be surprised by the decision. It's like a little treat when he come back. You know. Yeah. What do you think happened? I think Hooker wins. Hooker good. Yeah. Oh, there's gam rock catching with a right hand. Oh, The thing that left hook, right hand. The thing that scares me with the judges is I always hate how they tend to go against somebody that has cuts over their eyes and blood all over their face.


Right. But he But Hooker had gam rot rocked and dropped. Totally. There's a big difference. Yeah. Gam rot did take him down and fucked him up in the first round. But the, when, when Hooker was hitting him, it was, it was more significant. There was more significant. Moments where he is in real trouble. Real trouble. And then also when Gamrat did shoot the take downs, his neck was in trouble. He had a bail on things. Ga did catch him a few times. But overall, I think a hooker did more damage. Have you noticed how Ga rat's left eye is like filled with blood. It's like black it looks like. Yeah. And, and hooker's left Eye fucked up too. I would be a terrible UFC judge. Who do you think would won that fight? I thought Hooker was winning the whole time. You're More of a kid. Not the first Round. KFC Not The first round. No. I mean the first round He was getting mauled on the ground.


I mean, he did get up and he did land good shots, but the amount of damage he took on the ground was pretty significant factor. Yeah. But then towards, towards round, he almost knocked him out. He did hurt him. Yeah. But it's, I'd have to look at it again. Yeah. I I I felt like mro, if there's a round of Gamma Rock clearly won. I felt like it was the first one, but you know what? Yeah. Now that you're saying that he almost knocked him out the end. That's the only round That's questionable. I thought he won the next two. I've had A little to drink, But I don't. But again, at the same time, like when it comes to the grappling and stuff, I don't really know what I'm seeing. Right. Like I, I can't say what's amazing and what isn't. Well Hooker definitely threatened him a couple of times with chokes.


But Gamrat's take downs were awesome. H but Hooker's defense was awesome too. And his ability to get back up to his feet. The Gamrat is a smothering motherfucker. Here we go. Score 9 28. 29, 28. Gamero. Is this on YouTube? 29 20? No, this is on UFC and ESPN Plus. No, I'm talking about Us. Yeah. Yes. Dan. Dan Hooker. Yeah. Dan Hooker. Hell yeah. Dan. Split decision. Split decision. Well that makes sense. Yeah. We, were all We were split. Yeah. Yeah.


I thought he won Oh. yeah, me too. That's a good win for him too. 'cause Gamrat's gotta be top 10. Right? What is Mateo? Gamrat, what was he ranked before this fight? I think he was five and Hooker was 11. That's huge. Hooker's one of those guys like Charles Olive Olivea. I think You know you still, you gotta like factor in all these different things. The experience Oh. yeah. Yeah. He's got some losses, but then he's got a lot of great wins too. Oh man. The stuff we've seen Charles do is just insane. Charles Is special Hooker. Dan Hooker. Fuck you. 29, 28.


Split decision. Oh, y'all Don't do live comments? What? What are you doing with this stunt? I'm on YouTube. Let's be with you. Don't wanna do That, man. The people in the room. Let's not connect with folks outside that No. Have nothing to do with us. You. No. You're watching us on YouTube right now. Yeah. What are you doing? I'm just keeping up with the zeitgeist. Nah, Let's do that. You don't wanna do that? Don't do that. Y'all Don't. You Don't. No. Let's have a good time and hang out. You don't be on Twitter with the people that are in the room? No, not while there's three other people in the room. And we're also on YouTube. No. Were you just watching you on YouTube right now? Yeah, bro. This is ridiculous. You want a mirror or something? Look guys, we all making too much of this Dan Hooker. What a win for Hooker. That's, I was just going On Twitter to see who thought, who agreed with me.


We, Were about to be watching you. Don. Don't, and don't ever let them know you're doing that either. Well, y'all are more famous than me. That doesn't bother me. It doesn't matter. It's like you're dealing with crazy people. Yeah. You'll, you'll stay as famous as you. You are. You keep doing That also. You're doing it while you just hang out. Yeah. It takes you outta the moment. Yeah. But who, who, what was, what was your take on it? What'd I miss? I was right. You were wrong. No, I, no, I had Hooker. No, no Oh. yeah. Hooker one. Yeah. Hooker one. I had Hooker winning two and Three. A split decision though. Yeah. I said split. Yep. Mm. Yeah. It looks like they, the refs were kind of like the same as We were split on.


Yeah. Interesting. That's Weird. They gave him the second round. One guy gave Ro the first round, like I thought, and then two guys gave him to Hooker. Gave to Hooker the first round. Wow. Interesting. Because I had Hooker two and three. Yeah. Interesting. I wasn't sure 'cause Brian said a good point. Like you almost knocked him out at the end of the first round. I was like, yeah, you're right. I didn't think of that. 'cause he did You know he's mauling him at the beginning of the first round and that'd be the most significant strike in the first round. Yeah. And he rocked him. Here it is. Oh, hall God. Kennedy's fucking terrifying. Terrifying. So is Baha though. He's no punk one The ultimate by the Brazil. Yeah, he's good. He's fucking good man.


What's the tattoo on his neck? Say Free spirit. It was tough. That's like when you're one of those dudes that gets like Japanese things tattoo in your arms. Yeah. I'm one of those dudes. He probably doesn't, you know, doesn't really speak. Yeah. Because English, when you had that done. Yeah. you know, over, over there. Yeah, exactly. Probably looks cool. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You like, oh it's badass. Yeah. But you have like some, you know, the meaning Brazilian name tattooed across your chest pretty dope. Yeah. you know. Yeah. I have just think, I think sentences is one of the lat things to get tattooed. What is lot Of room, just words. Oh, how about like deep things on your rib cage? That's So, I think that's, How about deep things on your thigh? Every time you're taking a shit you get to read like a declaration of independence.


Unless it's like, unless it's like instructions. Well a lot of people get the like Bible verses on the ribs. Yeah. Oh. yeah. That's super original. Yeah. That's like keep on trucking in the seventies. The fuck are you doing? Just get, why don't you get a Tasmanian Devil with boxing gloves? You unoriginal. Fuck. That's so sick, dude. I'm gonna do that bro. When I was in high school, everybody had a Tasmanian Devil with boxing gloves on. That's fucking awesome. Really? Yeah. Everyone was so dumb and they can't fight. It was like the coolest thing to get Tasmanian Devil with boxing gloves. Yeah. That's me bro. I'm fucking crazy. Well, remember Barbed wire was the hotness. Oh my God. It was crazy. Barbed wire, bro. How many dudes got that shit on their ankles and deeply regretted?


That was, yeah, that was back with like the bedazzled affliction shirts. Yeah. But when you're a dude, you got some shit around the ankle. There's something about, unless you're Samoan I, get it like beads. You know Polynesian. You got beads in your ankle. I'm cool with that. But if you're a regular dude, it has to be a full, a big piece. If you're gonna do it like hooker piece gangster, fine. No problem at all. You just have Mickey Mouse just around the ankle. Yeah. Get the fuck outta here. Yeah, you get it Doug. Especially the Fuck outta here. Especially if you got, if you got put to sleep to get an ankle tattoo. Oh. Oh, Oh my God. That's It. Just, is this over Oh? yeah. I got put to sleep to get this fucking chain link. Oh. yeah. Chain link fence around my ankle. Is it over? Yeah. Man, you're up for five minutes.


Yeah. Doctor's like, I'm pretty sure I could buck fuck this guy right now. That's so dangerous to do that, to get tattooed that way. Wild. Because that's how people die. It also, it doesn't happen a lot, but it happens enough that it a lot It can happen. Yeah. It's so bad for your body. Yeah. Also, maybe Tattooing's not for you. if you have to be under anesthesia, you gotta earn that shit's not your thing. Yeah. Yeah. Remember's not just thing. It's not for everybody. Slap fight, promo. Everyone pay attention. Let's go Athlete. Let's go. That seems like, I wouldn't advise any of this. It literally seems like almost like a sketch. I do want to go to him.


'cause everybody I, I'm telling you Avery, like legit people that I respect tell me like, dude, I know whatever the most, like I'm telling you, it's so fun when you're in person. Oh. yeah, sure. If There was car accidents at the fucking parking lot, you go out and watch. Yeah. Does this have, like, does this have like a feeder thing? Like, like Ultimate slapper or whatever? Absolutely. You know what I'm talking about. Like, they go find these guys. They did. Yeah. That's how it got started. Yeah. They did. They all lived in a house and were sapping each other. You guys are saying this like, it's trivial. This is a real sport. You should shut the fuck up. Okay. This is sanctioned by the Nevada show. Fucking respect. Yeah. Nevada State Athletic Commission. They do drug testing. Yeah. They, which is ridiculous. They should, I want my slappers on meth. They do drug testing. Yeah. I want 'em all on the same shit that Hitler was on when went cross Moland the real stuff.


Let's go. I want meth up, dude. Slapping their fucking faces off. I don't want dudes on painkillers. I want dudes just jack to the tits on amphetamines. There's Definitely not a weight limit to the heavyweight class in this, right? That's a good question. Yeah. Bet there's not. Those guys look pretty big. Right. But they might be small and big, you know, you know, they might, it's a little unprofessional. It's just like bigger class. Why don't you shut the fuck up these big old athletes. Yeah. I, I just can't take here while you disrespect. Which is a part of the parent company that I'm employed by. Yeah. No, because You know because you look what if You, what if you were really like that, like a she for them. Just like, Hey, you shut the fuck up man. No. Joe You know what? You know why. you know why? It's because it's because of this right here.


If I go like You, like you talking shit to some guy and I go, Hey, hey, hey, you You know you talking. That's the heavyweight champion. You go, oh, what? They go slapping you go, Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. But dude, if those guys, if they're really practicing that one move, it's like Bruce Lee said, and they slap you in front of you. Girl, don't be a man, dude. Be aware of a man. Don't fear a man who has 10,000 techniques. Fear man, who's practiced one kick 10,000 times. They've practiced slapping 10,000. They were slapped up fierce. That's how you go to sleep in front of your lady from a slap baby. Your fucking eyeball fell out. Are they allowed to backhand? No. No. Wow. Like a strong Is this guy just gonna sit here and take it? Look at that. He's the current champ here. He's gone out bro, look how Jack that guy is and he's letting this guy do it to him in the gym.


He training 2 66 plus super heavyweight. Yep. Bro. In the gym. He just got brain damage for zero reason in the gym. Oh, that's Larry Wheels four 20, bro. That's crazy, Man. Hit him right on the Why would You know? I wish I was friends with that dude. I would say don't do that. Say don't ever do that. That's a free brain damage. Oh, I'd say that to both of them. Oh, there's a woman Oh. yeah. Oh, you haven't seen the woman, bro. Paige van Zant just did it. Whoa. Now I'm down that Page. Van Z. Just, and some you Think you are. No. You think You are for real. Her and some lady just slapped each other in the face. He said he's gonna do it Because I imagine like you get a big girl and she You like she pulls her titties this way first.


And when they go to bounce back, she fucking follows behind it. Oh, Right. A lot of tor Yeah. A lot of torque. Yeah. Like the kind of like the way a cut. Yeah. Like the way Yeah. I feel you. The way butter beam used his stomach. Maybe it add like a Oh, like, like a little extra little something. Something like a Dr. Like you drift In a car. It's hard to watch though, because I don't like, especially when they're pretty Yeah. I don't, I don't like eating sex call sexist. The bare knuckle fights for chicks. I'm like, don't hurt your face. Don't hurt your face. No. It just means more when, when a guy's his face cut up like he's just a badass. Yeah. you know? Yeah. You can still find a lady cheek fights girls don't get upset at that. Like, where'd you get that fighting? They're attracted to it.


Yeah. They don't get mad. Yeah. But a girl who's like been like, where'd you get those cuts of bare knuckle fighting? Like, ah, oh, I mean, maybe you're cool, maybe you're cool, but you might be outta your fucking mind. That's not normal behavior for No, the XX chromosomes also, we don't look at that and go, that's a mother. But, but you know, it's a special kind of dude though. That's like You know what? I, I love a bitch with cauliflower. Like a chick with a forehead. Scar. Just a struggle. And that guy's, a chicken just got sliced with some elbow. Yeah. And that's the guy probably has a history of domestic violence. Meth. Yes. Ran into Yoanna at that last UFC. She's looking. Oh, That's your, are you still Into it looking better than ever? Oh, we're in love. We all, we all have separate eyes. Look, it says I his legs crossed in a way I've never done in my whole life.


Yeah. I can't even get my legs to do that. Yeah. All. Well, who's that guy on Family Feud that was gay as fuck? Remember that dude? What? The host? No, There was not, not Family Food. Hollywood Squares. There was the one guy in Hollywood Squares. Oh, with the confetti? Yeah. Rick Taylor. What is his name? Rick Taylor. Yeah. That's him. He is. That's my, that's my mentor. This is Tony Oh. yeah. We're a laugh You know. Yeah. We're a laugh. He's got a cigarette. Just love of each other. Like, who's gonna tell him he's gay? He's, Oh, come on. You need that mustache shoe life son. I just throw Out, I just start throwing Conti outta my pocket.


No, that's what he done. Jess. Stop making fun of me. Stop making fun of me. That's wearing love. Tony. Do you think think because you actually are, you actually do got a thing for her. We have a thing for each other. But do you think you could date a chick that could whip your ass? I've thought about this many times. I like the danger. I like the idea. You're never gonna be on top. you know that. Right? Maybe She would Never gonna be on top. She's gonna be riding Dick and see Tony. I can't get, you know, I can get you Donny. Yeah. And, and she's really, did you come on, if you guys get married, can I I'm an ordained minister. Yes. Can I, can I do your marriage? Yes. And you know that, and you know, you can't, you can't break outta that leg lock Oh.


yeah. You're not breaking outta shit. Yeah. And by the way, when you it's, you're supposed to put the garbage out. Put the fucking garbage out. Yeah. Head kid. No, no lip. No fucking, I'm trying to watch tv. Shut the fuck up and put the garbage out. Does she, does she have a man is your competition. Even if she does shut the fuck up. Tony Hinchcliffe is her man. That's her soulmate. We've known this for a long time. We've Known this like Yeah. if you talk, if you keep talking to me like that, I'm gonna call Rose Number ENI over here. Oh no. What do you mean She beat her? Oh, I see. Look, that's the only person. That's the only person that could have your back. That John we le fight. That was the craziest one. Oh. yeah. She got that giant hematoma on her forehead. That was not tough. I'm Telling you that Why was such a war?


Everybody that should be mandatory watching every six months for any UFC fan. 'cause you kind of forget. I rewatched it the other day. I was on one of the hotels I was staying at. Oh my God. You know. You know you have you. It's Crazy. I mean crazy. The whole fuck. Have you seen, have you seen Little Nicky when Adam Sandler movie, Adam Salem movie? It's the only one I haven't seen. Fuck. But Kevin, Kevin, Kevin Neeland gets tits on his head. That's what she looked like. It's almost identical. Yeah. Yeah. She had a, a giant hematoma in her head. But what war? A kitty You know. Another crazy war is the Y Chaon fight. When, when way Jean, we Lee put her to sleep and she wakes up at the end of the round and they let her put her in the corner. And she's like, what happened? Yeah. And they just walked her back to the, I was making fun. It missed the entire fight.


She went to sleep. She went to sleep. She went to sleep and still fought five fucking How many rounds did she get stopped? Five rounds. Five rounds. And she had stopped at the end, maybe late in the fourth or fifth, but it went, it went, wow. What a war. I know I was making fun of. It wasn't paying attention. When people don't like Women's MMA, I'll let 'em watch those two fights. Yeah. if you watch those two fights, you tell me you don't like women's MMA. No. It's just as good. Yeah. At the highest levels. I think Calm, I think women's MMA is the only, it's the only m a's the only sport where the women's side is just as entertaining to, Bro. There's some I agree. There's some women out. I agree that except maybe tennis. You can throw tennis up there. But other than that, Make sure you put your ball in for Kamala Harris too. Oh, you disagree? Yes. Well, listen, there's some women that are a competition level.


Valentina Shep Chenko. When she's in her prime, when she head, when she head kicked Jessica, I, that's as good a head kick you're ever gonna see in the sport. Jessica goes flatline. But let me ask you, this falls back. So, so when, so when Izzy knocked out Robert Whitaker, when you're talking about talent, you said she knocked out Jessica. I Right. It's not the same level of talent in the sport overall. They're gonna get there. But when, but when Amanda Nunez knocked out Cyborg, it was one of the most exciting moments in MMA fair period. Facts. We were going crazy. We were like, Wow. And don't forget when, when, when, when Rhonda, Rhonda Rousey, the Rhonda Rousey run the end of that run. When she got knocked out that bro, When she got head kicked by Holly Hol that was crazy.


Yeah. But but, but that wouldn't be considered high level, right? Because Rhonda's no striking compared to men's would be like eighth grade. Yeah. But even finishes even. No, I'm just talking Even finishes. I'm just talking about entertainment. Like Yeah. Oh, that's two different Things. Like, like just same thing. Like when, when Rose won the title. How about when Misha Tate strangled Holly hol to win the title. Amazing. That was crazy too. Amazing. Put her to sleep off Holly Holmes throwing punches while she's getting choked. Unconscious. Wild. Crazy. I'm not, you're not gonna argue. I'm not saying it's not entertaining. I'm, it's not the same level. It's not the same level, it's the same level. That's all I'm arguing. No, there's no, they're still in leather helmets. It's 'cause they're, they're so new. Right, right, right. They're gonna get there, but they're still in leather helmets. But there're leaps and bounds from when Rhonda debuted.


Oh, leaps and bounds. Leaps and bounds. No, they're, they're moving faster than men. Carano. They're moving faster than men. They started, I mean, Amanda Nunez, I mean she's kind of gone now, Right? No, she might come back. Okay. She's talking about coming back with Kayla. She can fight. Kayla Can headline, she can headline a card. Oh. yeah. Yeah. And what I'm saying is compare that to any other sport. Like are you No one wa the, the, the Women's Olympic basketball team had the least amount of, Because they didn't have Kaitlyn Clark on it. Right. Right. But but that's what I'm saying is like it's not Oh no, it's not. Oh, as far as women's sports. No, it's not the same C dominates. It's, it's Not even close Oh. yeah, totally. It's also, it's violence. Man. Violence is more compelling than any other sport.


It's the reason why football is so exciting is because of violence. It's a sport. It's a game. Yeah. But there's something crazy about watching guys tackle each Other. Well, but it's also because there's also, it's because there's nothing missing. The U in the UFC. Every single thing I can see in a man's fight, I can see in a woman's fight. Right. Right. They don't, they don't hold it back. They don't change the rule. They win by ko. They win by submission. Yeah. Even Though I, maybe This fucking cat is good. He is fucking good. Fucking good. Super slick tall for 1 25. Tall as fuck Steve ing. But, but manages to cut the weight really well because there's no fucking chance that guy weighs 1 25. He's asleep. And you could tell like when he walking on the street, he look like a nerd. How many dudes? Super nerd.


It's a good computer programmer. He's probably about a buck 42 right now. Yeah. At least. Yeah. Something like that. Especially that height. Right. But man, he's so slick and so skillful. You know he doesn't have the same type of moves as San Hagen. But he kind of reminds me of like Pres, he's kind of good at everything. Yep. Kind of good at everything. And KO's guys with sharp shots. I, this dude scares the fuck outta Him. He's a beast. And he comes from that same camp as same camp. Yeah. Izzy and you know, city kickboxing Bofski like that city kickboxing camp is a nasty camp. Man. Those guys are good. Yeah, Bro. When your last name is a different country than from where you from, Bro. And that place is like Kai car, France. These, these, that place is just like a lion's den.


you know when you have lion's dens like that? Yeah. Like the original Lions den. The Kent Shamrock lines. Fuck yeah. Hammer House. Yeah, hammer House and K. Yeah. Iron sharpens iron Man. When you got a bunch of killers together all in one room, it's just hard to keep 'em together. Hard to keep 'em together. Especially when you guys get successful and famous disaster. And it's also, guys just can only keep up that thing they do for so long. Man, you can only keep up that thing you do for so long. Yeah. MA is rare 'cause Yeah, you can only keep it up for, what do you think four years at your pinnacle? Depends, but I'm in general like, it's like Ford, like where you're at your pinnacle, like in top peak. No one can keep it up forever. It's a weird strip of mat down the middle. Are those lines? Yeah. So it looks like a separation, isn't it? Yeah. That's what the Yeah, that's where it means sowed.


It's sow together. They always have that. Wow. You just don't see it. Why? Why are you worried about that when two men are fighting? Well I've just never seen that before. What about That design? No, I'm telling it looks like there's actual openings there. I'm gonna call you lot. It doesn't always, there's no way. It always looks like that that Matt's usually like, I'm you This, it looks like a mat usually. It's exactly what it looks like always. No, it looks, you can see that there's space In it's a little more obvious. Yeah. It's sticking out a little more. Guys aren't tripping. Somebodys gonna get fired because of Tony Hinchcliffe. He's roasting the Matt designer. See Yeah. This together. Yeah. You got a good point. Yeah. De more There's spaces. Let's Look at the fight though. Yeah, for sure. I didn't think it was good.


Kyle France had some neurological problems after his last fight. Really? Yeah. What you Mean neurological? Well, he got tested and he was having some neurological issues and they told him to take quite a bit of time off of striking and contact. Did more guys need to take time off though? Like it, I know it's not the cool thing guys are chomping out the bit and that's why he had managers. But the problem with that too is like, I love Izzy taking time off and he, you know, he's one of the greatest ever, if not the greatest. But it's to your point how you're saying it's a short window. Yeah. And they go, oh, but you gotta rest. It's like, I get that, but I'm 28, 29 finding the 185 pound division so that You know the longer I take off, the less fights I'm gonna get. Right. But so it's a weird thing man.


It's a balancing act. But you gotta have people around you that are doing the actual work in, in terms of like testing you. And they did that with him. They did like neurological tests and he, it was an unfavorable result. And then later on he did it and he had a much better result. So he was happy that he did it. He took the time off. You know, you just, you gotta recover. You get knocked in the head a bunch of times. You gotta recover. Especially at the lighter weights. You got more time. And Well, I mean, I think in all weights, man, I mean I think about what happened with Vul Kovski, right? If he doesn't take that fight with Izzy on short notice, which I, excuse me, with Islam on short notice, which I think was crazy to begin with. When you're dealing with the best pound for pound fighter on earth and you fight him in 10 days notice, there's no way.


Was it like eight days? Something crazy. But think how fast went to pound for pound basically number one. We're all talking about him. Yep. And then a week later it's like, oh, he's the worst. Right. Well a a week later he gets, gets caught, but then he fights Ilia, por and get starched again. Yep. Too quick. In my opinion. Real quick. After a head kick knockout. So he, so he, he apparently he, he didn't get to train as much because he had to pass those neurological tests before he could even start. Right. No contact. But you can hit the bag, you could do a bunch of stuff. You can hit MITs, you can do a bunch of stuff you work on technique can get better. Yeah. It just, you can't do anything that hurts your head. And believe it or not even hitting the bag can hurt your head. Yes. Like if you've been concussed, you really shouldn't be hitting the bag.


Right. You shouldn't be doing nothing because every time you're hitting something, you're jarring your body. Bang. Bang. He be saying like he, because, and that's part of the tell. Like you just have to spell stuff and read stuff. Yeah. And imagine struggling. Oh, I'd fail that shit right now, bro. It's You know. It's hard to know because different people have a different result. Some people can get hit in the head and they're fine. Like Mark Hunt, like that dude is fine. But it's also hard to know like, yeah, mark has a chin, but if you gave that test to him when he was 21. Right. And then give him a test when he's 30 after fighting K one and pride and shit. Yeah, good point. Yeah. And it's, and then some people get hit in the head and they die. Yep. Have you ever heard of them pulling a judge off the card during the fight?


No. That happened. Just A little bit. No fucking way. Why? For what scorecard? The Tied to Evaso fight. Howie. Oh. 'cause he gave it both all three rounds tied to Evaso has been relieved of his duties for the rest of the night. Wow. They said, they said Howie hit hit, hit the showers. Oh. yeah. That's a, I've never seen that happen before. Oh look, look, I've seen awful fucking we're missing shit man. RS six's in trouble. Kai Carl Francis caught him. Oh, he hit him again. Oh. RS six's in big trouble. That's it. Oh wow. What a fucking comeback. Oh my goodness. And We were like paying attention to Ty two Vasa. Your brain's a hundred percent sir. Damn. Big huge win. Okay. That's a great result of taking time off, letting yourself heal.


Get back to a hundred percent. Now what do think Stacey's gonna do now? You have this giant win. Well, we'll hope, hopefully we'll find out real soon. But think about this Catapult, Tim. Now let's give your teammate just won. Won. Just beat up Michael from the office. You have time off. Yeah. By the way, you think Drake is two? Pluse gives a fuck about this. He doesn't care. No, he is savage. That guy. Savage. This is a big win for Kai, Kyle, France. He massive bro. Because they're both coming off losses. So wait, who fired the judge? The commission. Commission. Second. Someone let, Let's take a second to soak in the fact that that judge did give all three to Yeah. Look at this wind next at that left hook. Oh that left hook's crazy. Oh Dana, we missed all this. Oh my God. We missed all this. Good for Kai Care France, bro. That's big.


Dana doesn't have any control over the commission. People don't understand. Look this, look at this. Watch this left hook bang son. Look at those legs dipping up. That's beautiful. Well the commission probably thought it was an egregious scorecard because we saw Jarno teen off on him on one round. Yeah. You 30, 27. Yeah. They were probably like, Hey Homer, get the fuck outta Here. I mean, there wasn't a round that he won. That's a Big win, man. Massive bro. Because they both come off losses. Now think of Steve S you're on top of the world, right? Yeah. Razor sharp decision. Now you're down to, and now you got Ko half your pay. But this is huge for Kaiko, France. 'cause Kai K Front now becomes the most compelling guy for the featherweight title. Other than Brandon Moreno who's already fought Pantoja twice. It's tough. And then remember that other homeboy three times?


Did he fight him Three times? Three times. And but then remember there's a ton of contenders. That's how Steve Ek got in there. Right. And because they let homeboy go. 'cause he is difficult to deal with. Yeah. Makay. Yeah. Think about that. That dude. How 20 dude? Super difficult. So difficult. He's fucking undefeated. Yeah. How? 21. Oh undefeated. And tough as shit. Remember when he got leg locked and he did not tap? Yeah bro. His knee bar was horrific. It was. I was like, he might ruin his career. I wish they would change this too. The guy knows he lost. Let him leave. No, no, no. Shut up. Nah, you stay. You gotta take this in. Stay put, take it in. And then you better look. It's killing him. Look at that and then clap. Clap. You got clap. That's how men do it. You gotta clap. Good job bro. And you give him a hug out here. Got me. You got me. Does that stadium look small?


No, that's just one weird, it doesn't go back. Weird view of it. The what? Just a weird view of it. That's a big place. That's not the same place like Perth Holly. No, they're in, they're in Perth. So I mean if I had to guess, it looks like 10,000 because the the biggest gate. Well, Sydney's huge. That's a big place. That's where Holly and Rhonda set the record. Melbourne's huge and I think Izzy set the record too. Yeah. Melbourne is where they set the record. Odd, right? Yeah. Those Oh that's big. But I'm telling you man, the Japanese were doing it way bigger. Where's that? It's big. It's 15,000 seats where they're at right now. Yeah. Right. That's But that's like less than T-Mobile. The real big ones are the Japanese. What they did in Pride Tokyo 80,000. 80,000. Yeah bro.


They had 80,000 people every time. You still with Don Japan? Yes. Yes. Multiple events in Japan. Oh. yeah. They're great audience members. They know everything that's going on. Someone, they're not as wild When someone passes the guard, they all applaud. Yeah. They like technique. They're tuned in. They're tuned in. They're real quiet while the fights are going on. It's crazy. It's weird. It feels weird. It feels different. They're just really watching and appreciative. Like martial arts is such a deep history in Japan. They like respect. Have they ever done China Oh? yeah. No. I mean they definitely have. Yeah. Beijing. But yeah, they've done, didn't they? Bis fried Gasland in Beijing, right? Yep. Where else? At least two or three events. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Macau too. Is that make, what is it?


Macau Cow. What is Macau? I don't dunno. Does that count as its own country? No. That, that would be considered China. Right? It would count. That's a quick Districts A But there's like, they have casinos over there. They say they make Vegas look like, like fucking Reno. God, I bet those slot machines bro. Just, I heard they're Asian people smoking casinos over there and Asia are just bonkers. Just bananas. What is this one? Is that Macau? Look at that. That's China, right? Sun. Yeah. Is it in China? So I know they did a UFC there and my friends that went and worked it, they were like, bro, this fucking, it makes Vegas look like a joke. Look like Bartow. I, I have no desire to go there. Well if you lived over there and you spoke Chinese, probably a good move.


If you're really into gambling, I'm gonna Skip. They had to change the MGM, the design at the MGM. 'cause they fucked up and they had a mouth where it was like the lion's mouth and the people were coming through the lion's mouth and the Chinese people were like, you outta your fucking mind You know what kind of bad luck this is. Oh really? To walk through the lion's mouth. Oh wow. This is so stupid. So they had to redesign the whole thing. That's how much business they bring. Of course. Holy fuck. Lions over there. See if you can find that. if you can find story. Let's go with, yeah baby. I guaranteed you'd win on my podcast. I really need to win video. What's that? You haven't Booked? Is that what you Said? Shit serious. I guaranteed them to win. Hold on a second. What? Jamie, you just wanna see it or do you wanna see the attack video. Attack video. What? Attack video. The lions?


No, no, no. You weren't listening. Sorry. The, when the MGM was first constructed, you had to go through a lion's mouth to get into the building and they had to building it. Open mouth. Yeah. What is this science fiction movie? What is this shit? This looks good. Nah, I'm out. No crap, you're out already. That's bullshit. Everything slingshot. That looks good. Nah, I'm out. I'm out. What the fuck the fuck is wrong with you going out in the space? Nah bro. In theaters. Y'all with that? That's it right there. So that was the original thing. It says this myths v busted. It's no, it's not true. It's not true. Is it fake? What's the, what's the headline? According to pervasive Las Vegas myth, the mouth, the MGM lion served as the casino's hotel entrance. Even the Pulitzer Prize winning Las Vegas sun described.


The original MGM grant entrance in March, 2001 has a huge lion head with its wide open mouth serving as its doorway as you see from the photo below. This just wasn't true. Yeah, that the Mouths closed. Okay, so it's not going through the mouth but it's going like into the lion. It looks like it's a lions mouth. It's gone under its crotch. But they did change it. and I think, okay, it's been widely reported that many Chinese gamblers believe that traveling anywhere through the representation of a lion's mouth invites bad luck. Not nearly as much bad luck as traveling through an actual lion's mouth. Presumably. What does that mean? Presumably, but enough. Okay. It was literally that it wasn't literally true that they entered through the Lion's mouth. Former MG Mirage spokesman.


Alan Feldman told casino.org. But many customers believed it to have the same negative vibes and refused to use that entrance. Yeah. So it's true. Yeah, It is true. They went around the door. But also, but also they were saying where is it? There's other shit like the Rio and Encore Casino hotels are entirely missing. Floors 40 through 49. The number four is considered unlucky because sounds like a Chinese is Japanese words for death. Whoa. Jesus God dog There was like, I remember There was other, But they not missing the fourth floor. There's other certain floors that they didn't have. I forget what it was. But meanwhile it's like the 13th floor or 14th, but the 13th. It's bullshit. It's like Shooter Jennings had a a song about it.


It's like, you know what floor you're on. You know how the 14th floor bitch. It's like what the point is, like in Asian cultures, gambling is huge. It's like the why the best pool players come from the Philippines. They gamble. Gamble. Yeah. It's all about gambling over there. And so because these guys are gambling for such intense amounts of money, Like I said, a lot of like their, like luck and stuff that's built into their culture. Right? Like their new year, They got lucky fish. Luck is huge. Wish that you Have more money. Luck is huge. Yeah. Luck is huge. It's a big deal. And Gambling's a big deal. It's a big part of the culture. So if you have something that like doesn't appeal to Asians and it's a gambling event, you're gonna switch that shit up. if you switch that shit up quick, they, they don't want to, you don't want them going over the Tropicana or wherever the fuck they're gonna go.


In the world of like Pool Asians are some of the biggest gamblers ever. And that's why they're so good at pool. Yeah. Because they're playing for a lot of of money. So they get really good at it. You know, it's like there's consequences and there's You know value in being really good. Trying to think what else are they good at? Ping pong. Huge ping pong players. you know, I mean, go to the Beijing Olympics. Yeah. Yeah. Didn't the Chinese basketball team beat the American basketball team? Absolutely not, sir. Would I make that up? Yeah. What the fuck? How dare you. How fucking dare you. Didn't they You know what's funny when American team beat the Chinese math team? Do You know that? Really? Yeah. You wanna see what the American players look like?


Are they what? Chinese Americans? Yeah. Chinese. See if you can find the photo of the, the American team that won the math competition. It's like that in eSports too. Like all our, all our gamers and shit. All, all our, Is it a meme? Is it a fake? Is it fake? I don't know that it's fake, but it's Definitely a shit post. I love the good shit post. Oh my God. You know. See Matthew Louis beats China for the first time with 20 years. That's legit. They won. Is that real? I dunno. Three years ago. Shut up. You fucking comment. Of course it's real America. Fuck yeah. Coming to save the motherfucker day.


I know. I don't know about this one. Which one? The store shut. Just close the laptop. I think we have, we have plenty of information to form inclusion. We true. Look, there it goes. Shit. Yeah. Look. Oh God. Damnit regular Americans. This is bullshit. Hell yeah. But is this, but this is a different year. This is before they brought in the 18. Yeah. They were second place this know What is they squeaked by that year? This's. Just a memes with regular Americans. They just squeaked by. That's hilarious. That's the name. I wonder how big of a star Jean Lee is over there. She must be huge. Huge assume, right? You know because first UFC Chinese champion. Yeah. One thing I was gonna say, dominant. They watched her little fla jacks.


Well that's why that Y Chaan fight was so big. Two Chinese citizens fighting for the world title and two of the best of the best. HH How? In a really fucking good fight. Good fight. How many, how many people viewed in China? I wonder. Oh my God. It must have been off the charts. It so many people must been off the charts. Who's that Huge? It was a huge Chinese boxer that was like, yes, hot and cold and hot and cold. You Know what? Right, right, right, right. Fuck Was a guy's name. He's huge. And he wanted to fight Joshua 'cause he beat him in amateurs. Right. But he was just, I don't know what was wrong. He Win. You're not talking about the guy who knocked out Deontay Wilder. Yes, yes, yes. He just knocked out Deontay and he's 40. Yeah. Yeah. Dude's 40. Yeah. Ain't nobody trying to see that. Yeah. With Deontay man, it's like, it's Like you just don't always get him at a hundred percent.


Oh my God. Here we go. Well I just feel like with Deontay it's like there's only so many times you can get KD You know Here. we go, there's only so many times you did Ayahuasca and get all friendly though. That's a problem. Do it. That's a problem. It's connected Spears world. Tell us what Twitter thinks about all this. Brian. Hey, hey, I'm a DH adhd. I need constant stimulation. This is a fight you're about to see One of the craziest fights ever in the middleweight division. I, I'm so, I fucking Arguably, arguably the greatest of all time other than Anderson Silva. Yeah. Coming back. Well, You know they're different eras. It's, it's, it's always weird to argue that. Right? It's hard. Again, hard. It's completely different. But also one tested positive for PDs. One didn't. Just gonna throw. That's Not Fair. Well that's why I always bring up BJ Penn.


Whenever anybody talks about the greatest, I always bring up BJ Penn. I was there dude, I was there when BJ was storming the Castle Real deal when he knocked out Sean Truck. I was like, who's B? This guy? Yeah. Good luck. Who's beating that guy? But also I, you could also argue Iggy Izzy's fighting better, bigger, better competition. You could also argue that if Demetrius Mighty Mouse Johnson had anybody near his class in his division, like he's the best. Yes. You know. The only problem with Mighty Mouse is that like skill wise, he's the greatest representation of martial arts I've ever seen. Ever. He's the most complete In all areas. In all areas. And so, and because he is not burdened by Gravity, his, the way he can move, the things that he can do.


Just my, and then You know. And then You know who always fucks up the argument. G-S-P-G-S-P Was awesome Too, too because you gotta throw him in the hat and he's 100%. You also have to throw John Jones in the hat. Oh. yeah. John Jones is You know. This is, this is why John Jones trumps all of them. 'cause John Jones doing that light heavyweight and heavyweight where the level of air is so small, so small where Mighty Mouse can zig when should Z and gets hit. And he can, he can still win the fight. John can't. He's finding that much tougher. I Think, dude, I watch, I watch Mighty Mouse like go from a suplex to a arm ball. Oh. yeah. Yeah. Nobody can do that. No one can do it. No one can do that. No. He's 125 pounds, eight pounds. Yeah, I was gonna say it's a massive advantage of that weight Division.


Yeah. It's a massive advantage. You can move that fast. But You know John Jones did have some split decision. Law victories bring that bullshit. Yeah. you know, Tiago Silva fight. But no real losses Or Tiago Santos fight. No real losses. Dominic Reyes, no close his loss. Dominic Reyes close, close to a loss. That one's you could call. It was close. I mean, Dominic was, I think John had lost a lot of motivation during that time. He's fighting nobody's, and it's not, no disrespect to them, but you, John, you go from fighting jail. Vto, Machita dc DC Justice. When Johns at his best is like when John fought DC like especially the second time. That's John at its best. 'cause like there's a bit of rivalry.


They, they hate each other. They're very, and You know what that was also DC at his best. Yep. Yep. Well definitely the first fight. The second fight. Man, that head kick John just, he, he fucking knew it was coming too. He know, he knew DC had that tendency. They actually even talked about it. Yep. In the, in the press conference. They talked about it. He said, you think I'm gonna lean to the right and you got a head kick me And he did it. Mm. And N DC n DC got taken down. But also remember that first fight John tested hot. He definitely did. Damn. I keep Forgetting that. Before I spoiler. Before I Spoiler. Are you waiting to see how Craig Jones Did tonight? Yeah. How'd he do? He won. Oh, did he choke her out? Yeah. Did he get her back? Yeah. It's a video. Did he get her back? Yeah. Gabby Garcia.


I mean he did it gently. He's nice to her minute. Why She got more becausecause. Gabby Garcia weigh like 240 pounds. Why is This happening? Because they made this challenge match. She's tapping because Gabby Garcia is a multiple time world champion. She's like 240 pounds. But Damn, she ain't even get the braids stuck out, bitch, what you doing? Well You know. Sch wants to look good. Good For credit. Like that's more important than I could have told you. If There was betting on that fight, I would've bet everything I've ever earned in my life, I would've leveraged. It would call, I would've called banks. I would've called my business manager and said, what else can we sell? What else can we sell? Right. Like, what are the odds?


How much money I'm get? This is free money unless he breaks his neck. So you think she knew too that she was gonna lose Oh? Yeah. Everybody knew. There's no way Craig Jones is the second best grappler in the world. Yeah. Is a spectacle. Right? I mean, he's got eyeballs. He's a phenom. He's a phenom. And the only reason why he's not number one is Gordon Ryan. Yes. if you didn't have this dude who's doing juice 365 days a year training every fucking day studying like a, like a sub smart, super smart, super smart freakishly strong technique off the charts best ever, the best ever. Yeah. Ever. If that's guy doesn't exist. Craig Jones, number one, When I finally gotta to watch him live, I was like, I, get it, Bro. Gordon is a special athlete, man.


Yeah. And You know there's, there's a kind of mind that that guy has that that's a one in 10, 10 lifetimes. You see it in other like Michael Jordan, right? Yeah. You've seen Kobe. He reminds, reminds me a lot of Magnus Carlson. You watching a lot at him lately. You have to be insane. You have to be insane to be that good. You have to be insane. There's like five dudes that have that level of insane dedication amongst all sports in the world. And the second dude, Lance Arms, Armstrong, the second dude is Don her. The second insane motherfucker is his coach. Well, He always says Donna Donahue's the cheat code. He is man. He's a character in a movie. He was a racar at bars, but he's a character in a movie. He's literally like Mr. Miyaki. Yeah. Like you see him sitting on the side in his fucking gee.


But it's just his background. The guy was a professor, professor of philosophy at Columbia and then gets in love with Juujitsu when he is working as a bouncer and then decides to only teach juujitsu and sleeps on the mat and is training every day. It's the simplest. Only has like 1 4, 1 spoon in a bowl. Doesn't give a fuck about anything other than jiujitsu. Your trends. Doesn't give a fuck about anything other than being effective. And before he was all fucked up before his knee, he was destroyed. And he gotta get a hip replacement. He's got, he's all banged up, man. Like real bad from injuries. Oh. yeah. And a lot of it's from rugby. But before he was banged up. Totally. He was a nightmare. Everybody I, I know that rolled with him when he was younger. Like, dude, his technique was so good.


It was terrifying. He just had a bad knee. His knee was destroyed from rugby. Things happen for a reason though. He goes on to become this You know once in lifetime coach, he would've been a once in a lifetime fighter too. Yeah. I mean he's a, he's a real freak. But the fact that he can channel that kind of mindset of being an elite la grappler with a genius mind into another genius like Gordon, who's also just as dedicated as him and physically gifted, physic a mindset. But he even says, he goes, I'm not very athletic. He says it's all just technique and control. But that's the gamble. Right? It's like, be humble. You know. How do You know that? That's the person You know. You don't. Well you know when he's a kid. Yes. Because like he was, he was obsessed by the time he was like a kid. He's outlier, you know. And then by the time he gets, you know, he trained with Tom De Blas and then by the time he gets to John Donaher and Henzel school in New York, he's already pretty good.


you know? And then those guys in that ZOS Academy in New York, There was so many high level guys. And I bet you there, I bet you there's Some Eddie Wolverine. There's some child hanging around there. Gym. That's gonna be a fucking, Oh guarantee. There's murderers there right now. Gary Toan. I mean that, that whole gym was killer. So high level. And then of course Henzel just henzel himself. Like his, his background, like his direct Gracie lineage. Yeah. I don't like that. I don't like that. Did did you catch that? No. What'd he do? He handed him a monster Energy can over the cage. And he took a little sip, right? Yeah. That's Filled with water. It's bullshit sponsor. It's for the sponsors. Oh, okay. I thought it was cheating. No, no, no. Damn dog. You're throwing all, listen, by the way, that ain't gonna help you.


It's not a fuck. You could drink all the monsters you want. I Don Israel You know? I'm saying like there's not really monster in the, there's something else in the can. It's Water. No, no, no. It's all checked. All that stuff's checked. Yeah. It's just for their sponsorship. Okay. And you see after the fight, a lot of times they have empty cans and they pretend to drink. Gotta stay, stay off Twitter dog. You gotta stay. Yeah. You think you gotta stay. Twitter's Performance, Energy drink. I'm See what Jones has to say about this. DD P's fucked man. Monstering that game. Look at that jacket. I want a jacket like that. That's the next Kian buying a jacket like that. How Many does he have? Oh, Bruce. A Thousand. Bruce sponsored. He has a thousand of them. He Puts so much heart and energy and pride into each one of these things. I mean, it is so Cool.


in the last one he had Conor McGregor and Michael Chandler embroidered, like, sewed like their images inside of the lining of his jacket. Yeah. But the fight got canceled. So he had it made previously before the fight. Just for him. Just for him. They just had stored in his closet. Yeah. He's a wizard. He's the best ever. He's the greatest announcer in the history of combat. Sports will never be another, there's not even a close second. Yeah. Correct. I've known that guy for 25 years or something like that. Yeah. Known him forever. I met him in 1997 when he was doing those old UFCs You know He manages the his brother. Yeah. Well he's the one who figured out how to patent. Let's get ready to rumble. Put a trademark on that. Mm. They sell that shit. They make millions of dollars just from let's get get ready to rumble.


Balling. Balling Oh. yeah. Yeah. You can't say he's a great guy too. Everybody loves Bruce Oh. yeah. One of the best. And he's just the most exciting announcer ever. Like when he gets you fired up for like, if I was here. Gimme a little volume. Lemme hear this shit. Alright Joe, let's go. Let's get kicked off YouTube. Fuck it. Wow. I know a guy. I can get us. I can get our call removed. Oh, Here. we go. Come on Izzy. Oh my God. Here. we go. We locked In boy. Locked in, Locked in. I see. I see him clipping. CVP as he comes in, bro. He looks really good, man. Physically. He looks really good. Doesn't he look like a little thicker? Yeah, he does. Well I think he knew that this was gonna be a physical fight.


A lot of the training footage you saw a lot of like heavy inside fighting and heavy grappling. Not only does he look thicker, he looks less f flabby kind of than usual. Remember he had that tit top one time About one titty. Yeah, he had that one tit. Well that was a problem. He had an infection. But he was saying, I read a thing where he gave a, he was eating Uber Eats and shit a lot. Oh that's not good. Previous fights. And this one, he ate super clean to increase his everything. Damn. Uber Eats gave him one fat titty. I think it's a lot of Uber Eats. He's got a bad onion ranch just one time. Just the one tick gross fat, one titty. I don't know. Some fucking seed oils in his titty, bro.


A dude does not want that. Especially a dude who takes his shirt off and fucks people up for a living, bro. Nightmare. I think I asked him about it one time when he was like a little take back. I never wanna see this guy win. I don't know why. Dreas, I, I'm telling you, I feel the same way. He's so hellish. He's a natural. Yeah. I just wanna root against him, bro. He's a tank man. Hate face. Hess a problem. Yeah, he's a tough son of a bitch. Yeah, he is awkward as Fuck. And he says the N word, right? Yeah. No. Does He? Yeah, he does a lot. When did he say that? He's from South Africa. And you can say it if there's South. Wait a minute. Does he, are you sure? Doesn't he? No, I don't think so. Almost positive thinking. Frowned upon. I thought he, Mike Perry. He said Mike Perry doesn't say it anymore. It's frowned upon. Not anymore. You know this, but there's a Yeah, I've heard of this.


It was a big part of my special. I know. My favorite part. Oh, Here. we go Here. we go Here. we go Come, come on boys. Here. we go. Did they hit gloves? Yeah, they did. They did. They hit gloves. I don't like that. Oh my goodness. Drake is gonna charge. He he's gonna get clip. That's gonna be mistake. God. That's what I'm thinking. Oh my God. That's what I'm, that's gonna get clipped, bro. This is as intense. Let's before a fight, I need you to win. I don't think get grudge World title one of the greatest ever coming back trying to win the title. I just want right now to be the only time Izzy's back is against that fence, Bro, this looks intense. Here. we go here, we fucking go. Oh, I'm nervous. Here. we go. Come on. Those gold gloves are pretty dope.


I was thinking this in the gym today. I was thinking, I wonder if Trick has tries to exploit the fact that Izzy is heavy on that left leg. Sometimes his kicks heavy kicks. Yes. Well, with low kicks because Alex exploited that. I, Alex did a lot of chopping at the calves in, in the first fight in particular. That's even first round of the second fights. Yeah. I was thinking that right away. That's a good fight. But you but you're not Alex Pierre. Right. But he's not, but but he is a good kickboxer and his team is very good at formulating strategies. They did a really good job of having him fight South Paw against Whitaker. That was a big, a big factor. Yeah. Because Whitaker seems to have A little bit of a problem with South Paws when he gets caught with that right hook. And he caught, that's what Woody caught him with. That rocked him.


He caught him with actually almost like a strong jab off the right side. And he had some success against Strickland too. Yeah. I wanna see if he charges and, and and chops at those legs in, in the middle of the, the melee. You know good. Oh, that He is already cutting that off. Yep. Yeah. You think a clip coming in like that? The first time I saw Draki was live and he was charging like a bull. I can't remember it was like three, four fights ago or something. He's tempered that. He's tempered that he used to have these blitzes. Yeah. Where he would like have his chin up in the air and charge forward. Yeah. I think though also those were the days where his mouth was Oh, that left hook.


There it is. Also, his mouth was open a lot during those fights. 'cause he had a Ooh, nice kick to the body. It was a cardio prom too, because he had a, a completely destroyed nose. Yep. So he got his nose reconstructed and now he could breathe out of his nose. And since then he's looked amazing. Pl has a cardio problem. Oh, he did? He did. That was a good, the coach said he could only bring, breathe 6% out of his nose, which I thought was bullshit. But then he got it fixed and that motherfucker has cardio. Yeah. That was a nice high kick. Byres right there. Is he blocked to be, see Izzy's got that right hand up higher now it just hit so fucking hard, man. And he's a dog dude. The dude, he's a dog. I mean, he's trying to kill you Bulldog. Yeah. And he's really hard to hurt, man. Like in the Strickland fight.


Oh, nice. Low kick by Izzy. Tony thought DDP said the N word lot. That swear guy. He does. I swear I saw clip of him on Twitter. There Was something different. He, I think he said something about being like the first African Champion. No, he definitely did that. They said that Izzy went on that rant. Yeah. Well Izzy said that to him. Yeah, yeah, yeah. What's up? Like he did when I was holding the microphone. Yeah, I remember that. He's saying the drop the N word. Yeah. Izzy was, yes. It was awkward. He's like my African brother. He goes, he goes, I'm no brother of yours. Oh, I interesting. I just Googled it. It's 'cause Ada, Sonya called him the N word. Yes.


Sorry about that. You root for him. Now you should root for him just way because you feel bad. No, Izzy watches kill Tony every Monday. Yeah. Izzy's the man. He does Loves it. He loves it. Posts about it and everything. Izzy guys. He looks, yeah, he looks good. And you this, you see that discount defense. And from this distance, this is Izzy at his very best all day brother. if you can. He's the master at distance. Oh man. But he's also the master at timing. And his kickboxing is super technical. He's setting things up all the like there. Oh, he's setting things up all the time. I love that. He's Do you, do you think he knocked out Alex, bro? How wild is that? Yep. Wild. Wild. I mean, he's moving away from these big shots. So instead of standing there, like Sean does a nice low kick there by DRAs, instead of standing there like Sean does.


Izzy's on his bike. Yep. And he looks real good. He's actually, he looks real good on the outside. He looks focused. Oh. But that, that high kick is sneaky as fuck, man. He's done that a couple times. Oh, Let's go Baby. That's it, baby. Oh, Izzy Here. we go. Good combo by Izzy. Nice combo. Oh, he's gotta be careful for that left high kick, man. Because DRAs is sneaky with that shit. And Izzy's blocking with the one hand, which we don't realize he is trouble, man. Well, it's trouble when DRAs throws that left. Ooh, we heard him with that right hand. Oh, another low kick. Oh no. Oh. Get off the fucking fence. Is he? Yeah, exactly. Izzy just shook his head. Which is never a good sign. Never. That means it hurt. He just low kicks him again. Yep. You all right Joe?


I mean, that's what I would do if I was in his corner. I would say, look at the Alex fight. Two fights in a row. He had real problems. Oh, another nice supper cut. Great upper cut. Nice. That high guard's perfect frizzy. And that kick to the body. Oh, there's that left kick again. Man, this motherfucker can kick bet than I thought, bro. He's sneaky with that left. Yeah, he is. He's sneaky. That thing's coming over the top fast. The motherfucker takes a shot too. Oh, there's that left again. Yeah, but Izzy starting to feel himself now. But here's the thing, brother. When you get those on the forearm, it fucks your arm up so bad. Ooh, nice. Right hand rod. That what I'm saying? You gotta have two hands. Oh, another one you gotta have two hands on. It's gonna break your forearm. It can break your forearm for sure. Especially. Oh, we chopped at the leg again, those kicks his motherfucker.


See that blitz is what's gonna get him fucked up. Yeah. It's gonna get him knocked the fuck out. Yeah. That's what we want. There it is again. The high kick, bro. That left high kick is sneaky. That's gonna be a problem if you don't start getting too heavy. Also, just holding pads getting kicked by those sucks. Yeah, man. if you take three four of those in the meat of your forearm, you think your leg goes numb. The thing about your leg going numb is you gotta walk on it. Your arm. You're still moving around, but you might be in fucking agony. You got a shin slamming into your forearm. All Izzy's doing is this. So that that fucking you shouldn. None of them have been, what's up? What should he be doing this like this? You gotta do like this and you want to catch it on the side of the bone like this and this, this, this softens it.


So it's like, so you got two the the worst thing you got is this, this. Because if you go like one hand, it's gonna break. Snap that shit. Snap that shit. So many guys have gotten their forearms snapped by catching a kick. Remember Frank Shamrock and Kung Lee. Oh bro. Snap. His arms just snapped and it happened so often. Oh my God. This fight's so And DPS thick. Man. This fight's so exciting. I had to uncross my legs. I had to text Yohanna. I said there a hard emoji and a fist we're, mom, I want you guys to get married. Yeah, me too. Me too. Let's go. We just need her on board. Good. Sound like a real stalk. You'll be my bitch Tony. I just need her on board.


She's gonna, she doesn't, she's wear a dog collar son. She's gonna make you wear a dog. She gonna' peg you. She's unbelievable in real life. Like She got upgraded too. Yeah. Here we go, wow. Upgrade. I Means she gotta a BO. No comment. No. That would be fucking dope. That'd be ridiculous. That's not necessary. That's a hall of famer you're talking about There. No. Nah. Oh, oh, oh, oh. None of that. Landed a lot of energy. Yeah, but listen man, this, oh that's a nice low kick there. Dude. That was a quick motherfucker kick. Especially that left leg. That left leg low kick and high is very dangerous. That first round's tough to score. Yeah. But it's a fight. I'll tell you that. This is a fight.


Nice. Good kick. Nice low kick. Good kick. You see? Great kick. Good movement. Oh no, no, no, no. Take down. Hold up, hold up. See how he handle. Handles this up. Hold up. Right up up. We right back up baby. Don't give back up. Right back up. Oh, no, no, nope, nope, nope, nope. Almost hand fight. Hand fight. Stand up bud. Hand fight. Stand up. Jerk is is such a fucking bull, man. He's such a bull. Done. Got The back. The FC. But he has a killer rear naked choke that He Oh, he is got the back. That's not in deep Uhuh. Yeah, but he is on top. So he's in, this is bad. This is real bad. He's gonna have to give his back again and stand up. He's gonna have to get up to his feet. He's gotta stop the grounding pound. He can't be flatten out. Oh, that ain't good. This iss terrible. That's terrible. Oh no. Oh no.


Bad shots. Oh no. He has it. Oh no. Oh no. He's turning, he's turning. He's turning. We're good baby. This is not good dude. No, it's, there's a lot of time. Three 30 to go. Oh shit. Oh no. Oh, no, no, no. It's still, it's on the chin. Oh no, he's good. Oh. yeah. Wow. Oh, he's on top. Oh, back up. God. Back his ass up. Let's go. Come get some. Show Him who you are. Come get some baby. This is when you go. That's right. Is he? Let's go. He's tired. Nice. Front kick to the body. No. Oh. There he goes. Nice try. He's in trouble. Nice try. He ain't kick you in the dick. Nice Try. He kicks him the body. Yes sir. Come on baby. He's tired. He's tired. He tired. He's tired as fuck. Let's go. Is he Stay your horse. He a lot of energy trying to finish that. He almost had that shit. I was worried.


Oh. Oh. Good movement. See you Missing. Man, That kicks slow now. Yeah, he's tired. He's very Out this round. Damn. He had that Charlie brown this a lot of time. Oh, a lot of time. The upper cuts all day is the upper cut by. Oh right. Oh. Good. Counter by tricking. Oh you got, you dropped him. Oh my God. Oh my God. Dropped him to a fucking take down. Yeah. But two 30. We're only halfway through this round. Kids. Oh, he, he's back up on bottom. Oh. He's grabbing the fence. He's grabbing the fence. Oh. Don't grab the fence. Why not? 'cause it's a point, I don't even see the wreck. No, They give warnings dog. They should take a point. I agree. But they don't. Okay. He's almost up. He's almost up. Dreas is tired on. He's exhausted. He's tired. I'll Just be elbow in the face.


Oh, He landed that? Yeah, he did. Landed Twice. Said little cheeky punch. Oh. Yeah, he's, he's up. He's up. He's up. He's up. Dre's too tired to pull this off, bro. He's not even, His punches don't even have Nothing behind him. No, he's exhausted. Trick is he is exhausted. Get off. Dreas is a dog though. Got You know you got a hand fight. Don't It Is the giant Kibble. This is, let's go. This is making Dika exhausted. Oh. yeah, totally. Super exhausted. Is he's tired too though. That dude, Lord. He Look at nap. Look at DRAs is taking some deep ass fucking breaths. Son is. They both are. They both are. Bro. This is tough. Oh. yeah, this is tough. Come on. Up, up, up days. He's up. He's up. He's up. Turn. Does he have the energy to slam, bro?


One 30 to go is a long ass time. A lot of things can happen at one 30. Don't go cura. Get quick. Get clear. Get clear. Hand fight. Pick a hip and fucking go bud. Violent elbows. He's gotta get outta this position first. Turn under hooking down. He can't get taken down again. He can't get taken down again. Nope. Yep. There it is again. He's up. Almost. Nope. This is exhausting for Izzy too. He's exhausted now. It's you're carrying that weight. Yeah, he is. Gotta make sure he doesn't give up his back while he's standing up. Don't let him get those hooks in. They're resting here. He's almost up. He's up. He's up. He's up. He's tied around that waist though. Get deep pummel.


Get those hands free. He needs to turn into him. Re is is fucking, he's a dog dude. Yeah, he is. Because he's exhausted. He's exhausted. It's like, Does is he not having the like Left hook? Oh, oh, oh. Get outta that. That was a good left hook. Well now he's starting to get some power back in those punches Because he, he got some rest. Oh, Here we go now turn. Oh God. All right. Get free. Get free. Come on. 29 seconds. Pumble in. Get that underhook in. Oh, Look at this round the head. That's always fun wizard. Here we, oh God. Oh my god. Trick Is, I fucking hate this guy. Oh you're, Oh you're ache now. Yeah, he's on him.


He's not accomplishing. Don't Hate the player. Kids hate the game. Listen, this is an exhausting round. We're only in round two kids. Yeah. Only in round two. And this fight's crazy. When the last time we seen him duplicity in deep water. Ooh. Last fight. Sean. Sean Strickland. Most people thought he lost two. But that was the first time he went five rounds. Yeah. Right. With the new nose too. Right. Wow. This is a fight. Does he starch Whitaker before that? This is a fight son. Yeah, this is a fight son. I like Izzy's chances still. I really do. He's more comfortable in the striking exchanges. What fuck Is he don't sit down in the corner. He just, Well he is also been kicking in the legs a bunch. Sometimes you don't want to sit down.


You're better off standing up. You would have it one. One. I don't know. 'cause we're talking a lot of shit. I'm trying to delete my bias. I know. So me too. You could have a two. Oh I got a Two. I I don't think this fight's going. His kids. Yeah. No. If I had a bet right now. If I had a bet right now, I don't think this fight's going the distance. No. Me neither. Not A chance. I think du plus are getting knocked out this round. I guess one won. I guess Drake is that round. He starts faking that lock Control. Drake has almost got that rear naked in that last round round. You can't discount this right here. No, this is nasty dude. D round. This is a fulcrum tr if he has that left forearm on the back of the shoulder like Khabib did to Connor, this is a nasty choke man.


It's brutal. But all of this came, you don't have to get under the chin. All that came from that desperate ankle. Pick that diving ankle pick he got. Yep. Yep. Well I mean the guy's a dog. He's getting lit up on the feet. Plus you'd have to give DDP that round 'cause he didn't do much. Yeah, Yeah. What the fuck was that? I never called him DDP before. I feel like I'm cheating on Dallas. Diamond page, diamond Dallas, diamond Dallas page. I always call him that. Do what you call him. Dallas Diamond. Nice front kick to the body is he looks in good shape. Those kicks to the body are fucking him up too. Man. That's the one that he tried to claim was a, a low. He has to be careful because DDP has start blitzing his ass. I want him to blitz. That's what's gonna Get him fucked up. Me too.


I just don't want him to blitz with Izzy's back on the fence. Correct. Where's he can't go anywhere. That's trouble. So the more the fight stays in this dis distance, the more it really favors Izzy. Especially as Izzy is the more technical guy. And he looks fresher right now to Me. Way fresher. Yeah. And Izzy's now he's starting to work the faints and all that. He had his bag right now. Yes sir. Oh. yeah. Good shot. He looks good now. There you go. He looks good now. Drs is in trouble. Yeah, he's stumbling all over. Izzy's feeling it. He's about to get a leg kick here. He's teeing off all those, those kicks are coming slower now. Ooh. He's looking for the big shots boys. I like that. He's looking for the big shots and now he switches South Paw. I love it. I love it. Give him different left. Oh, head kick. Let's go. And then we're again, we're only the third round boys.


Oh. I like, is he staying there when he closes the distance? Man, Whores has not done much this round. Kids. No, he's he, he's exhausted. Oh's exhausted. Oh, look at man. He's not even look that he's doing that old thing. That shit head down. Oh, that one just hit shoulder. That was just LA. Oh, nice. Rip to the body. Damn. His technique looks to and Izzy keeps Jack Oh, left About pick you him apart. He about to pick you apart boy.


Yeah. He's picking him apart. Come on. Is And he's, he's fucking up his body. I know Trevor nor somewhere Just conflicted. You know. He doesn't watch this. He don't watching man. He's watching WBA. Right. if you work for the, that show, you get canceled for watching this. Yeah. It's frowned upon. You're encouraging violence. Whoa. DRAs has lost a lot of steam off of his shots and Izzy has not. Oh, that's he Is he going for the kill dog? Yeah. He's like, he's getting in his group himself. No, he got caught with left hand. He got caught with left hand there. He got caught. He got caught with left hand stay controlled.


Is he Don't let him close the distance? No, the strong low kick. Let's go Champ. Oh, Jesus Christ. God. That technique so bad. But it's landed. Yeah, but the thing is like Izzy, let him catch him there. I agree. Whew use that jab is Oh. So like this shit. Oh, he got hit again? No, none of that landed. Yeah. The right hand did. Nah, his hand was up dog. Yeah, but it still hit his hand while his hand was in front of his head. That shit fucking, there you go. Oh, that's big. That's big. That's big. Come out. He's exhausted. Let's go. But Izzy's a little tired too here kids. Yeah, he is, but he looks better. Oh, nice. Right hand Oh. Yeah. Izzy's like third round tire. This guy's like five fifth round tire. Yeah, He is. Well, look how he does everything. He does, he does as hard as he can.


Hard slip there. Every punch he throws, he throws as hard as he can possibly throw. That's why he is a fucking problem. Yeah, it's But it's also why the gas tank runs dry. Correct. Oh, nice. Right hand. Ooh. Oh, Izzy's got the timing down. Yep. Look how his voice Oh, oh. Got that upper cut there. His timing's off. See, I don't like figuring Stay there and trade. No, no. I don't like Izzy shot. What the problem is when he gets tired, if he moves back and he just takes just a little too much time. And then trick is blitz like that. Like if he gets hit with one of those. Yep. Those are tricky. Yeah. Heavy. They're fucking heavy. They're slow, but they're fucking heavy. Oh, that's a nice low kick by Trias. He still keeps chopping at that fucking right leg. Oh, good.


Upper cup. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Come out. I must see easy put on the brakes and hit his ass, bro. I'm worried about those fucking hammers. They're coming. Me too, bro. It's like so close to his fucking grill. Yeah, you gotta appreciate that guy's. Grit. He don't got The juice. Oh, that left hook of the body was nasty. Ooh. He took a big, deep breath. Yeah. Oh, right hand. Is he going the, Those body shots are fucking him up. It's investment. Yep. And he's out of breath getting hit in the red. He's getting beat up, man. I mean, these shots all count. You know. And he's like chipping away at him. Chipping away at him. Oh, Jesus. It's like a push is like a, he's like a push though. He is a dog man. Yeah, he's a dog.


Nice Inside. Low kick. Yep. He's not stopping. It definitely is. He's round such a crazy strategy. Right. Just put your head down and wing punches wild and become world champion. Yeah. He's shit's exhausted. He's exhausted, but he's a fucking dog. So it's not over. Yeah, it's not over, man. Because he's gonna recover for sure. That's the clearest round for It's clearly. Is he winning? Yeah. Clearly. Is he now? Is he, the momentum is also clearly on Izzy's side. You, you probably say two one, Izzy. Yeah. If you're just balls deep on DDP say two 1D DP. The the turn of the tide is definitely in Izzy's favorite.


Yes. He's really sucking air right here. Well, He's getting teed on and he's getting a lot of rips to the body. No, he's over. Those are best. What is it? How does he say it? A what is that? Is that your thumbs? Not every, that's him in this corner. Oh, he's not French. No. Fuck. Oh, That's why you gotta stay off Twitter Bros. South African. Oh, right, Right, right. Oh my God. That's hilarious. We. were like, what? You said French We. were like, what the fuck you said? I'm like, you're the casual of casuals, Brian. This the whole deal with this fight is a battle for Africa. He's from South Africa. I know. That's why I made the Noah joke, but Oh, you fucked up up his stupid name weed.


Brian Thinks France is in South Africa. Stupid Name. Dreas. Duby. Right. Here. we go round four kids. Championship rounds. Let's go. I am out of breath. Give me some mayonnaise. Oh no. Oh no. How about a Bordeaux in between rounds? Brian thought this French guy's To This French guy. I love it. His name drew me off. I love it. I thought He was from France. He was making Trevor 10 minutes ago. I was making Trevor Noah jokes. I heard this French guy dropping n bumps other day. Oh, oh, Oh, oh, oh. Izzy just had a beautiful combination. Oh, he a DDT on him.


What a sprawl. He's dead Now. We cooking baby. He's dead. He's eyes get his up. Doesn't even want let his ass Up. He doesn't even Want Real trouble. Let's go. He D-D-T-D-D-P. Oh, let's Go. My God. This is exciting. This is the old style bender kids. Yes sir. Give him the faints. Give him the faints. Yep. There, there you go. Is this is the style bender of old kids? Yep. Yeah. Look, y'all about to learn today. Oh Boy. This is instinct that knows I'm in here with somebody that's not on my level. Well, It's also a guy that's compromised. You've been beating them up and chipping away at him and now you are fresher and he's dying and he's like taking big lunging shots at you. And that's the game plan. That's championship chip man. Yep. Especially for Izzy's style. Like nice kick to the body.


Oh, nasty. Oh, Look at that upper cut. Oh my goodness. Hit Me with that. Apartheid. The Mandela Effect. Yep. Yep. Is he Looks good dude. He looks good. Yep. Looks good. Just D dp. So dangerous. I I love those gold gloves. I gotta say I do too, man. He looks bad. I gotta say those gold gloves look fresh. I want Izzy to win so bad so he can fight Strickland. Me too. He's, they're gonna fight again, man. I guarantee you they're gonna fight again. Oh. yeah, they're gonna fight again. He, he need that one back. Yep. Yeah. Well I just don't think he realized how good Strickland was. That's my feeling. The few things I think he didn't realize how good he was. Overlooked him. There was also drinking. And then also all the fights, title fights.


Lot people realize like fight heavy lies the crown fight. When you, when you hold the title, you gotta do more media. The pressures on you. But also no One in UFC history has ever like utilized the Philly shell. Like You know. Like he's probably never even seen that Before. The way Strickland fights is very unique and that front kick to the body is also a real problem. Oh man. He throws you off with that front kick to the body. He does it off that front leg whenever you settle Strickland's. Good man. Strickland's really fucking good. And his fucking cardio is off the charts. He spars so much. Well, think about Strickland. Like we know how hard daddy Oh is. He caught him with that right hand. Think how hard DDP hits and Strickland just stood in there toe to toe. Yep.


That's how get his defenses. And that's how tough he is. I cuts are Extended. He's barely touched outta Sonya tonight. Yeah. Barely. It's wild. A lot of affected low kicks. But Boy, Izzy's just fucking up his body. I love the body shots. Drain that cardio. Yeah. Just moving The way. That's incredible how he does that. Well he's got the, the one of the most beautiful pieces of Art. Doesn't my end. The thing is, the guy never stops at that. Oh, look at swinging man. And it's like, if you're tired at all and you're in these exchanges, it's fucking dangerous. Man. If I was in his corner, I'd be chewing on my fingernails. Like, get out there. Don't stand in front of that guy. Also with Izzy making a miss. Nothing depletes your fucking energy source. More than fucking swinging a miss.


Oh dude. Dude, dude, dude. Oh God. Why does missing make you more tired than hitting? Because you have to pull your arm back. Yeah. The way, get out. Get outta there. Get outta there. Oh dude, dude, dude. Oh my God. That's incredible. Oh my God. Oh my God. My fuck. What the fuck is going on? My God. What just happened? He heard him. Dude. He heard him. He heard the whole, oh shit. He might have this. Oh no, he has it. Oh, he has it. No, no. Oh God way. Oh my God. Dreas is a fucking animal. Dude. That's a tough motherfucker. He's a fucking animal. That's shit's a tough fucking guy. I'm, I was saying that those punches, even though he is exhausted, you can't be in those exchanges. You're gonna get clipped. if you get clipped, you're in real trouble.


Fuck. He got hit with those big right hands, man. He got rocked with those right hands. God, This this makes me feel like, like America lost a war or something. Wow. Like I just fucking hate how this feels. Fuck Yeah. I don't feel great. I guaranteed when I remember one time when I was a kid, I was a big, I I was a big Donald Curry fan. You remember Donald Curry? Donald Curry was a welterweight boxing champion. Oh, okay. And he fought Milton McCrory, who was like his big rival. Milton McCrory was a bad motherfucker too. And McCrory hit him with a no, Mike McCallum, excuse me, the body snatcher. They called him Mike McCallum. 'cause Donald Curry had just knocked out Milton McCrory, this spectacular fight. And then he fights Macal and Macallan hit him with a left hook to the body and a left hook to the chin.


And he went out cold lying flat on his back. and I, I couldn't take it. I had to go running. I had to leave my house. I had to go running. I was just so fucked up over it. Yeah. And I said to myself, I'm never gonna get that fucked up over someone fighting again. Yeah. See, that's how I feel. But I want to eat instead of running Ba bro. So here it is. It's the punches. It's a weird thing. 'cause because Izzy was, look at this though. Dominating. But, but still in these wild exchanges that guy's got the heart to catch you. His heart's insane. Insane. Look at this right here. Boom. And then boom. These are big shots when you're tired. And it's the fourth round. Yeah. And then he gets his fucking back. Man. Crazy. He won. I don't know what organization it was, but I was looking at his record recently.


He won like six of his first seven fights with that rear naked show. Yeah. No, he, he comes from a tough organization, But literally like almost all of his first fights, he won by rear naked choke and I found it so interesting. 'cause I've never seen him even a fight like that. The last few fights in the UFC. He's a weird one. Ell No, he got Darren Tell in the real rear naked choke recently. Yeah. But he's a weird one because you look at it and you're like, what does he do? Well, You like, well he's very awkward. Yeah. And he has no quit in him. Very awkward. No, quit big power. You wouldn't say technically like very super durable. Takes you a great shot and ha amazing heart won't quit. Yes. I mean, he got pissed Up and it didn't even look like he even rocked his or anything. Like Izzy was just confused about what was happening. No, no. He rocked him. Yeah. He rock.


Yeah. Those are big Right hands acting like that dude. Those are big right hands. Those are, they they they caught him right on the side of the head and then he hit him with two in a row. That's so Weird. He punches with the back of his hand. No, he does it like this. He's doing it like this. He's hitting with the knuckles. Oh. He, I'll tell you my Instagram comments on that. Izzy posts aren't gonna be fun. Well, don't read 'em. Oh, of course not. You bet. No, I, IIII guaranteed Izzy would win though. I really thought he was going to as well. Yeah, but you can't count that guy out. This is like the whole thing that I was saying. Like whenever you have these exchanges and you see these winging punches come Izzy's way, it's, they're dangerous. Yeah. Anything can happen. And when you're tired and you're not moving back as good as you were in the second in the first shit happens. Shit happens. Yeah.


Especially when a guy has no quit in him. Yeah. Look at that man. I mean, that's a definitive victory. This Is what happens when you live vicariously through grown other grown men. Yeah. You get disappointed, man. But think streak is beat. He stopped Whitaker. He beat Strickland. Now he's beat Izzy. Not only that, he finished Izzy with a rear naked choke. He finished Whitaker. Nobody's finished Izzy like that in a fight ever in the U ffc. No one submitted him like that. No. He's been kod. Which was controversial, but No. Yeah. That's crazy. I mean, that's a crazy victory. You gotta give it up to that dude. It's hard for me to give it up to him. I, I don't know why. Oh, you're crazy. I Know. and I, he's also, I know he, He's a nice guy. He's never lost two a Row. I've would get along great.


He's a great guy. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sure he is. Look, I give it up to the guy. The guy's a fucking animal. He's savage. I hate Him. Hate as much as I love Hate. Is He? I hate how he talks. Let's hear him talk. Yeah. Let's hear the fucking, You love this stuff. De get an accent. I Need down. Got the take down. I got that dike down. People down. This man is the king of getting back up. Nobody can take you down. Hey, keep him Dick. I got a few good ones. Punches, Bro. He's legit. He's legit. He's like the Russian from Rocky Proof in the pudding. Don't you wish that Alex was still at 180 5? You know. I bet he could go to 2 0 5. He's big enough Oh. yeah, he could definitely go to 2 0 5. Come get some. He Would get starched up to here Though.


Oh, but wouldn't you love to see him try Oh? yeah. I mean that's, come on. That's jumping into the fucking shark. I mean, he can take a shot for sure. But can you take a shot from that guy? Okay. And you take a shot from that guy at 2 0 5. 'cause that guy at 2 0 5 puts everybody night, night. Everybody goes night, night. Well, so Strickland's guaranteed. Dana said Strickland gets the winner. So Strickland's next for this then s or he gives Strickland a little money to fight Robert Whitaker. And he is say, come on, let's go. Double champ. No, 'cause you got, you got Whitaker fighting Hamza. Ooh. That's right. That's right. That's happening soon too. That's right. But who knows how that's gonna work out. Hopefully Hamza makes the fucking lot. Yeah, that's what I was about to say. I mean how many fights has Hamza had to pull out of what?


Two, which Is wild. Two or three. And then he missed weight on one when he fucking Kevin hoeing his. Right. Remember his whole claim of fame was he fought like three in a row or Something. Yeah, but that was before he got rich and famous. Yes. Different animal. The problem is he's like so revered in the Muslim world. you know, he's got like that Chean leader loves him and You know he's a fucking man. Now he is driving a Mercedes, getting a breakfast You. know what I'm saying? Like, woo. Here's the, here's the question. What did Izzy do? Well, Izzy was winning the fight. He was doing real good. He got caught. Doesn't matter the loss. You know. Doesn't You Know? Yeah, he just got caught. That happens. But He got caught. I think Izzy comes back and I think Izzy took a lot of time off. I think he looked real good. Me too. You know. Maybe he needed more time to prepare.


Maybe Dr is just that tough or maybe He needed another fight. Like a tuneup Fight. we don't do that in the U ffc. There's no tuneup fights at the UFC son. Nope. You come back, especially when you're that good. Yeah. You're fighting the cream of the crop. Yep. And also those guys, there's no picnics. You know. There's a lot of No, it's savage. Why did he get a, do you get a a re, why did he get to fight the champ? Because he lost the, the title in his last fight. He's one of the greatest of all time. Yeah. I get it. He takes time off and I. It's the most compelling fight other than Strickland. And there's a beef there. You know. But now Robert Whitaker looks pretty fucking good too. Robert Whitaker has to be at Hams out and then he'll get the shot again. Yeah. Whitaker looks the talk.


And then don't forget Bo nickel too. Bo Nick. Man Bow Niel is on the come up. He'll get that mean. He's got no doubt. Also. Joe Piper, how about them Apples? Yep. That guy's, that guy's fucking terrifying. Joe's terrifying for everybody. DDP Joe dp. Oh my God. First team all violence bro. Somebody gonna see Joe Piper hit so goddamn hard when he fought fucking Power Barn. He might retire, dizzy, might retire. He just said if he decides to retire, I just saw him take his gloves off. Is he? Oh my God. I wouldn't be surprised what he 'cause with Dizzy. You gonna go back in the queue? No. Congratulations. Alright, let's see what's on. You going on? You wanna find Alex at, let's see what's on. Let's see what happens here.


He might just be just taking his gloves off 'cause the fight's over. Nah, man. He can't do that. Not nobody does that. If he's retiring, they'll give him time. Stick him with this hug. Is he there? Okay. He took his Okay. His gloves are off. No. Yeah, they're off. But they're not on the ground. Not yet. Was there anything surprising in this fight? Puy, to be honest, his toughness. I already knew it was, it was gonna be tough and hard to put away and I was cracking it. But yeah, I already knew We were gonna be tough. So it wasn't a surprise, but I was quite stronger there. I felt strong able to resistance downs. I just made a stupid dumb mistake on the ground and he adjusted well to the Gable grip and then got me.


But I stand by what I said to my family. I will fight for you forever. I swear to God, no matter what. Well, that's the opposite of a retirement right there That tonight. And yeah, I'm disappointed in myself, but at the same time I'm proud because this is the best I've ever felt. This is the best I've ever Looked. That's kudos to DDP and I. Give him respect for that All class. Yeah. Yeah. All class. I didn't think this far. I didn't manifest this, but look, I know everyone You know you guys love me. This where I started my career in the UFC Dream.


Oh shit. But look, I'm 35. I'm doing the right things and I know all you motherfuckers wanna see me. Do you wanna see me down? But watch this. I'm fucking leaving. I Ain't never gonna, I can't believe he Say it. Oh. yeah. Oh, and bro, and let's not Forget, that was such a golden opportunity. Is he possibly the greatest post-fight speech of all time Oh? yeah. When he beat Alex Oh. yeah. Yeah. It was good. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. Oh boy. That shit make me, give me chill. Oh, totally. It was incredible. That was incredible. I, oh, look at this. Connor's was better, but yeah, they worked it out. This is cool too. This D is cool too. DP beat a very good Izzy. Very good Izzy man. Tuned up. Izzy, who's Ready to go in shape.


He's a fucking animal man. Yeah, he's an animal. He's an animal. And he's so durable. He's so, he's a fucking berserker Berserker. And he's so big for the weight class. When you're standing next to that dude, you can't imagine that he weighs 180 5. He's so big. I wonder what he weighs now. Yeah. I don't know what deep in the tubes. Dunno where Izzy goes deep in the tubes. Like two 10. Yeah. Deep, deep, deep in the tubes. Man. This thick as fuck. Big. This is cool. I'll tell you what this is cool. I'm glad they burned bullshit. I'll tell you what, wouldn't it be good if Izzy went to 2 0 5 and fought Alex at 2 0 5? No, I don't like that. I don't wanna say that. Oh God. No I don't. Please don't do that. Alex at 2 0 5 is what he's supposed to weigh. Yeah. And at 180 5 he was starved.


Starved and dehydrated and still fucking people up. Alex is, he's a different thing. Yeah. He's a problem. Alex is a different thing. If Ditz goes up to 2 0 5 and fights Alex, oh my goodness. And beat. Oh my goodness. I'll fly to the moon to commentate that fight. Yeah Man, I wanna see that fight. That's crazy. There's so many good fights coming up. But for me, the big one that I can't wait for is O'Malley and Yeah, that's an interesting one. Yep. Yep. Oh bro. How do you keep that Animal off that, I mean, if O'Malley keeps up what he did in his last fight, if he can look that magical again and again, then all of a sudden, in my opinion, he's jumping in the goat conversation real quick.


Hundred Percent. This movie looks good. He Does it like it Was the last S where he made that guy look in slow motion. Yeah. Because think about it, he beat Jan. Alistair Overman Beats Rab. Yep. Like what are we talking about here? Yep. You just said Alistair Overman. You met man. I met Alger Sterling Doug. He might be able to be's like, what did he do? Wait, what? What did he Do? Bro? This movie looks good. I heard this movie's really good Too. You so funny. Weird tasting movies. Alien. You don't like alien movies? You like everything. 'cause you eat 250 milligrams of edibles right before you watch this shit. Every time you recommend a movie. Those movies are good. That's A good movie.


You never saw Prometheus. Great movie. Great movie. Son of a Bitch. But Maybe it's good. Yeah. Great fucking movie. But that's What's the Last one? What was the last one? Last Was last one Last. Yeah. And that's good too. Better. It's better even than Prometheus. No, I was called the last one. Shit. What is it, Jamie? The last Alien movie. I forget Prometheus is fucking, but they all good fucking all the alien Movies. But the last one was the best one. Covenant. Covenant. Yes. Covenant's Fire. That's good. Yeah. Yeah. I love those movies. I watch any alien movie, any Predator movie. Well, You know what was good, surprisingly it was Prey. Where the, the Predator that was pre on versus The Comanches was on the Hulu. Yeah. Oh, was that good? Surprisingly You like A. little bit of suspension of disbelief.


A little bit. A little bit. Yeah. This chick's kicking ass on these aliens. Oh no. A. little bit. It's good. That's great. It's good, dude. It's It's wild. It's a wild movie. Oh, You know they're making Apocalypto too. Ooh. Is Mel Gibson involved? Because if not, I'm out. I think so. You gotta to let that crazy motherfucker, fuck I Jamie, give him whiskey too. Yeah. Don't let it be sober. No, let get wild. Mel Gibson could make a fucking movie son. Passion The Cries Apocalypto. Well, a sequel to Passion of the Christ would be sweet. The fucking The Comeback. Yeah. The story about fucking like what would that be like in the modern day world? The Comeback Walking. That's a crazy fucking movie. Well, you Just tell you tell those. You tell the story of one of the other motherfuckers that was being crucified.


That is that story is the test of how much you believe. Talking about Faith Oh. yeah. Yeah. How much do you believe? Do you believe you came back from the Dead? I don't see anything About Aleta too. Really? You don't see Anything have fake fake trailers. God dammit. These A GI, motherfucker a CI. Whatever I overheard. C, GI. I overheard someone saying A one. Athletic Greens Athletic these, fuck these motherfuckers. There is a new predator movie in the Works. Oh, there is? What is it? Kevin Spacey film. Not a Bitch. Look At he Look at K's Watch. What is that? It's called Badlands. That's not what set in 1719. He's not talking to you. Oh no. That's a predator in 1719.


That was pre. That was pre, that was, oh, But it's similar to that. Just not a sequel. It's called Badlands. Is it in the same time period? I Don't know. It says same director. It was good, man. Prey was good. I'll watch that. I'll have to check it out then. Doesn't Tony? Which, what kind of movies? You. like you don't like Predator movies and Alien movies? No. I like crazy shit. Good. I watched Hereditary. Oh, I like all the classics. Have you seen Hereditary before? What's that? Oh, It's like one of these freak fucking creepy shit. Fucking creepy, scary movies. It's like really creepy and I like that. What is it? Have you seen Midsummer? It's from the same guy that made Mid Sommers. It's from the 8 24 people. Oh, what's Hereditary? Oh, it's what's About crazy dude.


Well, it's hard to Describe. See that creepy ass little girl? Yeah. Yeah. It's really, it's pretty much about her Kind of. Why Is it always little girls scare the shit outta you when they're evil? Well, look at The face on this one. I mean, Jesus, It's Oh. yeah. Yeah. Every single person. And she's a good actress too. Every single person after this movie, like Googled, like, is this girl really? Evil? Evil. Regarded. Regarded? What do you mean? Is, is she like possessed or special? Oh, regarded. Her face is damn dog. Her face is weird. Guarded. I don't wanna get you in trouble. But Regarded We were like, what does he say? We, were listening to the code that you didn't give us the, you didn't give us the fucking password for.


What's the code regarded People think she's regarded. Does she really have the weird face or is it, you know, was a Fun movie. She's what we'd say a regard She grew up though. What was the, was that movie that came out recently about That little girl was a vampire and the people were they, they kidnapped this little girl and they thought that they were gonna get paid to like Oh Little girl. Oh, she fucked them all up. Kills everybody. Yeah. Yeah. It's like a game that they play. They, they bring people in to Kidnap. That's the girl. So that she could fuck them up later. That's Right. I'll tell you what, I'm excited about that Fucking Abigail. That's a fun movie. That's a fun movie. Seen Man seen. You seen the whole thing Abigail. Yeah. I love these movies. Abigail's fun. Have you seen the The Trailer for the New Beetlejuice yet? No. Beetlejuice. Beetlejuice. Oh my God.


Yeah. It's actually, this is like the first time I've been excited for a movie since the last Tarantino movie. Really? Yeah. I'm with him on this. I love Beetlejuice. You haven't seen it? Michael Keaton's back. You Can't watch it Can. Isn't that Jenny You? know what Jenny Ortega from? She did. She's played Wednesday. Oh. yeah, yeah, yeah. She's in it too. Oh, okay. You know the rider's in it. We can see the trailer as long as we don't see it on camera. As long as we don't hear it out loud. Mm. Well the Music, music kind, you have to picture Tim Burton music throughout all this like creepy, powerful of Well he's, he is the master at creating a very specific aesthetic. The best. Yeah. Is that what On Rider? Watch This. Look at that motherfucker. You're damn right. Beatles just feeling older, eh?


CGI. They can do a lot of shit to you. Make you look exactly like he used to look like he was out in a month. Dude. I felt so, I felt so bad for that guy when I saw the movie as a kid. When the lady shrunk his head again. Yeah. Did you feel bad? I felt real bad for him. I was like, why you ain't just be quiet. Yep. Yeah. I felt like you deserved it, Dude. The original Beetlejuice is fucking amazing. Great movie if you rewatch it. Top 10, bro. There's so many cool fucking things hidden in good in the beginning and stuff. They come back later. Imagine Tim Burton pitching Edward Scissor Hands Wild. Okay, so it's Johnny Depp Handsome Sky around. We're gonna make him look goofy and we're gonna give him scissors for fingers. Wow. It's really frustrating. 'cause he cuts everybody. Yeah. What the movie's so good.


What the fuck are you talking about? It's a metaphor on how we hurt the people we love the most. Oh, is that what's about? I don't know. I think it's a burden. You know wants to hug you, but he can't 'cause it'll Hurt you. I don't even remember the movie. It's been so long since I seen it. He's dressed all weird and he starts cutting all the girls' hair. I mean, was it good? Fuck yeah. Unbelievably good. Yeah. Classic. Crazy good. Yeah, like the whole fucking way through. Tim Burton was on a I know, but imagine like pitching that. Imagine if you were like an investor and you're like, what the fuck are you talking about? Oh, Well that's the thing is like, get me A superhero movie. God damn. and I want the Avengers. Beetlejuice is the real OG version of that. 'cause it's like this. You could never pitch anybody Beetlejuice today. That's One of these things that happens online. It's a fake one.


Oh, Timothy Shale. Unless That's real. 'cause there's multiple photos Of it. But I get that shit. Probably some AI photos and someone is trying to click Bait. That's probably my guess. Yeah. It's not real Razors on his thing. I haven't heard of it. Is it a real thing? That's why it doesn't sound, I think Tim Burton did Beetlejuice and then Nightmare before Christmas is fucking Yeah. But that's how creative people can get. They can find enough stuff out There. He was on a hot streak To create a fake trailer that makes it look like it's a real movie. Hey Jimmy. What was the deal with that ref? Did you ever find out The judge? Yeah. Well that was a terrible card. Yeah, it was a terrible card. He gave all three rounds to tie and Rosen Strike was teeing off on him. That's crazy. Speaking of those fake trailers, they got Callen's old ass. He was, he came up to me, he's like, dude, do you see Conor McGregor dude?


I'm like, what? He's like, he's the new Popeye. And I'm like, they're making a Popeye movie. He's like, you haven't seen the trailer? I'm like, no. He showed to me. I'm like, you're a fucking moron. He's a terrible actor dude. Conor McGregor. What was that movie road show? Look at this Roadhouse. Roadhouse. Look at this. It's terrible. Conor McGregor is Popeye. Oh my God. Count that this I'm actually, it's actually, yeah. I'm Feeling it. I'm in. Why don't they make this Connor? They should make this Connor. If I was your manager, I'd say, fuck the Chandler fight. No, I Am into this. I'm, Let's go Popeye. But these, these scenes are from Roadhouse. Yeah. No. That's like, so what? Shut the fuck up. Stop rooting for me. I didn't watch Roadhouse. No one saw Roadhouse. we don know that. Shane has a great joke.


Ah, listen, that's ai. That's like, Oh, that's super ai. Shane's joke about Connor. Amazing. Oh, So fucking funny. But you can do a lot of cgi I stuff and make me believe it got, I mean, count was, yeah. All It. Well, I mean, pretty soon we, we gonna get to the point where you can just make the mo You can just make the movie. Well, You know. That's why Tyler Perry shut down a studio. Tyler Perry was in the middle of making an $800 million production studio. And he saw Sora saw a demonstration of the new ai, the ability to, like you just put in a prompt and they show. You've seen the videos of Sora. Yeah. You seen the, like Jack, we played it in the, the green room the other day. Yeah. Like Duncan wouldn't stop talking About it. Incredible. The the the Tokyo in the snow was insane.


Oh. yeah. He showed me. It's insane. Yeah. Yeah. It's wild. But so he shut down his studio. He is like, hold up, I'm gonna pause 'cause I'm not gonna need that. I'm not gonna need all this crazy shit. Everything's gonna be done inside of a computer. Maybe. Or he shut down his studios. 'cause people weren't watching him dress up as a lady anymore. But they are. Yeah. He's not bone broke anytime soon. They Are. Those things sell those things still. Slap Oh. yeah. Oh, There's a market for that. Is there? Yeah. Really? Listen, very Popular movie on Amazon, I think. There you go. There's a market for everything. Him dressed up as one. He also has shows. He has a bunch of shows. Crush. He's got a bunch of shit. Yeah. He's crushing it. Yeah. Yeah. So he saw that and he was like, that's a wrap. I mean, why would you spend $800 million in some antiquated shit if a computer program comes along next year and then you could do it on your laptop.


Yeah. You have the expensive studio. I Mean, all this new shit. I'll tell you what I did the other day. Something I like to do once every five years, at least I fucking did Dark Side of the Moon with Wizard of Oz. Incredible. Have you seen this? What the Fuck are You talking about? It's one of the greatest anomalies and coincidences in the history of art. Whatcha talking about? You don't know about this. No. If you hit start on Dark Side of the Moon on the second roar of the MGM Lion of Wizard of Oz, and you turn the audio of Wizard of Oz all the way down and dark side of the moon all the way up. It matches. It's a crazy fucking visual thing to this. What It matches. Exactly. Yeah. It matches in this weird way. Lyrics beat Where it sinks up.


Dark side of the Rainbow also knows Dark Side of Oz or The Wizard of Floyd is a pairing of the 1973 Pink Floyd album, dark Side of the Moon with the 1939 film with a Wizard of Oz. This produces numerous moments of apparent synchronicity where the film and the album appeared to correspond members of Pink Floyd and Dark Side of the Moon engineer. Alan Parsons denied any intent to connect the album to the film. I asked Roger Waters About it and they get asked all the time about this, But it seems like they made it to, to sync up. They have to. They didn't. The court incidences are insane. It's nuts. It's, I think it's proof of the simulation. Yep. I think so too. I, when I was rewatching it the other day, I was positive of it. Positive of it.


There's a lot of stuff that makes me think like this isn't real. Yeah. You know, like these really smart people that understand this on a level that I'm not really capable of. Like Elon says, the chances that this not be in a simulation are one in billions. Billions. Yeah. And he's a smart guy. But I only hear rich people saying we're in a simulation. Right. Like the lady working at McDonald's with four kids ain't be like this. So simulation, listen, the kid working in the Cobalt mine, the Congo wishes he worked at McDonald's. Yeah, right. That would be the simulation. Oh my God. Free fish and chips. Yeah. You know Fish and chips. Whatever. Whatever you get. Filet fish. Filet fish. Man, I told you I to cheat did today I ate two filet of fish and a spicy chicken sandwich at McDonald's.


That's a good run. Solid cheat day. How'd you feel? I felt terrible. 30 minutes. Felt terrible. Terrible. I worked out like a werewolf after that, trying to burn that shit off. Like did I do, I haven't seen you eat bread in like a year. Yeah. Barely do. But today I did. Today I went off, I had a piece of bread and I went to eat too. I didn't give a fuck. You butted that bitch up too onion rings too. I ate three onion rings. Fuck man. That steak was fucking awesome. Yeah. Steak Fork. Shout out to three Forks. You can't have a bad restaurant in Austin. I I It is very rare, man. You Can't, you won't survive. Good Ones. Don't. It's too many good ones. Even there's a fucking taco caught across from the mothership to shit. Oh, it's bomb. Unbelievable bomb diggity.


Yeah. You get pizza out here though. There are places out here. That's what I thought. There are places I hear. I have not been. Yeah, but there's, there's a bunch of places. if you Google it, there's like some high end places that make some badass pizza. I'm Almost yet to find like an A one top tier sandwich shop. Oh. Oh, we got those Oh. yeah, We do Oh. yeah, you gotta find them. Oh, you have a don't you have a gie out here or like that? What's that one that Callan kept telling me? Yeah. No, no, no, no, no. It's something like that, right? No, no scarfs. S scarfs Sfs. No, no. snf srf sfs SFS is good. That's my go-to SFS right now. That's a great sandwich. But I'm talking about something on the level of like, Like Italian delis. Like you have eat it like ghost sand in, in la No, that Like that level.


Where's that at? How about my man Giovanni that we had cater Kill Tony. Oh that was Unbelievable. Oh, that dude from G R's Deli in Bronx. Oh, I saw a post about it. He's got his own place now in White Plains. That's good. Insane. I didn't eat all day just so I could eat his sandwiches on Saturday night. I just decided not to eat. SNS is the best sandwich I've had in a hot second though. They're very good. I'd eat That shit right now. No, no. It's not bad at all. No. You know. He's got great sandwiches. Joe DeRosa. Oh. yeah. His spot's out here too. He's making a spot out here. Didn. He, he had a popup when Wound Tower was going on. He did a popup. The comic? Yeah. He brought us some Sandwiches when he's got a great sandwich shop in New York City. Joey Rose's. Damn. Really good.


Good for really good big ass fucking sandwiches too. Have you found good chicken wings out here? Oh? yeah. What's that place you you get delivered? It's called the BBQ Chicken. They have one in LA too. You Told me about that Bombass Korean place. That's, that's what I'm talking about. No, the late night place. What is it called? Soha. Oh, Soha. No, you told me about that. I told you about that. About Soha. Yeah. Oh, there you go. Yeah, yeah. Soha. Oh that's right. But that's not chicken wings. No, no, no. But it's Korean food. It's awesome Chicken wings. Amazing. David Lucas knows the best chicken wing spots. Nah, It's BQ chicken's the best chicken wings period. You Know it's a chain. I can those one get all the time. Yeah, no that those Aren. No, Those crusty overbred ones.


Get the fuck outta here. I say Joe Gus's. I didn't know Gus's was a chain. Gus's is incredible. That's Fun. No, Gus's was great. Fried chicken in the last time I got Guss wasn't as good but, but I think By the time it got you was cooled off. That's why They be be, but they bet about 90%. But Gus's Gu. But When you get it in Gus's it's Hot. But they don't have, that's what you want. They don't have wings though. They just have like fried chicken. Yeah, But they have fried Pickles. But It's great. Yeah. ies I think it is Lucy's Fried Chicken here. Have you tried that? Yeah, Lucy Is good. Yeah. Yeah. Lucy's good. I mean, I haven't tried all the fried chicken. Have you tried that Egyptian barbecue place? KG barbecue. Egyptian barbecue Oh? yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's a food Truck. Yeah. But okay. Yeah. It's attached to the little brewery. Yeah. Yeah. That's awesome too.


I went there with action Bronson. Yeah. Oh. And Golden chicken makes decent wings. They got this, I don't know what they call it. Crack. Crack crack. Sprinkle crack. Some kind of seasoning that they it. It is awesome. There's so many good restaurants. There's no bad food bro. There's a seafood spot out here called Mongers. Oh. That place. That place is great. Mongers is good. Mongers is great. Best crab cakes I had outside of Maryland. Oh, you gotta go to J Carvers and get the crab cakes. Word. J carvers has the best crab kicks. Mm. Jake Carver. Not that mongers aren't great, but Jake carvers are off the charts. Okay. Best crab kicks I've ever had. Damn. I Hungry. I've been to Jake. I've only been to Jake Carver's once. Without you. It's great. Alright. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. That's ridiculous.


You can't get bad food out here. It's, it's if you're in a town that has bad restaurants, like that sucks. Like if you wanna go on a hot dinner date, you gotta go two hours. But where But where has like bad, I guess Middle America maybe like Iowa. No bro. No, bro. Like go to go to like Indiana, go to Vermont. You'll starve to death. Yeah. No, It just like it is. No, it is like white people food. I asked the dude, I was like, yo, what's good out here? He was like Pot pies. No, it was like some kind of steamed san steam Clams or something. No, it was like steam sandwich. Yeah, A steam sandwich. They like steam. They like put cheese on something and steam it. Oh. Out bro. It's only warm there for a day. Yeah. You can't stay in a place that's that cold. The best steakhouse I've ever been to is in Oklahoma. Oklahoma City.


Really? Yep. Best steakhouse ever. Hands down. I'm close. Really? What's it called? I'm close something rep. Have you been to that place in Vegas? Bizarre Meats With Bizarre Meat. Yeah. That's, Oh, you might change your fuck mind. That's the top of the pile for me. I like The name. Oh, the name. Good call. You're real smart. How was that place? Squeezing Za is the top of the pile. That Omaha, that one place we went to a crazy no bizarre. Like A-B-A-Z-Z-A-R. Not, not Baz. Z Mo Word. Not bizarre. Like how bizarre. Yeah, no, like a bizarre like a like a A shop Oh. yeah. I thought it was like bizarre meat. No, no, no, no. We're getting wacky. No, no, no. We have zebra. No, it's that guy. Jose Andres, that famous chef.


Oh, word. It's incredible. It's all Argentine style. So they have like hardwoods burning and the steaks are like on these grilly array. Lower. No. Okay. That's a Cchu Huria. That's Brazilian. That's like fog to show. Yeah. And they have that like they have the old, the old cow. They have that like You, like the old, an older cow. A mature cow. Yeah. They like the milk cows. Like by the way, who dresses better than Dean Thomas. Yep. Dean is the best dresser in all of MMA. Yep. He's always gets some stylish shit on. Yeah. That's pretty good. Like, look at him. My man rocking the Ascot Dean Dmo rock. A turtleneck. Oh. yeah. Like what are he wearing? Like always. He's always got some slick shit on. He's great because you can Only ask, what do you think about Khalil Roundtree Great fight.


Fighting Alex. That's crazy, right? Entertainment wise. It's great. And he is won five in a row. It's a funner fight for Alex. Just built, keeps building him. And after that, the, his last fight. You know like when, when you see Khalil, it just keeps getting better. Just keeps getting better. Love Khalil. Such a good person. He's, I, he's a great guy. I just had him on recently. Yeah. That fight is a, that's a big ass fight, man. Huge fight for him. Because remember he's gonna be the co-main event on a con card. He gets busted con Connor falls out. Yep. And now all of a sudden he's fighting reward fighting for the title in Salt Lake City. By the way, who saved more cards than Alex Legend? That's why he's my pound for pound number one. He just keeps send You. like, they just keep having him save these cards. Card goes south.


Who wants to defend the, the title? Alex is like, CHAA doesn't speak English. Whatever. Let's ride. And he is one of the biggest stars in the sport. Yeah. Doesn't speak like, you don't have to speak English in the sport. Like all that shit talking's great. But if you can just flat line every motherfucker that's in front of You, like he does, you have to be a knockout artist though. Right. You have to be flatlining dudes. Right. You can't be a grappler. Right. Right, right. Like when Floyd Mayweather was making all those pay-per-view dollars, even though he is winning by decision. Just everybody wanted to see him lose. Yes. He had talked so much shit. Got people so riled up that everybody bought it and they would just smartly box his way to a victory. He didn't care and but it kept working. Yeah. Kept working. He'd get people so riled up. Yeah. Does he realize like people wanting to see you lose, it's just as powerful of marketing as anything.


Maybe more powerful. Yeah. I mean that's why he is always showing his cars and showing his jewels and his Watches. Like duplexes. I want him to lose so bad. I'm gonna watch every fight. He, he's in You know. So him and Sean Strickland, the rematch is gonna be very interesting. 'cause I thought Shawn won the first fight. I thought it was real close, but I thought Sean won. I think Sean beat him in the rematch. Really? Yeah. What makes you think that? I thought Sean beat him the first time. I think not only does he beat him, I think he's gonna beat him bad. Really? I don't know if there's beating DDP bad. Imagine if Sean beats DDP bad. Then you go Shawn Izzy toot. I I'm, I'm happy with that. You can't, why not? Let's go. Yeah. Why Can't you? Why not? You can't.


What are we in Russia? Yeah, let's go. You can't. 'cause he doesn't have a fucking wind. Shut your in a second dirty mouth and let's fucking party. No, I think, is he, but is he he's own Two. Is he not moved into that? Almost into that, that con status where he can pick his shots? Yeah. No. No. He's, he did almost, almost. He don't, you don't have that Almost if you won tonight, for sure. But here, here's the other problem. He's going up against. You have Hamza, you have all these other killers coming up the rankings. Yep. And they're, they need their shot. Yep. And it, and it was a definitive fight. What does it say here? What's he saying? Coming down 25. One more time. My God.


But wait, what's the rest of that shit? Oh, okay. It's, Oh my God. He is gonna come down to 180 5 1 more time. Oh, someone said bro's a menace. Look at that face. Oh my God. That's That's not real. That's fake. Whatcha Talking about? That's real. That's how he talks. That's real. Went to his page. That's his Instagram. He, Brian probably knows he is been on Instagram all night. He's Been checking Twitter. It's fake. Let me ask everybody on my Twitter page. Brian's like, that French guy's tough man. Because Paul talk You know. Does he, do he talk shit like that? Yes. Oh. yeah. All the time. Sure. He wants a fight. Yeah. And he, he know what he's doing. and I guess he can make 85 still, which is just nuts, bro. But he was making 85 and going up to two 20 the night of the fight. Oh man, that's so crazy.


I would love for him. Now does he get a shot if he go, if he wants it? Absolutely. Yeah. Oh. yeah. He's the champ at 2 0 5. Oh. yeah. He's the champ at 2 0 5. You can only go down if they decide to have, if he decides to make 85 again and they decide to do it for December, because like look, in a perfect world, Connor fights Chandler in December in Vegas. In a perfect world, that's what Connor wants in a perfect world. But he hasn't fought in a couple of years. Like, is that gonna happen? You know, and I'm gonna be honest, I'm not as excited to see Connor fighting. How dare You? Well, with more, that's the problem. As time goes on, like if he doesn't fight for a year from now, it's a tough sell. Can He ha can he still headline? Yes. Yes, Of course. And still, and Still the biggest, but I'm not as excited for that card as You know.


You wouldn't be as excited as he were if, if Chandler and him fought in July. Right. If Chandler and him fought when they were supposed to fight, but the week of the fight, yeah. You're gonna be excited. You're gonna be ramped up. And then when he walks out, gonna be doing his pro, you're gonna be ramped up and the whole place goes green. I'm gonna, yeah, I'm gonna watch it, but I'm not gonna be like, oh shit, I can't wait. Like I was, I was, I couldn't wait for this. Right. You know More excited than when you were for the French guy. Yeah. Fuck that guy. We, we, we, we, we South Africa, We, we, we, he same shit. Trevor Noah jokes. Imagine Brian Simpsons with a map. Where's he from? What, what's his name?


Guy? Kara, France. Dude, you would be, you would be so ashamed at how baked I was on flagrant. Why? I'm ashamed. Because I didn't, Oh, no. I listened to it. Did you not know what you're talking about? You Could No, I, I didn't remember it till it came out. I was in, I was in Detroit the weekend before and I and they kept dropping off edibles in the green room. Oh, no. Boxes of stuff. Oh no. And There was this one shit called band. and I had a bag of them and it was, the bag was 200 milligrams. Right. And, but the night before, flick and I couldn't sleep. So I reached in, in this fucking box and grabbed one and I ate it. and I didn't realize like it, the one I ate was just one like, like You know, like the chip challenge. Like if you, if there's just one chip in the foil, you ain't supposed to fucking eat that.


Right. It was one of them. And the whole thing was 200 milligrams. Oh. And, and I didn't realize it. And an hour later I wake up and not only am I not asleep, but I'm energized and I'm higher than I've ever been in my whole life. And the podcast is in like three hours, four hours. Oh. Yeah. That's a Nightmare. and I get there. That should be enough time. No, no, Joe, I was hot all day. I was high through that whole day. And then A little bit when I woke up the next day. Wow. That's not good. I mean, you're cool. I can live in that world, but it was just like, I just be like, this is the day we having, this is just gonna be, just gonna have this kind of day. Right. Yeah. You gonna wake up, you gonna end up You know you going to eat some food. You might end up at a drum circle.


Who knows? Thinking guys from Africa or French. Right. I'm not, I I'm not that high today. I'm a little high, but Not unless you're on playground. Thought I was A good, I was just, but I was struggling man. I was not clear-minded at all. Andrew's A professional though. He's, he, he'll carry it. He's good. Well, that, that show's great to be too high because there's so many people on the show. There's a lot of people that can carry things. Yeah. You know. There's always someone chiming in. That's the benefit of having a lot of people on the show. Yeah. Yeah. Like if you're too high and it's just you and the person You like, yikes. Well see the problem. It's one on one. The problem is not that I'm terrible when I'm high, it's just that I, it's just stream of consciousness. Right. And you've heard me just, you've heard ramble the stuff that spills outta my brain when I'm just not, when I'm just regular. Right, right, right.


So it was like, all right, I'm just saying whatever. Right. It was fun though. It was a great time. Yeah. It's, it's a, well, it's also you're protected. You're amongst friends. Yeah. and I and I got, I, I love that I got to go to New York City without having anything else to do. So I got to like experience the city. Right. and I was like, I still don't wanna live here, but I I get it. But let's say I get it for a visit. Yes. I love it for a visit. Vegas. I can't imagine Vegas. Vegas. Yeah. Yeah. We. were just there for kill Tony. It was amazing. I mean it was cool for me to fly in with like very minimal obligations. Just had to be a guest and have a good time and soak it all in different, It was crazy. Dude. I said to me, it feels like living in an obstacle course where it's like I gotta get through shit just to get to the shit.


Right. But people like that 'cause it's, it's like it's a wrap. It's a hustle. Excitement. Yeah. Energy. It's an activity. Yeah. Dude, I'm telling you, watching Kill Tony. Go down in Madison Square Garden. That's another thing to me that I go, this might not be real. This might be a simulation. This seems too cra to, to have seen it from the beginning. To see it at Madison Square Garden like this doesn't seem real. And not only see it at Madison Square Garden, but there's probably like 70 standing ovations over two nights. Oh, It was nuts. Yeah. There's so many moments that were so nuts. There was so fun. Yeah. It was so ridiculous. But it was also, it's just so bizarre to see it in such an enormous arena filled with people that love the show. you shouldn Have fucking been There. Oh, you should have went. Yeah. You should have went. Why didn't go? What were you Doing? Nothing.


I just, but I just got back from New York. I was just exhausted. Jelly Roll sang New York. New York. Yeah. and I got the first time ever in a three piece suit and a fucking Top Hat. Black Keys opened up on Saturday. Oh. yeah. It was insane. Dice went up first. It Was insane. By night two, he was pretending he was my assistant because he did such a good job. The night before that I hired him as an assistant. So funny. It was like a combination of like a comedy show, pro wrestling, chaos and like a celebration of comedy. That's Really what it is. You're Vince McMahon. It was in the Kill Tony organization. It was crazy that I didn't You know. I I, I've only seen clips still. I haven't like watched it back. But when I do it's so fucking surreal.


'cause I'm like watching it almost You know. Definitely like a fan. 'cause I'm, you know, like Yeah. Just the Shane as Trump talking shit about Joe and Joe Joe popping up. Good. Like from my perspective it was fucking awesome. But when I seen the clip and sound, You just cooked that up right before the show too Oh. yeah. That was not something that was planned. So good. Yeah. I was trying right before the show, I showed up and I wasn't even gonna go on that day. I was just hanging out. I was on the panel the day before and Tony's like, I got an idea. He's like, look, rub his fingers together. Oh. yeah. It was great. Hell yeah because Sha because the whole silly Trump, it was perfect time being mad that Rogan endorsed, even though he did an RFK junior And then having Joey Diaz go on after that was insane.


The whole, it was just magic man. It was like, like I said, it was like a celebration of comedy. That's what it felt like. It's like comedy's back. It felt like a Celebration. But what's so cool, what I was saying about the pro wrestling thing was, is when I was watching that clip, that was the first time I've seen what the people see. So when Trump's doing that and all of a sudden the director Anthony Giordano, who actually directs the UFCs goes all the way to the back of the arena. So you see the entire stage. You you walking out. Yeah. And there's just this tiny stairway in the middle and you see something and the crowd at that moment smoke from all 4, 5, 6 banisters or whatever it was. And the name on this crazy huge LED. Just Rogan. Rogan Rogan.


You wearing out Pro? Were you wearing that white shirt? You looked? I think so. I was wearing this, Which was actually perfect for the fucking Jesus Christ. Which was perfect for the bit that I came up with. Good 20 minutes before the show. 'cause I wanted him to intimidate Trump. Trump could do that silly thing where he reverses His course the best. He's the best Great guy. He's a great guy. Would never say a bad thing. He's the Best watching him try to not laugh while he's saying that. While simultaneously seeing Adam Ray, who's a professional fucking character. Yeah. And actor and comedian Totally break his Biden, which he never does. And he is cracking up throughout that. And Harland just so happens to be behind him who's a notoriously silly guy who's just cracking up and a fan.


We all Marlon's The best to be able to have moments like that there Just, but again, it was like, it was a celebration of comedy. Yeah. Like the legends bucket when you kept pulling people out of the bucket. So cool. It's all celebr. It's also a celebration of, of your creation. Tony. Like I see it. I'm like, God, they deserve it man. Yeah. You know. It's like Oh. yeah. I look at it, I'm like, yeah, go man. Fucking go dude. Well it's, it's persistence and you know, if you keep getting better at things and you keep pursuing and it just grows and that show grew organically. Yeah. There was no help. Well the whole thing's about growth, like that's really the coolest thing. Like if you notice the Pops of the Legends, which is maximum pop, a lot of the regulars and the golden ticket winners were almost if not getting that exact same pop.


Sure. Because these people, everybody know started, if they're watching this guy have the biggest moment of his career and they remember when he was living in a van. Yeah. Or trying to get to America. Yep. Or fucking you name it, had a drug addiction, alcohol addiction, disabled You know. Bullied their whole lives. The inability to speak Aren Beil through a fucking Bluetooth killing in Madison Square Garden. Yeah. It was amazing. And random bucket pools. These people who 10 minutes, five minutes earlier had no idea they were gonna be on the biggest stage in the world. They've been waiting for hours. They signed up, they waited outside, sitting there. A Couple of There was the first time they ever went on stage.


Yeah. Wild. Yeah. That square garden. The wildest. That's, that's gotta be unbelievable. Wild. That's nuts bro. You probably, that's all you tell me are in an alternative dimension. When you even hear your voice on that microphone, your first time ever on stage, that's time Oh. yeah. Yeah. And that's why it gets tough. And You know the adjustment that I made for MSG specifically learning from the other arenas that we've done was these people when they get, when it is your first time or you're brand new a few months in and you're in an arena, they can help but think that tens of thousands of people are right there watching them. So it's very hard to get real answers out of them at all different animals.


So I realized that I have to blend in fucking thunder and lightning kind of throughout it You know to be able to keep the momentum up because the interviews are going to be tough. It's gonna be tough. Yeah. Even if the comedian kills with the minute me going, tell me something weird about you. Right. You wouldn't want us to know. Right. It's so much harder in front of 15,000 people than you gotta keep the energy You know 400 At the mothership on a Monday where it's kind of cozy and well it's two 50 At the mothership. So it's, you know, that's such a fraction. The roars like that. Ari Madie got that, cam got that all these got William Montgomery got. It's crazy dude. I like that Ari guy Oh. yeah, he's great.


I like him. Yeah. He's impossible. I've never met him, but I like him. Yeah. He's a great guy. There's so many freaks At the mothership right now that are fucking like I just, oof. They are crushing Tyler shit. You know what I mean? This Fisher. But there's, there's, there's too much space between the S and the T. Yeah. and I been, You're have to live with that. I just, I'm gonna keep it like that forever. You said that you want to bus, bus over. I'm gonna, you're gonna be a guest next week. I'm gonna pull you in next week. Texas A bus. T I'm gonna move it A little bit. I'm gonna move it A. little bit more to the right. What? Don't Fuck. He's freaking out. Fuck. I don't give a fuck. You know what we didn't do is smelling salts. Oh shit. No, it Was, yeah. There was no dance party this time.


Let's wrap this up. I know, Brian, you're sad. But you gotta you gotta give Duy respect. Have to thing Know. It's sad than me. But All due respect d plus you got a hateable face. But well fucking congrats champ. I just think He needs to do more interviews. Get out there more too. So because he, he's a good guy. Why are they showing Michael Chandler k Owen Hooker after he won that is maybe they're showing his comeback. Right? Are they trying to set up Chandler and Hooker? No. How do You know? Because they're, they're showing what Hooker's coming back from. They're an hour after the thing now they're on some other show. Right. These guys are going, this is, no, I'm saying this is the wrap up show. But these guys are showing Dan Hooker getting KD because he lost two in a row. Right. Right, right, right, right.


That's all they're doing. But I wonder if they're trying to set that up. 'cause that would be exciting. Chandler ain't taking that, but maybe he would take that if you can't get the Connor fight. Nah, he waiting for that con dog. You ain't waiting this long. I know he's waiting for that Connor fight. But there has to, it happens in December. There has to come a point in time. Yeah. Where you gotta, where he is got hasn't He's young for two years. I know. Waiting for Connor. Yeah. Red Pan. I hopefully, but Right. Yeah. Carl France was a, was an animal, But what a crazy thing to have to sit around and wait topic, sit around and wait. You can't do nothing about it. Can't do nothing. And you can't take a chance. Go in there and fight somebody and lose and then lose your spot. And then Connor's talking shit about you. Well Connor was because Yeah. Chandler's talking shit. 'cause Connor talks shit about Trump.


You know Chandler loves Trump. if you gotta a bet right now, they fight in December. Really? Yep. Really? Yeah. What do you think? I'm the same guy That guarantees win. The French guy wins win though. What's Connor, What do you think? You think they fight? I don't think they fight. No. Ever. You think Connor ever fights again? Oof. You know what? I don't think so. Wow. He's got like a half a billion dollars man. Yeah, the whiskey's doing too. Good. He sold that whiskey company made million. He he doesn't touch the whiskey's. Done millions. Oh really? Tos. What do you mean it's done? He he, he sold his portion, right? He sold it. Yeah. But I mean he made, he has, he has the money but he doesn't, He doesn't have any stock or anything.


I don't think so. He is done with it. He's always still promotion. He's putting the stout. Yeah. And he has to promote it. Dude, he made millions. Yeah. Stupid. Millions. Yeah, millions. I know. It's hard when they make that much money. We got that much money. You got yacht money. I think that whiskey will be, will taste good by the time Corona fights again. Oh. Oh, that's a burn. It's terrible. I do not like it. I have To agree with Well it's a $20 whiskey. I haven't had it. It's for, it's like a cheap whiskey for like You know. Well you know what, man? I tried some old scotch and it ruined me. I tried like La Frog some like 25-year-old Macallan, that kind of shit. I tried that old scotch. Yeah. Smooth. Once you drink that stuff, you can't go Back. God damn.


Or like Buffalo Trace You know that, that stuff that's eight years old man when You like, you can't get it. They won't make it any less than eight years old. It's great. And Then when and when you realize like that, like how long it takes for whiskey to get good. Yeah. And somebody, oh, this is a brand new whiskey. Well of course it's terrible. Well, Congress isn't supposed to be that though, right? You're supposed to have like mix it. You're not, it's not like a sipping whiskey. It's like a party thing. Right. It's college kids are putting fucking to in It's like some Peaky blinder shit. Yeah, bro. You getting fucked plays bets on a fixed horse race. Yeah. Yeah. Great show. I just started watching fucking Peaky Blinders is great. Dude. I'm on season four now. I'm on season two. So good. It's good, dude. It's fucking good. One last Little Swig. Hell yeah. For the friends Killian Murphy.


That guy's a beast Monster. They're doing a, a new 28 days later. They're doing 28 years later. Oh really? Yeah. Remember that zombie you ever see 28 days later? Yeah. The zombie movie. Yeah. Best zombie movie ever. It was women. There were two of 'em. It was 2028. No, it was 28 days and then 28 weeks, Something like That. And then they're doing 28 years. 28 years. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. That's a long time, bro. That first one is amazing. It was great. Yeah, Because like, eh, it's like real close to what Covid was. Fuck it around in a laboratory. Isn't he the Riggler too now? Yes. No killing Murphy's. No, no. No killing. No, it's Not Ian Murphy. No, it's the boy he's from, he's from that movie with Hugh Jackman.


Paul Danni. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. He's the Riddler now. He was, he was, what's his face? Oppenheimer. He's great in Oppenheimer. Killing. Yeah, he's great. He's great fucking actor guy guys. Range. He's got range. you know the guy who could play a gangster and a nuclear scientist. Yeah. That's, you know what bothers me about Peaky Blinders though? He's like, he's, he's like the smart guy of the family. And then this ridic like everyone in the Hey spoiler alerts dude's been out for fucking hot. Second. Spoiler alert. All I'm gonna say though is the, the undercover agent that goes to the bar to work for him. Yeah, yeah, yeah. She's just this smoke show in a land full of warlocks and he is like, no, this is normal. And starts telling all sorts of shit.


Yeah. And starts banging it. Oh. yeah. It's the best. Let's go, let's go. I called it you guys. You guys caught up on House of Dragons. House of Bour. No, don't say anything. I haven't watched it this season. I'm waiting until Peaky Blinders Tone done with that. Wait forever. I'm gonna wait for House of Dragon takes forever. Yes, exactly. Oh, I'm trying to get House of Dragons to get all their episodes in so I can binge. You can do that now though. It's just a trailer for season three. The entire season is just Entire House of Dragons is all out House of boring. Yeah, It's over. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. You didn't like it? Well the season was Long. La la, la, la la La la. Not it was, it was just foreplay. Yes, foreplay. But the, It's a trailer set up is Diabolical. Okay. Don't tell anything. Don't say it.


But don't up the two. If this doesn't start to go down in season three, I'm gonna fucking Fight. Someone doesn't die. I'm gonna freak the fuck out. Let's wrap this up. Alright boys. Love you. Fun times. You guys Fun times, guys Good times. I fast. All gas.com. Two weeks left. Buy a shirt. Win a truck. Oh. That's all you have to do. That's all you gotta do. Buy Com. Comedy com. Tony iff. The MSG Live Stream is still available right now@killtonylive.com. Kill tony live.com. Yep. And when are you gonna do another arena? New Year's Eve and the night before. New 1230. 1231 In town, baby JB Center here in Austin, Texas. Texas Oh. yeah, we're going Resorts World in Las Vegas. I think it's sold out, but there might be a couple tickets.


When's that? September 25th. Oh, It's a big one. That's a, that's a Big one. Oh. Don't get tickets to the what? What's the theater in Boston? Wilbur Wil. The Wil Wilbur Theater. October 11th. Get them tickets right now. Alright, Bye everybody. Yeah.