
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast. By night all day. Yes. Alright, we're live Gentlemen. Cheers. SLU fell. Oh shit. Click Oh shit. Each other's eyes. Look at each other's eyes. Oh, G Crew. Oh geez. I was actually thinking about going to Abu Dhabi for this one. Really? Yeah. I was thinking of going as a, on a vacation. Just for fuck. Just for funds. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But then I found out it was 19 hours on a plane. I was like, oh, hard. Yo, that's too much. I'll do 10. Even with a bed. It Doesn't matter much. Rather Do this. It don't matter, man. You lose days. Yes.


You don't lose a day. You lose days. 'cause you're days in a fog. After it's over, you're all confused. Your body feels weird. Your workouts suck. Ugh. You Just, that, that would be the card to do it though. A hundred. If there's one card that would gimme the fly, whatever it is, night Down. It's the main fight. It's the main and Co. Yeah. The CO's big. The CO's big Comes out. Many hots out Whitaker. There's so many questions in that fight, man. You know, can Whitaker, if Whitaker can stuff, you remember the third round Kamar Usman won the third round. It wasn Five Rounds. Yep. Yep. I, I would've my money on him. A hundred percent. The fucking, the thing is, he had 10 days notice, so he didn't have any trust in his gas tank, You know, and he talked about it, You know, they offered him five rounds.


He said no. And then when he was walking outta lockdown, he goes, I fucked up. Should've done five. Who said that Tomorrow? He Said, I fucked up. Should done five, You know, 10 maybe. That would've really psychologically fucked him if he realized he had to do fucking 25 minutes against Hamza, who's in top shape. But he was, he was getting tired in that third round. And that's Hamza's thing. He tries to get you out of there. Like that shit that he did to Kevin. Like, you can't, there's no way he could have continued that if he didn't submit him in the first round. When he just jumped on him. He went all in just foot on the gas. It's like an electric car. Yeah. It is. 260 miles of range. No, it doesn't. No it doesn't. No, it doesn't. Not real fast. At that pace is about a hundred, Bro.


You take a Tesla, run a racetrack, those bitches are burnt out after like two laps. You're really? Yeah. Oh really? After One pole. I didn't know that. Is that true? Yeah. I mean, I don't know how many laps you could do, but there's no fucking way you're gonna do 260 miles. Is there like an indie for Teslas? Like a indie like NASCAR thing? They're the, should there be? Shouldn't there be no Car you can buy? If you wanna buy a car from a lot, the fastest car you could buy is a four door, like luxury sedan plaid. Yeah. Fastest. Why don't they waste them? Well, they do things around tracks. They have track Records. Well, natural Cross has electric Take. They wouldn't do electric. They fly just silent in like Florida In the south. It would have to be like in Seattle, right?


Yeah. Tesla, NASCAR in San Francisco. The whole thing is so crazy because even though, yeah, it is the future. Yeah. It's a superior technology. The reality is they, they're getting their minerals from fucking China and they're, they're using cobalt mines in the Congo. Like the whole thing's crazy. But the whole thing, you can do both. Right? It doesn't have to be one Or the other. Right. But what I'm saying is like to connect that with like, this is the most ethical, this is the most environmentally friendly. It's not, they've Kinda stopped doing that Because it's just not, they Got educated. Yeah. Not Only that. Do You know that like the environmental pollution from an electric car is significantly more high than the, because of brake dust, right?


Like brake dust is a giant problem. Everybody wants to talk about exhaust fumes. If you live in New York City, you're breathing in brake dust, dust All day and they're so, so heavy. It burns. What's the difference between faster can't brake does from a Tesla and Like it, gas. A gas powered Car can't be, it's a heavier car. Way Heavier. Oh, So Tesla's better because Tesla has regenerative braking. So when I'm driving my Tesla, if I let off the gas, it slows down like considerably where I don't even have to use the brake. Sometimes if I'm driving around town, you could do one pedal driving. 'cause as soon as you let off the gas, it slows itself. 'cause it regenerates electricity during that process of slowing down. So it uses the momentum of the car to extend the battery life. So you don't get as much.


And it, but it's still so Heavy. Do you think like in 20 years, like Teslas are gonna be like $1,500 in the recycler or something? No, Because You know what they, they're already eating big. No, no, but the idea, They don't do good on resale at All. What they're saying is electric cars are the way cell phones. Remember you have to carry a big thing, like a big cell phone, Like It all. So the idea is yes, it is not environmentally very effective and all that, but it's in its infancy. And the idea is you want to keep doing it. So there's a breakthrough in material sciences with incentives you have, But you're still getting mining. I mean, cars are the, that's never gonna go away. But there, But the technology of electric cars is the future in terms of as they get better at It. Why is, why is the, this is all cut.


What's the future? This is all bitch. Well, this is the thing. There's no, he's he's totally right because there's a bunch of experimental battery technologies that they're currently working on that are gonna be so much better than these lithium ion they need. They're gonna need less, less slaves. Yeah. We're, we're in the, we're in the leather helmet. What if it like, robots like mining the cohort. It's fine. What if they turn on us, But then the slaves make the robots. Eddie, we're Gonna have that. No, we're gonna have that. So You need, you need oil to make the fucking robot. Hundred, A hundred percent. Every piece of plastic we use is made with oil and, And, and, and with ai, the idea is you're gonna have robots and those robots will be on a piece of land.


So you'll buy the plot of land and those robots will then mine the materials needed to build a house. So they'll use the actual land that they're on to mine all the materials to Make and build a house out. That sounds so far away, doc. But it's, It'll that far away. Robot that far away. The robots ain't the, the robots I got now. Come on. No, Eddie. It's all artificial intelligence. When artificial intelligence becomes sentient and they have quantum computers now, Brian Cox was here the other day and he tried to explain Quantum, The guy from cer. Yes. Okay. Trying to explain quantum computers for me, they're, they're so insanely powerful. John, the guy from from cer, they, yes. They're so insanely powerful that they, they don't even understand what they're doing.


They think exactly. They're pulling information from different universes simultaneously. That's what I'm talking about. It's the multi world theory. Quantum computing. That's not good. Right. They showed that they can create wormholes. There's, there's evidence quantum, you S you believe that from, yes. Wait, Wait, so, so wait. So they're quantum foolish shit. The quantum computer is picking up information. They're foolish shit. It's from like different dimensions. They don't even understand exactly what it's doing. But this is the way he explained it to me. I hope I'm not butchering it, but some insane amount of time. Like all the seconds that the world has ever existed. Plus you would need that to, for a computer, a normal computer to solve a problem that a quantum computer would solve In one second.


Do we have con quantum? Yes, we do have, yeah. They, they, they have quantum computers, but they don't exactly know how to program 'em. Now, I think is the problem. Dude, you're talking, they got a compute. They're making computers and they don't know how to program 'em. And they're talking, This is what it is. They're so complex that they want to develop the infrastructure. The, the computer's very small, which is really crazy. And let, Quantum, quantum, they need money to finish this. Let me guess. Settle Down the actual chip. Yeah, the actual chip is very small. It's like a tiny little, it's smaller than this. The actual chip. The whole rest of the thing is insane cooling. Because in order to operate this, you have to keep it at an unbelievably cold temperature.


Like colder than deep space. Jesus. Yeah. What? Yeah, it's, you should see it. But pull up something on it, Jamie, just so that you can see like the explanation of quantum computing. Like it's a real thing. Eddie, as much as you call Bullshit Eddie seems, I know When Computers are a real fucking thing. Okay. You know when you see, the reason why you find all this shit on YouTube that doesn't make any sense is 'cause computers are a real fucking thing. That's right. That's right. With computer, These people can make videos. They compress them, they upload 'em online. So this is computing. It's all a real thing. Quantum computing is this, but it's through an insanely powerful source. And I can't get service in my fucking Backyard. This is, first of all, there's only a couple of these on earth. They're very difficult to make insane tolerances.


That's and super expensive, right? They gotta, they need unbelievably Expensive. I'm sure. I'm sure. Because it Pay for it. They're completely the companies that are making them, Not the taxpayers. I highly doubt. There's probably, there's some subsiding. There's probably some I seen. Have you seen like sent like, I don't know if it was the Cox guy or whatever, But there they're, there's a video like they're in front.


This episode is brought to you by American Prime Evil. There's a truly gripping new limited series coming to Netflix called American Prime Evil. It's starring Taylor Kitch and Betty Gilpin. And it's set in one of the most beautiful, brutal, and isolated parts of America in 1857. This is a story of rebellion, pain, hatred, fear, and ultimate survival as one woman's fights to save her son journeying through this unforgiving place. It's also directed by Pete Berg, my friend, and a previous guest on the podcast. Don't miss this one. American Prime Evil is now playing only on Netflix.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. I am all for getting your health back on track. You guys know how much I like to work out. It's important to take care of yourself, but it isn't just your physical health that you should worry about. As we head into the new year, you should also spend some time and energy on your financial health. And a good place to start is to get some identity protection from LifeLock. Your personal info is in endless places that are outside of your control. It only takes one mistake and not even your mistake to expose you to identity theft and lost funds. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second and alerts you to threats you could miss on your own. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed. Or your money back don't face drained accounts. Fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft alone resolve to make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, visit lifelock.com/jre and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/jr. Terms apply


That big cylinder and cern. And they're talking about, we've discovered 10 dimensions. We, we we're gonna discover in an 11 dimension, but we need more money. Yeah, they do need more money. Eddie. But Eddie, how do, what do they think? Hap it's for free. Eddie. You think you can make a quantum computer in your backyard? That's where DARPA and our Fucking lemonade money. You don't Think, you don't. Darpa, you don't feel like a little like, like listen, The whole thing's crazy because what they're gonna do is make a life form that's way smarter than us. It's gonna happen. It's gonna happen soon. That's crazy Too. Yeah. Literally. We're too marching towards our own demise for sure. There is no fucking way. That's not gonna happen. If good guys can get it, bad guys can get it too.


That's the Issue. A hundred percent. And they might be getting it quicker. Yes. What if this is already a computer? Like what if we're already in a quantum computer? Damn. Well that's what Elon thinks. Yeah. Well only rich people don't understands. Only rich people. Their computer program is awesome. They're getting their dick sucked flying around rockets. Yeah. Have a single mom of four at McDonald's and like we're in a fucking simulation. We might. That's such a good point. We might be. We might be a Only billing or say we're in a simulation. No. What if, what if we're already computer creations that are creating computers? We are in a machine though. I mean, it's so obvious. We are in a machine. We're in the matrix and we're already creating another, the sun, the stars like a better version of ourselves. We're in a machine. We're in a clock. We're Actually in a clock. Yes. The sun ev regulates the day the clocks go to the stars and the sun and the moon.


The moon's 28 days. Apparently we're supposed to have 13 months and we used to have 13 months. You said that Every No we used used to used to be 13 months. No, he's right. I'm saying no, he's right. 13 of all he's saying about the machine is real. That makes sense. Now. Thing about October. What does OCT mean? I don't know. Oh right. October. Two minutes. Why is it the 10th month? I dunno. 'cause octopus is Deca. What does that mean? 10 10 December Latin on me right now, bro. Do that bro. Cherokee candle calendar. Exactly. Traditionally defined as lunar calendar marked by 13 moon cycles of 28 days. Amen. Well that wouldn't Does that work? It does work. There's an extra day and that day is like the odds of Mar March is supposed to be the first.


Well Why, why didn't we do that? That's so much better than month Confuses. Exactly. Has 31 month as 28. Exactly. By the way, Changing time. The moon has a 28 day Fake. They do black history month on the one month with only 28 days. Like settle down. Here comes the pirate. Here's The pirate, bro. This is a great fight Trojan. This dude, this fucking dude throws, kicks like everybody else. Throws punches. Yeah. Shower bullets so weird. Like even you watch him training. It's a nonstop kicking thing. Did you see him train with that Nina Girl? It's, yes. See it makes, get the memo. Makes me think though, watching him train. 'cause everybody thinks that kicks wear you out. I think kicks wear you out if you're not used to throwing kicks.


Dude, Orange bush coming out of shorts. I Don't know. No, that's not his bush bro. Is it? That's, Isn't there an orange bush coming out his head? No, that's imagine Me. Just let it, it grow. But Dana have to pull him to the side yell like, look how big his head is. Well some of those dudes, like those Russian wrestlers that have crazy hairy backs. Yeah. You know those dudes That should be illegal. Wild Crotch hair, wild crotch. Remember how Harky Was? Oh, oh my God. He was, he was a werewolf. He hid hair on his shoulders. Oh bro. Yeah. He was a werewolf, but he looked awesome. When you dad from bro prop props to that guy, man, I'm, I'm sad that he's now outta the UFC, You know that they kind of forced him out. But did, did they come props to that guy? Yeah, that guy who stayed like world class for a long ass time.


Even after he wasn't the best. Because Remember he, he lost a Fedor. He's doing well. Did that weird flying fucking knee got Knocked out if he didn't do that. And Then still, Still ented himself and that Guy's going bald. That guy is never Dude, look at Bro. He was, he was was fucking Fedor up. He was tuning him up on the feet and Then did that weird flying. Fucking ah, he fucked up. But everybody forgets how good Arlosky was in his prime. Yeah, bro. He had a laser beam of a right hand fast. As he got older, his punches were more la probably his shoulder problems. Me and him Had the most boringest fight ever. I beat him. But Yeah, it was very boring. Isn't that crazy too that you fought him like how many years after he started?


Shit, think about that. He was the champ in what? 2005 school really fought. Yeah. So 20 years ago he was a champ, fought. But the first time we fight we were like In our, our twenties probably. And then, and then taking and then taking on young, You know I was a young line inbreeding, gas Bird took on Francis. Yeah, he took on Francis when Francis was, yeah, it happened. When was the first time I left? He walked in. Do you remember, do you remember how you partied after the crow cop fight? Do you remember that night? Yep. What'd you do? I went and got Chicken wings and Went to my room and Threw up. That's it. I was concussed. He didn't go. Oh shit. Okay. So you couldn't go party and, and I was in So much pain 'cause my nose got shattered. Isn't that crazy that people don't even think about that. But a lot of the guys who win still get concussed. Even the guys who win by Knockout, they think, oh, he won by knockout.


He must be fine right now. Like no, he probably, he probably almost got KD himself. It was, yeah, it was a tough fight. Did you ever see that fight with Ramon Deckers? Ramon Deckers fought this dude and they both left hooked at the same time and both knocked each other out. It wasn in the end of Rocky three. It's real in, in this room. Real in this kickboxing. Ramon Deckers, one of the best ever. My favorite kickboxer of all time. 'cause he was such a fucking psychopath. You throw everything, look at this. Oh bro. They both just cranked one off. The exact guy, right? Exact saint. Oh yeah, yeah. Monster. Look at this. Boom Bro. That same time. So crazy. Who one, I think the other guy did. I think Ryan Simpson got up first. How wild is that?


He got out first, I think. See he wasn't totally out. Like look, when he goes down he catches himself. Protect him too. Yeah, but he But Rob came, or excuse me. Ramon Deckers didn't. Yeah, he's out. Out. Yeah. What? Wait, what weight did He fight at you? Well he started off with lights. See it Wasn the thing. He was one of the only foreigners that went over to Holland and was fighting ties and he was their size. Do You know, do you remember that? It wasn. He was from Holland and he went over to Ty. Yeah. He fucked those dudes up. Yeah. With the violence they had never seen before. Like a psychotic violence. Like A Mel mine. The, the Holland mob hired me to move and live. Oh yeah. There to train Ramon Deckers to fight MMA. Yeah, that's right.


I forgot about that. And then the mob, the mob boss got thrown in jail and then they canceled the plans. Whoa. I was ready to move. Move to Holland. I was gonna move to Holland. He was telling me, he's like, bro, it's gonna gonna be awesome. I'm gonna train those dudes. I'm gonna give them some fucking killer juujitsu. It wouldn't worked Too. Hey, let's, here we go. Let's get the clock going because Sha bull can I is about fight can Color on his opponent. So 4 58, 4 57 4 50 or 4 55 54. 4 53. 4 52. Alright. Syn it up. Bull's fighting with one eye. Can't See eye One eye the other one. Right. He, he's Such an exciting fighter. He is one of my favorite fighters. His ceiling. I, I don't know. 'cause of his wrestling, It's a huge issue.


Yeah. The thing like this is a big move up. I say how's His juujitsu? He's, well he's not a brown fighter. That's not his thing. He's really a karate guy. But the way he throws his kicks is nuts, man. Karate guy From like Dagestan or something, right? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. That's so weird. Right? It's not like Muay Hai style. I mean he can do all that. Oh shit, he got petro. It's good man. Really? This is what I'm talking about. Really good, really good. Really good. Muay Hai and, and fully complete. God. He's a complete guy. What is the Armenian? He also super strongman sounds Arm Russian, Armenian. He better be Armenian. You know, bullets got, got an indestructible head. But no, anybody can get Knocked out. Well when he gets hit with shots, because of all that here it looks worse. He's Got caught twice now. Yeah, it does look worse. It looks Way worse. 'cause all that hair, That's a very good point Because you just See him Like, it looks like the burning bush.


But Petrosian super solid. When I, when I saw this fight was being made, I was like, ooh, that's a real test. But there was one twos. Yeah. And like good defensively, big fucking dude for the weight class. These Guys are so big. It's so crazy that how big 180 5 is now. Wild dude. They're so big Twice. DDDP. I was trying to tell Brian, I'm like dude DDP is a different fucking animal. Anthony Smith is, he was like 2 35. He's a Two five With no fat on him. He's 2 0 5. This Isn is an 85, right? No. 85 though. No, they're huge too. Yeah. Two oh fives notoriously been big. 85 now to me is the biggest kind of leap as far as big guy. Really. They're fucking huge. Dreas is so fucking big is He ain't small either.


Stricken ain't small. Look at Luke Rockall. He fought Around two 20. Robert Whitaker's. No punk. These guys are bigger. What's what kick Is he the most famous for Petrosian? He's just, no, No not Petro. Oh. Mega clipped him there. He throws, he throws everything. Is it? The wheel kicks. He throws everything. Everything. Wheel kicks. Acts, kicks, roundhouse kicks. Someone's getting knocked out. Doug Bro. He's coming after this dude doesn't Really throw anything. Petros landing too though. Yeah, but he coming after Petro. He's really hit the gas here. He's A rocked man. I love his look man. Like a pirate. So crazy. You know he played a bag guy in a movie in Hollywood recently. Oh, what a great casting. They're gonna cast Peloton in some movie too. I heard he's a bad guy in some movie. That makes sense. I think just, fuck. Yeah.


I'm hyped for these guys. Imagine if one of these guys becomes the next rock, The next like John Cena. That'd be sick. Like you tell him he, Conor McGregor couldn't become an action movie star dude. They've Asked him to and he keeps turning it down. He still wants a fight. Does He still wants a fight? Does he? And he also wants a party. Yeah, I love him. He can do no Ro He looks like he's having a good time As he should. He doesn't know his shit. He already did it. Sometimes a good time can be if Heed he got clip that left hook got clip. Petro. Petro did. He's been clipped a few times now. But look out the way he throws his kicks. It's so different. And he can throw so many in a row too. But Petrosian is rock solid. Man. I wonder if that hair's actually a bit of a shock absorber.


No, no. Right. No, it wasn stupid comment. Right. That's So dumb. Somebody hit you in the head with a fucking big head of hair. But I think the beard is Is I mean No, just the hair. All that hair. They used to think that in boxing. In boxing you used to have to shave your beard. Yeah. For Golden gloves. They made me shave everything. I couldn't look more Mexican. Yes. I'm saying I just had a mustache. But even If it's like 1% right, it can make a Difference. No, No. At this level it does not fucking matter. No, it doesn't matter. Especially a title. A Little bit. Little padding. No, nah. S a crazy ass Wild man beard. Like one of them dudes that lives in the woods for 10 years. Just like a thick, big old, Maybe psychologically it Feels like Rick Rubin beard. Yeah. Maybe like if you get hit with an apricot, I would say a Rick Rubin beer would protect you quite a bit.


Dude. Or maybe, maybe you, you stopped your punch thinking you're hitting him. You know how you aim. And maybe it cut stopped. Now They punched. What fuck Are you talking guys? A professional man than What was the last time you punched somebody? That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard. You're pulling your punch. You're like, No professionals. Oh you're aiming There's his face. But it's an illusion. Ah. I didn't go all the way through. Right. He's lighting him up. How dare dude, I I, I've been pretty hard on sza, You know, 'cause his, the hype kind of fell off dude. The longest Covid ever. And then he had an interview with Brett Akimoto and you're like, oh, Side sidekick dude side fucking kick. Yeah bro. He does everything man. Then he has that interview with Brett Omo catches you off guard. And he talks about how he's been depressed and he's been constantly moving and do And he has a kid.


You're like, oh, this is a normal dude. Yeah, this is, he's calmed down. 'cause he had a kid. Yep. And he's been going through a tough time. He's camp. He didn't have the same camp. His kid, his kid has had two surgeries. He's gonna have one second surgery. Surgery after. Yeah, after the fight. Yeah. And, and they're like, what's going on? He's like, oh, I was depressed. 'cause he is like, it's tough making my family move every fucking month. And Why did he have to move all the time? I Don't know. I don't know. But you, and then, and then you saying that that's why he wants to stay and fight. You know, people give him shit about not coming to America. He's like my health, when I fly, it fucks me up. Yeah. Which I, I don't know, think that dude knows what's real. Here's the story on that dude. Supposedly you can't kick him outta the gym. He's the most brutal overtrain.


Like, that's the story on him. And that he's just like such a psychopath that he'll, he'll train even if he's sick. Did you see him Train with The Olympic Wrestling team? Yes. Yeah. No. No. Pretty fucking impressive. Yeah, Dude, Really impressive. Hang, hang, hang with those guys. Yeah. Really? You don't say monster Ya. He's a beast dude. Yeah, he's a beast. What he did to Rock Hold was disturbing. It was disturbing. Like Luke Rockhold, he's not in his prime. No. But Luke Rockhold was a fantastic graphic. Who are you guys talking about again? Hamza. Oh, Hamza rolled with Luke Rockhold. Rockhold and just ran through him. Okay. Ran through him. Jesus armard him. What else he hooked? He hooked him. It's crazy. Yeah. It but just ran through him. Just dominated him. What He he he's a ban.


He, but the only thing I would not touch this as far as betting. If I were gonna bet on, I'd put money on Whitaker. Just 'cause there's so many variables with Hamza, his best heavyweight went against Mahar. He's never really beat a true middleweight. And then you're going from fighting Welterweights. He beat a blown up Usman struggled with that. Struggled with Gilbert Burns. And you're fighting Robert Whitaker at three. Well, I, I still wanna see it. Oh no. What I'm talking no Joe, I'm not saying No, no, no. I'm not saying no. I'm saying I went bet on it. I'm saying there's too many unknowns got For me to bet on. It was like, it wasn like one of the first, I think his first fight was at 85. Yes. And then I think it's one 70 Unstoppable. But I just don't think you can really make one 70. Did you see him on the scales for This? He looked bad. He was the last one to weigh in.


Yeah. It's tough. It's hard. Even even 85. Yeah. Max looks very thin too. Max looks real drawn out. See, I don't like Max at 45 Real, especially at his age. I like him at 55. But the thing with Max, You know, so he's been going on this fucking war path after losing ovs. They asked him what changed. You know what he said? What s sparring Remember he was the guy that goes, I don't spar. They what changed? He goes, I start s sparring again. That's why I'm knocking bitches out. You gotta s You gotta s you gotta spar. Unfortunately, He was the one guy, I'm like, oh man, maybe you don't have to. And then you're like, all Right. I Wonder if Char Bullet would lose all his power if you shaved his beard. I think there was some other guys who decided to go the Knots barring route too. Mitrione did it for a long time. Yeah. Mitrione was the first of it. A lot Of those guys started talking about that. Donald didn't Donald do it?


I think Donald did it. I think Donald did it for a while as well. Said, You know what, in, in football. Yeah. Donald did the, the equivalent to that. Not sparring is not really going hard in, in preseason. And the and the Browns didn't fucking play anybody in preseason. They didn't take any chances and they got wall up. The first six, the seven. It's just different. Yeah. So now it's like, damn, we got, we got a spar in Preseason nut shot. Right in nuts. And that's when you feel It, bro. Everybody needs to get those diamond. MMA cups. What Are they? Those, those are compression shorts with those like perfectly fitted cups. You could take a literal nut shot dude. What? Really? Yeah man. They exist like steel. Not only that, here's the thing. You can wear a tie cup.


You can wear a steel tie cup in the U ffc that a fantasy. If you're fancy fighting in the U ffc, you 100% wear a steel tie cup Because you can break their foot. Yeah. If someone kicks in a dick arm, it breaks their foot. Start the leverage With an arm Bar lever with an arm bar is insane. And also like, if you get on top of them, you could shove that thing into thems a fucking weapon. I'm gonna wearing one just 'cause for podcasts and everything. You can get one like you, they hurt man. They hurt with whatever you're pushing it up against. It's a piece of metal. So what Does you do? It's a like a, it's a How's it held into place? You tie it through your ass like a, it's nail stripper. A really? Yeah. It's super good. Dude. I'm getting turned off super Good. I never Wore one. I wanna wear one for discipline, But you have to make sure it's really in place. 'cause as it slips and a nut gets pokey out.


Oh my God. Oh my God. Then you get, oh my God, steel. Oh my God. I had that happen with a plastic cup once. Fuck you. That's yeah. My nut got pokey out a little on the side and I got kicked to the nuts and the plastic cup slammed into my nut. That Happened to, it was Gilbert Iil and Vander Le Silva in Pride 11. Oh my God. Nuts kick. And the the cup got caught on. Its nuts. And it was over. They had to put up, take him out in his stretch. I never wore a cup in football or fighting. I remember that fight. I remember so many pride fight. Yeah. It Was over. It was like, he wouldn't, like, usually you get hit in the nuts and you you need five minutes max or whatever. No, it's over this time. Yo, there was no coming back.


His nut got caught on the side of the, oh God. Dude, I, when you look at those old pride fights, that might've been the, the, the golden years That might've been the best of the best. The Savages. There was so much savage about it. There was so much good about it. First of all, it was the first time we ever got to see MMA in giant places. Like there was no UFCs that were in 90,000 people. And it wasn in 2000. Yeah. In the pageantry Pride. They Also Didn't really that Remember hens over versus ARMRA Pride 10. Oh yeah. Dude, I commentated that shit dog. Oh, that's right. It was, it was like 150 degrees. I was in a suit And it looked like I jumped out of a pool dog. And how many people were there, Eddie? It was a, like a fucking baseball stadium. Yeah. Like 80,000 thousand.


I, I don't know, about 80. But it was this have some big boy. It was insane. Yeah. It was the best. It wasn when, when So, so dude, it wasn so many classic matches. Guy Mezger versus Vander Le Silva, Gilbert Iil, when he knocked out, he was scared. A, a good ridge in one kick. He just, it wasn one strike in the fight. They came out and killed. Just said, you can pull right to the head and it wasn It. Oh wow. Left High Kick. And Gary Goodridge was laid out, knocked out for like five minutes. And when he woke up, he, his, his sister was his personal trainer. She was a yolk chick. That's not good. And he woke up and he told me this. He goes, dude, when I woke up, I thought, and You know, he's from Toronto, he's from, and he goes, I, when I woke up, I thought I was at a rave in Toronto.


That's what he told me. Gary, Here's the thing, he Got knocked. Maybe He was, Yeah, Maybe He was like, maybe he got hit so hard that he got knocked into a parallel dimension. And he, and He didn't Recognize his sister. He thought his sister was some chick he was hanging out with. He didn't even know what his sister was. Well, maybe that's real. It's like A, You remember when you cable Brian Cox Would go, yeah, that's what I'm talking about. Shh. He got, You know, remember Back when you had cable and you had cable and there was the dirty channels. Yeah. And you could tune into 'em, but they'd be all like fucked up. And every now and then you'd see like a couple of seconds of some girl's boobs, Some guy hell couple And it would Go away. That's all I needed. Maybe that's what like getting kicked in the head is like, yeah.


And Then finally you could just give up on it. Like, fuck. After like a half an hour, even just waiting for the shots. Like, fuck, this is waste. I'm wasting my life. Parallel dimensions. Yeah. When Rothwell knocked me out, I was like climbing a ladder. I went to a different planet and just climbing ladders ladder. I was just like, really? Yeah. My hands were twitching. Like climbing a ladder. That's the weirdest thing. When you get hit really hard and your legs just stop working. It's the weirdest feeling. Like that's why like nerve knockouts, like a good left hook to the jaw. When someone gets clipped and you see that nerve, it's like a, it's every, it's the weirdest thing, man. Like, you have no control over it. Like, there's one thing when you're hit and you're hurt and your, your body's crumpling and you're taking shots. But the the hit to the chin is like weep.


It's an off switch. Someone just goes by and goes, it's so weird. Turn the lights off. But you're conscious. Yes, you're conscious. You're conscious. You're conscious. You can't do it. You're not, you didn't even get hurt real bad. Like I got hit way harder before than I when I've been dropped. But you get hit like on the top of the head or you get hit somewhere else. But I got hit on a point of the chin once and my legs. Oh fuck what happened dude. He threw a spinning fucking a ba back fist and then reversed it and threw another spinning. He threw two of them double spin. And the second Man, we spin the whole Thing. Tony Ferguson did that once. But he did it the same way. This guy changed directions. Unless I'm retarded, I maybe's I'm wrong. How I Remember it, God damn, I talk too much.


Yo it wasn. It wasn fucking insane. He's, he By the way, his gas tank is ridiculous. Well he has to have one of, he kicks as much as he does. Damn. Weren't paying a Attention. He was, he's like, he's not even that happy. He's like, dude, it wasn fucking Tough. There we go. He's like, shit. I got like, okay. So we go boom And it change directions. Boom. That's what I'm talking about. Yo, no one's ever done that before. But By the way, no One's ever done that before. Look At the accuracy too. This was good. Too accurate. Spinning back. Camera fist. Wow. Dude. That's kung fu theater right there. That is, that's wild. And they, that's wild. And the dude just put his head down. That's gonna be a highlight forever right there.


Amazing. That's crazy. Boom down, fucked up. Fuck. Wow. And You know what Tony Ferguson did it to Raphael Degos. But he threw it and then he kept spinning and then he threw another one. You know what I mean? Same Direction. I was just thinking of Raphael Doss. Remember when he broke his foot when he was supposed to fight Connor? Yep. It wasn supposed to go down. He was get his, he was kind of favored to win. Yeah, he's, it wasn the fight. He was a scary guy. He fought tonight his, how did he do? How, how did he do Jimmy? He fought Jeff Neil. I mean he raed all. Oh that's right. Tough fight for him. He rag on Nate. Remember? Wasn't he the one Picking him up, bro? He was a beast when he was the champion. Neil First round. TKO. Jeff Neil knocked him out first round TKO. Oh, he's older though. You know, 40? Yeah. Yeah, he's older.


And I believe he only has one ACL too. And that's also I think damn near his 40th UFC fan. Okay. How Do you remember all this fucking information? Like do you, at night you spend an hour going through shit and watching fights again? No, I just, Just love it. I give him pop quizzes. Your memory can't be, Dude, your memory can't be that good. I'm all the time. It can't be that good. I just, so you gotta watch shit over. He's got a good memory. It, he's actually got Good memory. I just love it. You Pick up, wait two minutes and 30 seconds of round four. He hit him with J and like, how do You know this shit? It's probably the same way, You know, conspiracies and shit. You're just into it. You know, I watched YouTube on that. Tko is tko his knee. His knee goes out. I think. Oh, I like, I just said that. I think he's got no ACL. He's thick. I think he's got a bad ACL.


Was this At 70? It's Like right here. Could have been 55. Right. Guys tend to give him problems. Oh Come on Jel. Man. Jeff deals hands Look slick. Oh, his legs fucked up. Okay dude. And, and, and RDA is the nicest guy. When I was fighting over in Brazil, no, Brazil would let me work out in the gym. Nobody would help me. He get, he would take me, drop his daughter off at school and then take me around, get me food, take me to his gym. Really? The nicest fucking guy in the world. That's crazy that I said that. His, I think he has no ACL and that's what, and then that happened. Fuck that poor guy.


What Apu There's a couple guys who fight in the U ffc with no ACL. Really? Yeah. Yeah. It's the craziest thing to do I stuff. It's like Justin Gaje has won no acl. L Who was the first guy? Do you remember the first guy? Rico. Rico Rodriguez. He used like, what, what are you doing? He goes, I have no ACL Like what heavyweight champion of the world. UFC heavyweight champion. But the quad thing you can't fix. You could fix the ACL L thing. Am I wrong? We just need to go through a surgery. Rodriguez Have a NCAA champ too. Is That remember? No, no, no, no. He wrestled but he wasn't, He was an early John Jock. Machado black. Yeah. He's a, he's A Jiujitsu guy. Big boy. His juujitsu was nasty. Savage, nasty. He was very Good. He's a, he's a wrestl. 'cause this is in the nineties. And when wrestlers came into jujitsu, everybody was a white belt and a blue belt in the nineties.


Everybody, it wasn there was one purple belt per school. And there was one American black belt. Craig Kuok in, in New York. Remember Denzel's guy? I trained with a it wasn teacher. Purple belt. Yeah. American Purple Belt per school. Yeah. Everybody was a white and everybody was a blue. Steve Maxwell was one of the first American black belts. But the, the, yeah. Greg Was partners with Henzel back Then. The guys that came in with a wrestling background, like Rico Rodriguez. He came in and he wrestled this whole life. Yeah. And he went like him and this guy named Seth Goodall. They, they're big dudes who wrestled. They as blue belts they went to to the world championships. Just fucked up what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying. Rico, he fucked everybody up. I Think Rico was an NCAA champ. Rico Rodriguez.


I don't sure he, but I don't know Jamie Rico Rodriguez. Who was that kid that would always come to Juujitsu at 10th Planet when it was legends. At Legends when he was a like Eric. Crazy wrestler. Super powerful. Oh my God. You Remember that Dude? Yes. I forget his name. God damnit. He had so much potential. This guy. Oh God. We used to do neon stomach drills. Rodriguez, what does it say? No, Not what about his wrestling? Okay. He did a D, C, C. So he was not this dude. Oh, I'm thinking about It's Eric, right? Eddie? Wasn't it Eric? Eric Something. Yeah. This dude Eric, we used to do neon belly drills.


This is when I realized like with the difference between like a really strong wrestler, I couldn't get up if he was on top of me. I wasn't got not getting up. I tried so hard to get up. I could not get up. I was in real good shape. I was in ground belt. Every, could not Get up. Every jujitsu school owner wanted the, were, they're all looking for wrestlers. 'cause they already had 15, 20 years of when we switched, when we switched positions. So when I got on top of him, he just went, we, and I just went flying. I had pretty good top pressure. I had pretty good talking with head arm. And he got a knee on belly. I had pretty good top pressure. We, I was just like, this is crazy. You know another person who made me feel like that? Carl Parisian. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh my God. First time I rolled with Carl, I was like, this is ridic.


You're a chimpanzee bro. You're not even a Fucking human. All those years of Judo Jake Shields too, right? Oh yeah. Jake Shield. Same thing. Same thing. Yeah. But Carl was freaky. It was 'cause it's like, why are you so fucking strong? Like, 'cause it's Judo is the craziest thing. You're literally throwing bodies all the time. Yeah. You're hoisting people up in the air and slamming them and you're fucking exploding on your feet. Tripping each other and They're explosive. Oh my God. Yeah. I remember I was with, I, I was rolling with you guys and Tarek and Jake Shields, we were all together and I was, I mean I'm in the mix fucking, You know, and d Congratulations. Yeah. The idiot. And Jake, Jake didn't know me and he, I was like, this guy, this guy might has a podcast.


I don't want him to, like, what if he gets a position on me? He like, You know how you, you ever see one of those steam rollers with the, when they spla in the pavement? It was inappropriate. It was, Oh yeah. Jake's hard. Oh My God. I was, I was like, I can't do anything. I, I was making, I'm by Sounds, I was going well you should be fucked up and you deserve it. But also, but also I'm a do away right now. You deserve It. I'm like two 30, Dude, Brian, you, you really deserve it. You deserve everything that comes your way. You, you train once a decade that there, try roll with Jake Shield. You deserve. I would do the same goddamn thing to you. I hate people like you trained. I still Trained Once You fuck, you don't deserve to roll.


Smush you. I'd be happy to do it, dude. But then angry with Brendan, but then Jake rolled with Brendan And Well that's a different thing. Brenda's a Boy. Do you ever think about having, you ever think about having a, like, like a, in the studio, like a room for like a band to play or to do Juujitsu? I Have one thought about. No, not a juujitsu. We could, we always could. We have the full mats out there. Youve seen the, the back gym. It would be cool Like, show me a movie and then you have mats and you have cameras on the Mat. A bunch of guys come in and, and train here all the time. But For the podcast is what I'm talking about. Well I thought about doing something like that, but then I think like some things just are for yourself. Yeah. Like when the Rock came here worked out, I said, Hey man, fuck all this social media shit. Let's just hang out. Yeah. Because it was me and your phone down and the comedians. Yeah. So it was, You know, Brian Simpson was there, Shane Gillis, Tony Hin, those guys were out With The Rock is like Brian Rowland with Jake Shields.


Yeah. Derek. Yeah. Thanks. Derek Poston was there as Ahmad was there. We had a good fucking time. You know, it was just, just hanging out. Like sometimes just hang out. But it'd Be cool to have like, you don't have to make it a business, like a band, like a band play. You know, that would be dope. How cool would that, That would be dope. But do I have time for that? I don't really have time For that. You don't have time to have to have a band on your podcast. And then they get up and Like sometimes, but I Like It when people just play. Like when Gary Clark Jr. Comes here and just plays like Everlast played. He just play guitar and play. Did you Everlast have a DJ with him once? Yeah. Everlast came with a dj. Like four or five Guys. Wait, wait. During the podcast? Yeah. Yeah. How do you set up? Let him set up whatever they want. Honey. Honey played him Like sit around.


Like just set. They on the table. Joel, you can do it. So you can gonna spitball on ideas. Try and get you more views. Man. We know you. Anything we refuse. Podcast go down in flames. We're not gonna do It. The most hilarious thing. When I first got to Spotify, I was willing to do it for two reasons. One 'cause it was a ton of money. And two, because I wanted to be like 10% less famous. Yeah. I was like, wouldn't it be nice boy did That back heard Hear that to heard. Because people were like, oh, you're gonna go into obscurity. I'm like, great. Yeah, yeah. Like you, you'll be like Howard Stern. No one's gonna, I was like, perfect, perfect, perfect. Gimme the money. Yeah. I got other interests, man. Yeah. Where? Gimme the loop. Were you a little, were you at all nervous for Trump? I was definitely hyped up. I was excited because I wanted to, there's a lot of questions I need to answer.


Did You feel pressure? No. No pressure? No, no, no. Not pressure. No Pressure. Mean like make sure you cover Everything you want to cover. No, no, no, no. Just like I knew what was important. Did you prepare for it? Not necessarily. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Did you ask him also why you was so pro-vaccine? No, I didn't. But I also wanted to be rigid because, 'cause there was a moment when he brought up the polio vaccine. I was like, ugh, I don't wanna correct him. I don't wanna show like when the, have you ever seen the the chart of when polio actually dropped off? Yeah. When the vaccine was introduced. I referenced it All the time. It's all bullshit. Yeah. All bullshit. That, that's a rough one. That's a, when you look at the actual, like there's a bunch of them. Measles is another one. You look at what actually happened. You involved vaccine talk as a private. Exactly. And I don't want to get involved in the a podcast where there's a lot of shit I want to get to.


Yeah. I wanna know what the fuck is in the JFK files. Did you? You know, that's what we Talked about. I didn't see that part because I've seen how He said there's a lot of people that are still alive. And I said, okay, so that's why you wouldn't release it. Because some of the people that are gonna be implicated are still alive. So what that's saying to me is that the government was involved. Hundred Percent. Everybody knows that. But I said that and he kinda like danced a little. The Politician Came out. He's real. No, he just like, he's real good at you ask him a question and he starts to answer it. But then he takes you on a totally different route. Weave. You gotta, but you gotta bring him back in. But you gotta be respectful. So it's like, I knew that that's the way he does it, but I'm like, I know, I understand what you're doing sir. But let's get it back to what I was asking you back.


You did that, you did that a couple times. I was like, I wanna know what that first fucking day is like. And I don't think I really got that answer out of him. I want, I don't think He remembers. I think he does. I, what I'm talking about is like this feeling of now you have to appoint 10,000 people and now you have to figure out how this machine works. Wow. When you've never governed at all and they don't show you any of that when you're running for president. It's not like a training program. Details like, Hey Brendan, you might be president. We're gonna show you, this is how deals get made. This is, I like what he said about John Bolton. He said, yeah, he's a whack job. But You know what was cool about him? When I went to fucking Iran and I had John Bolton, they all knew he was a fuck. He was ready to drop bombs that he's called him a whack job.


But he, he had his purpose. You know, John Bolton, Kind of that kind of mindset. You know, the problem with the the Trump stuff is just that the people look at the inflammatory things. He says crazy shit. The crazy shit. Yeah. And they define him by that. But you also get over it. Also have to remember this is a very bizarre combination of an entertainer and a businessman. So it's an entertainer that like, he's like a comedian man. He says funny shit. He does it all the time. Very funny. He's always fun, constantly roasting, makes fun of Biden, constantly roasting. He's funny man. He's New York. He's very New York. The fact that he, the nicknames he gives to people that they have be funny tampon Tim. Yeah.


If weren't, if it wasn't funny, he wouldn't use it like tampon Tim. But my Point is came up. My point is, is people don't know what to do with that. Yeah. And they want to pretend that all these other people are somehow or another like morally better. Because you don't get to see the real them. Like, I don't buy that. I don't think you should either. I don't think that's how people really are. I think. And when you see over and over and over and over again the media manipulating things and lying about things to make him seem way worse than he is. Call him Hitler. You should be suspicious. Yes. You should be Real suspicious. There's a reason why su they're doing That. Exactly. They don't wanna lose that job. They're in desperado mode.


Now do, did You have a different perspective after like go, like you don't know him well, right? I don't know him at all, but I Never had a conversation with him other than Nice to meet you, sir. And he complimented me. I said, thank you, you, you're really good at this UFC stuff. Like That kind thing. Like thank you. Thank sir. But after, but after three hours, did you have a different impression Of him or no? Yeah. Well, I mean, he's a businessman. Bottom line. He likes making deals. That's what it is. Like that's his whole thing. And he's, and he's got this ability to just keep going. This is what's crazy. The podcast is three hours long. The guy didn't pee before the podcast. He didn't pee after the podcast. He got drunk, maybe Had a little Catheter, maybe he Drinks more diet Cokes than me.


But He didn't drink anything during the podcast gangster. He just sat here. We, and we talked and they were freaking out out there because he was two hours late for something he was doing in Michigan. He didn't give a fuck. He's like, I know this is gonna be bigger than that. Let's just keep going. We did three hours. Damn. But at the end of it, he's, You know, I don't know him other than the three hours that I talked to him when he was trying to be at his best. Right. And Kamala Harris has not said yes yet. She hasn't said no either. People keep saying, she said no, her team. I said I would have a conversation with her like a human being. That's all I want to do. That's literally all I wanted to ask. But that's trouble for her. I wanna know what is it like to be, I don't even give a fuck about all, all the stuff she's talked about, about policies and all these different things. We all, we know her positions.


Yeah. Like who are you? Just be, be real. Who are You? The crazy thing with that's right with Kamala is That's the most she would be, she would be well served to step into the lion's den. No, she's not. Take it Because you can't do it. I Be willing to talk about anything other than politics. I don't give a fuck. I don't give a fuck. You know who she is. Like if there were some certain things they didn't wanna talk about, I'm like, fine. I don't care. Let's talk. I wanna know who you are. Yes. I can find out who you are. Talk rest about sports. It's crazy how they, they, she does interview after interview and they're just like disasters. And you would think that because she study interviews You know what I mean? It's a fucked up way to talk that no one's used to doing. Yeah. Here's the, the way it is.


Here's a question. Give me an answer. And you're like, well, I think that it's not a fucking conversation. It's not real. It's not a conversation. So it's a weird, so you're uncomfortable with your words and you're trying to get it outright and you realize millions of people fucking hate you. Yeah. And don't think you should be in that position in the first place. Yeah. When she begins to answer a question with, I'm glad you asked that. Thank you for that. I'm like, oh my God. Yeah. You know, it's good. You know it's going. When she steers It back to She asking a, what? A question about question 20 million illegals coming through the border. Unvetted. I'm glad you asked that. No, no, no. She's, she steers Same talking points.


She steers it back to, I'm a middle class, I come from a middle class family. I like small businesses. It always back to The same and G things. And they go, what about inflation? And then she goes, You know, gr it's everything. You're right. I'm glad you asked that question. Groceries, I know. Gas, everything. Families are struggling. Yeah. Families. And then, but no plan. There's no, I need to hear what you Wanna do's about it. There's, you would think her handlers would go, this is the plan when they ask you about inflation to say, we're gonna do this and we're gonna, you don't tell her Shit the way they're doing it is very unnatural. And if you take a person that clams up when they have to talk publicly and you put 'em in unnatural environments.


Yes. You incite all kinds of anxiety inside them that That's right. It's a terrible way to communicate. I don't Think this would go better for her. I just don't think It's her thing. Three hours. If she did, if she gave you hours, Brenda, I'm trying to sell it and you fucking it up for me. Maybe. Maybe Kamala could sing or something. No, I think if Samala, You know what I mean? If she could sing, sign it up. Bad boy. Record contract. You know what I mean? It's a blow up. I think that company is going outta business. You might wanna Research. You making the stock of bad boy right now. Whoa, bro. Dude, Dudes are doing Kamala Ads and moving to Europe. You know, people ask that. People always are tripping on the baby though, right. With the Diddy thing. They're, they're tripping on the baby.


Like a thousand bottles of baby oil. I'm like, yeah, there's probably about a thousand people at his parties. Right. And everybody 768 dildos. That's wild. Boy, bro. Bro. Yo imagine. Imagine a Diddy party with no lube. Come on man. Come on man. Painful dunk. You gotta, I bet he doesn't even, I bet Diddy's not even gay. I bet. It's just, he really enjoys fucking guys. Just so he said he fucked him power. Yeah. It's a power move. I bet it's a gay though. Crazy. Yes, it does. That's crazy. Drugged up. Power move. You know, it's, It's not full. I Mean, a Headlock fucking also filming everybody and having dirt on everybody.


Like it's a crazy acting style, organized crime. But it makes you think like, is this guy doing it on his own? No. Like, who's above this motherfucker? Is that, but is, is that the case? Is he doing it on his own? Of course not. Maybe he's, but maybe he Is. He's not. And also, it's funny, the celebrities coming out to support Kamala. You're like, what the fuck? Yeah. Are you doing all of them moving to Europe and you're like dancing? Yeah. Like we love Kamala Usher. Beyonce came out last night. She was, was all like, yo, that actually Works when Americans in Texas see like somebody who's a billionaire support. It's like Beyonce. Most people don't have anything in common with her. So when that happens, it doesn't usually Go well for anybody. Any celebrity that comes out and support, support. They, Hillary Clinton didn't worry. They probably went to parties, You know what I mean?


A hundred percent. They probably, or they Just wanna be cool. They're worried. It's not Cool. I just think it's really weird to ask someone who lies for a living what they think the president should be. That's a lot of actors. Yes. They're just professional liars. Yes. Correct. The whole, the whole thing they're doing is they're pretending they're someone else. You have to be if you want, and you want them to be super sincere when they tell you who to vote for. Yeah. Oh, I believe it's time. But who Influence becomes President? The fact that they keep pushing the Trump is Hitler. And he promised to be a Dictator. A bang. Danny Gay and Murphy Murphy's a motherfucker, an Undefeated and dead motherfucker. He is putting it to him. Murphy just lit up. Barbosa undefeated kid out of England.


Savage. Bro. I was super impressed with eGate taking that fight on zero days notice against Diego Lopez. 'cause Diego Lopez is a straight up fucking killer Diego. And they had had a great fight. Diego's there tonight. He's the alternative. Diego Lopez combat Juujitsu World's veteran, bro. Bro, He's good. He's fucking Good. He's fucking good. Diego Lopez is dangerous. And he's so wild. If he could just get a little bit more calculated and calm, he hits Gas. Gas so hard. But he's such a killer man. Topi. Then he wins the night. He wants to fight Ache. Ooh. Ache wants to fight. That's a large man. Month 70. If Bilal Was there, then if Bilal loses a Shaf Gott, which is gonna happen in December, Shaf got wins that then mock show's gonna go up to fucking one 70 and challenge Sha.


Well you think Bilal gonna be Sha Got? Well that's, unless there's a rematch between Bilal and Shaf Gott. I mean, what if it's a crazy fight? I Highly, well, it could be a crazy fight. Fight. Do people sleep on Bilal Saying that Joe? I think he's a fucking killer. He's A killer motherfucker. No, I'm not saying that. I'm saying Mark ache. Shav caught such a super fight. They're probably gonna push that towards the queue. Yeah, but I mean, you gotta get past Bilal and What Fight's go to, what's his best? S a Striker. Really good striker. Great Striker. He Got up pretty good too. But he gave his back. Whoops. And s a Motherfuck him over here. Iga so solid. I'm a solid. Ooh. Plenty of time left Too. Iga solid everywhere too. He's solid. Standing up. He's solid on the ground. What Is he Mexican or something? Iga. What is that?


He Hawaiian. Isn't he a Hawaiian? Yeah. Oh shit. Okay. He's a beast man. He could Easily be Mexican. And He, he's super technical too. Like everything he does, like very smart, very polished And, and just Tough to, to put away as shit, dude. Tough as shit. Murphy's up, Did Diego beat when he Andre feely. Ooh. How Did Diego beat up? Ooh, Real close. Real close. Fight decision. Yeah, real close. And He took you on literally 25 minute notice. Literally he was getting massaged after working out. And he said, you want a fight tonight? Said Grab his mouthpiece. Yeah, grabbed your mouthpiece. He Was at Chipotle, Bro. He, he had to weigh in at 1 63. It wasn the agreed upon weight. 'cause he couldn't, obviously he can't cut weight the day of the fight. And so Diego took three different fights at three different weight classes.


He took 45 with Brian Ortega. Yeah. Ortega said he couldn't make 45. Diego made 45, said it's gonna be at 55. He said, okay, I'll take 55. And then all of a sudden IGA says 63. He's like, okay, 60. He's, let's just do it. That's So Nuts. Gangster dude. What if Max Holloway wins tonight? He can win A hundred percent. He can win Max Holloway. You cannot doubt him after that fucking Justin Gaje fight. No, he's so clever and he's so Wiley and with all the sparring now that we were talking about before, which I think is a, he, I mean he said he sparred for the gates. You fight much more. He goes, I had to be a crash test dummy. I don't think he's ever been put down. Not, no, he knocked out. Yes, he has. Justin Gate dropped him.


He's never been knocked out. No, he's never been knocked out. But he's been dropped. Justin was the first guy to drop him. He hit him with a right hand Max times he did it. That's Incredible. Max claims he didn't get dropped. No, no. He talked on the podcast. Said dropped. He said he got dropped. Got dropped. Yeah. He goes, he Oh, he dropped me. Yeah. First time. Yeah. We were talking on the podcast after the fight about Him getting dropped. Yeah. Yeah. He's never been knocked out. Be No, never been knocked out. Which is Oh, oh my God. Get him flushed there, sat him down. Oh, That's not good. He guys's got nasty ground pound too. Oh, this might be it. Yeah. And he, he, oh, 39 seconds to go. That's it. Oh. Oh dude, you gotta cover up. Keep moving time. You're undefeated. Get you're undefeated. You're undefeated. Oh, but he's still fighting. 30 seconds is a long time, Isn't it?


It's eternity. But if Danny eGate doesn't put him away here. Oh, here we go. Now we're moving now things are changing. Okay, dude, I, I think too, in that main event with Toia, people forget his, his natural background is grappling wrestling. Oh, Big elbows. What's up? Oh, take down. Look at this. Still got theora though. He used the take down. He got the Kimora. Oh, he let it go Georgia. Oh no he didn't. Oh damn. No he didn't. Oh, oh, oh. He's, he did look at that. He still has it secure the head. Beautiful. Oh, one second. It's over. Wow. How about Murphy getting outta that though? Oh, not just getting out of it, but putting him on all ground. It wasn it wasn awesome. It wasn awesome. Jesus. Rugged. Woo. Is this at 55 or 45?


45. Did you just say rugged? Yeah. I like saying rugby. It's 45, right, Jamie Featherweight. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hmm. Big Dudes for 45. Man, 40 Fives big too. Yeah. Big boys. Everybody. The game's changing. Look at Rob. The fact that dude makes 1 35. That's bananas. He short. He probably doesn't. I know dude. But he's so thick. He's a tree. And when you're around that guy, he's a, yeah, he's a lot. How About Sterling? Yeah. Oh, Aljamain was a little too big. I like him at 45. Love Him at 45. Yeah. I mean that Calvin Cater fight was like holy shit dude. Yeah. Calvin couldn't do anything to him Strong. He's hit the best back control maybe in the game. Yeah. Who's that? That's fair. Alger Sterling. What he did to Cory Sangan.


Oh. Like His back controls inside His back control's pretty nasty. That's what they call the Backpack. Your back. It's a fucking problem. Danny ega with the stiff left. Boom. Oh my goodness. Down. Mouthpiece out and everything. Yep. I hope Kamala says yes. Three hours, I hope settle in. Who You really are in three hours. I You can't hide for I shoot three hours. They probably want to do like an hour. You're Gonna get 22 minutes. I'll get an hour. I don't Know man. 22 minutes. 22 minutes with bullet points. You know, it's like no one knows who these fucking people are. Right. Get into his favorite sexual position. Well we do know Trump Is, we do know who Trump. I think someone, didn't that call her daddy?


Girl? Didn't they start talking about bedroom stuff? Yeah. I like cowgirl a very, oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. You son a bitch. But really reverse cowgirl on New Year's Eve and 4th of July. That's my favorite. Well she does, she gives good cooking tips. Ever see a good cooking tips? Does she, what does she say? Tells people use beef stuff. Beef towel beef. She'll probably be like, no, no. Seed oils are the best. They're getting a bad wrap. Seed oil. Beef towels too. Right wing. Exactly. I, it's Too broad.


Sunflower oil. Christo Crico is the best. Isn't it crazy though, to stick with the old school? All that stuff is industrial lubricant and they tricked us into taking over butter. Yeah, it's so fucked up. It's so bad. It Fucked up. Dude. My favorite is cutting no oil. Like, oh, we're drink. We're eating corn. It's corn. No, it's really from a plant called the rape seed. And you ever see what it Looks like when they're processing it? No. Oh, we've been duped, man. Seed Oil's being processed. It's like you, you look at it and you go, how can you make anybody eat that? I heard Jamie show me a video of seed oils being processed. Yeah, I know these Push. So beef tallow is number one?


Or is there, is there other kind of coconut chicken Tao? Is it chicken Tao GH is really good. Yeah. What's The difference between beef Tao and gh? GHS Clarified butter. No. Gh is it like, no, GH comes some Milk, but there's Like It people have rendered fat. Like bear is a really good fat that people render to cook in. Believe it or not. Bare Fat Pig bear fat. Pig fat lard is pig fat. Yeah. Cooking in animal fat is the best way. Also has the highest smoke point. So Tao means fat? Yes. So beef Tao Fat. Yes, that's what it is. Is there a chicken tao? It's rendered. No. So You know what that means? It's gotta be red. It's gotta be Render. So rendered is they take it and they cook it. So they take these giant vats of fat and they cook it and run it through a filter and then they fill jars with it.


And that's what Talo is. So it's rendered beef fat. Do, have you ever heard of regenerative farms? Yeah, Sure. I've had a bunch of regenerative farmers on, Yo, I went to a regenerative farm like a month ago. So this is how they make the seed oils. God. So this is like, they're just makes sense smashing these, they press these fucking disgusting seeds into pellets and the gets to go through this process. You go and that's what people cook. It's fucking gross man. Holy shit. And then they turn into a cooking oil fla. Meanwhile seeded. Meanwhile, you're not supposed to ever be cooking in that shit. It Flax seeded oil bad for you. I Don't know. You can't cook, Right? I don't think you people are cooking without that off.


It's like tea. Avocado oil's very good to cook with. Also has a high smoke point. Yeah. Have you ever seen that documentary? The biggest little farm? No. Yo, you gotta watch the biggest little fucking farm dude. It's like, it's a farm. It's a hundred percent regenerative. It's way above organic. Yeah. No pesticides, no nothing. They use an dude, they got like this balance, this ecological balance. Yeah. I went to it like a month ago. I was fucking, where's it at? In Moorpark. This fight. You can buy regenerative like from eggs and watch. Watch the biggest little farm. Trust me. This fight is really good, boys really good. This fight's really good. Murphy's really good man. Yeah. Did he survive that stud?


It's good for him. He looks good on the feet too. Looks fresh. Oh, looks very fresh. He just hit him with a one two, that's the thing. Like iga really burned off a lot of gas trying to finish him once he hurt him. Oh Joe, Did you watch France? This Fight? Yes. Was Fucking brutal. Good. When he took him down, I went Brilliant fucking T. Yeah, apparently it wasn their game plan all along. Brilliant. Yeah, He has takedowns. Well he once gets gone. I mean he out wrestled. Cyril gone when he had knee one knee, knee with one knee. Oh shit. Did you see that takedown? Fuck he took homie down and he is in the mountain. He's in the, that guy's a black belt on the bottom. I'm thinking like IGA might have hit the gas too hard in the First. He trying to get there. Yeah, he's on his back now.


What the fuck? What, what rank is he? I dunno. Murphy. What? He looks good dude. He looks, oh, everything changed now, but he got a triangle. Look at that. Can he finish it? All he gotta do is pull the head down. He pulls the head down and he's got a decent triangle. It's over. He's gotta just pull his head down. How much time left though? Oh, 14 seconds. No, nothing. Okay. Nothing. All he is gotta do is belt. All he's gotta do is pull his head Down. Got some moments to adjust. He almost did right there. So much grease. But he could still in the middle. Oh, he moved the arm over. Oh dude. Another minute. Ran outta time. Shit Would've been different. Yeah, he was just getting Tired. How about MMA where the next round starts in the same position? That's how, What I've been saying.


How hard is that? I've Been saying that. How hard is that? Not a bad idea. If you, if you, if the round you're in the mount Round. Round starts minute in the why would Knockouts all the time Knocks. Why would you give the striker the advantage of standing up? Why? Because you never earned it. Because you were on your back at the end of the round of Percentage of knockouts. Everybody grew up watching Bruce Lee Fights. That's so stupid. Because it should, it's one fight. It's not five fights, it's one fight. So each round should start with the last one left top. The the problem is, because if you have jitsu guys, you can get finishes. Especially if he's in the mount. That makes sense. But then with predominantly grappling UFC now dominating those guys just start and guard and you get fucking 25 minutes of this dude.


What about, what about boring ass striking that that happens too? There's boring guard work, but there's boring striking for sure. Why? I think, I mean it's, it's, it's a brainer. They don't want either. They don't want either. But you're sure as fuck not gonna get a finish of you. We start on the ground. What? What? The finish rates going to go way, way down. No, I don't think that's true. That's not true. Goes guys would be smothered ground and pound finishes would go way up. Sure. Jamie, bring up how many submissions compared to how many TKOs or knockouts in the ooc. It's not even slope, but we're talking implementing a whole different set of rules When you constantly have standups and then each round starts standing up. Of course it's gonna be more. Of Course it makes the U ffc grappler heavy and they want striking. That's the last thing they want.


You have lower, you Want what? Whatever happens, happens. Like this is the last, it shouldn't favor either side. Well It's business though, Eddie. Now That they have different gloves. What, What are not, Are you talking about business? You wanna talk about business? Let's business. Okay. When the UFC blew up, did it blow up for the striking or did it blow up for the grapple striking Step? Step bought one. Hold on, hold on, hold On, hold on hold. Lemme finish this. I gotta finish this, please. How old are you? He's 30. I'm I'm 22. How Old were you in 1994? I would've been 11. Exactly. So what I'm saying is the UFC exploded in UFC two. The ufc No, no. UFC exploded off al in fighter one. Dude, Listen, listen, relax.


In U FFC two, it was fucking huge. Not Even close to what it was, right? No, no, no, no, no, no. What I You don't, you weren't even alive, Don. No, I I'm sure you were alive. You're saying burst the scene. You Okay? You were, you were 11. Okay, let me, let me, let me help you out. UFC two exploded. Define Exploded. It changed The world and then it went underground. Once they pulled it from cable And it went underground. You got into it when it was underground, but it was huge. There was billboards in fucking Hollywood. Sure. For the UFC, he was still upset. So it was giant. You know Eddie, You know what? It wasn't because of the striking, we always had striking it. Wasn already kickboxing it. Wasn mo tie it. Wasn boxing. We already had striking the U-F-U-F-C two blew up through the stratosphere Because you were 11 Because of the grappling.


Sure. They were like, what the fuck is this this 'cause of the submission because Of the the submission. We already had boxing. Yeah. We already had kickboxing. It wasn't doing shit. Boxing was big, but kickboxing wasn't doing shit. Danny Arm triangle two exploded because of the grappling. And then it went underground when it was too big. UFC five. It wasn billboards on sunset. When hoist fought Ken Shamrock it wasn massive. Yeah, but Eddie and then they, they pulled the plug on it. UFC got canceled. I know. The U us Hold on. Relax. Government came after it. The UC got canceled. He like, no, No. I'm finish. Lemme just finish. Go ahead. The UFC got the, the plug pulled on it. Yes. And it went underground. Yep. They thought it was dead for five years. And then the ferus came in and then it wasn the resurgence.


But it was already massive. Nowhere near is what It was. Can I just say one thing? It was massive talk UF Hold on. UFC two changed the world. Yes, Eddie, you gotta let other people talk To. Yes. But it was still something, it wasn niche like most people and like most of the like casuals had no idea about, they called it human cock fighting and they didn't watch it. Remember? It was, that's how it got canceled. No, but what I'm saying is you had to rent it at the store the way you'd rent a porn back then. And it was, it was Like, It was considered barbaric through all these things. So the people that love fighting young Men, triangle again, triangle. We all Watched it, but not other people, You know. And it wasn't Big. It was huge. It was massive. Not businesswise. It was not businesswise. Yo Got, that's why it, that's why it got canceled. Yeah, I know. It was huge.


Massive. Listen, you, You're, you're both correct. That's What I'm saying. We're both The UFC did not exist before 93. When 93 came along and the UFC burst onto the scene. Everybody heard about the UFC. It wasn the, the big initial explosion. And it was 'cause of hoist crazy. Correct. Massive. Because this guy, It wasn was massive. It was worldwide submitting people billboards. No Schools had more of an explosion of participants than Brazilian jut Schools. Of course the nineties even close, but it still wasn't mainstream. Then John McCain came in and they fucking cu caught fighting. The UFC got canceled. They got pulled from cable. All I'm saying is it wasn main? That's why it went underground. It wasn't mainstream. So If you get into the UFC in the early two thousands. Oh, the Titas blew it up.


Yes they did. But it was the resurgence. It was already blown up. Right. Got canceled. It wasn't making money for Eddie. No. And it wasn't mainstream Eddie. It still wasn't mainstream. Okay. Alright. It wasn't, it wasn't mainstream. Now it's mainstream. It was mainstream doc. Yeah. It wasn not, But it was with us Eddie. But if you went up to like a regular guy in a store and said, do You know about the ultimate fighting championship? There's a high likelihood they wouldn't know. Correct. If you go in there today, everybody knows. Yes. Sure as fuck. No. When did Actually hit mainstream status? 2005. Yeah. It wasn UFC one 19 step 1995 too. When, when hoist fought Ken Shamrock changed martial arts. It was massive. It changed martial arts for It was massive. Stephan Bonner, I think he got a lot of pay-per-view too. I think like a million.


Dude. It was massive hoist versus Ken Shamrock super fight. They went 30 minutes. Oh yeah. That shit. Was it Wasn 1995. Nowhere near to what they are. Not even close. It wasn't, it wasn't. But it was for us. Like for us it was a new thing. And that's great for you guys. It was huge. No, it For us as far as But but as far as a business goes. Correct. If it wasn his wife, listen, if it wasn't huge, it wasn. Why is Connor the biggest star in the world? 'cause grappler no Strike. No. Well, Why Is his the outside? So it is exciting. What's exciting? Submissions are exciting. Finishes are exciting. There has lost a lot of it. Or one rather, a lot of his fights by submission. But Every big fighter really, How come mu tie is in the biggest World's huge of Striking world.


Why? Hey, who won this fight? We don't even know. Exactly. Not very excited. But, but Eddie. Eddie, it's, you get huge in the game. Elbows Strike right? Isn't mu tie the biggest sports? They don't have any stars. There's, that's not true. One FFC is doing a really good job with it, but I really think they need an, an American promotion that's similar to one FC that's willing to have. Just look everybody. If you just want striking, you can get the best kickboxers in the fucking world to just have a fight in the cage, then make gloves on when Jim shit does that. Exactly. And it's great. But, and I think, You know, the UFC has instead of slap fight, maybe that's the way to go. Like this is an opportunity to have just like, have standup only rules. Yeah. Standup only rules are, if you really wanna see the wildest kickboxing in the world, it's not in the UFC.


There's great fights in the UFC, but the wildest kickboxing is in Muay Hai. Yeah. But, but Alex Pierre came from that background. Glory world champion Izzy and Was Before, of course. Course. And they're champions, of course. Yeah. Oh yeah. The threat, How to doji other stuff Is what makes it big striking with the threat of Juujitsu. Agree a hundred percent. You have have, I'm a hundred percent with you, Eddie. Glory would be the biggest thing in the world. Agree. Mu Thai would be huge. Mu s not Why is That? It should be huge. It's the same reason why the UFC almost wasn't huge. You need a titas. You need someone to come along that has business, A large amount of money that understands business. Look, they were $40 million in the hole when they did UFC Ultimate Fighter one. Wow.


40 million. Yeah. And they were like, look, we can't, there was one point in time where they had a phone call and the Titas got on the phone with Dana and they said, we're gonna sell it, let's sell it. And then Dana got a call from, and then the next morning they changed their mind. They said, fuck it. Ride till the wheels fall off. Let's, let's fund this ultimate fighter. And it was the craziest Hail Mary of all time. And Stephan Bonner and Forrest Griffin in the finals had the craziest fight and everybody tuned in, like Spike. Millions of people were calling their friends saying, there's the wildest fucking fight. These guys are fighting in a cage on Spike tv. It wasn a crazy fight. And it boom, the, the whole sport blew up. And then c cho lidell. And then, You know, there's the sport just exploded from there.


But if Muay Thai doesn't have a titas, you're not gonna get that. You're not gonna get all the stories, all the, the, You know, this guy Building stars. Yeah. All The d the narrative. You're just gonna see scale. You Don think shot's kind of like a fertita. Yes, he is. And he's doing a great job doing that exact thing in one ffc amazing. As well as including Juujitsu. But it, for whatever reason, it's not that popular in America. It's just not, it's just, I mean, it does really well in Asia. I don't know anybody outside of hardcore fans that's watching one fc. It's not like my friends who are like a carpenter calls me up. Hey, you watching one FC tonight? Like, it's not a thing. N Not in America, outside of America. Their views are higher than UFC, like in Asian and shit.


Massive, huge, Massive. And they get big crowds and huge, they have great fights too. There's, there's some growth stamp Fair tech like dance. I'm All for, for more fights. I'm all for more different ways of doing it. And I prefer their way of doing it. Where you have a bunch of different, like you can have a standup mohai fight where you're in a cage with little MMA gloves. Well, Jem J has that. Then they have straight grappling. Like Mikey Eshi was one of the main events underneath the Brothers Bru Brothers dude are so good. It's scary. I can't believe how good they're who I've watching the Bru Brothers after we had 'em in the po they're Yeah, they're so ridiculous. They're So, It Cade Roulo versus Andrew Tackett and ICJ? I think so. Yes. Yeah. People are calling that the, the, the most exciting juujitsu match.


And it didn't even have a finish. Okay. The most exciting Juujitsu match. And it didn't even have It's violent. Insane. Violent. It's violent dude. Now both of those guys, Cade Rutolo and Andrew Tackett, both are combat Jiujitsu world's champions. Imagine them that fight with fucking strikes. That'd be dope. Although it's a different thing. Right? I, I, I I DMD Shari and said, yo do that in one. They both are champions in combat. Jiujitsu. They're both into it. Cade even does MMA I'm imagine Jit Andrew Tackett versus Cade Ruo with fucking Strikes dog. What, what's Combat Jitsu? That would be fucking huge. What is the difference? Combat Jit. Combat Juujitsu is juujitsu with strikes. Okay. With hand punching or No, no, just palm strikes. Palm Strikes. So it's Like, It it's like a pancrease.


Yep. You can fuck somebody up with your palms. Do we have knockouts and fucking feel this? We have knockouts and TKOs all the time. Now try to do that with your knuckles. I know. Try to do that with your knuckles. It's gonna hurt. Ow. And you're not gonna break your hand like that. Ow that hurts. Ow. You could, you could hit someone pretty fucking hard possibly While we have a little time. Can can, can I do one little plug? Yeah, of course. Juujitsu overdose is my attempt to do like Juujitsu Coachella. Like a Coachella ji. This is the Mexico thing. And Can Cancun in December we're having Juujitsu overdose. I'm having all my shows Combat Juujitsu Worlds EBI Medusa, which is Female Combat Jiujitsu and Combat Juujitsu Mexico every night a different show. And during the day, a seminar, Jean Jacques Machado, this is it right here.


Combat Juujitsu Worlds. EBI Medusa. You stand Up there. You told me to do that all Day. But you, but you declined. But when is it, it's also So I on shit. It's too late dog. It's too late. You had your chance, but this is it right here. I had a kid. This is it. Juujitsu overdose. It's every night a, a different juujitsu show during the day. A different seminar. That's dope. And then at night comedian's, the Do jiujitsu, Sam Tripoli shingle bling. We're having. I asked you, but you were like, your manager said it's not enough money. That's not bad. I didn't pay you enough. I'm gonna do it too cheap. Done it for free. I never do it for 20. I've done it for free. Whatcha talking about? I didn't charge you at all. I just, I think I'm gonna be In Denver and it's gonna be a planet Hollywood.


You think you're gonna be in Denver? You don't know where you're gonna be. What's The date it's gonna be? What's gonna the date? It's December 11th. I'll be in Denver through December 16th. I mean, comedy works. It's, you go to jiujitsu overdose.com, reserve your, it's gonna be a planet Hollywood all inclusive free. That means free food. Free drinks. You get to watch Juujitsu every night. A seminar every day and, and comedy every night. My goal was to create the ultimate Juujitsu experience. It wasn my goal coach. Goal Coach for Juujitsu. Coachella. For Juujitsu. Right. Dude, You're crushing, man. It's a good idea. I Like It, bro. Proud of you, brother. It's, I'm gonna, I'm gonna do it every Oh Jesus. Every December. This is the first one. We're gonna do it every December. Every night. And You know what, what what fucking proved that shit for me. PGF. They do ju it's a, it's a, it's coming in November.


Same thing. A jujitsu show every night for five nights. Bro. Dude, I ref that shit. What a good time. It was so much. It was the, it was the only vacation I ever took where I could have stayed another week. Every vacation I've ever taken, I couldn't wait to get fucking home. I would change flights. I wonder if I like, I like tonight, I'm like supposed to leave tomorrow. I wanna leave tonight. You know what I mean? I'm trying to change my flight for tonight. Every vacation I've ever been on, I was in Hawaii with my family. And my wife goes, we changed. We were supposed to leave Saturday afternoon. And it's like Friday afternoon. She goes, I changed the flight for tonight. She didn't say, you're gonna be mad, I'm sorry, but we have to leave. She already knew. She goes and she goes, I changed the flight for a man.


I'm like, fuck yeah. Let's get the fuck out of Oahu. You know, get the fuck outta here. You know, I'm done with this shit. Wakiki Beach. Okay, I get it. We went, we, we went out on a boat. We went out on a boat to go look at Buck. Do you talk about this on stage? No. Write it down. Write for real It down. Eddie, write for real. For real, for real. I don't Even know where, how to start That. About Vacation Started. You hate vacations. Yo, yo, yo Percent. Dude, we went, we went on. Okay, get it. We're gonna go see fucking sea turtles like a mile out of the ocean. Yeah. I saw Jaws one, two, and three when they came out. Dog bro. Jaws three and 3D that fucked me up.


They gave me PTSD for the ocean. But my son wanted to go fucking deep sea diving for fucking turtles. Yo, I fucking had to suck it up. I'm like, these kids are doing it. You could do it. You could do it. These fucking kids are doing, there was a bunch of kids. I jumped in the ocean. You jumped in the ocean. Ocean doc in the, oh, all I kept thinking about was jaw three and 3D You night. I won't do that shit. Dun dumb. I'm not into that shit. Tim Kennedy. I'm Not into that shit. Yeah, of course he did. I'm Not trying to go in the fucking ocean. Tim Is like, you're going swimming. I, He knows what I know you deserve it. Fuck. He deserved it all. Jake Shields in that water. And Then I tried to wrestle with him on the beach too. It didn't go well. Yeah, Good move. Why don't you wrestle Tim Kennedy. But The point was Legitimate psychopath.


Oh my God. The Point was jitsu black belt world champion. Good luck forces, special forces. One, the toughest man ever that's ever walked on earth. Don't you go hunting with campaigns? He's Fucking, he was in the fucking water for an hour with no wetsuit. Course he does, dude. And he wasn't cold. I was in a wetsuit 15 minutes. I was like this Who They're not type for of dude to find out how, how long do you have to be in the water till you're dead. Yeah. Right. And then five minutes before that he gets out. Yeah. Yeah. You story about Him where he swam. He decided, You know, Oh yeah. He almost committ suicide Kind of just swam all the way out. And the fog was so thick. He sw heavy for like three hours. He was having trouble moving his legs. And that's the Morrow Bay where it's a great white breeding ground. And he's there, You know, in the dawn he's out there, a woman saw him get completely naked and get in the water.


What? Yep. Yeah. And so she's like, something's not right. And he just kept swimming. He's like two miles out in the middle of the ocean. And he's naked. Why naked? Because He Fuck it. He was like, fuck it, I'm, if you're gonna die, that's the way to die Naked. So, so he can't feel his legs. He's just out there, Cold Water. And it fucking, and and the coast guard comes up and they go, what are you doing out here in the drink? And he goes, he, he starts rattling off his life story. He goes, I fucking got a girl pregnant. I got another girl pregnant. I'm all fucked up my whole life. I I, I got kicked out of the police force out of the, You know, fucking fire department. My life's a mess. And that guy goes, okay, you want, you wanna sit out here and the drink or you want to come on board? And he goes, I don't know. You know Tim? And he goes, and the guy goes, he looks at me, he goes, your dick looks tiny in this water.


And And it made Tim so mad that he was like, get the fuck off me. And he climbed up on there and he put a blanket around him and stuff. That's a smart dude. He knows how to get to him, man. Tim's the one who got me working out again. Got me sober. Yeah. Tim's the best. Oh really? Yeah. Fuck no shit. That's awesome. I love Tim. I'm going hunting with him two days from now. What are you guys hunting? Deer and partridge and pheasant. Oh, where at? In London. Anytime you wanna come out. Oh, really? In London. Huh? So is that road deer Dude? Yeah. We They do dogs to fetch the partridges and shit. We, yeah, we Phe dogs Pheasants. They, they drive the pheasants and the, and the partridge. We It's murder in the sky. Fucking murder In the sky. Pheasants are a weird one. Yeah. You know, pheasants are a wild bird, but not really.


Right. Like pheasants. Pheasants are a weird one. You know, they do, they have these, some places where they do a canned hunt. And this is when Dick Cheney shot his friend in the face. That's right. Oh yeah. So it was a canned hunt, dude. They just have these boxes of birds and they open them up and the birds fly. And these old drunk dudes just start blowing out. Scott, that's it's kind. Lame. Boom. Yep. Boom. That's kind low. It's the lamest the fuck. But we should we shoot La Jack thing of all time. Yeah. Listening to You Luke Bryant, when you guys talk about hunting, I've never been into hunting. I was like, damn, I kinda wanna go hunting. Oh, it's so fun. That kind of hunting is the kind of hunting that he does. And the kind of hunting that I do for sure I do. We most, almost all, like my hunts are mountain hunts.


You ever seen a monk Jack? You see how small they're What's a monk jack? So It's a deer. And it's literally a full grown one is about mustard. Oh, I can't shoot that. It's delicious. Nah, why would trying shoot em man? Cute. Because they're really hot. Aw, look. Little sweetie. But They're so Good. Look at those sweetie. I'd shoot it, Man. We eat it. I They're really elusive. I'm lying. I would eat it. And especially if it's the only thing you could hunt. Yep. And Robuck. Oh, that's A baby. Don't get you the baby. Come on you piece of shit. You Get the baby, bro. You know what's the easiest to hunt, man? You know what's come's the easiest to hunt pigs. When you hunt wild pigs. It's like you're hunting orcs. They're making these crazy noise. It's easy to kill you there. No, There's no So check. There's none. You see they're tusks and you see the they covering dirty.


Exactly. And They look at you on, my boy owns that. Yeah. My boy owns a truffle farm in, in Italy. Right. And they used to hunt. Well they used to look for truffles with pigs. Right. You know why they do it? They don't do it anymore. They use dogs now. And I was like, why? And he goes, oh. Because the problem is, before we had pointers, a pig, if you're a truffle farmer, 100% you're losing your fingers Like It is. Like every truffle farmer's like, Hey, how you doing? Nice to meet you. They're All missing pig Because you trying to get the pig outta the way and then you just bite. Yeah. Because a white one way truffle can cost $6,000. Right. So you'll you're getting that truffle, that's gold. Right. And the pig will eat. And the pig, you're not getting the pig off that truffle rack. So don't eat your fingers. They will fucking chew right through your fingers. They'll Fight the thing around.


Yeah. They eat people all the time. All the, I think it's one of the number one ways people die on farms. They fall into a pigpen. Yes. Like a old guy. Have a heart attack, fall into a pig pen. Yep. They just devours it. And It all depends on how rid you treat the pigs Though. I don't think so. That Regenerative farm that I was at, it wasn a bunch of pigs and we hung out with the pigs like dogs. No, No, no. About wild like dogs. That's fine. They were like, I Was like, they're gonna kill these pigs. I think there's an argument for that because if you're in a cage and then the food falls into the cage, like anything on the ground, it's probably food to them. Yeah. It's just meat on the ground. Yeah. And probably they hate their life 'cause they're in a fucking cage. Yeah. It was first time I ever saw pigs on a farm. And they fucking, it's true. They love like mud puddles.


Oh yeah. They get, they they sub they get shit. Dude, they love mud puddles. Dude. Dude. I'm like, damn. I thought it wasn like cartoon Shit rack is a really good fight. Crazy. It is a great, the only thing is like rackets looked really good against Yie for sure. But Yie just would not stop coming after him. Yeah. Would not stop coming. And eventually got him. Yeah. So you gotta wonder like good experience for him. It is a tough fight For Aunt Goliath. Well I'm, It is a tough fight for both guys. For both of them. Hank Goliath's a fucking beast. That guy is not getting his due for whatever reason. For whatever reason. The, the draw, right. The draw kind of fucked him a little bit. He had with with Jan. But you can't fault him for two of the best guys in the world fighting their heart out and coming to a draw.


I've Never heard of this guy. They do Because it wasn't the most exciting fight. So they move On. It wasn't the most exciting fight because they're both so good. No, I'm with you Josh. See, I don't like teetering to casuals. This is why I'm down with Eddie's idea. And I have the exact same idea. If you tell me open about keeping the fight going at the, at the next round. If you are in the mount, keep it going. I don't think anybody should ever get stood up ever for any reason. Other a Foul. Of course. Then why Exactly watch boxing. Go watch boxing. Exactly. They they keep 'em on their feet if you like. Look, Look, if there's a foul Boxing, they never go to the ground. They never go, go watch boxing. If a guy's on top of you and he gouges your eye and there's a foul and they take a point away, fuck yeah.


Stand him up. If you're gonna let him keep fighting. Yeah. Or if you're gonna disqualify him. Disqualify him. Yeah. This, this, like one of the craziest ones you remember, what's that girl's name? Priscilla. Kra. She was getting choked and I think it was, was it Jillian Murphy that, that got her? I forget who was I, I find out who that is, where she put her. She stuck her thumb into her eyeball. What did it take? It's Horrible. That's what Paul Harris did to Jake Shields. But watch this fucking well Paul Harris like held onto, he gouged a bunch of people. Bad guy, bad guy. But he also held onto Jake's Kimora. He got him into Kimora and didn't let go. Bad person. Yeah. Paul Heiser was known for hanging on to stuff. Bad guy. And then Nate, Mark Hart beat the shit out Of him. Yeah. Can you show me that, Jamie?


I had a, I I did know how to spell her name on second Dude. How did you remember her fucking last name? Don. You were like, Because I commented that fight and I was horrified. Yeah. Like, I was like, that girl should not, No one even knows how to spell it. She should not be fighting And to, to defend your take on and Goliath too about him. You know, not being the most exciting. You realize I was listening to, he only shoots once every 15 minutes On I Yes. So we're all like, oh, he is this grappler all he does wrestle. No, not really. Well He started shooting on Yuri. 'cause Yuri, or excuse me, yawn. He started shooting on yawn. 'cause yawn fucked his legs up. So here it is. So look at that. That's Jillian. Jillian Robertson. Jillian Robertson. Oh, Robertson. There you go. Jillian Robertson has her in.


She's been on the podcast. She's cool. Look at this. Look at in the eyeball, bro. Whoa. In the eyeball. That's Not right. Fight or flight there. But that doesn't matter. You can't ever do that. No. You can't ever do that. It's Frowned upon That. But that is a, that's such a dangerous foul. That's not even like a kick in the nuts foul. No, that's a s You could ruin someone's eyes forever. Did I forget how did, did they notice it? Did they stand up? I Remember. Don't, she's fought since they forget. But Aunt Clive, the whole narrative on him being like, oh, just a grapple born guy. Not really, man. Most of his stuff's drawn on the feet. Yeah. He's A very good striker. Well, And It all depends on how you look at that stat. If he say he only takes people down one time every like 50, 50 minutes, maybe he takes 'em down and keeps them down for a long time.


Sure. So you gotta factor the Well he's only lost one time other than the draw. And it wasn to Paul Craig. Paul Craig caught him in a triangle. Triangle like the last second of the round. He was winning the entire fight. Then Paul Craig, the triangle, Paul Craig got great. Jiujitsu has phenomenal. Yeah, I love That. Jitsu triangle is So It Signed Bo Niels. I'm so excited. I'm very excited for that dude. What? And at 180 5 damn team Bo Dropped down to 85. He's huge for 85 He Was fighting 2 0 5. Yes. Oh, I Didn't know that. Bo Nickel dude. Don't you remember what he did to Jamal? I don't remember. He fucked his arm up. Remember? He broke his arm. Yeah. I'm not like you before Jamal the champion Remembering everything from the UFC. You guys are retarded.


Remember? You guys know everything. It's literally my job, dude. I wish Jesus, Jesus Christ. That's one of my jobs. That's kind my Intent. Yeah. We will both have jobs. You guys need to have like a separate MMA show Man, Joe. It wasn way more than I do. The UFC is like the only thing that I have ever done that doesn't feel like a job. That's an actual job. Like I, I get a check, I can't get Enough. But it's about remembering shit. Like I put on shows like EBII, I was the ref for all those fights. I don't remember any of, I was standing right there and people were like, dude, you reed my fight. I'm like, who are you? Like, do I know you? You Yeah dude. Oh no, no. I, I suffer. I Don't remember shit. I suffer from that too. But You know what that is right? You gotta see it Again. You, you, you gotta see 'em over and over.


So I what I wanna know, when do you guys, what at night or in the morning? Do you guys review fights? It's all I listen to. It's all I consume. No, But like at night, like before You go to bed, I watch if I watch fights, it's purely for entertainment. Unless it's getting ready for an event. Like getting ready for event. So when you get ready For an event, what do you do? What's, What's there's like, say there's some cat on the car that I haven't seen fight before. Okay, I'll, I'll go search his name on YouTube and watch all the fights. Then I'll watch like yeah, I'll watch LFA fights. You take the notes. No, I do it in my head. Mostly in my head. It's Incredible how you guys like, I like when you guys start going off YouTube. I don't even want to jump in. I'm like, I don't know shit. Like, I don't remember anything From the, from the Ufc. Well bro, but I have so many friends that are like, they know all these things about sports.


I don't know who anybody is unless they marry someone famous. Like I don't know who anybody is unless they get arrested. So it, someone has to do something. That's why I was surprised. I saw you at the, the Texas game. I had a great time. It was dope. But my wife is a big football fan. You don't watch any football. And Hench Cliff's a big football fan and so is Ron White. Longhorn. Yeah, it's bro, the, the excitement. Oh, here we go. The excitement of being at a giant college football game is fucking wild. There's nothing, there's nothing Like It, brother. It was Awesome. The energy is awesome. See, I think Ract can get it done even though he is on two fight losing skid. It, it's still a tough fucking fight for Goliath. You never can count guys out when they're on skids. Look s You know, look at Charles ARMRA. Remember when Charles ARMRA was on that skid? Yeah. And then all of a, a sudden what's He was losing a look at Max Hollow the way Yeah.


And then all, well Max it was just Alexander Koski, but still Kinski just had his number and that's Koski in the peak of his performance. I didn't know If, but I didn't even know if he had his number. It wasn, those fights were so close it Could have That third one. He made It clear. The second one I thought Max won. Honestly. Me too. Yeah, me too. But Koski in the third one ran away with it. And that's when a lot of people start thinking that the best days of Max are behind him. But that's also Max not sparring. Which is really interesting because then you see Max gets ready for the gate, she fight and he starts sparring again. And then you see this fucking Motherfuckers Out different Max Dude. But it was even before that. Korean zombie was before that. Yep. Yep.


Look, max is a monster man. And he's not old. He's 32. Like he's still in the Peak is 30. It's not like they're young kids. Yeah, exactly. Look at Alex Re he's 37. He's smart though. 'cause he knows the, the, the, You know, the clocks kick ticking. So he's trying to just monetize it. Just, but The thing is like, what do you'll fight him? I'll fight him. Think people were thinking and I was probably guilty of it myself that that that Justin Gaje fight was scary to me because Like It Damn Gaje iss so big. Oh bro. So I'm on record going max y Why? Please don't do this. I was worried about it. Me too. That one. But you see his performance and you're like, oh, oh, oh, we gotta re-calculate and recalibrate.


And remember Max, like when he beat up Calvin Caterer, we gotta remember Max when he was piecing up Jose Aldo like, there's twice Bubba. Yeah bro. He's War with Dustin Poer. Yeah. Well, I mean, well no, no. Dustin Poer piece him. That's a bad one. Dustin peaced him up. Hey, In regards to Spark still war dude. And regardless of It, wasn not a war. It wasn not a war. Dan Hooker and Dustin Poer was a War Max Holloway and Dustin Poer was Dustin Poer. It wasn tough to watch running away with it. But Dustin got tagged up. He's still No, no, No. Even said I left a piece of myself In there. No, no. You're thinking of a different fight. You left a piece of Yourself In there, Dustin. I bet it wasn Dan Hooker you're thinking about. Yeah. D Dustin fucked him up. It was rough to Watch that Dan Hooker fight was bananas. Yes. Dustin and Dan Hooker went to war.


It was just back and forth. There's a video of it with no commentary on YouTube and you watch it and you go Jesus. 'cause it's at the apex and you're just hearing Rip, rip, rip, Rip. But there those guys dd it out. Dustin just Squeaked, squeaked By with that one dude. How, how about, how about Hook close fight? How about Hooker Connor? That, is that real though? Well, Connor Hooker said it's real, but Dana's like, I don't look This bro. This is no commentary. Listen to this shit. It's cra it's just brutal Fucking Slang.


I know. Striking fight. This is crazy. This Yeah. Look how big rack is, dude that back, Come on strike striking in regards to sparring striking. I I really no expert in striking when you, you're training for a fight and when sparring, but in grappling, if you are nuts, if you're gonna do Abu Dhabi, if you're gonna do a DCC, you're gonna do EBI come. If you are not fucking sparring with the hardest guys you can find every day You ain ready, you have no chance in grappling, you have no chance. You're not sparring. You're, you have no chance. I think you're spot on it. That's a fucking fact striking. I don't know Because It No, no, you right. It's different. You're people are, What they're trying to do is minimize the biggest threat damage, which is head injuries.


You can't, You can't. So in striking, I get it. If you don't spar, you just drill. But in grappling you have no shot. You Know, zero. You don't, you don't see striking either really? 'cause it's like being a firefighter and not, You know, training in hot environment. Well, You know, you have To have have to, you Have to. What the Dutch guys do is they don't go hard to the head. So they go real hard to the legs and to the body and they pull punches to the face. Don't moay Thai guys do the same thing when they train Moay. Thai guys do the opposite. They play go hard. No, no, no, no, no. They play moay Hai guys and Thailand. 'cause they fight every week. Right. So you can't afford to be all fucked up. You're watch more. They spar Is actually Fighting. They're well when they, yeah, correct. They have hundred of fights. They do spar, but when they spar they spar like a lot of times no pads.


But they don't need to. Right Joe? 'cause they're, they're, they have so many fights. It's unlike this have so many fights. Who Are the Guys in UFC history? Whos sparred striking the hardest? Vander Lane Van and Silva Verdo. Oh yeah, they sparred hard, right? Shane Carwin, Me and Shane Carwin. Oh, you guys, Yeah. You wanna see some real sparring, watch some of those guys, some of those boxers like some of those Mexican boxers. Oh yeah. Strickland, Spars all the time. Striking all the time. Strickland's number one. He's number one. He spars more than he does anything they say. Yeah, Strickland. And look how calm he is in the third, fourth, and fifth rounds because he's so, because he's doing it. That kind of cardio is a different kind of cardio. The constant. And you've seen the way Strickland spars melts people. He basically fights. Yeah, he fights people.


Especially if you start Mel, you got spar. You gotta spar. S you got, You know who sparred hard as fuck was tj? Dha. Oh yeah. Really sad. Oh, All those alpha male guys. Yeah, tj. And even, even fucking, can you imagine you're trying to win Mentality. Can You imagine to win a wrestling championship and you're not s sparring. It's impossible. Impossible. Yeah. Impossible. Impossible. But I think guys, were just trying to figure how to minimize getting head trauma in Practice. There's a way to do it. You gotta spar with people who you trust. Oh, it's tough when they tough it is. It is tough. I, I Don't, I don't think you can come out unscathed. It's just What Up for? No, you can't, you cannot come out Onca. But you can minimize the damage if you spar with people that you trust that if they know they're gonna get you, they'll, they'll hit you with a little of that and not like full clip.


And it try to out tough to find You guys. I watched that. Better be, it's very hard. That better be Bival fight. And even when Bival had his hands up, he would get hit in the gloves and his, his spine would still, still take the Reverberations. It wasn a very interesting fight. It was, it's so, such an interesting boxing match between these, like the Russian style of amateur boxing Yeah. Is so sophisticated. Just like the wrestling program. So sophisticated. And to see those two tacticians, incredible and better be might be the scariest fucking dude ever fought a light heavyweight. Jesus. He's a monster. And he's 39. Yeah, 39. And storming the gates in the fucking 10th, 11th, and 12th rounds. Oh, incredible. Yuval was getting in trouble in the, in the latter half of the fight.


B Brendan. You're right man. Uncle i's first thought. It's just a strike. Man isn't, Yeah. Yeah. So the narrative of him being like this, You know, boring grappler, striker doesn't get a title shot. You're like, eh, if you look at the stats, he's actually more of a striker Trying to with he said he wanted a stand with Pereira. He said, Pereira doesn't have a chin. Said that's A bad idea. Fucking fun for us. Whatcha talking about, oh, Take my shut up Brendan. You're ruining everything. He ruined the Kamala thing. Ruined, ruined the Kamala thing. And now You ruin this. Doing this. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm off my game, Bro. Yeah. I'm a big fan of UNC Alive. I think he got a real raw deal. I think the Yobe Hovi fight is not his fault. It was a great fight. And I thought he did what he had to do to win. He took him to the ground because his fucking leg was gone. What do you wanna do? Get a concussion.


But I also get From Dana White in the UFC, it's like, he got a shot. Let's keep going. You know, these guys have similar Styles. Don't, man, I think you gotta be a purist. Yeah. I think the best guys have to fight the best guys. Period. And that's one of the fucking best guys for sure. Fact agree. Hundred percent. The fact that he's not always in the conversation of who to fight next for the title. But he's been talking and now Pereira is mad at him. So Pereira is telling him like he's gotta have to wait. Yeah. The UFCA force you Guys have very similar, But so far he is losing this fight. Yeah. He lost With first round. If you don't, if you make Pereira angry, you have a real problem on your hands. He's terrified. He's the most terrifying guy ever in the sport. How heat by the, he's enormous. But it's the skill man. It's the skill. Correct. Standing right there.


Also did what he did to Khalil. Oh my God. He was right in His face. He kept just moving The right in his face. You're like sliding away from punches and landing thudding Bos, did you hear what Mark Otter told me? He never heard a sound like that. Right? He said he ungodly like 20 Years of refereeing fights. Terrible, terrible Mark Guard impression. I didn't mind it. Wasn. It was ungodly. Ungodly the sound. Ungodly ly. He, he made sure he came over to me to tell me that like with this look in his eyes like it's ungodly. I heard it. I was cage sad. It was fucking crazy last bro. He hit so Hard. Pierre's a special Dude, man. He's built different man. Yeah. I'm telling you. There's something different. You see his sister too? Like god damn. Yeah. She's got the same skills as him, man. Yeah. That left Hook K's and Karate Combat. She's fucking nasty.


I hope she gets signed to the U ffc too. That would be crazy. The the Pereira sister wins the title and he wins title co event. What if it's the same way? What if she storms the gates too and just starts fucking lighting people up On fire? Oh, speaking of women's Tatiana. Suarez is out again. She's injured. Ah, She's been injured so many times. I know that. Poor girl. She's so good. She's 30 now too. I Know. She's so good. Dude. It's a bummer. People keep forgetting about her. They shouldn't. Tatiana's only one of the best female wrestlers to ever compete in this sport. Man. She's so dominant. Yeah, That sucks. They keep getting hurt. Look at, I mean, we were talking about T Oh, it wasn a nice left hand. It wasn left hand. Oh, he just caught him. TJ Haw. TJ DHA got ruined because of injuries. Man. He, You know why? 'cause he went so fucking hard.


And it, you wanna talk about Kobe mentality in MMA? Nothing close. Well, If you get an inch on him, he would, he'd He would with one leg. Remember that dude? Somebody would get something on him in, in training And it literally, he was like a, he couldn't just let it go. He said his whole family was like that. They would race on the way home. He gets all first Savage. So intense. Yeah. He said his family is like super, super competitive. He's a great dude, Man. He's crushing, his supplements are good. Is it really? Yeah. I just saw him. I'm happy for him. I keep seeing him try to rehabilitate. Supplements is good. What does that mean? Makes supplements. Supplements. Now he has like protein powder, like healthy protein powders. Doesn't everybody? No. Well he's just saying Eddie, that his business is doing Well. Oh, I'm saying like, it's his, he owns it.


It's his Business. Oh, it's his business? Yeah. Okay. I thought you meant he Sent me a bunch of the protein powder's, like away. Oh, you thought he was like taking stuff? Oh no. Yeah. Like doesn't everybody take shit? No. That's hilarious. Yeah. That's hilarious. No, he has a company. He has like a, a seasoning company too. Doesn't he have like a wild game seasoning company? I think So. I think he does too. If every UFC fighter just got on like a stem cell, like, like regimen, like ever. Oh my God. Imagine Like It was just like standard. It Was a standard. If the, The score would go If, if the FDA cells, if the FDA didn't regulate it the way they do, if they just allow what the CGI is doing down in Tijuana, they allow the do C-P-C-C-P-C. What is CPCP? Cellular Performance Institute? Ed Clay. And what do you think of overall?


I just Talked to them. No, They just send people to tj CPI like, like on a regular Because it's real stem Cells. They should, but listen, Eddie, they should be able to do that in Vegas at the fucking Performance Institute. They should have it at right after the Fight. They won't allow that. They Won't allow. They should. And they will eventually. They will. Yeah. Because enough people are gonna get healed by it where they realize Like it can save people from all sorts of problems. Neurological conditions. It, it, it radically repairs tissue damage. Really soft tissue. Yes. I heard an awful lot. I just heard the, The one of the biggest fighters of all time for some reason, I'm not allowed to say his name, but one of the biggest fighters of all Time. Does his name rhyme with George Simpi? No. Yeah. No. That's what I was gonna call him.


No, no. One of the, one of bigger, way bigger than French, way bigger than that. Went to Cpi. Wait a minute. That's not even possible To went to CPI and Tijuana. And it is about to have a fight and it's gonna be, I ain't gonna say nothing. Why can't, What are doing for some reason? Tyson. Tyson Secret. Mike Tyson. How do You know? Like how would You know? Didn't say that. I didn't say that. That's the Only guy who the fuck is bigger. Bigger. Right. It's Tyson. Who's bigger than George? J Pier. Mike Tyson. So it Way bigger. That's not true. But there's nobody else Way bigger than George J Pier than Mike Tyson. No. Come on. Who? Joe Joey Re Okay, it's Mike Tyson. Good pull. It's Mike. Tyson. Joe. Does it matter where?


Didn't Say that Though. Where you shoot em in Like does work? No, you shoot em into your dick mostly. That's what I do. Yeah, you have to do you spot the, You know, wherever the injury is in your knee. So it's in your knee. They put it in your knee. They fixed Both my shoulders stay. Dude, I'm lifting like a motherfucker because of the fucking stamp. Wow. They fixed. I was gonna have surgery on this mother torn labrum surgery. And what happened? They Shot it up like a motherfucker. Dude, how about you went down to tj? Look, did You know there's a Part of tj? That's nice. Yeah, I heard. I didn't know that. I Heard, I heard you shouldn't be telling you. I thought it was all favela. Yeah, I went down there. I'm like, I feel like in, in West LA that's where all road companies were at. Like McNeil racing, all that shit. Like don't touch this Area. Round three boys.


This is heating up. It's Uncle Golia is actually connecting more. He is. It's a good fight. Yeah. It's probably one one. Oh Left hook over top. I think Uncle Golia is Actually, no. RAC won that first round. Did he? Yes. Okay. Now I have talking about stem cells, but I think you won the first, How many times have you done stem cells, Joe? Oh, dozens. Really? Yeah. I started But you're Doing the United Time ago. Started once though. It's different. Yeah, it's definitely different. There's no, no, no. I know. There's a reason Why CPIs in Tijuana because what they're doing, doc, the real Shit. They're doing some shit that 100%. It's different. And then there's also Panama, Neil Reardon's place, inama. Same. That's they're doing the similar shit. Similar shit. And then there's the other place in Columbia that's really good bio Accelerator. If they, if they allowed It in the United States, what they're doing at CPI.


They wouldn't be in tj. They're only in tj. 'cause they have to be. So What do you Get it for is example? Injuries. Not injuries. There's a lot of people that have day help help with neurological conditions. Like they're doing IV stem cells with people that have like certain neurological Hook you up. Conditions up. I could hook you up easy. I don't really, I just talked to luckily Have any problems. How are you? You have, everything's wrong with you. I'm 57. Everything You need Some stems dog. You need some stems? Is it the limp? Stop lying. Everything's wrong with How's your dick? It fine. My dick works very well. Is it good? Okay. Alright. I'm Waiting. Congratulations. Can, can they do some for Callen's hair down there? Hey man. Hey. That's the next phase. The next thing with stems is hairy growth. And fucking dick stems. Dick stems dog.


Imagine they're working on dick stems. Like it's gonna make your dick bigger and fucking stronger. Wow. I'm excited. Imagine if Bushes came back, if bushes came back. People were tired. They like shaved pussies. Oh God. Shaved balls. Oh man. So let's go out natural. Oh man. Go back to maybe it'll be like more attractive to people. Like, who else? Savage wasn't, That wasn't that thing for a while was Girls, do you shave your Boss closer to an eight Seventies and you shave your Balls? Yeah. Yeah. I go, I do now. Especially 'cause it's so much gray down there. I down to, I go down to a Brazilian wax place a Brazil. You don and I go, don't wax me. Can you trim me instead? And dude, I get trimmed my Do you they put your legs up like a baby. Everything. Damn Congrat.


They trim my whole Body. So she's a manscape. But I, I don't want Does a guy do it or a Girl do a girl doc. Poor guy Balls. It's an old Russian Is connecting on rocket. Right. An old Russian lady trims my balls. I don't think that's legal. You should probably not tell that to people online. No, no. It's legal. It's totally legal. Oh, That's another shot. He's winning this round. Oh, uncle I, uncle Case and C's kind of taken over. Well, rocket has a tendency sometimes to fade Rocket. It's a lot of muscle to, because He's so fast. A lot of muscle, A lot of fast twitch. Yep. It's so hard for those big Jack guys to keep a high pace. Yep. Oh, wrestling now Don't say that's gonna be tough. A single leg. He's no punk there. But Not a bad move is tough.


He's not doing so good in the standup. At least it slows it down a little. Yeah. But when you're down, you need to Finish. But if he Yeah, but he might be in survival mode here. Yeah. Yeah. He Got, he got tagged. The thing is, when guys know they're on slippery slopes. Yeah. And they'll take a dive in for a clinch. This is why boxers get killed more than u ffc fighters. Yeah. Correct. You know, they don't this option. You have options that can preserve you. Also, the, the whole knockdown thing and counting to 10 clearly can Cost A hundred percent. Clearly. Yeah. Especially like Francis. Yeah. Like that's crazy that they let him fight in that next round. Wild dude. And MMA would most likely be over. Yeah. Unless the clock was running Down. Someone dives on top of you. Hammer fist you a couple of times getting over.


That's why I think with Topper, I, I think we're gonna see more grappling. I think he's Grapplings now. He's so complete man. He's so complete. But he's also like super cocky. And Max is a real warrior man. He's, he's the real deal. See, I think Max has an advantage on the feet. Who knows? He's got length, that's for sure and experience. But Ilia is so fast and he's so lethal when he gets inside. So Technically good too. And every shot is so dangerous. Such a good box. Every shot can put you away the way he put away. Al I know Alex was coming off of that knockout loss to is Islam. But it was still, it was the way, the way he knocked out Ja Herbert after he got head kicked in the first round. Yeah. It's hard to see the subtleties too when you're that good.


Like where they put their feet, the, And the way and the way he survived. Ryan Hall's Juujitsu onslaught. Oh yeah. And that right there, it's like, whoa. Look what Hall's Jujitsu insane. Kenny Florian Told me he ran, he rolled with Ryan Hall and he goes, it's like rolling with fucking water. Like a wave. He like, yeah, but think, think about what Topi did to fucking Brian. Brian Mitchell. Oh yeah. Bryce Mitchell. Mitchell. Bryce. Bryce. Yeah. Yeah. He Ed. He's a savage. Yeah. Bragged All them. Rag all them. Bryce. He's dangerous. He's really fucking dangerous. What's up? Isn't Bryce mainly a Juujitsu guy? That's all he is. Bryce has got good standup man. He knocked down net and Barboza. Yeah. Remember like his standup's not that bad. It is just his juujitsu Is real. He's known for His real good.


Real good. How? How his standup's good. How Awesome is Bryce Mitchell's like persona. It's hilarious. He was, I always thought he was just a, like a farmer. Like from the get, but he's a city guy. A city guy who's grandma was a farmer. Oh. And then he'd go visit his grandma and it's like, dude, I wanna live like this. He was a city dude. Yeah. I always thought he was just a farmer. Just based on what you see on Instagram. But he became a farmer because he had his, his grandma was a farmer. You ever heard him rap? He's a no. No. Dude. Dude. He's got fucking bars. Dog. Dude. I believe it. Dude. No, he can rap. He can rap. Really? Yeah. Lia left hand I think Ilia. God. Oh This. Oof.


There might be video out there. Jamie of Bryce Mitchell rapping. I watched It this morning. Oh, did He's good. Watch it. This one. He's Good. Well check this out. There's one of Check this out. No, there's one of him. Freestyle Pasture. Fire. Fire. Perfect. Already. It's great. He could rap. Dude Kenny. He Yes. Watch. Yo, This has 413,000 views. That's A lot of views though. It's a lot. Yeah. I'm from Arkansas. The Arkansas light at the end of the tunnel. My energy's funnel. My enemy talking. They chuckle. I don't give a fuck. Ain't no need to rebuttal. They look in my eyes and they know I won't buckle. Been from the jungle.


I've been down a rumble. Gimme the microphone. I'll keep it humble and gimme the weight. And I ain't on a fumble. That's bad habit. That's Good. He's great. Jamie. Find that's good. I'll wait till Jamie Gets back. Sporadic. I ain't gonna lie. Lavish. Straight out the trailer. You like this old fuck. That's Pretty good. There's one with him, Mitchell. Yeah. He can fucking freestyle dude. He goes off. Okay. Who won this fight? Uncle, uncle, Uncle. All Day. I'm gonna go with the beard guy. Hundred percent. Uncle Live i's say, but You know, decisions are sketch. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Especially not, we've Had some, we've, we've had some decisions that were fucking What do think fucking, yeah. What Do you think is more corrupt Vegas decisions or Abu Dhabi?


S Abu Dhabi you think? Oh, all day. Really? Oh Yeah. I think they bring the same judges everywhere, man. They do. They, where are they sit? Yeah. Where do the judges Sit? You Don't think Abu Dhabi got some Muslim judges? I don't know. I mean, I don't, I don't what what the rules are. Some Places, You know that. So I know they do referees in some places. So like say if you go to a state like Kentucky for example, you have to use a certain amount of state referees, right? Yeah. And some of them are aren't really qualified to be doing a u ffc like happened in Salt Lake City. Yep. A guy, A guy got pulled from the rest of the card. He tied to ssa. Yeah, he the guy. This is a d different one in Salt Lake City recently. Do You know which one I'm talking about? With the tied to ssa? No, I with the card was, oh, it was in Australia.


Oh. The dude gave it like ten eight for Tied to ssa. He clearly lost the fight. They literally kicked him out after the fight. Oh, that's right's. Another one. The fuck outta, yeah. It wasn a judge that did that too. It wasn judge. Yeah, it wasn a good move. A judge. You gotta do that. Someone gives someone a crazy decision like that where everybody's like, shut the fuck up. But the, what I was talking about is referees. So this referee did a real, he like kept separating people. Like instantly they, they clench instantly separate 'em as soon as the crowd would boo fuck, break it up, start fighting again. And everybody's like, what are you doing? He missed a, a nut shot or an eye poke. I forgot which one it is. But they kicked that guy out. So it does happen occasionally, but I don't, they Have to be really bad Judges for the most part, I think are the same. I think they're like, are traveling judges similar?


Yeah. I think they're the, the judges they think are the good judges. You think? I think some of them are good judges. You know, some of 'em are good judges. But every now and then you get a decision where you're like, whoever the fuck thought the fight went that way. Really shouldn't be doing this at a professional level. And they don't have to take any accountability, right? Well they do. They not really, they get fired, but yeah, maybe, But it's rare. But I, in Vegas, They should have some sort of spokesman the same as the president does that comes out and they ask questions, how the fuck did you score that ten eight? And they're like, well, he said he scored it Because of this. And you go, okay, that at least makes sense. I feel like three is too little. Three opinions is not enough. I, I think Glory has four or five. I think you should have five. It's Odd, right?


Shouldn't they be Fighters didn't Have some fight experience, You know, 100%. But, and what about Where do they sit? Where do they watch the, The, well, they have to at least be practitioners, right? You know the, the like, if you don't do juujitsu, you don't know what the fuck is going on. So you don't know if it's close or not close. You don't know if a guy's fine or if a guy's in deep shit. You really don't know. You don't know what you're looking at. You are looking at it like you, it's like listening to someone speak French and you don't speak French. Like yeah, I guess they're talking, I don't know what the fuck they're saying. If you see people scrambling and you don't know what's going on and you just see two bodies whiling around can't judge it. But if you're Eddie Bravo, you see exactly what's going on. You see when a guy's in trouble and if you're judging and you can't differentiate between those two things, you have no problem.


Business judging. Yep. That's point. Wait, wait, wait. Lemme ask you. I think the point is, it's A Conspiracy. It's like, like this is the conspiracy. The people at the top, the, the, the casinos and all the betting, they want you to blame the judges and not blame them. Yeah. So they put in incompetent people. I never met A bookie with a part-time job. But where, where I think, I think incompetent judges are very important to the high level. Where Are they? Cape side. They say Cape side. They should be in, there's, there's a lot of money here too, because That's one angle. But there definitely is that. Do you remember that there was a lady that she was responsible for a couple real bad boxing decisions And it Real shady. What was that bird? No, It wasn. She's a nice lady.


Bradley fight, I think. Yes, exactly. Adela Bird? No. Adela Bird is a nice lady. Okay. She's just, no, she had to go into hiding. Okay. No martial arts experience. It's crazy. It's like me teaching flight school. Yeah. It's crazy. I've been on a plane. Fuck it. Let's go. That's Hilarious. I bird, Come on. Unfor. Nice lady. I love her. She's a sweetheart. But yeah, me and me and Dan Callier, the name, their name came up. He goes, oh, Adelaide Bird. I go, she's a nice lady. She's a wonderful lady. She's a wonderful, we were, she's a nice lady. But yeah, her decision if that, if you're a professional and you're fighting for the title and one judge sees it correctly and then she sees it wildly, incorrectly and then another judge sees it incorrectly.


Life changing. First of all, I wouldn't have them sit together. I'd never, this 1 18, 1 10 decision in favor of Canelo Adelaide Bird. Oh boy. Oh, Adelaide. She is a good girl. She's a nice lady. I would never have them sit together. She's A nice person. You just want her judge in box. It wasn the Canelo fight where it looked like Triple G beat 'em. It wasn bad. Yeah. The first fight. Triple G in my mind beat him. Nothing's more correct than Fox. What's the latest with Triple G? I know him. He's old. He's oldest, Unfortunately. Yeah. There's nothing, not one more big thing for him. No. Well, nothing. He lived playing With the idea. He lived A little, how old Does the he in his last fight? Fight. How old is he? 42. 42. Oh he's he 42. Alreadys still fighting. I think he, he's won some odd, Odd title. Yeah, he won his last one title. Yeah.


Wasn't it a title or some strange title? But It's over. Tyson fights still going on. Yeah, that's still going on. Well, You know, you were watching him get stem cells. You son of a bitch. I Didn't say that. I didn't say shit. You got caught, dude. I didn't say shit. Wasn't supposed to say nothing Eddie. He had the best. Ah, now you really said it. No, but, but I didn't say anything. Got you. I didn't say Anything. Got you. We got you son. We, We leaked it out here. We spilled the beans. But, But Eddie had the best take on that Tyson, Jake Paul thing. He was Like It. If you want get people intrigued, which nobody is. If you wanna get people intrigued, you do it bare knuckle. Yeah. You are telling me you would've be Mike Tyson. Bare knuckle would be over wall If you found out Mike Tyson was gonna punch somebody. Bare knuckle. Jesus Christ.


And it's Jake Paul. I think bare kn saves boxing. You just make it bare knuckle. Fuck the big ass pillows. Yeah. But then defense blocking. How much do you think Mike Perry versus Jake Paul would've been different. It was bare knuckle. If he weigh different, I don't know Who'd win different, but damn it is different. It would've been a bare knuckle dude. Bare knuckle cuts motherfuckers. I know. But Also, so when you're here, if somebody's hooking you and you have gloves on, this protects you. Of course. Who wants to protect? You think the audience is looking for? We're looking for protection. It's a different sport. It's not that, Brian. It hurts your We're for knockouts. It hurts your arms. If you get punched in the arms, it's fucking kills. And you break your hand easily too. Oh yeah. Look at this. Look this, this boys there.


No, it's not this boys. Look at Hamza. Do You, do you remember Ham? The ultimate player? Crazy move. Remember when Hamza was fighting Gilbert Burns and as Gilbert's walking out on The cage, top of the Waiting And then had a Fight of his life. Yes, he did. Gilbert was like, oh really? Bro, motherfucker. I'm number three in the world. Gilbert. World Gilbert in his prime. Gilbert's No joker. When Gilbert dropped him, I was like, oh shit. But Hamza's got a fart, dude. We're Him talking. Look at him talking here to I'm Kevin. No, you listened to the interview with that Brett Akimoto. And he actually sounds, he like drops the whole arrogance thing. You're like, oh, this dude's Yeah. A real one, Bro. The Kevin Holland fight was bananas. He hit the gas, like he drained the gas tank right away.


He just dove on him. Yeah. Took him down. Forced a bunch of scrambles and caught him in a dark, tougher. Kevin Holland too. Supposed to fight a striker. Literally. Right. Like Hours before he switch it down. Remember wrestling, because supposed he calms out eight. All those emotions. 'cause they got into a brawl in the fucking weighs, they get in a brawl during the winds and they like, okay, you wanna fight for real, for real. And so then all of a sudden, Kevin Hall's like Jesus Christ. Yeah. And remember I asked him, I go, is this a better five of you? He goes, fuck no, I got a hundred dollars on Whitaker right now. I'll put the money a hundred dollars on Whitaker. I I'm not a hundred dollars, a hundred dollars. I'm, I'm allowed to bet I'm gonna go with Miah. Okay. A hundred dollars. Yeah. All pull Out your a hundred dollars right now. I Don't have it. Hold on.


I'll ven I'll Venmo. I don't do Venmo. Brandon, how much does Brian owe? Fucking 24. How much does he owe you for all the losses? I don't even know these days. No, no, no. That's not true. I haven't lost that much ahead. Now you're Ahead at this point. A few thousand, Bubba. No, I'm, I'm down five grand. You know. Do you have a ledger anywhere? Oh, we do. I where we keep track of your losses Down. I'm down 5,000. I don't wanna talk about It right now. You don't give it to him though. Listen, you don't give him the 5,000 right now. He's temporarily ahead. That's all. But, but, but wouldn't you feel better if you gave him the money? We paid each Other. We paid each Other. You paid me that one time. But You owe money. Wouldn't it be nice if we just give that money? You owe him. No, we paid each other. Wouldn't it feel better? We can bet during a Fight Companion. I am not allowed to bet on Legally legal Joe. Yeah, the UFC. Literally. 'cause You know the whole thing with the betting with the trainer, it called the Yes.


Yeah. You know that story because of that. No one's allowed to bet. Okay. No one. That's a good, but Eddie, you can bet Brian Joe just can't be involved. I need to see the, I Used to bet in the early days we don't do that of the ufc. I Bet more him. I'm old school. When I first started working for the UFC, especially when I wasn't even getting paid, I'd bet on fights. 'cause no one knew what the fuck was going on. There was these guys coming in from Russia. I was like, you don't even know who this is. Like what are the odd, this is the stupidest odds of all time. Yeah. Brazilian guys would come in and the odds makers had no idea who the guy was. Yeah. They get told by someone that then you see the matchup, you're like, oh, this guy's gonna smoke this guy. No. Paulo Philo's actually pretty good. Aubrey and I were like at 84% at one point. Geez. Oh damn. Because I had quit gambling on it because I realized like, this is a little sketchy.


Even though they tell me like it's, I can't affect the outcome. But it's weird if I have money riding on a fighter and people already think I'm biased. Yeah. Like, probably don't do that. So I stopped doing it. So I'd give advice to Aubrey. I'd pick and we were 84% man balling. There was a few that I was like a hundred percent. This one. All the money on Anderson. So de house 84 percent's a big Deal. Anderson fucking debut Anderson and his debut. I mean it wasn the one I was like, Bet the House. Wait when he fought Chris, Chris Ruben. Yes. Oh my God. I was like, Bet the house On the, the Brazilian Bet. The house So good. This was after Anderson became Anderson. Yeah. And Cage Warriors, remember? Yep. Was it Cage Warriors? Cage Warriors. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. So when he went over there and he fought Lee Murray and then he fought Tony frequently, he hit him with that crazy upward elbow.


Yes. That thing. Coach told him to stop practicing. He'd practicing. So he'd make his wife hold a pillow when he'd get home. And he was practicing that standing there and stepping forward. And he wanted to knock him out with that. Like, he had this in his head that that's what he was gonna do. That's so weird. But that's obsession. Here Comes j Jorge Rivera fight. Remember that? Oh my God. My shit. Here it comes. Another day. Another day in the office. Look at this shit. Oh, he's fired up. Dude. You kidding me? He hasn't fought in a long time. Time. How long has it been? Let's calm down. God, it's been at least a year. Yeah. Who was the last guy He fought? Kevin Holland. And what Happened? He submitted 'em really easy, very quick. No la no. Last fight was Kamar. Usman. Oh, that's right. You're right. It wasn a year ago. It wasn a year ago. So it wasn one year ago's. And it wasn a Decision.


It wasn a decision. Yeah. It wasn The one with tomorrow was like, I should have picked five round Because it Was five. It had been a tough fight for him. This Is really interesting Because it all depends on, Like, It so interesting whether first I'm nervous, five rounds. This is a five round fight, which is huge. Whitaker's hard to like the first round, he's probably, He might dominate Whitaker. Beat Yoel Romero. Correct. Who was the all times scariest wrestler that ever competed in MMA? Correct. And Whitaker's not one of those guys where if he's down on the cards, he's gonna just Pack it up. But, but Romero didn't really take people down. Romero would conserve a lot of his energy to explode on you and smash you. Yep. Yep. If he wanted to take, never took anybody down. Very rarely. Like, Like he took, he took down Izzy and didn't hold him down. Took Wideness him down.


Yeah. Never used his wrestling Hardly Because it was a conserving energy thing. Yeah. 'cause his thing was always exploding on you. Yeah. Like he did with Wyman. He hit that flying knee and rock hold. Oh my God. But that flying knee hit Wyman with, oh Crap man. There's so much blood on the mats. Dog. It wasn. It wasn. The worst part of I, there's blood all over the mat When you, when you're doing that circle around the ring and you just got warm blood on beneath your fucking Feet. And you're like, boy, what am I doing with My life? Yeah. I go, what the fuck am I doing? Damn. There might be covid in that blood. I hope not. Maybe monkeypox even worse. Dude. How quickly did Monkeypox die? They tried twice. They tried twice. Yes. Twice. Dude. The WHO said, yo worldwide emergency.


Oh yeah. No more butt fucking. Yeah. How crazy. It's as eating. Is it as eating ass eating? How does it, how does it get on your dick if it's ass eating? Because you don't just eat ass. Oh, then you Sucked. You go crazy. Yeah. You don't stop. I, I don't know if it's eating. They getting Monkey P on their lip. Monkeys on their lips. That's How you get four gay dudes ate so much ass. They died. And they were like, we need, this is mercy. We need to lock America down. Dude. No one gave no one put up. Can imagine About Monkey Pox. Four dudes played Russian roulette and died. So we all had to wear helmets.


That's literally what it's like. It's so stupid. Dude. Monkey pot. How about Stop eating as once you get a blister, you fucking pig. You fucking greedy. Pig pig. You blisters please. Wash of your fucking nose. Is That what happens? Yeah. And they recommended washing your ass before someone, someone ate. Just wash your as wash Before. Somebody heats it, You Know, on freeway signs. Wash your hands. That's courtesy. That's courtesy. That's courtesy. That's courtesy. That's Courtesy. Remember that shit when they were on the freeway signs during the scam Demic when it was like, wash your hands. Be safe. Oh yeah. Like they were like telling us to wash our hands. Save a alive six feet from our Respiratory disease. Yeah.


Yeah. Wash dude on the freeway signs. Wash your hands. Yeah. Ooh. Robert Whitaker. I don't think they're ever gonna get us like that again. No. They gave you it wasn the vaccine. That's the ironic shit. It was like, that's the vaccine. Well that's kind of what, it's never gonna happen Again. That's the, because They already hit it hit they hit it with us. And now the Next one us against bullshit. Yeah. The next one. No hospitalization dog. Nope. Next one. Yeah. Yeah. But the problem is, did you see the recent statistics on respirators? No. 90% killed of Covid patients who went on respirators died from it. We Have a family friend that died from it. And then they didn't let you go to, in the hospital. They didn't tell you where they were gonna bury these motherfuckers and you couldn't have a funeral. Dude, dude. And people went along with that shit. Yes, that's true.


They were like, okay, no funerals. That's, that's, and what's crazy is some People will still go along With it and they remember when they scared the fuck out of everybody. And they, they put it out on CNN. The, the hospitals are running out of body bags. They had a ticker had tick, they were running out of body bags. They had a ticker Because it ticker it was good for ratings. So you had a ticker of people dying who were dying of, if you went in the hospital, you had Covid. But you, you were in a car accident. They counted as a death from Covid. Yeah. 'cause they got more money from the government. Totally. Did you See the fucking Rolling Stone article during the height of it all where they said that people were waiting in line to go into the emergency room for gunshot wounds because so many people were overdosing from Ivermectin. Yeah.


Rolling. Joking. You're joking. Stone. Not only did they do that, they used a stock photograph of people waiting in line at a hospital. But these fucking morons, it's old. Did a photograph of people with coats on. 'cause it was a winter. They're waiting for a flu shot. So Fucked up. So we knew it was fake. So it was fake. But no one was going to the hospital for ivermectin overdose. Even if you get the shit that they give to horses, it's still ivermectin. Like if you get penicillin, penicillin's a a veterinary medicine too. It doesn't mean you get penicillin. You're taking horse medicine. It's a medicine. Yes. It's the same medicine. No one's dying from Liar. Look at, look at the P Diddy. The whole thing is exposing the music industry.


Right. And what's the height of the music industry? Rolling Stone. I mean, like, that's, They're It's All, it's all used corrupt shit. It's all corrupt as shit. They Should be a great magazine. And they got hijacked by a bunch of young morons. Well, They, that's what happened to Vice. I had Shane Smith on from Vice the same thing. Oh yeah. He was amazing. It's the same thing. He lost everything, dude. Why? Everything. What happened? 'cause Vice went bankrupt. Bankrupt. He used to be my neighbor. I used to see Him every day And it went Bankrupt over a, a sexual harassment Thing. Right? No, it wasn. Na sir. What was it? The fucking ratings crashed to the floor. They went, woke, went broke. It's the best example ever. Why did they do that? Because they have young kids. They hire as interns and they all coming straight outta college.


Yep. They think this is the world. They gave the wheel. They have been indoctrinated into a cult. It is a real cult. The New York Times is that way. You know, the New York Times, the reason they make money is off their crossword puzzle. And You know that the Washington Post has lost half their readership in the past four years and they lost $70 million last year. I Wonder why. Yeah. And and they hired this new guy and he was like, you're right. No, you guys are all writing this stuff. Nobody's reading your shit. So we're gonna, we're not gonna, we're not gonna exist unless Change. Just double down on crossword. Well, people are so mad that they refuse to endorse Kamala Harris for president. Oh yeah. Well it wasn the LA Times. No, it was the Washington Post and The LA Times. It Wasn Washington. Why are they turning their back? Why are because she's, they don't wanna hit their, it's just one side or the other.


What are they doing? She's gonna Lose. Well, magazines, newspapers have always endorsed a candidate. Traditionally, They might not and be so sure they want her to win anymore. Yes. You know, I mean, who knows what they know? Who knows what. All these people behind the scenes, like what there's a, the five D chess going on. You know, it might be as simple as they didn't think she could win. Let's try to get her to win. And if she doesn't win, we will be fine. 'cause in four years we got this and we're gonna do that. We've already set this in place. We already have all these people moving into swing states. We're gonna give them amnesty. There's all, there's a lot. How many illegal immigrants wild in the last four? Is it 20 million millions? 20 million Millions, millions of undocumented people, which is even crazier. And They're giving them fucking flight.


You know, you could, I I've seen it personally. I've been on flights. I I did a seminar in Tucson and while I was in Tucson, the board of patrol agents that train juujitsu, they were telling me, yo, they're giving them fucking flights. They're giving them fucking debit cards with a thousand dollars on 'em. They're giving him an iPhone. I'm like, what? So part of that, then I go on the flight. Yeah, true. I go on my flight and I got immigrants in front of me like this woman. And she seemed very innocent and, and, and, and legit. She didn't need to be vetted. She just, she didn't never been on a plane before in her life and on her backpack. Here we go, on her backpack. Here we go. A homeland. Here. Here we go. Here we, part of that Idea is so they can track him Too. You know, here we Go. Here we go. Do You know that part of that is a secret way? Track Shut, shut your mouth. Oh, they really want to Track that. That's not what it is. Brian, you don't even know what the app is.


The app was for shipping it wasn. It was originally made for people come over to this country. Oh, look at, He's not gonna strike with him. He doesn't wanna strike with them. Look at Oh. Oh damn. He's got his back. Whitaker Has gal the first round. It's gonna be tough. The first round. A typhoon. He's got his back already. But if OT can't get Whitaker here, he's dumping. He fucked a lot of energy here. He he's fucked. And this is, you have No choice. Five round. You gotta you gotta take that back. If you're a Whitaker here, you gotta go balls. I'll tell you what, deep s a very comfy here. If, If, if you're A Whitaker fan, you just want this to go past the first round. He's such a good grappler man. I'm telling you. His grappling is extraordinary shot. When you see him with that Olympic gold medalist, you're like, I didn't see him with a Olympic Gold medal. Oh dude, the scrambles dude.


He's already on his back and it's 37. He's winning the scrambles with Olympic gold medals. Bro, he's nasty. Hand me that coffee bubble. Did you see what he did to Rockhold? Did you see that grappling Match did? No, I did not. I didn't see It. It's manhandled. He manhandled. It's manhandling. It's insane. Rock. Rock is high level beast. And he's physically a beast. He's a strong motherfucker. Oh yeah. Hams off to do that to him. Now. I don't know what kind of shape Rock hold was in. Look behind you, Brian. I don't know if, if he had been rolling Olympic Gold medals. Oh my God. What the fuck. Yeah. Can we do picture and picture over here? Is that, that's not Possible. No, we can't do that. Damn. You guys got a billion dollars and you can, I know we're looking back and forth. It's ridiculous. Maybe next time we'll get a monitor above that monitor. Maybe that's what we'll do.


Maybe that's the move. It's too expensive. But we used to have it where we're looking that way. But we wanted to be able to show things on the screen sometimes. Man, Whitaker's been through everything though. He's such a veteran. But I can get you a good deal on a fucking big screen. You're The best bro. 400 bucks. You're the best. You know. Hey, whatever. You know, you don't wanna fucking this stuff. Hamza still on his Back. You know, he was watching this closely as Bo nickel. Oh, a hundred percent right? Yep. Well, Bo Nickel and Bo nickel and Hamot would be a crazy, That's, that's The future. Three minutes Left. And he's got both hooks in. Oh. And he's got a body triangle in, in one second. Almost, almost scramble Out. Look at that. Let's go shit down. Just like Khabib, bro.


Just when you escape Khabib, he doesn't give up and reset. He just takes you down from that position, Lord. And then right there from that position, You lose that little victory that you had. You a little, And then that frustrates you in. It's also tiring For both because lot of people would reset and stand up. Okay. He escaped. He didn't let him. He, it was like he took him down right there, Right away. Yeah. Did he didn't explode outta there quick enough. God. But Whitaker expect this. I bet he's gonna weather this storm. I don't know. He, the first round's tough. You never know, right? You don't know. No, you do though. 'cause ham's at this, what he does the first round is a motherfucker. He's Conserving his energy Though. Yeah. He's not really burning off too much, man. He's riding him here. Just a scramble. Yeah. And he's winning the round. Oh. Oh, that's no, no Calm. Winning the round. Calm down.


100%. All right. I get a little excited. Get excited. Death, calm down. If he gets under the chin, it's a real problem. 'cause he's got the grip of death. He really does. The chin. Yes. But he was on fucking front of the, the face there. Oh, That's a problem. Oh no, he's out. No, no. He's still mounted. Oh boy. Half Guard, dude. He's all over him. He's just like, no matter how he escapes, see this is a lot of energy. He counters the escapes. That's the key. He's countering the escapes rodeo. It's A rodeo. It's just beautiful flow. It's flow is perfect. He's just riding him everywhere he goes. That's Okay. He won't be able to do this for five rounds Though. See this is that thousand yard stare. You know, the guys have, when a guy's just overwhelming them and the grappling that is almost scarier than getting beat up on the feet. Like when Enzo was getting mauled by Khabib.


It's like, You know. Oh, look At that. Oh, it's on the, he's tapping. He tapped already. Oh my God. It wasn weird. It wasn weird. Oh my God. It wasn weird. The first round stuff. It wasn't even in around his neck. Hey, here's the thing. You probably give him the title shot. Yeah. You finished Whitaker in the first round. You Give him the title shot. Right. You give him the title shot. Of course you him, the title shot. This probably fucks up. DP Strickland. Holy Shh. Shit, I gotta see. That wasn't even on Round Neck. He wasn't even around his neck. Whitaker real d He tapped Quick. Dude, Let's see what happened. It looked Like It was around his chin. I think He got his chin and he was breaking his chin. That's what it Looks like. He was Just, yeah. 'cause he just opened his mouth. Funny. You don't wanna Have your, that, that fucking Hurts. He just opened his mouth. Funny. Let's, we'll, we'll get a look at it in the Replay.


I mean, I could be wrong. Maybe it was around his neck. Looked Like It was around his face. I think It was around around his jaw. Yeah. I think he's breaking his jaw. Yep. Because you was doing something with his jaw. He's like opening his mouth. And Usually when you, I mean you could tap somebody if you have a good enough squeeze around the jaw, but it takes a few seconds. But what if he broke it? It isn't like some instant if Mouth Is open, but what if it snapped? He was tapping so, so fast. Fucking hurt. Look at this shot. Whoosh. From downtown too. He's so fast. He shot so far out. Once he gets ahold of you, it's so dang. He just needs to get his paw hair. We Go, here we go right here. Right. See it's around the, the Mouth that, that's around the mouth he tapped. That's around the jaw. It wasn. That's around jaw. That's around the jaw. It wasn about to break his jaw. Usually that, that takes a, usually that takes time.


It wasn very fast. You know what, it wasn? A neck crank. He broke his jaw. You know what it was like a neck crank. I don't, I think that too, but I think he might have broke his jaw. Yeah, it Was as fast as he tapped too. What, What was that dude? Why did he throw his mouthpiece away? Because He wants a fan to have it. Fuck. Wow. Now he's gotta get a new one and then mold it again. Who are, are those Two guys? Did they win a contest? A zebra contest? Oh shit. You guys get to beat Cage side Bro. He gets a title shot. I think you have to. I think if you beat Whitaker, the number three contender in the world, not just that, but run, dominate, run. He didn't get run. He didn't get, didn't get touched. Yeah. He ran through him and he strangled him in the first round. The real de. So he might be the guy Dude, he might be that guy that, and this is the best time to be a fan when he comes guy coming up, there's nothing better.


And here, think about this. 85. Right? So this guy was killing himself to get to 70 at 85. He's the fucking man. Oh my God. Kind of crazy. Now here's the question. Can he wrestle DDP or Bo Nickol Like that? He's not DD P's not as good at wrestler. Well his standup is more advanced than bs. Way more. Yes. Yeah. His standup is very dangerous. Ah, yeah. He's hamzas. Yes. Hamza's very good on the feet. Very good on the feet. Not that Bo's bad on the feet, but Bo Bos newer to needs more seasoning. He's newer to, You know, he hasn't had a real war yet. Hamza's been through the Gilbert Burns fight. This is crazy though. It wasn super, super Impressive. It wasn I've out shoulda tapped that fast. It was really, he must have gotten him just right. You know How fucking good we'll out Robert Whitaker is. Yeah. We'll find out.


It wasn A, it wasn a strange tap. He might've hurt his neck in the middle of the scramble or something. Yeah. He might've hurt his neck when the, the choke went on him. Jesus. You know, he might've felt something pop in his jaw. It wasn. Worst case scenario for Strickland. Yeah. Robert, he's holding His jaw right Now. Weird. Right. He's holding his mouth weird. Yeah. I think he might've broke his jaw. Good for hams going through all that shit. Fucked. Yeah. Man, look dude, that guy's a scary ass motherfucker. Jesus. Scary that grappling is next level. I mean, he's given, he's given her a gold medalist. Fits. What are we talking about? Yeah, he's a, a beast. Kidding me if I can kill him out. He's kind of chilled out though. Hold on sec. You just submitted Robert Whitaker in the first round.


It wasn an amazing performance. Yeah, that guy. Thanks. I love him. My brother. You picture religion wants Fight. He's basically saying no one wants to fight with me. Take a look up here as always. You got take down Because you got, you Got, I want to know this. 85. Where, where was Strickland? Yeah, eight five. Where? Where's Israel? 85. Israel. I didn't see him. What do You mean in that list? Oh, was he At the top? No, it wasn win. It wasn win streaks.


Dps at eight. Okay. Win streaks. I was like, so he puts that choking Quick man, That's, yeah, it's on the jaw. He's definitely not across the top. He hasn't fought Strickland yet. No. He might've just fucked his of his job. I think he, his mouth open and he just, it was could intensely uncomfortable. I mean, you think about the beating he was taking before that. How exhausted he must've been by then. He might've had his mouth open. I get him out. Gimme a microphone. No. DC's like, nah man. Abu Dhabi. Thank you Abu Dhabi. Thank you. Thank you. Help. I live here now. He's his best country in the world. Thank you. He lives in Abu Dhabi. Now Tammy too is moving around.


Yeah, he had to Is that because of his relationship with that? That dude, that Sia dictator. Yeah. Yeah. We don't know. That's Kadi off that Guy. The other problem you have with him becoming champ, there's some crazy stories about that guy online. Big stories. There was a guy who used to fight for the UFC work for him, wound up getting killed. Oh wow. Yeah. Seriously. But he became like number two in the country. If s not becomes your champ, the issue, if he, if there is an issue we don't know about where he can't fight in the States, it seems there's something going on there. It, for him to fight for the title, it, it, it makes things complicated If he can't do in Vegas. Well, the problem is if you wanna get six seats for your homies and, and homies are wonderful war crimes.


Well, Koff Koff is, Yeah. That's the guy. I, He literally, do You know that he had, Koff had a, they gave him an award for being the most sanctioned leader in the world. Like it doesn't he Like throw gay people off roofs and shit. Well, there's a lot of things going on. Yeah. In fact they were like, how tall Are the roofs though? I mean, we're talking about single story. We, You know. Yeah. Just teach 'em a lesson. I know of. I know they were shooting movie in Chena and they, What if they're just throwing 'em into pools And it's like they're exaggerated. Or a trampoline. It's like a party. Yeah. It's a joke. Everyone's having fun. They're just uneducated. It's straight guys too. Pools don't hear about it. Straight guys aren't complaining about It's good thing they get bored. They're in the mountains. Everybody goes off the roof. It's entertainment for It. It's not good if you're a gentler spirit in Chechnya.


It's not like, You know, is that Steve Harvey in the house? Sure is. What, By the way, hilarious. Must mustache. Who's that? Just fucking strapped. Sergio Ramos. How dare you. Sorry. Well, Osky killer. Love him. Killer. I like that he's taking all his time off. Me too. Yep. Please don't jump back. That brain sir. Arrest that brain, sir. One of the greats. Yeah. And get a full fucking camp. Yep. You know? Yeah. Don't take any short notice fights. This is, this is, I don't know who he's gonna fight. Do You know who they have Volinski slated to fight? I think it might just be straight for the title. If Max wins, if Max wins 100%. It's Volinski. Unless there's a rematch. Wouldn't you think if Max wins tonight or Or you go you Lopez Koski.


Yeah. Dare Lopez. Kinski. 'cause then don't think Lopez wants to win. One more. That's what I'm saying. Against Kinski. Oh, lo. Oh, oh, I see what you're saying. You know what I'm saying. Lopez versus Vulcans. Yes. It's a dangerous fight. Invo there as the like, oh, we got the Wine. Oh, you got the wine. Oh. Ah shit. Awesome. Who stole it? I don't know. Get us some glasses, sir. I love this one. You know what I'm saying though, Joe? For Lopez? He needs one more, I think before he gets to the big show. So you give him Bofski, you beat him. Yeah. Now we're cooking with players. Yeah. No, I think so. But if I was V Kovski, I'd say nah, title fight. UFC say No, sir. Yeah. But he's 36 years old, maybe 37 by now. Yeah. He earned the title fight. He was one of, of the greatest featherweights, if not the greatest of all time. And he took, took short notice fights for the, yeah, it said the big one.


Mcha fight. Never should have taken that. And that, in that first one. I thought it was a good fight. It was a good fight. But I think we were biased. The fight, because he was a smaller guy. No, but the first fight was a good fight. It was a really good fight. I'm, I'm saying I, I, he dropped him. I walked away from it. Thought it, I thought he won. I thought he won too. But then were we biased because it's like that David Goliath, You know what I'm saying? Possibly. It was very close fight. Let's say that. Yes. But then the, the rematch, when he gets kd like that tough, tough on 10 days notice. You can't do that, man. No, you can't take that. I mean, I love the fact that he tried, but you can't do that too. Well, think about it. He was ranked what they have him one number, one pound for pound. He loses that and then loses the next one. He had been drinking and, You know, partying, living the life, eating burgers and shit.


And then all of a sudden they're like, Hey, you got 10 days to lose 40 pounds against che fucking wine. I get it, Alex. Yeah. Calm down now settle down. Come down for us. Well, I was Like, I ordered that we couldn't find it. Somebody stole our wine. Jeff had to go hunt them down. This is, this is the best one, Dude. What do you think about this, Brian? What? You're the wizard? What? Toper? Max Holloway. I got, I got Max. Only Because Max, how do you have him winning? Well, I think that Toper wins when he gets you a against the fence. He's amazing. He's great. I just think that Max is not gonna get against the fence. And I think that Max has never been put, he's been put down once. And I think he's a bigger guy and I think he's just as good a boxer. I really do. I think. Interesting.


And that's a big deal. Interesting. 'cause very few people are as good as Topoya. Now, I might be wrong. I, I also, I also think the narrative on Topia being like this crazy knockout out artist. Like in Alex Pierre, his background is grappling. You know what I'm saying? Don't get me wrong. And the motherfucking crack. Yeah. But when it comes to standup, I would edge Max Holloway Interesting. As far as like pure striker. Right. But you saw what, what he did to Josh Emmett. Right. He just took away all Josh Emmett's weapons started beating his ass. Max Hollow. No, I love Josh Emmett, but Max Holloway different Animal. It's different animal. Two foot. But the thing about Josh Emmet, he comes with that nuclear option. Dude, he stayed, bro, what he did to Bryce was crazy. He's also shorter though. Yeah. Max a lot taller. Which the Same.


Yeah. He's as wide as he as tall. Yeah. Josh Emmett's a fucking tank man monster. That he might be the scariest one punch guy in the sport. It wasn bad. Oh. He was twitching and shit out cold. And they were trying to stand him up. I'm like, do not stand him up. Let leave that man. Let that hundred percent get, get some medics in there. It wasn a bad one when you see the guys twitching. You know, just let him chill. Yeah, man. Let him Don't Now Dana said they're gonna go to Barcelona or Spain. He's not drinking you son of a bitch. I'll just have a, just, nah, I'm good. Hey, You Know what? He not drinking. He's not drinking. You fucking pure. You know, it could be piss and I wouldn't know Brian. I don't know. You don Watch and watch it. It'll, it'll breathe. It'll Breathe. You Know, You know the one We have to let it Did you guys ever, when you were talking about, when you were talking with Trump and RFK Junior, did the fluoride in the water ever come up?


It's come up with, with RFK, it's come up with a bunch of people. Cow And Casey means, what do We gotta do to get the fluoride out of the fucking water? I know certain counties in the United States, they've like petitioned and they, there's something you could do. Yeah. I think if everybody knew what exactly to do to get fluoride out of the fucking Water, that's one of RFKs thing he wants to do. It's Going on. How is fluoride still in the water? And everybody's cool. It And it ex explain to listeners, why is fluoride so bad? And when I say listeners is me, Joe, it's A neurotoxin. It's dangerous. They, they say it, it helps your teeth. Yeah. It's stupid. It fights calories. It Really helps Your teeth. What helps your teeth is don't eat sugar. Brush your teeth.


That's what helps your teeth. If there really, if No, there's very little evidence. And I bet that evidence is horseshit. But here's the thing For It comes, but it comes with the consequences of factual data that shows that high fluoride rates and waters lead to lower IQs and kids. That's proven science. Really? Yes. It's dangerous stuff. It's not facts. So you think Okay's a reason why they're putting fluoride, they're taking, they're opening up sac of fluoride and putting it in the water and they're saying it's to keep our teeth clean. No. So what I heard is that fluoride was discovered. 'cause in Colorado there were pockets of kids and people that didn't have cavities. And it, and they found that it was the fluoride in the water. That's Why. Yeah. We also found toothbrushes. Listen, you don't need to use Fucking Fluoride.


That's some retard shoe. If fluoride was good for your teeth, bottled water would say, now with fluoride, how come it doesn't say that? Say that. I Need to evidence guys, dentist, They experimented during the Nazis. The Nazis experimented with fluoride. It's Straight Illuminati. So all The dentists are wrong. And you guys are right? Yes. They're all wrong. Is real. Covid is real. Covid is real. The doctors said real. But are you covid is What? Say covid vaccines. Legit Covid vaccines. Legit. I don't know. Not a vaccinologist, You know. Oh my God. I don't, I pee, but you're pissing me off. Well, the va the vaccine probably. Did you take the vaccine? No. Why not? But I, well, I just, because I got it. She shut the fuck Up. I got, she shut the fuck up.


Brian. All the doctors said it. Take, take the vaccine. You guys are vaccinologist and your and your tooth experts. Oh my God. Brian listening in The sky. Listen man, I've talked to many, many people that have said the dangers of fluoride are real, and that in the levels that they're in the water, they're probably not gonna make you stupider. But there's no reason for it to be there in the first place. And It is a toxin. Really? What? But they put it in toothpaste Because It shouldn't be in toothpaste either. It's all erroneous information. It's the same thing that led people to say that margarine is better for you than butter. Mm. It's bullshit bias studies that are conducted by people who have a vested interest financially in pushing in fluoride. How many people are selling fluoride to put it in the water? It's not free.


They have to get it somewhere. Someone's in a fluoride business. They've got deals these people have been saying for their entire career is you should have fluoride. You have to, you'd have to correct so much to get fluoride out of the water and to get people to stop using fluoride. Even for toothpaste. I use Toms of Maine. It's natural toothpaste. It doesn't have any fluoride. Yeah. There's so many brands of toothpaste that say fluoride free. Yeah. Don't, why would they say fluoride Free? Well, because some people Have Brian Su You don know what you're talking about. You really don't. I never, I never said any. But that's the problem is you're or on, you're gonna argue with him. But you really don't know about fluoride. No. I'm asking you questions. You guys are saying the fluoride bad. No. You're saying all these people Are first. Everybody are still on fluoride. I can't even, we're appealing, You're appealing to authority. Right. But the, the reality is there's actual data.


There's scientific data that these people have conveniently ignored, that shows the fluoride that they've been recommending for decades is not good for you. That's Why there's, that's why there's toothpaste that says fluoride free. Otherwise that would be, that would kill their Company. That could dumbest toothpaste ever. Yeah. That would kill their company. I'm saying so you're saying that the dentist tell you to use fluoride toothpaste because they retarded. They've been because they're Retarded. My dentist, they know more about Dentist. No, They're tarded does not. They dunno. Fluoride toothpaste. My dentist does not tell me to use fluoride toothpaste. He doesn't? No. No. My dentist knows about fluoride and water too. And he is, he doesn't think it's a good thing. Doctors that recommend the Covid vaccine, are they retarded or are they smart? Okay, Listen, I mean, I don't know. We, we we're traveling down too many different side roads. If you're an old person, we're traveling down too many different side roads.


But if you wanna see it, Jamie, pull up an article that shows that high fluoride rates in water leads to lower, lower IQs in kids Fact. And it just seems perfect for the controllers. I's don't know if it's a controller thing. I think it's a money thing. I think they've been selling it as, 'cause I think they used to think that it did help you with tooth decay. Right. And it or doesn't. And it, I think maybe someone scammed it and they started selling it to people to put in the water. We all need it. And then you have a business. You have what's called big fluoride. And big fluoride is providing all the fucking fluoride that's in your water. And it's not necessary. And first of all, not to drink it and eat it and cook with it. That's fucking crazy. And if you needed fluoride just for toothpaste, you use fluoride toothpaste and you spit that shit out and rinse your mouth.


Right. 'cause it's fucking dangerous. Oh. So you're objecting in the N TP report, suggested IQ reductions in the range of two to five points in children with higher fluoride exposure. Jesus. Yeah. The more You know, this should be interpreted cautiously. It's fucking garbage. There's no reason for it To be there. Don't get me star on root canals. Oh, That's a s a That's a whole, okay. Is it real that the Nazis put it in the, in the water too? I'm, is that real? Correct. I'm 100%. No, not 198%. Sure. Did that take it, Jamie? Find out fluoride. Nazi Nazis. Wasn't it discovered in states The Nazis put it in the water. The Nazi, You know what it's For? They did bunch of then, You know, why we're it bunch experiments to, to medicate people? They were giving people crystal meth.


Did they had a a, a type of crystal meth you would buy in the store. Store, right? Yeah. And it made productivity like everybody's kicking ass. But our pilots too. Well, it's also, we use that. That's why they had BMW. Okay. Why do you think they had Audi? Why do you think they had Porsche? Porsche? Why? Why did they have these incredible Engineers? P was behind because These fucking engineers were jacked up on meth going like, fucking put these gears together. Make it fast. And fucking the Nuremberg and all That's Hitler's, that's all Hitler's Scientists. Yeah. I think, I think fluoride was discovered in Colorado. Fluoride is great. Yeah. No, Flo, listen, fluoride's been around for a long time, Brian, but the idea of pouring it into your fucking water is relatively new in human History. There's, and then, and then people think, oh, I don't drink tap water so I'm free of fluoride. No wrong. What about your ice?


You put ice in your drinks here. It's What about the beverages you think? You think these companies that make beverages, like There's no evidence of the Nazi party. Fluoride was first used by the Nazis. Keep prison this docile, submissive, fun fact. Our verdict. There's no evidence of the Nazi party. No. Where there's gotta be someone that thinks that fluoride was used by the Nazis. That's Google Though. I think This is that. That said that. It just says it's a claim. I don't even know where someone's saying it. It's a claim. Yeah. But the problem with that is you're connecting fluoride, which is ubiquitously used In drinking water. Oh, I love that politic Fact. Let's find, okay, Jesse Ventura says, the Nazis pioneered the use of fluoride. That's all I need to see. We're forever incorporating Nazi things in our last fluoride is in the water. Okay. This is Tampa Bay Times Communist conspiracy.


Genuine threat. All judges. Hold on, go back to that one. Go to go to what? One duck. Duck go state of the planet. Fluoride and water. Communist conspiracy, genuine threat. Fluoride. Certainly nothing to do with your teeth. Fluoride and water was used by the Nazis on the Jews. I mean, I mean These are, I mean, what this conspiracy doesn't that sense com? I don't even know if, does that make sense? Here is Google. This is Google. Hold on. Yeah, but Google, just Google just finds websites. It could be full of shit. Oh, I did. Was type in three words And it finding articles where those Three words exist. Got it. You Google is not gonna tell you what's true or what's not true. They're gonna show you articles. It's find out. But the bottom line is find out if fluoride is being used everywhere. You'd probably have the same sort of deal as like try finding vaccine side effects from the COVID-19 vaccine and how dangerous they are.


Go Google. You'll find a bunch of things about how it's a myth and it's a bullshit. Exactly. It's a small amount. More people get myocarditis from covid. You'll find a bunch of misinformation. Here's my question here. Disproven stuff. Question here. My question of Money. Okay. For both of you, here's my question. Okay. How many cvid 19 vaccines do they give out? Like 5 billion or something Crazy. A lot. A lot. Right? So out of 5 billion of most of those people love, love this are fine. Right? Love this. No, no, no. We don't know. No, There's a lot like 5 billion in my family alone. We've have, we have some damage. My uncle died of a heart attack. That's anecdotal. We're doing God car. Brian, Brian, Brian. Who's telling you that? Giving you data? I Can't believe you're defending the fucking vaccine.


I'm I'm not. Let's kill him. Fucking Blown away. Fucking Hollywood. I'm blown. I'm Blown away. Get back on tv. I'm fucking blown away. Isn't it frustrating? But I'm not Surprised though. But I am, I'm not surprised. Am Wait, wait. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Hold, hold on. All I'm asking You, he's been Texan, his friend at Universal, they're working on a deal. All I'm asking you is hang over five outta 5 billion vaccines. That death, that's a pretty big control group. And So it is fluoride Heart. What? Heart disease. Hold future what? Heart Disease. Hold on Brian, don't hold on. Brian, do You know that all cause mortality up 40% in some age groups? That Doesn't matter to Brian. I don't know that. And I don't know. I don't know that that's, That's Why you're arguing Because you, You know that. You know, you do. You should know that. So you're saying that's from the vaccine. It could be from a lot of things, but one thing that happened during that time is they experimented on a new medicine.


And that new medicine has been proven to both be ineffective and to be greatly exaggerated in what it could or couldn't do. Meaning that's the test that they did didn't even even show it could do what they were saying it did. So there was a lot of deception going on Right. Then there was a lot of coercion and then there's an enormous amount of money gets exchanged. I understand that. Take that into account, all of that. And I agree that take that into account and then take into account that's 40% increase in all. Cause ality, I agree with all of that Percent. The giant jump in miscarriages, the giant jump in infertility rates in both men and women. The giant jump in all sorts of autoimmune conditions that people got after got vaccinated of. Right. The giant jump in strokes and heart. It could be this could be One like a defense attorney.


You're like a defense attorney for the mob. Or it could be the toxic soup of Sure. So many of these different, but It automatically ticks in around 2020 Automatically on the, on the streets dead by the way, that would kill you. Hold on, hold on. That would kill you. A lot more drinking. There's also a Lot more Shit. Shut up. What do you mean there's a lot more? What's Going on now? People are Dying now. Brian. Brian, Brian. You would be dead on the street. Not as much exercise. Eating. Overeating. No. It's now be not Enough during The pandemic. Now. Right now a lot of 'em aren't even obese worldwide. You're saying a lot of 'em, not even obese. You saw those soccer players dropping dead percent vaccinated soccer players having heart attacks. Super normal fittest people on earth just having fucking strokes in the middle of a field. But For the most part or high school kids.


But the vast majority don't. Yes. A lot Of got injured. Brian. A lot of people. I don't know. The vast, let's say how say 1%. Let's say it's only one. How are you Even like, is it 1% that's Saying, Hey B, here's what of injury. We, we don't know. They're not, they're not giving us the, the complete results. We don't know how high it's Well that's a good point. But we Point it's up 40%. Hold on, hold on. You don't know Right? That's what I'm saying. I like you are, are You guys, are lot of these statistics around? No. The one thing we do know is Isn jail. If he was my defense attorney, I'd be like, I'm going to jail this Motherfucker. No, seriously serious. If I was gonna jail and I was guilty, I would hire this Motherfucker. So you think the covid vaccine, He could always, so you think the Covid Vaccine was straight up killing people in?


Very dangerous, I think was, I think it Was a scam to make money. It was ineffective. And at the worst. The problem is it didn't stay local. Meaning when they injected into the muscle, they weren't aspirating for the most part. They didn't even aspirate on fucking Biden on television. They just plunge that thing in. Right. If you talk to doctors, they say when you do stuff like that and you inject someone with a vaccine, you are supposed to aspirate to make sure that you're not in a blood vessel. So you pull back to see if you find blood and if you do, you have to reinsert somewhere else. So where you, you're not gonna shoot it right into a blood vessel. Right. When it goes into a blood vessel, your body recognizes it as like an intruder and your immune system reacts right. And it, And it gets to your heart. And it gets to your heart. It creates myocarditis.


'cause your heart doesn't heal. Yeah. Which is why you don't get heart cancer. Right? So, So here's what, here's what I was saying. Your liver Heals. I know your heart scars Up. Listen, listen to this. But Eddie, I know a lot of people that got the vaccine like a lot. Right? 'cause I live in California and Okay. You know, So I know the vast majority and the vast majority of people that I know just so anecdotally. But if you just look at a cross section, seem to be walking around fine. Did they get Covid? I don't know. Probably. I Bet they did. Because I know somebody who got like the booster and everything. She had covid five times. Exactly. So It doesn't work. Not only that, there's a direct correlation between the amount of boosters you get and the frequency in which you get covid. That's a, That's a, that could be a Healthy, that could be a healthy user bias thing where, You know, you have a bunch of unhealthy people that are getting jabbed up as much as possible.


Right. And they were gonna get covid anyway. That's what I'm saying. You Don't know. It Certainly doesn't work. Everybody I know knows multiple people that got fucked up from the vaccine. You don't know anybody that got fucked up From the, that doesn't mean anything. It's just anecdotal. It doesn't mean anything. I think people in Hollywood keep their fucking mouth shut. Me too. They would get kicked outta the cold. Or you wouldn't know too. Right? Like you wouldn't know if you got covid. I know From my, I know from my family. Covid also happened. Fucked with your, with your, with your heart and things too. So some you wouldn't know necessarily. You don't think Covid was just the flu? No. I think covid think it, I think was About twice as bad as killed. Was Killed A lot of old people in heavy people. And Does the flu do the flu, do That? No, it was worse than the flu out. Come on. It was worse If you had on, it was worse than the flu. My friend of a doctor said to me, he goes, I'd estimate it's about 50% worse than the regular a bad flu.


It was just Flu. They hijacked the flu Was All bullshit. And if you're really old, it Was all bullshit. They hijack the, let's, Let's definitely include the fluid in along the ride. They hijack. What's that? The flu definitely got S They included along rides do, they didn't turn all the time. They take the, and they go, oh, there's a new thing. What are the symptoms? You have a runny nose, you have a fever. I'm like, isn't it the flu here? It's boys. Oh no. But it's different. Here it is Boys first defense title. That's how do, it's, I think The bottom line is it was handled incorrectly. And so that there's choice. That's definitely not the bottom line. It was fucking made in a lab Handled incorrectly. I'm I'm saying There's a lot of bottom it wasn actually funded by the N nih. The Crisis was handled incorrectly, right? Yeah. Wow. Well it wasn't just handled incorrectly. It was the greatest distribution of wealth that the fucking world has ever seen. That's fair. It Was on purpose.


There was no incorrect shit. They did. They knew exactly what would, Did you see, speaking of corrupt bullshit, do you see Elon Musk might buy CNN? That would be hilarious. No way. Guess what boys? I'm gonna be on CNN when? Can you imagine? Oh, you Mean I'll ask him for a job. Yeah. He'll hook me up. Can I Be a field journalist? I'll do. Who's that? The j That's Ilya's wife. Damn. Damn. I'm I'll do the JRE weekly report. Dude, here we go. Sick. We talk about the actual news of the world. This what I learned. Can have Brian on there. No, come on. Lemme come. I can't Have Brian lemme Brian can is gonna replace Anderson Cooper. Ask questions. You Gotta have, It would be perfect Guys. Come on bro. Don't make me a ccia plan. I'm just Asking questions.


You're definitely a ccia plan. Asking Questions. I know about that. Brian. Brian's white Face. I can't even ask questions among my Friends. Okay. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. Let's, let's watch this. 'cause this is Heavy. Is max drawn? Was this too much of a cut for him? That's what I want to say. Well, He hasn't cut in a couple years. Yeah, it's a big fuck fucking, it's a big Weight. But he has a really good Nutritionist. Oh. If he's offering to him, he's like, come sit down, let's go. Nah, don't stand there. Fuck that. That's it. Like the bull the matter door. Come on. Celia said he was gonna do that in the beginning. He was gonna point to the ground. He's like, yo, bro. He goes, this is not the DMF the dumbest motherfucker. Who Said that? Max? There you go. Yeah. I is a confident dude. So he rubs people the wrong way. But you gotta be pretty fucking arrogant to get to his level. Oh yeah, man.


This is an interesting fight. This is a very, max is a real good tactician. Yes. He's How about their shorts? Very good. Both custom shorts. No. Nice. Max got the booster too. No, he didn't all Take it easy. No front kick to the body. High kick. No. U ffc. No. UFC fighter got the Basic Are they not, were they not allowed? Did they have to? Oh no. Brian Lion Did. Lion Hart did. He had, he suffered blood clots from it. Yeah. Anthony Smith talked about it. And he thinks he lost a family member to it too. My mom got Blood clots from it. Oh. Low kick max looks good. You stand on the outside using the reach. The controversial thing about the co Oh, nice. Upper cut Foodborne illness. 'cause people who Are, I think they might have collided heads. What? That's the controversial what's Oh, Whoa.


Caught. I mean s a very fucking good box. I didn't hear you Brian. What'd You? I said, I said, I said some people would call it a foodborne illness. 'cause if you were obese, COVID killed you. Right? Yeah. That's not what they would call foodborne illness. Brian. I'm just, I'm just saying. I'm just saying if you foodborne I is disease. I know what I tell you. I tell, oh shit. What? You're gonna get some grappling here, bro. That's his bread and butter. Must have forgot. Very nice. Oh, He's been studying with Jamiah. He's from Georgia. He's from Georgia originally. Right. So he Started, he was born in Georgia, but grew up in Spain. Okay. After that fucking fight, man. Yikes. I can't believe Hamza did though. He so, oh, oh. Whitaker dislocated his jaw.


Oh. Oh Jesus. Oh yeah. So there, It's, that's what it was. Yeah. They confirmed that he dislocated his jaw. Oh, that makes sense. When he was with the choke. Yes. How do they put that back in? Well, it's Probably, or maybe it Was already dislocated and then when he put the choke in, he was like, that's Could, could have caught him. Dude. Oh dude. Chipo is such a good boxer shit. He's so lethal Too. Oh my God. Just sit down. That dude has no wasted movement. Those punches come so clean And everything's heavy. Tony. Man, everything's heavy. Max more of a volume guy throws his Whole body in that man. Oh, Nice. Low kick Max makes One mistake. It's a problem. Heavy, low kick. Fuck. Can I change my, can I change my Phone? No, No. You don't wanna do that guys. How much Is a hundred bucks? A hundred bucks? Yeah. Let me just beat, let me just Beat you face. No, don't do that. You can't Do that guys, guys, you're, you're coming down on me, man.


You know what you should do is you get on one of them apps that lets you bet during the fight, You know, guys go up and go. You can bet. Like from the second round on. Oh shit. No. Get outta there. Get outta there. Come. That'll Be a good way to make money, man. Max. Don't let him get you. You got some, It's some weak, Brian's a smart way to make money when You know for a fact someone's teed Up. Yeah. Guys do it all the time. And you get a three to one on the money. Oh dude, he's Free money chopping his leg, dude. Free Money. Yeah, You're right. He's chopping his leg. Chop everything. Do you feel like you'd be better on a companion with Don Lemon and Ston Cooper Than a hundred percent? Do you feel like you're, you fit more in with them? Do feel like an outcast too, Brian. A lot of things to agree On. Guys. I'm just asking questions guys. I'm just asking questions about my friends in private.


I'm just asking about the Covid vaccine. I'm saying I just feel like you'd fit in with them better. There's A big control group. I'm just wondering. You Should get some boosters, Doug, right now. Get some fucking boosters. How had the Vaccines get a goddamn booster, Bro? I went to see Beetlejuice And you liked his wine, Right? Bub? I went to see Beetlejuice and in the middle of the fucking previews. Beetlejuice From Howard Stern. No. Where's he come? The movie Beetlejuice Beetlejuice two, the new one. It was great. It was great. It was Good. Yeah. It wasnt woke. Was it woke? No, no, no, no. It was fun. It was fun. It was really good. But the point is, they have, what's that guy's name? John Legend Was it? He does a fucking Covid commercial. Yeah. We shows his bandaid playing piano shows. Nothing gay. Yeah, there's nothing gay. He was at Diddy party. There's no, if you are doing COVI vaccine commercials, you partied a hundred percent.


Or you want that money Or you just trusted the Coverage. Didn't they say that they paid Travis Kelty like $20 million? Yeah, I was making, I was making fun of Him. Max just answered back match. I'm back on the max. Fuck you guys, Let's go back. It Wasn good. Oh Dude, I Told it. Max looks good. You guys sleep on Holloway. Both you guys, you fucking don't know anything. This guy. Look at that. He's Got a good reach, man. That reach manage is nice. He's Max Holloway. He's blessed. He's got A little bit of blood coming out of his nose. It's all Right. It's all right. It's been here before. Yeah. Topis nose pretty too. Look At this. Oh, that's a nice chest. Oh, Good hook. Look at This. Oh, nice. Look at this. Oh Yeah. Everybody wants to sleep on Max. Unbelievable. Put respect on his name still Max. And by the Way, by the way, he stands right in the middle of the, he's not, you're not getting him against the game.


Not just that there iss also the five round thing. Yep. Right. Max has been to these wars with Vul Kovski. Carl Max does his fight. Fight. And Ko Is, oh Look, he heard him. Heard him with that left hook. You heard him? I'm back to, Where's that app? Where's that fucking app? Whoa. Is por blackout? Yes. Dang. I wanna wanna see that under who that drop? Oh, that's a good question. Wow. Wait. Okay. Oh, that's good. I thought they were standing Them up Round, Like, holy fuck. Let's see. So don't you think they should start right back where they just ended? I get your argument. A good question. That's A good question. 100%. I don't Like It. It's one fight. It's not five fights. Max didn't stand up, stood up.


It's three rounds. You restarted the round five. It's a good, it's a good question. Five rounds. It's fair. And what? There it is, Jorge and Augustine. Clement, What is that? Spanish It. Okay. Okay, Now, now let's see. Some of this highlights. I wanna see that left hook. Me too. Here's a shot. Took him down. Right. There You go. Yep. Boom. Now that counts straight up as a take down. Yeah. Oh Yeah. A hundred percent. What the boom, A grazing shot there. There was one good left hook that dropped it. Wasn a hard low. Yeah, It was. Look at this. Boom. Good Shit. Evan gets Clipped Maxwell answer back. Oh, he Slow. Oh, he just not, Not a down. Will they call it as a knockdown then? No, no. It's a Take down.


It is a take down. It is a take down. It was a slip. Oh, he slipped. Well that's better because I thought he got rocked. Me too. Yep. But take down kind allowed counts as a knockdown a little Bit. You're you're not allowed Right. Are allowed Of around. It's something. He's still on his back. He means a lot. Certainly won the round. Are you Allowed IVs in Saudi Arabia or No? Nowhere in the U ffc. No, Dude, Nowhere. Which I, I think that's Stupid. I think, well, the, you can mask steroids unfortunately. Yeah. Oh really? That's issue. Yeah. You could flush it outta your system and then you take a, a urine test And it doesn't show. Remember there's all that news about ache. Good one. Remember all that leaked shit? Yeah, but that wasn't real. There's photos of him news before that news. Yeah. It wasn not what it wasn from. Yeah. Dude, this is going to be, oh, This is good stuff. They were claiming that they knew the lady who gave it to 'em. Yeah, I heard from what I talked to the UFC guys.


It wasn bullshit. They could be wrong. I don't know fake news though. But what I heard from the inside was that it was bullshit. He had that bruise on his arm Bullshit from before. Yeah. Max is, max is that damn good Boxer Max. Like if someone squeezes your fucking arm, you can get a bruise there too. Yeah. It looks a lot like an injection. Yeah, Dude. So who knows? But I think they should be able to do it a hundred percent. It's healthier. I don't think they should cut weight. But that's another story. You boys are just trying to change the U ffc. I am. I'm trying. Get rid Of the cage. What would you limit to God, Joe? What would you Get Rid of the cage. No gloves and restart in between Rounds. Why do you have gloves on your hands? But you don't have anything on your elbows and your shins. Exactly. It's crazy Because you got common Sense. Hey, common sense.


Got knees. No, just keep it the way it is. It's fucking great. Oh, Beautiful. Low kick. You got a heavy low kick. Oh one two. Keep the fluoride in the water too. Yes. Left hook. Yes. Keep left. Hook by ilio. Keep the water fluoride in the water. And keep the UFC the way it is, bro. I keep them boosters coming in. There's time. Are you four Boosters? I'm getting, I don't know anything about 'em. I I don't know them. You love boosters? No. I just know that my parents are 85 and they love 'em. Just shut the fuck up. Right hand. Right hand by Ilea. Huh? Oh, another kid. That kid. Oh. Oh. He's walked into a jab. It's the differences in the firepower. When Ilya hits him, it's fucking, yeah, it counts. Dangerous. Every shot is like a thudding shot, although over Five rounds.


Oh yeah, man, listen, the thing about Max is he can keep this going. He conserves his energy. Well, he's a champion. Yep. He knows how to really fight a war in five rounds and have enough gas to sprint at the end. He knows where he is at. Oh. Oh, he got st He got stung. That's the hook. That left hook was hard. Ah, man, it's gonna be tough on Max to make, He's getting heavy little again. Make chopped until PI's getting his timing. It's gonna be tough for Max. And Max is not getting No. Oh, there's a good jab. Oh, he hit with a right hand anyway. Also, max isn't getting his respect. So he's sitting down on shit Now too. Well, I think Max is a little hurt right now. I think that's far his left hook. They're getting serial. It's, it's not affecting Topi though. Topis down to exchange. But he's still in there, man. Oh, he's still in there. The thing is, it's like Max has been hurt.


Yeah, for sure. So he's fighting a little bit hurt here. Oh, another one. Damn. Damn, damn. Topia is too good. No, Topia is just, Damn. He's so crazy. He felt this power went, all right, let's, let's ride. He's such a good boxer. He's such a good boxer. He's so crisp. Yes, but he's getting caught. He just got caught again. Ur just got caught again. Hey man, this is still a fight. It's A fucking fight Max. And it's Max Holloway. He finds a way, man. Always caught. There's a good left foot. 40, 40 to 40 to 27 head shots for in favor of Max. That's because He is touching him. Yeah, But it's significant strikes. The difference is the impact of the other shots. You can't really count. Like you, you look at the momentum of a fight and Max is, You know, he's grazing him. He's hitting him with shots. But you can't dictate the guy winning based off volume.


No. If he's not blaming When depo's hitting him, he's hurting him. Yes. But Max is like mixing it up. Well, I like how he's throwing all these kicks in now. God. But this has been grueling. Two great fighters. My God. This, this is the top of the heat, man. This Fighting is at its best. This is such a good division shuttle. I wonder if Max is gonna feel less good at 45 here as he did at 55. A hundred Percent. You mean? 'cause he is more drained. Yeah. I Wonder, I wonder if it's having impact. So I, at his age, 32. Yeah, I wonder. But in, in fight years, he's 77. I wonder if it's having an impact. Look at this. Oh, nice one too. Dude. God, that Hurts. Nice jab. Look at this. See, this is, oh Fuck. Geez God. He was, he him.


Ilia comes in though. They're terrifying. Yep. One of those things clips you. It's la la land. One minute to go. Here we go. That stomped the thighs. Good. Elliot just has to get max going backwards. Remember, it's Tough to do. Benson Henderson would punch you in the thigh. Remember that? Oh yeah. He did all kinds. He's the first calf kicker. God Was He? Yeah. Benson Henderson was the first guy. It wasn kicking the shit outta people's cals. Were Cav kicks normal in Muay Hai? No, they weren't. Not really. Man. Never saw. They're using them more now because of MM a's so Interesting. You don't see the knee stomp as much anymore. I mean, I guess John hasn't been active, but you don't see it as much. Oh, at this Look at Max. Well, Khalil, oh Christ. That's Got lil round. She had the scariest.


It gets MEUs. God, he's Max, I mean, oh, he just did one. Max is taking punishment in his fucking leg though. He's Not checking the leave. That left leg kicks. Yeah. Speed up. Ugh. Oh. Oh. Right hand. It wasn a good right hand. Mm. Grazed him. Jesus Christ. I'd rather get the vaccine guys. Am I right? So I think you already did Eddie. Man, Eddie doesn't fuck around. I Feel like, I think you got it just to stay with your agency or something. I didn't get anything. I'm shocked you didn't get anything. I would, I would guess if say, what do you think Brian Callen got? I, I would say he got all the boosters Right. You think I'm, you think I'm status quo? Totally. Yeah. The thing is, he got covid before there was a vaccine. I I will listen.


I'm more apt to listen to a doctor though, typically right Than us. Yeah. Than Eddie Bravos. You guys, you piece of shit. Wow. You're a bad friend. You know how many hours I spent on YouTube? Bob, you don even know. You don't even know. Went to You went Touni. YouTube University. Yeah. Basically PhD. Yep. Went to rock. You do to university. You have talked to a lot of Scientists, Joe. I definitely have a lot. So, You know, I, I Check and Dr. Malone. Yeah. I've talked to the guy who invented mRNA technology, but that is Nine patent. No, I listen to that. That guy, That guy. If you listen to that guy, the guy who invented it, you're like, oh, you're not a sorry this, you're not a doctor. And he the guy, it's his who invented it. But you're still, you're still coming at me with, with, oh, you don't know shit. He had a terrible, but Dr. Malone and, and Dr. Malone had a terrible cardiac event after the vaccine.


Really? And that's when he went bad on it. I to his body. But no, You keep, You keep Reading. You're not a doctor. You keep reading that. Here we go guys. I'm, you're not a doctor. Yeah. Keep reading your own stuff. He had Malone on twice. You had him? No, I had him on once. Once and, and, and the other guy. What's the other guy's name? Peter McCullough. P He doesn't matter. No, he matters. Okay, here we go. You're not a doctor. Here We go, boys. No, I'm, I'm with you. I'm with you. No, You're not Brown. Three. Here we go. I just like to ask questions On the streets. You'd be dead. You'd be dead on the streets. They call him street smart in jail whenever he gets on the streets. Nice lefthand. Well, You're not a doctor, But You know, isn't it funny how we're all in an echo chamber in our own way?


Like, Eddie's like how, how is anybody believing? Well, a lot of people, most people believe in the vaccine. Oh, I don't, I disagree with my that. Oh my God. You know what I'm saying though? I disagree with that. That's what I'm saying. Guys, guys, guys. Shut the Fuck up. The vaccines, the streets. Let's watch the fight. Kill You. Let's watch the fight. Let's watch the fight. This is boring. Yeah. This is a great fight. It is. Sorry guys. This fight's too good. The thing is like Max just doesn't have the pop at 45. I think that even he does at 55. I agree. That's why I want him at 55. Volume though. Volume. But I don't know if they were gonna give him a title shot. Well, I think these guys that drain themselves, like there's a point of diminishing returns. Look at this. Nice. Right. Man's Catching him. He's still a warrior. Oh, he's warrior. That s stomped The dies legit. All that shit that keeps doing that. Brendan said people don't do.


I know he's doing it like a motherfucker And he's doing it well, The John Jones, he's Beeping in. Yep. I think he's coming around this third round. Oh, oh Rock. Oh shit. Oh my goodness. He's getting rock shit. Oh, that the body, goodness, goodness. Dude. Topoya throwing some heat. Max, Max will not let you pin him against a cage. And I like how he gets him hurt and goes to the body. He's Spanish. What is he against? Yeah, Georgia. Georgian by Spanish, but grew Up up in Spain. In Spain. Spain, Georgia. Oh, he dropped him with a left Hook. That's it. Oh Jesus. Oh, he's out. That's it. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Bad mother away. Oh, he's Georgian from Russia. That's the first time. Are you talking About Russia? Yes. That's the First Fucking time. So he's Russian, but he grew up in Spain, Bro.


The first guy to put away Max Holloway. Yo. But He's out on, he's on his back. That's How that, That's How that ends. Wow. He hits too hard. That's how good that guy is. Fuck. That's how good that guy is. That's 45. I'll tell you what, that's 45. The fraud meter. They're not supposed, they're Not supposed to be that much power At 45. I think it happens at 55. The fraud meter's gotten cold, Bro. That guy's so legit. I think it happens even at 55 To do that, to Max. Wait, you think what happens at 55? I think that same thing happens to Max 50. Well, I wonder if Max against, who Is like drained against Dip could go up to 55. And Who's the champion right now? Who's The he's gonna have trouble with. Oh, You thinking he fucked him? Wrestling. Wrestling. He wants to max before Max. If no, no. Ilia Hass been 45 as whole career.


Except the Jai Herbert fight took that on short notice and knocked out. Ja Herbert. God, Ilia is a beast, man. He's, he's the fucking 100% real deal. And he Says he is gonna win this one and then go to 55. But he said that. Yeah, But he's perfect for 45. He's Perfect. He's built for 45. I These guys wanna jump around. You see him Against Islam. I mean, I mean, That would be amazing. Would Be Amazing. That's the super fight. Be 100%. It would be amazing. The guy's a beast. It's A hundred million dollar fight, Right? He's so fucking good, man. He's, he's kissing Steve Harvey. Unbelievable. Steve Harvey's like, I'm, I'm here. I mean, he's doing comedy and shit. Steve Harvey had no idea who that guy is. Now He comedy gets In front of Muslims. This is crazy, man. Man, that's the first time for Max. So for Superior, No shame. He was doing great. But fuck What Lopez, what off the top of your head, what kind of like, hack jokes can you tell in front of like a Muslim crowd?


Good Lord, if you, Steve Harvey, do you have anything off? Good luck. I'm not. You got, you got something. Show hat. I'm not gonna say, oh, what did the guy, what? Three guys walking through a bar. A Muslim, a Jew, and a like something. You gotta have something, right? Ul Schulze did stand up down there. Said he crossed. Like, what would you do? What would you, if, if you got thrown Onto the stage, what Did they say? Would you do your Scottish shit? I don know Scott, do your Scottish shit. I don't know, dude. Respect. We missed something. They were talking to each other. They Would just respect To appear. Give him love. Respect. Given a legend. Respect. Let's see it again. Let's see it again. Here it is. Oh, head Kate. This Is the end. Moved His arm out the way. Boom. That's it right there. Right. Flash right in. Goodness. It wasn it, It wasn it. Oh my goodness. That's, oh my goodness. Did he recover from that?


No. No. That's really possible. This was later. Yeah. Look at, Oh, that left hook was Ferocious. Fuck it. Wasn it, it wasn it. This is it. Look at this impact. This. Oh shit. Flush Bro. He does that to everybody. His left hook is, He does It to How Many left Hook Kaos have? He has? He Had, oh, his right hand. Kaos too. Ja Harbert was a right hand. Koski is a right hand. The left hook So hot right now. They're both, that's Alex too. They're they're both in. I mean, he just, And then there was just hammer fist right there. His boxing is buddy. His Boxing is the best. Holy, holy shit. I Think he literally is the best boxer in U Ffc. Dang. And you would know You're those hammer fists. Yeah. S a beast Man. The left hook. You were showing me the, he, I, I was talking about how I, I I never had a left hook ever.


I had zero power with my left hook. And I had this bag, this water heavy bag in front of my house that I would hit once a day. I go, I'm gonna develop a left hook. And then he showed me some technique. Done. Opened you up a little bit, right? Yeah. Opened your whole world. That Check. Dude, he showed me some, created some possibilities. He showed me the hip rotation on My hook. It's all in the hips, Bubba. It's all in the hips. I don't teach a lot of people that. You gotta take my workshops. You'll Get Steven Segal over here. Yeah. Yeah. I'm very, very, I'm very restrictive in who I teach that to. You've earned it. You've earned it. And I give that to you. It's my gift. But Joe's not gonna learn it and Brenda's Not gonna learn it. Who's, Can you explain? Hold on, on, can you explain the, the details of the left hook? Yes. And the Scottish accent. Yes. I work from my Scott, I work from my root chakra.


My root chakra, and on my tent. So stupid. Don't You know that, that's what I do. I take a small centerpiece Step and you'll drop ia. Cappo Is my student. What do you do in Scotland? And I, I took a small step. Good boy. Good. Great job. Max is gonna take a real head. You're my best dude. Now hug me, man. How you feel? Fucking I at the Body as What do you do with, of him? What you do with Max Joe?


55. Go back up to 55. I would say go back up to 55. Look at, Look at, You know, I Do with him. You know I do. Connor McGregor. Ooh. Oh, he'll knock Connor out now. All 55 or what? 55. I think Connor must have fight at 70. All right. 70. I bet Max Would do it. Jack Cormier's, Pimp suit do Suit. Cormier's pimp suit is beautiful. He looks like Steve Harvey fucking Say. Yes, he Does. Was that pink technically or maroon? That's a, that's that's A burgundy. That's a burgundy. Like this wine. That's not pink though, right? Hold on, Let's hear who he calls out. Oh, You know how much confidence you have to have to wear a pink suit? He just called out Mike Tyson guys. No, he said good things about Max. He was talking about Mike Tyson at the CPI.


At the what? The cellular performances. Two down Tijuana. Where you saw him. Oh Shit. Cellular performance. You're going to my one. You like that one? I Like It. I'm gonna Be small. Portion X the new generation. So all the credit to Max. All the credit to Max. Always. And he's a new generation. We Had this expectation, By the way, he's only two years younger than Max. Yeah. But this, the new generation man, Max's been fighting since he was 18. That's right. You guys Younger than that. Like You were And UFC bud 18. And it was just right hand. Oh. Oh my goodness. I Don't like seeing that. I don't like seeing that This left hook is nasty. Mrs. Mrs then Swung Hands down too.


Bryce. Oh, so much power. You think it's the tattoo on his back? Brian? What's that buddy? The tattoo on his back think that contributes to his Power. I I I do, I do not Tell why. Is it low enough to be considered a tramp stamp? No, It goes all the way up To his top. It goes all the way down to his crack. But that is, that is, that represents the double helix. Right. And life, you understand Life and all the chakras and shit, right? Well, it's when your chakras are aligned. Oh, anyone's getting more drunk. Do you like this Wine? I'm not even drunk. Fucking love this wine. That's hilarious. Just Don't give that tequila. It's from pasta. Rob. It the, it's like AEA wine. The tomahawk is out, But most of the pasta, Rob Jesus is A drink wine. He made it. Dude, This is food outta water. This Is 11 years old.


This wine, 11 years old. Here. The thing is, all wine gets made out. Water. Can you imagine Why you need water to make Grapes? When Jesus did that? What's that? Koski, uhoh. Damn. He's like, yo Do again. They're gonna do it again. Vulcans is probably like, who, Who wouldn't be? Let's do it again. Slow down. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. It's Spain. Can we we party first. Let's just hang out and be friends. Yeah, we'll, we'll do it in Spain. That'd be fun, Man. He's like, they're both class acts though. Fucking Yeah. No. 100% class acts, Man. What do you do with Lopez Diego? Look a Can I just say something? One more fight? I one More fight. Say one thing. Daniel Cormier was a heavyweight and he's a little taller than por.


That's why Daniel Cormier is one of the most impressive Fighters. Daniel Cormier probably could have fought 85 if he was one of those crazy dudes. Correct? Correct. Did if he shredded down, he could have been 55. No, dude, He fought it heavyweight. Two or Five. No. If he, if he lost all that shit. Shit. He's 75 now. He's five 10. Do You know Thick? He is. No, he's five nine. You know how thick he is now? Five nine. Exactly. He's so big. If he shredded up, no dude. Like, fucking remember, remember who was that guy from Canada when he, He's built different, he would die If he got to 55. Do you remember the, the guy from Canada? He's like 1 45 shredded. He hit From the UFC? Yes. What did he do? Tell me, what did he Did like, like maybe 10, 10, 15 years ago. Hok Dominic? No, not ick. No. No. Hoick wasn't true. No, not Hok. Not hok.


Another, there was another guy. Wait, wait in, in that era. Wait, A guy who, there was another Guy. Wait, you're saying he sucked a lot of, he looked like an alien. What was his name? Fuck. I Don't know. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Big hands, big hands. What? Canada. Sam Stout? Yes. Stamp Stout. Watch a Sam Stout fucking weigh in. Dude. He looks like fucking like an alien. So does Conor McGregor at 45. Oh At 45. Horrible. Oh, he was deathly. Oh My God. He looked horrible at 45. Did you see that? How did You know every pie, I guess. Did you see that? Is What is Max saying? What's Max saying? I'll see you again my friend. You're a Trooper friend. I don't think said I'll see you again. Said I'll see you again my friend. He said, Hey, did you hear about that girl in PFL was weight cutting.


And her, she's been in a coma. I did hear about that. What's, What happened with that? That Sucks. How much does she weigh? I don't know. She's, she's been in a coma. I think she's doing better, but I don't know. Fuck. Weight cutting is so dangerous and so unnecessary. Didn't Aviva end up in the hospital trying? I don't believe so. Yeah, he did when he was gonna fight Tony Ferguson. Really? A kidney a failure. That's Right, Bro. That's so damn crazy. Brendan's encyclopedia. Yeah. Cyclo motherfucker. Yeah. It's almost like we're throwing him softballs just to see, see dude, Like I wanted John Jones. You're, you're probably studying two hours a night That fight on how many days down this God damn. I'm gonna, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna Google throw some, he, he's wearing the Google glasses.


Do you see those glasses that you can wear? And they, like you, they have facial recognition technology. So you can look at a stranger And it, it'll start scrolling everything about them on the end. I Don't want that. So you can look at a stranger. Yeah. And picks up their face And it goes, oh, this guy's, this, you get their credit Score, whatever, go for a Google search. They'll find their home address. And You know the difference between virtual reality and augmented reality? No. Augmented reality is you put the glass, so you could put those fucking meta goggles on and you can be in a different dimension. Yeah. You could be fucking fighting zombies in a desert. Or you could put the glasses on and you see everything in the room, but then other shit pops up. Pokemons and shit. Yeah.


Yo, it's augmented dude. There's, there's a, a company called an app called Soap Box. And dude, it's, you put these glasses on and you could have like Metallica jamming in your fucking room. And it's like, you see everybody here. But then James Hetfield is right here playing guitar. It is crazy. Do you think good With fighting? Is there any way you could have like these fighting in a virtual That's coming? No. That's augmented reality is you see everything. Yeah. But new shit pops up, You know? You know what you could do that for. You could do that. Like the same way the ties used, like play sparring. Yeah. You could spar without getting hurt. Right. Learn how to slip tie you, you would, you would need to do real s sparring too. Yeah. But it probably could help you.


A Hundred percent. They have, they have something similar in football. But in baseball too, what they have now is the pitchers where It is a virtual reality. Yeah. And he gets, does the whole windup. And it comes Because you want the, they need hand recognition. They need to see the release. Right. So they have the technology now where the release comes out and then the machine shoots it out. Curve Ball sinkers. I have this 15-year-old. What does this, oh yeah, I've seen this. This giant screen. We gotta get the feed for this. For the Fight Companion. I know, right? What is it? So it, We could send it. They should be able to send it to Us. What it is is they, they go to see it and they're in front of a hundred foot screen. What the fuck? You're standing like literally on the edge of the octagon watching it way bigger than we're watching. This Is what happens in the meta headset. You can do this with headsets done better than, but this is physical.


This isn't Real. Like it's Crazy. Right. But there's place, there's a place in Los Angeles, Jamie. That's way better than this. It's Not Well this is the first one. This is the same company Though. Oh, okay. The same company. I was just trying to find the UFC. Oh, maybe it's just a different video. But there they had one of the Yuri Prohaska versus Pereira fight. And it's bananas. Like you're watching this enormous screen and they're serving drinks. There it goes. And it's better than being there live. Well It's already Killed the media Because you also can get commentary. It's already killed a movie industry. Where is this? So they have one in Dallas. I think they have one in, maybe in LA That's better. I think it's in la, right? Yeah. That's amazing. It's called Cosm. This Is the, yeah. So look at the screen. Look. So look how this is, look how big the fucking screen is. So you're right there.


Basically you're better than there. Yeah. They have a different feed than you can get on TV In there. That's there. I went to the UFC at the sphere. Oh my God. It Wasn hard. Have you ever done that? You Went to a wedding? Yeah. Yo, that dude, I was there. I did commentary. You were there. I was there at the sphere for the Ufc. What do you mean you were there? I was there in the Audience. UFC noche. How come you didn't fucking tell me? I went with the CPI guys. Oh. And dude, he asked if you were there when I went, when I, How are you fucking I was working. Yeah, you were busy. Joe. Joe Rogan was there. Joe Rogan was there. So God busy. Yeah. Well you, You know what I got. I didn't even of best friends. I wasn't planning on going. I got invited last minute. I got picked up in a private jet.


I'm like, how am I gonna say no? So we're dude, that sphere. Shit. Amazing. It's fucking insane, Doc. Insane. I was thinking there's no way you can go back to regular UFCs after this live. Have you done the spear? The spear thing? The sphere? Well, we did live. It's I, It's insane, dog. It's fucking crazy. It's so much money though. It's too much money. I'd rather have better cards than the Apex. How was it? What'd you think about that? Oh, that's right. You didn't Like It. It wasn your official. Did you Like It Joe? It wasn your official. Yeah. I'd loved it dude. It Was insane. It was incredible experience in before the fan. It Was incredible. Do you think it'd Be a Reput Thing? It was incredible. That's What it looked Like. It was incredible. Back It up a little bit, Jamie. Back it up a little bit. I was Blown the fuck. This is what it Looks like.


Yeah. Wow. It was crazy. It's amazing. But it's so much more expensive. It wasn like 20 million. They gotta make it cheaper just To do. They gotta make it cheaper. No big deal. I Think the fights are enough though. If you need all shit for the fights, if could do it. If you could do it, nothing is too expensive. This is what I, if you could do it, what I do it, it's business. This is what I think once a year, once a year, once a year we do this here. Yes, we're getting to a point. But you do it July 4th, American Independence, all that shit. All that shit. But you gotta keep doing it. I'll tell you what though. The Mexican, Mexican independence tape was pretty fucking dope, dude. There be an American and you have bone nickel. Look at this. What's Gonna happen is there's gonna be a sphere in every major city. And it's con like concerts, Bans.


So Bands doing this And it so expensive dude Bands. So You need, it's never too expensive. I know, but Eddie, Eddie, Eddie, it's never too expensive. You're not right. It's not, it's not, it, it's not too expensive Because you can't make money off the tickets. You need Vegas for this because Vegas Technology gets cheaper and cheaper and cheaper and cheaper. That's true. You can get a fucking 90 fucking, you go to Best Buy and get a 90 foot fucking screen for $200. I think it's more than they Were supposed to make 400. You don to start. And they only made this one. The next one they're gonna make is way smaller. But You know, but you hold On. Eventually the price goes down, Eddie. You Know, so the sphere's losing their ass. They're like in billions of dollars in debt. Yeah. Do we know this? No. Yes. We're getting, The business model is not working.


It's too expensive. Okay. So whether it's too expensive or not right now, whatever you're saying technology just, just based on the experience money. But just based on the experience, it's too No, no. What I'm saying is the possibilities. Yeah, because I didn't pay shit. I got free tickets and I thought it was the most amazing experience. I've been a 9,000 UFC shows. Yeah. And this one was the best. But We're getting to a Point where, but you don't need it though already. No. Like, wouldn't you rather a, if you don't need it, but why not have it? We're getting to a point where anything you can imagine visually, you can have. And I, it's too expensive where The ceiling's too much money. We gotta pay. Oh my God, I missed these shows. Come on. I, these shit Doing a brand shop.


Im nation. That's too expensive, bro. I mean, It's too expensive. Got Saudis, get the Saudis involved. They were involved in this one. It wasn Riyad season. Riyad season was partially sponsor. Sponsor The I'm. And when you're sitting in the fucking, when you're watching all that shit, you watching and you're watching all that shit. It was so incredible. Amazing. That noche thing with all the Mexicans. And You know what? And then that chick got her fucking forehead split open. Goodness. What? It was crazy. You see it so up close To the person. They should, should have stopped that fight, huh? Yes. I think, I think they should have stopped that fight It wasn. And You know what? Never. And she was not Gonna stop. Irene Aldona is a beast. Monster. She's a monster. She was not gonna stop. But don't, that doesn't need to happen. But what Do you think about that? Do you think they should stop fights when Somebody taking a huge, when it's that bad of a cut? That's a crazy cut, man. Their cut was like six inches long in a fork.


They should allow, I think in between rounds, they should allow them to sew that shit out. No, no. Yeah. You watched Rambo. Remember Rambo. Rambo didn't Rambo did I agree. I agree to. I agree. So Sit up baby. We got pay-per-view. Stand Stand ups stay the same position. You have one minute to slow Up gloves, no gloves, and do cage and do all the fight at the sphere you have goes out the UFC. You should stitch men And you do it yourself. You gotta do it yourself with a Mirror. If, if the money wasn't an issue, if there, if the money wasn't an issue and technology was like super cheap, You said money's no issue, bro. No. If money was no issue, the fear is the the answer.


No. That's disagree. Fear is The answer. It might be too much of a distraction. Yes. If you need that to be entertained by the best fighters in the world, you a fucking, You know, you're talking about, come on, dog. Well, you want mushrooms. Eddie, when you went there, I was not a you don mushroom dog. I don't like Mushroom. It makes you feel like you're own Mushrooms. I did mushrooms three times and I had enough. Yeah. Like the, the universe told me you did enough. You see God. Yeah. Go live. Life's to, to make money. That's why you Two has to play there. Or the us have to Play there like 20 nights in a row. I, I, You know what I, you have stay spear to make money Because you bag, you bagged on the sphere. And I see that you have to stick with that. Still didn't make money. I get it. Still don't make money. Didn't stick with it. No, he, because he So much money to build. Technically He went out and just said, For being a business man, the Was Insanes sha was just being, It Cost $71 million operating.


It is In one quarter. They give, Hey, the government gives NASA at $19 billion a year, their debt, $19 billion a year at nasa. This Isn government, this is just a place where you go to see concerts. Jesus Christ. Hey Eddie. 8 49. Why million? Why bring a NASA into this shit, bro? Gymnastic gets $19 billion a year. Look, look, look, look. We can't go to the stop to watch A fight. Stop. It's not the same. You don't take tax money to make the spear. Look at this. But look at this. It says sphere entertainment faces near, near term debt pressures with 849.8 million coming due in October 24th, which is now, they owe a lot of money. The company is pursuing a workout with lenders to refinance the obligations. They're fucked, man. They're fucked. They're fucked. That's a lot of, that's almost a billion dollars in Get debt.


That's the hear Hold on, Stop before you talk. I just want, there's an operating loss of $71 million in the first Quarter. It, I get it. So this is gonna keep compounding quarter to quarter. Correct. That's four. Almost 400 million. A No, I get it. I get it. I get it. But let, let me finish. It's, it costs $500 billion. Okay. The sphere costs 500 billion. Right. It costs a hundred billion dollars. Right. Right. But that's the ultimate shit. You're gonna, so we figure out how to fucking pay for this dog. It's not worth, we gotta have every fighter going out on their Instagram fucking blowing it Up. It's a damn tree. It's a dm. You know, I mean, trip, It's rainforest. It's nothing is too expensive.


No. One of the greatest, greatest Is too Expensive. Greatest moments in any event that I've ever seen is Kamar Usman getting knocked out by Leon Edwards. He's losing five rounds of, I imagine that in the Fear Dog get 10. He can't fucking believe it. It doesn't matter. It's like anywhere that that happens, a moment like that, you're like, what? Oh my God. You're talking about Jack Johnson. Shit, then Come on. I get it. Okay. Mike Tyson, Mike Tyson, Mike Tyson on Mitch Green. You're talking about Mike. Okay, we get it. Look at that. Look at that. They posted a 200 million, $201 million net loss on revenue of 1.03 billion. Okay. This is What I'm gonna, I'm gonna Predict this. A billion. And they lost 200 million.


That's nearly double the 573.8 million revenue number in the prior year. That's not a good, Not good numbers. Okay. It's gonna fail. It's gonna fail. It's a bad, I've been saying this whole, no, You know What they're gonna do. It's get real cheap and the Saudi's gonna buy it. Exactly. Technology is cheap, guys. You can get a VCR right now for $3. But, But tho those Saudis, those are actually really expensive. Dude. Vcr, these are Really expensive. I'm glad Make VCRs are $3. But Joe, but Joe with the technology goes down. Have you guys noticed that? You haven't noticed the technology keeps going down, going and then you have vision.


You're like, okay, technology comes Down. Shit's expensive. Now we're gonna have 234 bucks for a VC. That's so expensive. We're Gonna have, we're gonna have the Dude, I'm shocked that they're $280. That's expensive as shit. Yo. Jamie goes, it's actually really expensive. Like, whoa. Not too long. I was fucking going crazy. That's way more expensive than I, I would realistically, I thought they'd be like 50 to, But You know, the craziest thing about 49, give Away these apple ar goggles. So they were super light. You could put them on and you could watch a movie and like you watch Avatar, like it's on a hundred foot screen. I just, I can't see who's around me, So it makes me nervous. No, you could see through it. You can make it this size and you could see your house.


Fuck other than that screen, You know, it's could point to a wall. You could point it to a wall. Like this wall right here. Yeah. You could fill that wall up to your desired size with a screen and watch a film on. And not, not only the desired size, but on soapbox you whatever band you could see. Yeah. You could see, you could have a, you could put 'em right here. Yeah. Or you could put 'em over there way in the corner of the kitchen. I don't, with their backs. Hold on. You could be behind them. Or you could Go right Here. Beyonce's feet. It's crazy. I feel like No, no, seriously. You could put the, you could put should, You could put these VR Characters wherever you want. You could see You be like right there. You have a good voice. By The way. That's a good Beyonce. I didn't know you could dance doc. Dude. Look, I, I did not know that.


Look. Didn't look what I'm doing. I didn't know that. Why? Because I'm moving from where my roots are. It's from your box. It's from your box. Where's the smelling salts? Okay Dude, we gotta end Smelling salts. End with That One. Let's end with that. We we're gonna end with the smiling salts. I didn't get 'em yet. Oh. But these are all good. We'll find out. Some of these have, dude, what if we're all, Let me ask you this. What if this is a simulation If you keep Extrapolating, But some of them have to be, holy Shit. Oh no. Are these dos and I'm not gonna do it. But they haven't, they haven't been freshly Open. I'm gonna watch you guys do it. No, he's Gonna do it. The fresh, the freshly open ones are definitely the best. Insane in the Membrane would be a good song for this one. And Send Insane. And the Cypress cell. Oh shit.


You take good deep. Oh, come on. Get that big. You gotta get in there with those. You gotta get in there with those. Ah, fuck. Get it here guys. Here. Bring your hands here. Here. It's, it's the membrane. It's hand of the brain of the membrane. Throw. It's end of the brain. Eddie, you should go on that hot wing show. Say in the Membrane. You should go on that hot ring show and talk about flat Earth and Aliens. Yeah. Devils. Oh my God. It's say of the brain. Oh, This is weak. I need a stronger one. Yeah, I could have smelled that all day. Okay, next. Me too. You got a real one. You know what that last one was in that straw? That's a new one. It's of the, the new one.


The one brain. It's the brown. That's, that's the real deal. That's good. Oh fuck. Oh, where does shit go now? Ah, yeah. What is this one? Stronger one, which, oh, that's the strongest one, right, Danny? It's from here. Here? No, this one Stronger. Oh, that one stronger. That one stronger. Go down.


Good guys. It's good. Oh fuck Yeah. That's stronger, right? That one's It. Wasn. S A one. That's the strongest one. I'm getting used to it though. We solved a lot of problems. I can hang with it. Yeah. This is is A stronger one. One of my favorite scenes in any movie. Gimme that of all time. What's that opening scene of Blade? That's the song From, that's Joey Di when All the va vampires. All the vampires. Hey Joe, here's my question. Back to the fighting with the Saudi money. Yeah. How long are they gonna keep investing? 'cause they're losing their ass. They, if you notice nobody's don't give Avar. Well, You know, they're never coming back to America. 'cause they lost their ass on the Terrance Crawford fight. So they're not coming back here. Did lose. They lost. Well, You know that they're in business with Dana White now.


Okay. So this is what's going on. So Dana White and Riyad season are gonna start promoting boxing. So, which I think Dana and Boxing's perfect. Can't tell you all the plans, but apparently his Excellency had a very difficult time with a lot of the boxing promoters. Didn't enjoy working with the boxing people. And he is essentially what he said to Dan. He is like, how the fuck did you deal with these people? Yeah. He is like, I was trying to tell you. And he is like, why don't we do something? Dan's like, let's talk. Oh, beautiful. And so that's what's happening right now. Happens Now we'll see the best And rest. Now That happens. You're gonna have very similar things to what, what the Saudis are doing. The Saudis are just saying, I wanna see this fight. So what is it gonna cost? And they don't care if people are in the stands. But say Fox Martin Ley, when he fought Jared Anderson.


Yes. They didn't. Jared Anderson's people were saying, do not take that fight. But Martin Ley, who's the most dangerous fucking guy in the heavyweight division that nobody knows about. Do You know that guy? No. From the Congo? I don't know him, Bro. Martin B's fucking terrified. Really? There's a guy in, there's a black guy in one FFC from fucking Africa somewhere. Rug. Rug. Yes. Rug. Oh fuck. Guy name. He's from Che. Whoa. Yeah. That guy's say Jack off this guy. Martin b Martin Bley. Jared Anderson, bro. This guy, that guy. He is the most, this is Martin Bley. He's The most, that's not the guy. The most feared heavyweight. He's fucking huge. And Jared Anderson was undefeated. He was like the American prospect.


And Oles just starts putting it to him. And he's really hard to hit too, man. Oh, this guy. This guy. Guy's fighting. Good. Move the guy with backpack. Look at the head movement. Jones. Roy Jones Jr. Teaches that guy. That's his protege. Wow. He just took this fight a little too early. And B'S just, fuck He, He's young. He's young. He's like 28. How, how much does he weigh? Look at that. Oh damn. He's like, Boom. Is he gonna be in there with Mac? Cole's like 2 66. Tyson Fury and all that shit. Yes. He's in the mix. He's the next though. Oh, he the Next one. No, but he's, he can do it right now. He fucks those guys up in sparring. Like the stories about this guy in sparring. Everybody he brings in, he, he gives them a world of hell. But I think you let, and I think Dana go into boxing's great. 'cause you let Dana get involved with this guy and turn these guys into this actual star.


I'm telling you man, nobody knows who this guy is. Martin Ley. He's the fucking future. He's a problem. Yeah. He's the future. That's the future. He knocks everybody out. He's got an iron chin. No Losses. I don't know if he has any losses. This kid, young man, he might have one. They throwing a towel early in his career, but they stopped the fight. He gotta stop the fight. He beat the brakes off that dude. He Looks like a giant Rick Ross. He's huge Too. He's, what's his record? Let's see what his record is. He's From Los Angeles. One Loss. One loss. I think he has one loss early in his career. How The fuck did he lose? He's from, but we haven't seen him Against the top, top top thousand 18. Mike Michael Hunter beat him. We gotta look into That guy. Six years ago. We haven't seen him against the biggest, the best guys though, right? Yet? Not yet. He's always, That's The talk about me.


You know, but he, as he keeps coming up to talk about him and sparring, is that nobody likes it. Ugh. It's terrifying. Ugh. And then when you see him beat up Anderson, that's the word. Is that like, Anderson should have avoided him. He looks like George Foreman now fight. Huge dude. Huge dude. Yeah. Similar to, so the, that fight only took place 'cause the Saudis were like, Hey, like Bob Arum was just talking about it, saying he shouldn't have taken the fight. Yeah. And that he advised them to not take the fight. But Jared Anderson doesn't have that kind of Floyd May with type money. And all of a sudden the, the Saudis are like, how much? How much? Because they print money And then they came up with the amount and he is like, okay, I'll take it. And they're Like, it took a fight. It just too early. It's wild. I mean, they, they're giving us the fights we wanna see, but the crowd, because there's no natural fan base there. Like they're, they're not getting, but A lot of people are flying in there to see those fights too.


Sure. Because it's such a big Deal. And that's what their hope is. Tourism. But, but as far as Like It get There, it'll happen. It'll, as long as they be cool with like western ideas and don't fuck with women wearing skirts and shit like that. Yeah. As long as they change. There's a zone. As long as You don allow Yeah. Allow Westerners to come there and feel safe. Like, like Dubai. Yeah. Dubai is like one of the safest fucking places on earth here. Here's what sorting. Now if you, if you leave a Rolex on the ground in Dubai, someone will fucking turn it in. Sure. Do You know the, the, there's, you would think that Mexico is like the least safest place. But do You know that five cities in Mexico are among the top eight in the safest cities in North America? Yeah. The cartel doesn't like violence.


It's bad. No, exactly. There's certain cities where the cartel doesn't allow any violence. Yeah. Like Marita Marita, it's by Cancun. Safest city in north. Oh dude is in Mexico. Dude. The same city is In north. Everybody's getting paid in Mexico. Smart Dude. I, who Would've ever Thought that Big a good deal, dude. Looks, looks like Vegas was run by the mob. It was great, bro. I made, I made a mistake. Crazy. I was talking about the, the cartel. 'cause there's, they have the Baja 1000 Baja 500, like all the off-road races. And I was like, yeah, there's some killing. And I had my information off, dude. The offroad community was like, say what? 'cause it's super safe. Like, no dude, you're fucking us. Oh. Like we're, we can't get tourism down here. 'cause that's the narrative in America. Yeah. Every time someone gets whacked it, it becomes big news when people get whacked in America Every day.


All the time. Every day. All the time. Super sick. Yeah. It's Only when Oakland Oak Oakland is like, like what's going on in Oakland To drive, You should drive through those Oakland shanty towns where you have these homeless communities that go for blocks and blocks and Blocks. And cops don't show up. Nope. In East Oakland you're talking about the don't show up. I think you're talking about the, talking about Oakland Oakland's. Way worse. Oakland Raiders left and raids are gone. They're all gone. Jamie Go to Oakland. Homeless camps. They're crazy. There's a lot of people, doctors. Is there a red or A blue state? Is there any of those? That red state. That's The booster state. I'm just Asking questions. Austin probably is the worst homeless problem. Well, maybe Dallas is a Homeless issue. Austin's outta control.


I just drove A lot better than la They're Trying to fix, they're trying to fix LA What Do you mean you don't know about Camps that have Been, Brian, your opinions are amongst the worst. What do you mean? Well, LA's A lot bigger. So we're gonna more homeless. It's also, they've actually mitigated the homeless people obviously consider they don't let 'em, they don't let 'em camp on the streets. Here. Here, you mean? No, they clean them up. If they do it under the underpasses, they do it for one night. Drove they come and they clean them up, man. But they actually move them out there cleaned Up. But Joe Really? Yeah. They cleaned it up substantially from when I first moved to But Joe, where, where we lived out in, and I still live there where used to live. We don't deal With homeless. No, but that's a different area. You're talking about the, you gotta go into downtown's the worst. Well, It's, No, no, I'm in downtown every day. All downtowns are are bad.


They've cleaned up a lot of it in downtown. Yeah, that's good. They're trying to, This is underpasses in Oakland. But by the way, by the way, ski Rose. So, so Austin has tackled their homeless problem. They've done a great job. I had the mayor in to talk to me about what he was gonna do. They bought hotels and they moved people in. There's a bunch of different programs out here where they're trying to give people life skills and they, they allow, it's a drug problem though, isn't it? It's a hundred percent a drug problem. Houston's Done the best job. Mental health and mental health. Houston's Done the best Job. And in what way? Really? Yeah. Houston's the best. Houston the best. They got it on it early. Yeah. Yeah. Really? Yeah. They got It early. Well, I taught, I had the mayor in here at the time, Steven Adler. And he said, you gotta take care of the problem before it gets too big. Like Steven a Adler's the drummer for Guns N Roses. I know.


Crazy. Same name. They, they were like, the first thing you gotta do is make sure it doesn't get as big as like LA says, where you can't do anything. It's too late. LA's too big. He's like, we only have like 2000, 3000 homeless people. He's like, we can put a stop to this. And And they, what do they do? Put 'em in rehab? They, they kill 'em. They make sausage. They they Homeless sausages. They have a bunch of, bro. I actually went to, I had one of the guys who runs one of those programs on the podcast. What was that gentleman's name again? Has Seattle and Portland done anything about their fucking insanity? No. They don't care either, dude. It It all They they finance it. Yeah. Yeah. It's amazing. Everyone's diverse. It's, some people like to shoot up.


I I had a friend I've never seen had friend. I had a friend who moved his family. A what? Graham? Alan Graham. Alan Graham, I mean Loaves and Fishes, right. Is the name of his company. Dude. I had a friend who moved out of, I don't wanna say his name, but he moved out of Seattle. Mike Tyson. Mike Tyson. Mike Tyson. Mike Tyson. Not Mike Tyson. He, You know what he grapples like Mike Tyson. He does, he does grab Tyson. But he moved outta Seattle because of the, the wokeness. Sure. He moved to Arkansas and he thought it was the greatest move ever. He was like, fucking in Arkansas. And he thought, oh my God. And the KKK fucked him And then down and then, no, no, no. His wife was pregnant and they were, You know, they took a couple edibles here and there.


And she Gave birth to a black baby. No, I'm trying to, I don't know how to say Happened. She got tested for marijuana. Yeah. And now they're like fucking facing like criminal charges. Oh. And like, wow. Yeah. So it's like, oh my God. Give tape tape. Tate. I left. Yeah. I left Seattle. So they, they just tested her because she was pregnant and she had taken an edible. Yeah. Oh my goodness. You Know, so now, now they're in deep shit. So You know That Mike. Oh my Goodness. Yeah. It's a friend of mine, my friend. And we're like trying to figure this out. Oh my God. And like, damn, you need to go back to Seattle now We need to get Trump on that. But You know This, that's crazy. This friend of mine had a dinner party. Arkansas, don't fuck around with Weed. A friend of mine had a dinner party and a, she was like seven months pregnant. She was hungry. And I think she saw some fruit loops or some shit or whatever and ate 'em.


Oh. It turned out they were, they were weed. Oh no. Weed loops. Check it out. So she got super high and they took her, she went to the emergency room 'cause she was pregnant. Right, right. But the doctor said, I'm not, I'm not that worried. I'm worried about alcohol. If it was alcohol, I'd be more worried. I'm not worried about this. Oh, it's not. Toxic Is interesting. Is that what it's Yeah. You shouldn't be getting high while you're pregnant, obviously. But it's not toxic. It's not like you have to worry about the kid getting poison and fetal alcohol syndrome and a bunch of things that are That's worse. Alcohol's way worse. Yeah. Very, very, very bad for the child. Especially when someone's a rampant alcoholic, raging alcoholics that are pregnant. It's a devastating Jesus devastating impact on the child. Yeah. But he said, you don't have to worry about anything. It's Not toxic. He was like, man, it'll, it'll, it's not the end of the world. No. There's actually stories, studies about people who smoke marijuana while they're kids in the world.


It's Like It don't do it. But it's not the worst thing in the world. It's not a toxic thing. Right. You know? But you can't be good. You can't be good. It's not good for kids. Yeah. No it's not. You know, you should Developing minds shouldn't have anything. No. And we all did it. We all snuck booze and all kinds of shit when we were kids. When we were teenagers. But the reality is like, especially men, our our fucking frontal cortex doesn't even develop correctly until we're like 25. Yeah, exactly. Or 40 or 50. But Alcohols is retarded. You wanna talk about what's bad for you. If you look at the studies on alcohol, Even Moderate amount. Let's out. That One. This ones different bro. It's different bro. Alexander shout it's from, I can't believe you guys have this Isso Robles. No, I'm hanging. I can't Believe. Are you ready? Dude, I got a another Trump hung in there for three hours.


Didn't pee left. Didn't pee before he left. He's a robot. Just got in here. Didn't have to use the restroom. Sat down for three hours. And These are his Diet Cokes. Dude, You know what? And then flew out. They're his Diet Cokes. Yeah. This one. Diet Cokes for him. Diet Cokes. He's the Only guy I know that drinks more. You Know, I drinks Diet Coke and, and eats McDonald's. 'cause they can't poison that. Well no Mc, McDonald's has that. That's fun issue. McDonald's has an issue. No. If he goes to McDonald's, how are they gonna poison the McDonald's? How are they gonna poison the diet Cokes? That's true. No, that's real. Well I don't know if that's why he, I think it tastes Delicious. He just likes, it's My Kentucky fried chicken. He on the Air Force one having some Kentucky Fried chicken. How tall is he in person? Big dude. He's like six one I guess. Probably Shorter.


That's what Schutze said. Schultz said. He goes, he's, he's actually Smaller than I thought. He probably shrank a little. Yeah. As he's gotten older. 70 Is 74. You know, 78. I thought he was like 6 4, 6 5, 6 maybe he was at one point in time and he shrunk. But very nice guy and fun to talk to. We had a good time. Has your I I talked to him like I talked to everybody. I swore just talked normal. Has Trump impression improved since I don't have a good Trump impression Is So it has it improved? It wasn like a little bit. He didn't sound with You, he didn't sound like Trump with you. He sounded more like he was just more calm and his voice. His Could you do, could you hear Joe di doing Trump, But here's is possible he didn't think he was gonna get attacked. Oh yeah. You know, his guard was down.


Well it's not even that his guard was down. Like he knew I wasn't gonna fuck with him. Right. I'm like, I just wanna talk to you. Yeah. I just like the same way I would treat Kamala Harris. I just wanna have a conversation. Yep. Just like, I just want to know what, what did you do? Why'd you do this? What was it like when you got in office? Like there was a bunch of things that I needed to ask him about. There's a few that I didn't get to. Abortion was one of 'em. Psychedelics was another one. There's a couple couple different things that I did wanna talk to him about. But the, the, the big one for me was like, what the fuck is it like when you've never governed anything ever and then all of a sudden you're in the White House. Like, what's that experience like? Who do he talk to? Like Well he was very, he he a while, it takes a while 'cause he like goes on these journeys. He likes to talk about different kinds of things and he calls it a weave and he brings it back to the original subject.


But he can talk about anything he wants. That way he kind of dictates the conversation. But I had to kind of bring it back to, I mean like you have thousands of people. Like how many people do you have to point? He had to point 10,000 different people to these jobs and he has no experience. So he doesn't know these people. So taking other people's advice and there was a lot of people that I put in that I shouldn't have put in. And You know, he's super honest about it. And what he did and what he was trying to do by imparting tariffs and by decreasing taxes. He wanted to stimulate business and he wants to drill for oil. He said we have more oil in this country and water, any country in the world. Wow. And more too. He said, we can be completely self-sustaining in the United States. Yes. Bring American manufacturing back. Fuck it the way that we get taxed.


If we sell our stuff overseas, we should be taxing that and we should be hitting them with tariffs. He even floated out the idea, I don't even know if this would work, but he floated out the idea we could end income tax and just rely totally on tariffs. Totally. Can you imagine we're paying 50% of our fucking money and we still gotta pay for water. We still gotta pay for energy. We got a water bill and we're paying 50% of our fucking checks. Facts. That shit should be fucking free. Whoa. That shit should be fucking free. Take it Easy. We should get a well And can you do Joey Diaz doing an impression? No. Hey Joe, what'd he say about the Wall? Did you talk about the wall at all? Yeah. He was talking about what what they're doing, what they're trying to do. And it's very clear that they're trying, he thinks they're very trying, they're trying to get voters.


Of course you want, you want they're bringing people in. They're in financially incentivize them to give housing. No idea to vote. No idea to vote. And then amnesty, they're trying to give 'em amnesty and they keep pushing for this stuff and they, they mysteriously wind up in swing states. Yep. Yeah. But two things about that, that app Mysteriously. Yeah. It's crazy. And then that app that the the original use of that app. I can pull up that app 'cause I I saved this 'cause it's, it's very bizarre when you, when you really find out what it actually is all about. The original app was used as a shipping app. It was used, it was one of those things where people used it because you're in the, the country for a certain amount of time Because you brought over much of goods. Do You know what they're finding though? When those immigrants actually vote?


Second generation immigrants Vote careful now. Don Lemon. Listen, listen, listen, listen. This is a fact. So what you, what you forget, what you forget is they come from Catholic conservative cultures. So guess what? The second generation always votes Republicans. Well that's certainly true. If you come from Venezuela, fuck those guys were bringing in from Venezuela except for the ones Central America. But not all of 'em are From Venezuela. They don't get down with the transgender or the abortion, none of that. So they vote Republicans. No. None of those countries do. They're very Catholic. Yeah, very Catholic. And so that's the first thing. Second, If you get am embassy and you get all This benefits from, but here's The, here's the thing, something people aren't talking about. You wanna hear this. I'm gonna send it to you Jamie. Listen To this Bob. So with that wall, when you build a wall like that, guess what you put in roads. You put in like 50, a hundred major roadways to get all the material to the wall.


Guess what that does? The Sno Desert and the Chihuahua desert are amazing natural barriers now that you put roads in there, it actually makes it easier for migrants to walk those roads at night. So it made it easier. That's the irony of that wall. So there's a lot of things that go on with this fucking immigration that you do one thing and you never know what the, You know what the ripple effect is Gonna be. Well we do know what we're doing's not working. A hundred percent. Jamie put up with that thing that I showed you. Now this is the weirdest one. This is the app. The US Customs Border Protection. CBP has several mobile apps including CBP one mobile passport Control, MPC and my CBP. So launched in October, 2020.


The free app provides access to a variety of CBP services. It uses guided questions to help users find the right services, forms or applications. CCB P one was originally used to help commercial trucking companies schedule cargo inspections in 2023. The app was expanded to allow unauthorized migrants. So they changed this app, it wasn just for shipping. And so these people can now use this app and request asylum and book appointments Whoa. At the US Mexico border. So they're just full scale trying to bring people in. They're also doing that. So they can track it though too. They're giving them money. Yeah, they're giving them housing. Yep. And they're gonna provide amnesty and they're voters.


Right. So now they're voters. Who are they gonna vote for? Are they gonna vote for the people that wanna deport them? No. They're gonna vote for the people that gave them money and food stamps and housing and brought 'em to America. That's not just makes sense. Yes it does. But guess what? Because they're so conservative, they a lot of times vote for. I Disagree Brian. It's not disagree. You're talking about next generation. Yeah. Right. But here's the thing, once you get that system rigged, you really get that system rigged. Right. You never have to worry about those states ever becoming red again. Just like California get, California's never gonna become red again. Right? They they, they've got that thing down. They get the control. They did amnesty in California. Yeah. They allow people to vote in California and then they just set up a bunch of policies that make it very convenient for people that are migrants that come across the border. You can't win that. And you, you're just, and then you have mail-in ballots and you have no voter id.


So you don't know who the fuck's voting. It's true. And it's, you essentially rigged an election without doing anything completely illegal. Everything is like fairly legal. It's, It's an interesting thing Because you, you wonder about whether or not that they, they will create that problem though, whether they're second generation, but they, here's the other issue. You could technically, they say, first of all, I think we're the only country in the world where the when you vote is not a national holiday. Like Craig. That's ridiculous. That's Insane. Yeah. But it favors Republicans just so You know, for, for whatever reason. I don't know why. But it favors Republicans because if you gave everybody the day off, people would be able to take time off to vote. How does that favor publicans and Are Democrats?


Well, whatever you wanna call it, but Interesting. But that's why I What do you mean? Whatever you wanna call it. Yeah, that would be one thing. But here's the other Thing. The people that can't afford to take day off. Yes. Here's the, they're less wealthy. Here's the other thing. Oh yeah. You could technically you could. And we are gonna get to the point where technically you could use biometrics to vote from your phone and keep the fraud down to at least a minimum. So it wouldn't change. It wouldn't make difference. Yeah. But the problem is, anything you have, anytime you have something on a computer, you've got shenanigans. Jimmy Carter figured us this in the 1970s. Trump was talking about it that Jimmy Carter realized back then that you can't have mail-in ballots 'cause there's too much room for fraud because there's no chain of, the chain of custody is funky. Right? Right. From someone drops it in the mailbox, the guy picks it up, no one's watching him.


He brings it in a sack. Yep. What if that guy's a nutty Democrat or a nutty Republican and he knows he's in a Democrat county and they're all Biden signs on there. So he picks up their mail and throws their shit. The garbage watch. That's a documentary. 2000 mules Larger thing is watch That shit. I didn't see that. I had That guy on my podcast. Watch Watch that, watch that shit. So I had him on my podcast, what's his name? DH dea. And I kept asking him though, I was like, well you, Because you keep talking about there's more evidence. So there's hundreds of hours or thousands of hours of CCT evidence footage. And they just at the end of the day never delivered on it. And So It's in, in the documentary. Just watch It. I I think, I think maybe He didn't deliver it in your, on your podcast, but he put a documentary out. I saw it.


I watched thousand. I watched document interview. What, what about it? So, so in the doctors, Brian Is fully indoctrinating to the CI I'm not, when do you think it happened? I don't. Is tomorrow giving you money or Yeah. Come on. He's gonna be doing one of them fucking things right next, next to Beyonce. You know what? With big stupid smile on his face. This podcast is being sponsored by Kamala Harris. This wine is actually, He has to leave, he has to leave early to go Hang on John Legend. We probably got her own vi Let's open Vineyard. Another bottle. I got another bottle of the 2013. It's over. Isn't it beautiful? Do You have 2020 cold duck? Dude, I'm obsessed with this. He's like, yo, this is 2000, 2013. It wasn a few years ago. Wine people are so weird. That wine was okay. Come on. Because you gotta obsessed with it. Now if it was 2001, the tannins, would that Be, would there be a different It depends.


Difference Depends on the drought and whether or not climate change is real. That's True. See that's why Leonardo DiCaprio's voting for Kamala Harris. That has nothing to do with the Diddy parties. Yeah. When you guys, when you guys are talking, Nothing, nothing to do with the Diddy parties. He's endorsed Kamala Harris because of climate change. What Do you think about that? Did you see him when he's on a yacht and then on a private jet like last week? Smart. Yeah. Yeah. But what do you think? Do you think we're gonna get the names from the movies Parties? Or is That gonna go away? I think that one's gonna come out. Are people Being Paid off right now? No. I think Diddy is probably a spiteful man and he probably is gonna be in jail for the rest of his life. And they're probably gonna sing a song. No, I'm saying how many people are getting paid right now to shut up? Who, how many cases have falling apart? 'cause I'll tell you this, I don't know if that's really going on. Do this is the thing.


We don't know who's involved in this whole Diddy thing, right? Is is this an intelligence agency thing where they're trying to compromise people that were famous and get them to endorse? Or people are endorse horny, endorse certain political candidates. Is it that or is really Close with Obama's? Or is it really just Diddy masterminded the whole thing? Hey bro, like a fucking gangster. Hey, hey Bro, you're, you're going down that conspiracy like route more and more. You're getting, you're go. You're, how Is that a conspiracy? Was it wasn that sign a conspiracy though? But wait a minute, what's a conspiracy? I'm, I mean Diddy shit everywhere. But what am I going down with this one? I think Specifically, I think Diddy might have just been a fucking criminal slash Freak. Yeah, I just said that. I said that's Think he had a possibility. I said a possibility that he is the gangster. Oh yeah. And he ran this whole blackmail operation himself.


Oh yeah. A hundred percent. Listen, the guy was involved in music, right? Yes. And you get compromising information on these guys and get them sign very unfavorable contracts. Yes. Like what better way to get a guy to sign an unfavorable contract where you're gonna get billions. 'cause he was a billionaire. Yes. Right. You fuck that guy. Yes. And film it. Yes. And you get video of your boys fucking that guy and filming it, letting him know you always have that. And Then other age girls, Well you put these guys on GHB or whatever the fuck they're putting him on, they're outta their mind. They don't know what's going on. Yeah, sure. Don't say blow their Assholes out. That's what he was doing. But you're a hundred percent right mill and stuff. That's for Sure. It Wasn going on. But do You know, did he want a lawsuit against that alcohol company? The alcohol company? Ciroc Sir Rock. He won like a billion dollar deal And once that happened then this all came out.


Oh well What did he, when, what was the deal? Some some It was a lawsuit. What? It's some racism thing. Well it's like they probably have you looked at this? Everybody probably all knew this was like an open secret. The did he party thing, the Freak almost Thing's talked about it on his fucking, he Literally called them freak offs. He has pulled his lawsuit in the wake of the sexual abuse allegations levied against him. Okay. Oh, so he didn't win. So Let me ask you this. No, he already won, but Hold on a second. Look, How much did, did he win Mr. Voluntarily dismisses racial discrimination lawsuit At the time He dismissed it company. Yeah, that that this Is that it wasn January and then two months later it says they have an agreement. The agreement included 50 50 split with the company. But now Diago owns 100%.


It's estimated that Diddy made about $60 million annually. Annually from the deal according to reports. I bet you, I bet you right now what's Wrong? And Diddy made a lot of money back when there was money in music. I think lawyers are contacting his lawyers and going, Hey, you want this to go away million dollars? Well, You know, that's going away. I shouldn't but You know how that's this all started. Some lady came out and had all this evidence. Yeah. Went to Diddy's team. Well it's also the video of him beating a fuck outta this Lawyer that, that fucked him. But, but scu even right after that, some lady went up to his team and was like, okay, I have the evidence here. He raped me. If you don't pay me, I'm gonna go live with it. And they were like, yeah, good luck lady. She goes live with it. And then a bunch of more people are like, oh shit.


And then an actual law firm was like, no, there's a case here. They looked at the evidence. There's a case here when see when you so many Other people when beating her up, dumb up. I believe you can do anything. Dumb dumb. If you can do that to a woman, beat her up, you can do anything. Sean Holmes accused is sexually abusing 120 people, including 25 miners. Dude, 60 of them are dudes. So, but here's the thing. Hundred 2060 Dudes with like, with the Jeff Epstein thing. I wanna see how many people actually come forward. 'cause I think people are getting paid. I think what happens, You can run outta money though. You know what? Paying The, You know what I'm saying though? Like all of a sudden perhaps, I think what happens is everybody goes, lawyers go, Hey we're we're, we're making a claim. Well, And right now we're a, well listen, he's a billionaire, that's a thousand million dollars. Right? So like, how much of that is tied up?


How much, how many billions does he actually have? They go to you and they say, we'll give you a million dollars unless you wanna drag this out. And I bet it's a lot more than a million. Brian. Yes. Maybe. But I bet, I mean, I'm saying Delores. Yeah. That girl wanted 30 and he said no, I bet it's, I don't know. Who knows. Right? But the thing is like, there's also murders. There's deaths. Well that's, there's also people that mysteriously died of pneumonia. His baby, his baby mama died of drug overdose, yet she wasn't a drug addict at all. And she died in a Starbucks parking lot I thought died in pneumonia. No, at 7:00 AM What? There's some, there's some sketchy shit involved in this. And You know, whether it's him or people who work with him or for him or connecting him, I don't think we get the list. I think there's too many powerful people Me too. That are involved with the left. I don't think we get the list. A lot of fucking music executives step down.


You saw that, right? Yep. Really? A lot of people. Really? Yeah. A lot of executives Quietly dipping out. Why? That's my time. Why do you honestly think that? Here's my theory on the Jeffrey Epstein thing. 'cause I went down that rabbit hole. I think he was probably like definitely worked for intelligence. It probably misau or something. Duh duh. And he had a shit load. Damn, he a shit. Damn. Yeah. I went down route. Did down did you? I went down that damn Darryl Cooper. I was like, what? I went down Darryl Cooper's. I love that guy. Have you ever listened to the Martyr Made podcast? Yes. He's, that motherfucker is awesome. Great. That guy got canceled in the stupidest fucking way Possible. I love that guy. But anyway, He was just trying to say that there was a lot of factors involved in the, the Nazis killing the Jews. And one of them it wasn like they were being starved out by the embargo by Winston Churchill.


If you listened to Dar Darrell Cooper's podcast, You know he's not an antisemite. No. You know, he's not super sensitive. Canceled for that. What he says is he, He was on Tucker Carlson's podcast and a bunch of people went after it's, but it's bullshit. It's the usual thing. They did it without context and nuance. Exactly. He's a very smart guy who has pity for both sides. He's such a smart guy. He does all the research. You wanna learn about the, the, the Israeli Palestinian conflict. Listen to fear and loathing in the new Jerusalem. What did he say? Just listen to It's a six. It's A six. Gimme a little Synopsis. It's, it's, I can't do it here. But it's beautiful Bill that is such a fucked up situation down there isn't Horrible. But he really, as has somebody who lived there for eight years of my life. And you live where?


Eight years. I lived in Lebanon and Saudi Arabia. So I lived where His dad was in, in ca So I lived in, I lived in the Middle East for a long time. He wa he wasn't but, but he was in banking. Yeah. But, but I know, I I, I grew up around the Arabs. I love the Arabs. I know the Arabs. I know Palestinians very well. I grew up around them. I grew up around Lebanese. I grew up around Saudi Arabians. I love those people. So, but, but I also understand a lot about Jewish history. And when you listen to his podcast, that's all I say is what you will find is you will, you will end up coming out shaking your head, maybe saying a prayer. 'cause you won't have answers. You won't. Does Anybody have an answer though? It's been going on for so long. Could Be. I've been going on since Moses had a parting away of the ways with the Pharaoh. It's been going on BC 1400 years of, There's no simple answer to it.


Hatfield and the McCoys. That's it. The Middle East edition. That's it. There's, There's no simple. And they, and I, I remind people that Gaza was mentioned in the Old Testament. If you read the Old Testament, it's mentioned, I don't know, fucking 15, 20, 30 times. Right. So it's always been a rough place in one way or another. But having said all that, All those ancient places, man, dude, You know, like I had a buddy who served in Afghanistan, many, many tours. And he told me some horror stories this past weekend. Horror like what men raping men, the amount of men he saw raping men. Yeah. There's this guy, it wasn like this boys, boys mentally handicapped guy that worked in this kitchen. And they would all rape him. They would line up and rape this guy. Why? Because they just are used to doing that.


And they rape boys. He said he, these guys were parading their boys. Like they'd have a harem of young boys and they would parade them out. The more boys you had the, like, the cool, you look to everybody else, it's so common he said, and they don't view as gay. And some parts of that can, it's like a tough guy thing. I don't know how they fucking wrap their heads around. So A lot of it, a lot of it's this. So you, you're separated in those very strict societies. You are separated. Boys and girls are separated completely. And so when you start getting sexual, okay? And you have older boys with younger boys and they're never around women, what happens is the younger boys end up getting fucked. And by the way I must remind everybody, it ain't just in the Arab world, it's also in the upper echelon of British boarding schools.


Oh, they all get fucked when they're younger. Yeah. It's fucking rampant. What about those American charter schools? You, I went to one of those about the one you went, guys, guys, It's a blur. It's a fucking blur. And I'm not gonna answer a bunch of questions. This is not a court of law. And I'm a straight man. Most of the Time. You have bunch 17 year olds with no girls around. That's What happens, bro. Dangerous. All of a sudden you got no hair on your face. My dick is hard. What's gonna happen here? But in Afghanistan, the stories my friend told me were fucking horrific. Yeah. So they go around, fucking dude, he said, it's horrible. He said, it's horrible. He says, you see it all the time, guys getting gang raped, guys lined up. You know that guy that became the American Taliban? You know that guy that went over there? Yeah. He said that guy got raped about a thousand times.


So they just rape. They, that guy was in prison for four years over there. He was a prisoner. And they just raped him constantly. Jesus constantly raped Jesus. Yeah. This is what he said. I don't know if that's true. If the, if you're a Taliban guy and you listen to this, I'm sorry. Where T's lube when you need it. He's All, what? I didn't even say your name, but, You know, gotta have lube. Gotta have, apparently that is just a part of that culture. That's what, and they don't think it's gay. They Think it's Like it a dominant thing. I don't, it's Only gay if you're smiling. I don't get it. Or looking somebody. It's only if you wearing a rainbow, if You're frowning the whole time. If you're like, this is terrible. This is fucking this. I'm not gay. You have to say, I'm not gay as you're Doing. This is terrible when I nut your ass. This is what it is. Mainten. It's just maintenance. It's just maintenance. It's just maintenance. But Imagine if they're doing that to the boys and the dudes out there.


What are they doing to the women admiring them? Well, the thing is, is The other thing said, deal. This one woman got raped and they blamed her for being a slut, and they stoned her to death. Oh, wow. 'cause she got raped by a guy. This is Dark. Yeah. These, these are ancient, ancient cultures. This is what it is. It's like if you went back 3000, 4,000 years ago, that's how everybody behaved. Like, we're just so accustomed to things like consent. We're so accustomed to things like the idea that rape is bad. Yeah. Jesus Christ. We're so accustomed, Jesus Christ. But if you go to those ancient, ancient cultures that don't have any influence of the modern world. I mean, Yeah. Even cavemen, they had the fucking rape was a fucking war. Clubs.


Clubs. And they were drag girls by their hair Cartoons, joking around about that. Remember, Rape was a thing of, of, of all wars had mass rape. Oh, horrible. You ever read the rape of named Kings? Yeah. I mean That's, That's a book. Oh fuck. Dude, don't read. I was Chang Don't read it with the Japanese killed herself to China. She killed Herself. The author, the author killed herself. Why? Because 'cause when you go down that, that when you and I went down. When she a prison, when you go down that rabbit hole. No, she was a Chinese woman. Researched. She researched it. When you I've gone down that rabbit hole. Don't do it. Oh, well. Just gimme a dip. Dip my Toe in this pool. They would, they take their samurai swords and cut holes in babies and fuck. Okay. I'm good in front of the parents. I'm, I'm good. I'm good. Check. Hey, check please. All. Yeah, I Know. You know what I'm Saying? It was a, it was a savagery.


It wasn so bad that even when it comes, even the Japanese commanders, when the reports came back, they were like, Hey, we gotta do something. These guys. Hey. Yeah. But here's the thing, man. This is like humans. 'cause if you go back to like the reports, Humans, The reports of religious people that traveled with Columbus and the horrific things Columbus' men did to the Native Americans, they found they were raping the Indian. Some of these people, no worse than that. Some of these people had gold. So they found out they had gold. They told 'em they didn't bring back their weight and gold. They would cut their arms off. That's right. So they cut their arms off in front of everybody else. Everybody else has scrambled to get gold. They would, they would to force them, the them to go do this. They would grab their babies and dash their brains out on the rocks in front of the parents. The, The Belgians did the same thing in the Congo.


And the Congo Celebrate Columbus Day. The king opposed men did the same shit in the Congo with the rubber trees and Stuff like that with people. What The fuck is wrong with you? They would cut your children's feet off and make you stare at them. What's wrong with 'em? When you get awful, awful people in power with no one check them. And they're in a war and they've seen a bunch of shit already. They've seen horrific things. They're, they're, it's like the cartel. I I think They're sadistic. They don't value, they don't value Life. I think sadists come to come out of the woodwork in chaos. And it's their opportunity to do the things Jesus Christ, they've been dreaming about their whole life. There are artists of pain out there, artists of pain. Which is why you should always thank the, the Lord that the founding father solved the political problem. Where, what is that?


Checks and balances. I knew he was gonna bring it back to some CIA shit Power. Power doesn't reside in one group's hands. And Brian's like, and this is why we should get boosters shot. And this is why, and this is why we need Harris Waltz guys. Harris, we need that app to track you. It's really important. That's right. That Way you can vote. So here's my quantum, here's My quantum computer that waltz guy's the best. Dude, I'm a knucklehead sometimes I'm a knucklehead. Dude. Dude, dude, you lied about dude, how he goes, I'm a Knuck. I felt like he was gonna hug JD Vance in that, in that debate. J Vance ate his fucking lunch. Oh dude. JD Vance is a beast. Real, Real one. It's fascinating reading on X. You know, I follow a bunch of people on X that are both like hardcore liberals and hardcore conservatives. Yeah, that's good idea. And the hardcore liberals had the craziest way of gaslighting that.


What do you mean? Like, they were saying that he did great and that, You know, he he made yeah, he made all the right points and he won the debate. Hands down. Yeah. It's, I saw that. But it's people saying that openly online to let everybody know what team they're on. Yes. That's what it is. Oh, is that what it's, it's, oh, it's a bunch of people that are, they're on this one team and they're terrified and they're, their enemy is the right And no matter what the gaslight and bullshit and pretend that candidates who are horrible, horrible candidates and any the other time in history of guy lied about a service record. The guy lied about whether he was in Tenement Square. A guy lied about whether he was a head football coach or an assistant coach. This is too many lies, man. We're not gonna believe you when it comes to foreign policy.


They ignore all of it. Yeah. They, they, that guy would be gone. Did you Ever see Biden when he said he graduated at the top of his class and he was a double major? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And it was all lies. All lies it on. But there Wass on television, they played That. Yeah. And, and the McLaughlin group used to be this political show on Sundays. Kki Robert said he's done. He'll never be in politics again. I mean, he's done. And Oh, he also plagiarized, I think his college apps. Well, I told you we used to have Joe Biden Knight at Stitch his comedy club. No, I never told you that. No. I've talked about it a hundred times. We, at, in 1988 when Biden ran for president, he got exposed as being a plagiarist. Yes. So they, they he lost, he got kicked out. And So it was so funny, it was such a national scandal that we had Joe Biden night at Stitch his comedy club.


We were like, you would go up and do my act. I would do your act. I would go up and do your act. We'd all do each other's favorite jokes. That's great. We would all do each other's Favorite jokes. I've never done that. I love if you went up and Did Joey's act, that would be fucking, that's hilarious. Awesome. That's how bad it was. That's how bad it was. They just changed the narrative. Yeah. That's how bad it was. It just took long enough where people kind of forgot. And then they had so, so much control over the media that they could sneak him in first as vice president, You know, and then the vice president is, except for JD Vance, the vice president is always weak. It's always like a weak option. Yes. It's was like someone who like, doesn't outshine you. It's like a guy who's like a, a nervous headliner and doesn't want to kill or middle act. It's kinda the same thing.


You want someone where they, You know Dan Quail, like, don't shoot me. You don't want this guy in. You know, it's that kind of a deal. The vice President has as much more As the president. Who the fuck wanted, who the fuck wanted Mike Pence to be the president of the Mike Pence? Zero people. Right. So, You know, Trump is smart. Gets fucking, You know, you don't want some fucking assassin. Yeah. Some guy who's like way better than you. Like Vive is the perfect example. Oh yeah. He's like, that guy's smart. Good. He's way too smart to be b he can't have that Guy's bbb. Well, You know, Bush Him on your podcast. No, I would though Bush Purposely gave, because remember the, the vice president has as much power as the president gives him. And Bush deliberately gave Dick Cheney a lot of power. Oh yeah. He wanted to go paint.


Yeah. Yeah. Dick Cheney ran the whole fucking evil cabal. Yeah. Yeah. It was nuts. The whole thing's nuts. But if you go back to like Gerald Ford, like they made Richard Nixon, Tucker Carlson told us the whole fucking story about Gerald Ford and about how Richard Nixon, who was the most popular president ever, was set up by the intelligence communities. I heard him. Yeah. Because he was, he wanted to expose who killed JFK. And they're like, yeah, they should buddy get this. You're crook. How interesting. Yeah. The whole thing was an intelligence operation. Oh, Joe did Bob Woodward, it wasn his first ever story. Yeah. So he's covering one of the most important stories ever. And he was an intelligence agent. Intelligence agent comes over from the Navy, I think was in the Navy.


Not sure. See if you can find this Tucker Carlson. It was bit where the, where Tucker Carlson explaining it wasn part of it as well. Okay. But Tucker Carlson explained it on the podcast. It is Wild. So, so Nixon was a good guy. Nixon was the most popular president by votes ever. Yeah. Wow. Ever yet they Smeared the shit Out of him. Smeared the, the fucking shit out of him. He won by the largest margin of any president in US history. Wow. And then all we know is he's a crook. I'm not a crook fucking crook. And because he didn't actually turn them in. Right. So he had found out about it. That's why they didn't kill him. Kept a secret. Yeah. That's why they didn't kill him. They just got rid of him. They just, and then Gerald Ford, who was also on the Warren Commission, they Tried to kill tour twice. Nixon. Nixon, You know, two women.


Nixon, You know that Ford had two assassination attempts by women. One from the weatherman, I think, and one from the Manson clan. Do You know that? Oh, do You know that story? That makes sense. Yeah. Well, 14 days apart. Jesus. 14 days apart, two women tried to kill Ford, but I think they were like, here's a gun. And they were like, oh, Jesus, Joe. Joe, did you ask Trump about this assassination? Like, there's nothing on it. Yeah. Didn't no one ask questions. That it's, it's hard to corral him. Like I said, he's like very slippery. Not, and I don't even mean that in a bad way. I mean that he just like, he talks. Yeah. Goes, the guy's a gifted talker. He can just talk. You never have to worry about him running outta things to say. And sometimes he talks himself to corners, but he gets out of it. You know, but it's just like he free balls. That's what he does. And so when I was talking to him about this, as he was just joking around, he got it.


We started talking about the UFC 'cause I wanted to see the scar on his ear. He doesn't have a little mark on his ear. Yeah, he did have a mark. Yeah, he does have a, he got shot. It's a small mark on his, but your ear is filled with blood vessels. That's why it bleed so much. It heals quick. Heals quickly. Yeah. So, You know, he was just talking about bow nickel and cauliflower ear. The next thing he wanted to talk about, who's the best ever, like real, he didn't wanna talk about it. He's a real, well he did a little bit, but he said it was surreal when he won the presidency. It wasn't surreal when he got shot. I thought it wasn fascinating. Wow. He said being in the White House was surreal. He goes walking into Lincoln's bedroom. He goes, it was very surreal. Like, but when he actually got into the White House, he said it just didn't make any sense. It was very, very surreal. What, what, what he said getting shot did not seem surreal. He goes, he was on the ground. He knew who he was.


They thought he was shot all over the place because the blood, 'cause it was, You know, the fog of confusion and there's blood on his face. So nobody knews where he had been hit. You know? So they were all, and they got him out of there. But the, when he stands up and says fight, fight, fight. That is one they've of the most it the most American things. American things of all time, of all time ever of all time. You can't fake that that guy got shot. He didn't know if people were still out there shooting. Nobody knew what the fuck fuck was going on. Real. And that guy stood up and said, fight, fight, fight. And he got out of there. What Do you wanna ask Kamala? I want to talk to her like a human being. I would say, what is the experience like of being the vice president? You never had any kind of national exposure at this level. Like, what is that, what is the, the, the, the pressure of that?


Like, like what's, what's it like when you get in there when you want to do things and you can't make 'em happen? Like what, what do you think you could do differently as a president versus what you've been doing as a vice president? Is it, is it frustrating to not be able to do the things you wanna do? What do you think that you could do to fix certain things that the, the world thinks are or a real problem in this country? Just give people, give her some time. I might not agree with her. I don't know. Let her talk. Well, She was a da, she had a big girl job. It's like, it's not like she had a real job. I like how you say big girl job. You know what I mean? Sexist piece of shit. Piece of shit. It's a piece. It's Just a big job. It's a good job. It's a Big boy, Big girl Job. It's a real job. But You know what I'm saying? Like, Being a TA is a, a Real job. It's a good job.


That's why I'm so surprised that she doesn't have more Confidence. Dude, there's a different, it's a different skill talking in front of an audience when people hate you. Yeah. Okay. There's a whole thing going on. She's where the amount, no, it doesn't matter. The amount of people that don't think she should be there. She never won the primary. That's gotta be in your head. 1% of the primary. She got you got put in there, You know, it was kind of a coup. Yeah. I mean, Jim Gaff had even made that joke at the, what is it, Al Smith there. Yeah. Yeah. That's kind of a coup. And they're constantly telling her not to cackle. Right. And then when she does, You know, in her head she's thinking, fuck yeah. I'm like, everyone's her. Everyone on the side. So she fuck you. Everybody on psycho. Shut The fuck. It's a terrible way to find out who a person is.


It's a terrible way. Debates are a terrible way. Has to be tough talking publicly when you're reading off a teleprompter. It is a terrible way. The pressure, the amount of people that are fucking, look, I, I've been a host on a show before and one of the things that happens is you get all these executives in your ear and they're all telling you, do this, do that, don't do this, don't do that. And it starts tough. Fuck with your head. Yes. It fucks with your head. So you Don't just talk to her. You just wanna have a conversation. A conversation. Do Not fucking crackle. Listen. Probably tell Her like they're probably telling her all kinds Of shit. You better, you better keep that fucking mouth shut. It can't be easy. It Be easy. She's going, here's the deal. Right? She's going from campaign stop to campaign. Stop to campaign spot. How much room is in there for reading?


How much room is in there for learning about these policies? How much you're not sleeping. How you're not sleeping. You're tired all the fucking time. How much There's constant pressure. You are worried about fucking up. Yeah. So once you fuck up a couple of times it's like bombing on stage. Yeah. And you're like, oh my God. Somebody said, somebody said, going, running for president And it's like going through 10,000 car washes. It's just Constant. Man. That's a good way of puting it. It's constant. And it's brutal. You're, you're exhausted. You gotta you gotta do the same speech over and over. You gotta be careful about what you say. That's What's crazy. Trump Doesn't, she doesn't she still off to Work? Huh? Doesn't she stop off to work? No, no one's running the country. The country. The country's on autopilot. Like a Tesla just cruising down the highway with the fuck those things Crash all the time. Yeah. I got hit her leg. Did she go down to the border when he made her the border Czar And then we didn't hear from her again.


Again, Bro. She was never the border czar. Don't you watch M MSNBC a piece of Shit? Oh, sorry. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Sorry. Isn't that crazy? There's so many videos of 'em calling her the border za. They Do her such a disservice. 'cause the main street media couldn't be more on her side. And they blatantly gaslight us and we're all like, Hey, fucking, They still haven't caught up to the internet. It's amazing. They don't, they don't understand what the internet does. How is that possible? Because they're delusional. Because they've, they're off in the same area code. They've had so much power for so long. They're, they're like a movie star or something. But they're also like, everybody's been kissing their ass for so long that they're delusional. They also went to the same college of study the same shit. They dressed the same. They Midwest think same Ted things. There's A lot the same books They went when like Kamala says whatever she says, like when she brings up like, shit that's been debunked, like Charlotte and all that shit.


I think of course they know the people that have half a brain know that it's full of shit. But they're not worried about it's for No, they're not worried about it. It's for the dumb Ass. Yes. You're he's the people that are in the trance. Keep 'em in the trance. Keep trance. Don't worry. Block out the other people pee. Don't let Eddie go too crazy. Yeah. Yeah. I, I think what do you think it's, I think if Kamala Harris came on with Joe and actually spoke from her heart and just talked about what she believes and even said, I don't know. I bet you that would that I think she, if she doesn't do that 100%, she's gonna, I mean, the only change, Brian, I think That's impossible. I don't think she's capable. I don't think she's capable. No. No. And That's why they're preventing her from going on. You know, when you're so deep in some shit, there's no way to be honest.


If you're honest, you're gonna be talking about shit that's gonna bury her, her, Her margin of error right now is so small. Yeah. If she comes on here and gets exposed even more, this is the biggest platform. It's it's already over. Right. It just makes it worse. If Goes worse, if she, if, if the fuck, if she goes like pure honesty, she buries herself. So she has no choice but to keep doing what she's doing. Keep going and keep like fucking, she isn't waking, I'm not answering questions. Come on. Come on and talk about, But how about, come on and talk about what you wanna do differently. Asked Deep State. She said the deep state wants, she said nothing wants the deep State wants chaos. They want civil war. Yes. They want nuclear war. And that's what she represents. They want Wari. Yes. Because that's the only thing that's gonna keep them outta Guantanamo Bay Facts.


That's the, that's that's what it is. And we're headed to another war's. When you're going, when you're going to Guantanamo Bay, you want civil war. You want, you would rather live in a Mad Max society than go to Guantanamo for treason. Why you think Trump is gonna clean ass? He won't prevent that a lot. A lot of motherfuckers are doing shit that's against the Constitution. And that's treasonous. And I think that's what this is all about. I think it's just, there's just two sides. It's not Republican or Democrat. It's good and evil. There's people that want like, good shit to happen. And there's people that want evil shit to happen. That's all. It's, and when you're on the evil side, I always say, I always say the goal, the goal of this republic is what individual liberty.


We have to preserve individual liberty. Of course. That's the thing. Right? Common sense. Yeah. But when you're a fucking criminal, He's back guys, he's back. I'm back. A criminal that could face charges. You don't want that shit. Yeah. You'd rather have Mad Max. Yes. If if Mad Max, if it was, if it was between living in a Mad Max society and living in prison, what would you choose? Mad Max. Mad Max. Oh yeah. We, I'd choose Mad Max my favorite, bro. I'd call Mad Max. I mean, we need a ranch and we can have a dope ass Mad Max compound. That's A good call. I mean, how big is the ranch? Big. Did you go back and watch World Warrior two? I watched World War II like two months ago and I'm like, oh my God, this iss a piece of shit. It was so great. When the eighties, when you look back at Road Warrior two, the Mad Max, the the first one was shit.


And then the second one was supposed to be the big one is the second One with Tina Turner? No, no, that's the third one. Yeah. The the, the second one was the best one, bro. Tina Turner was, but then Movie Star. But then you look back at you look back at it. Oh yeah. And it's, it's really bad. Like the new ones are the New Mad Max Was good. Oh, come on. What the, what is it called? The Fury or No, no. I, what's her? No, what's name? No, I don't, no, I'm not talking about that. Woke one come. I'm talking about the one with Tom Hardy. There was a woke one, I think didn't the new kinda Woke. Yeah. That there was, they're all sh crap. No. Oh, there's a woke. I don't Mad Max. I don't know how I thought Rug wore the good one. I went back and watched. I'm like, oh my God. They all suck. They all all suck. There's like a gang of fucking men.


Murder. There's a gang of murderers. One leaves. They're all in motorcycles and trucks. Bonta Town. And there's a tiny little fucking oil pump in the middle of the desert. And they can't get in. They can't get in this fucking place. They're like, oh, they got fire. They got like flame throwers. We can't get in. I'm like, okay. When you go back at it, you, you pick it apart. It, it's ridiculous. Does didn't hold up. It doesn't hold up. So what's the best movie you've seen in the past That holds up? What? Movies? Hold up. Apocalypse Now. Holds up. Apocalypse Now. Hold Good Fellas. Holds Up Sport. Not too many other ones. Great movie, fast Times with Ridge. One High that holds up big trouble in Little China. I'm not gonna comment on that one. I don't know. 'cause I, I haven't seen, but not too many movies from the eighties hold up.


Like today they could still stand Predator Commando. What Movies From eighties. I went back and I, I remember remember that movie, Southern Comfort? Do you remember that movie? Southern Comfort? No, it was about Like, It was about an army. Like army platoon. They go out in the bayou. Yeah. And they have like blanks. Yeah. And like hillbilly's fucking killing 'em. Right. Because they, I always thought it wasn the greatest movie ever. I went back and watched, I'm like, oh horse, I rewatch, I rewatched Horse shit. I rewatched, I rewatched The Breakfast Club and actually hold, hold. Does it Hold up? I Think so. That's not possible. Maybe, You know what's interesting about those old movies? Like what, what was wrong with us back then? That we thought it wasn good. That's all we had. We were retarded. Yeah. But it's all you had naive and now we're like, oh, we know the tricks.


This is bullshit. I think we're we're seen as like the evolution of society in a, like you can watch it through media. Like you go back and watch a James Cagney movie. Yeah. And then think of how people behave today. You're watching like an evolution of the way people behave. Yeah. That probably is only possible when people get to watch each other like that. Yeah. And even comedy, You know, like comedy in the eighties, Doug, you go back and watch Eddie Murphy shit, you're like, okay, I don't know. You know what I mean? And you're like, delirious so great. And fucking the other one when he's in a blue suit. What was that? Raw. Go back and watch that. Go back and watch that. The s It does the only, to me, the only thing that's the only standup that hold holds up in the eighties is like Sam Kinison. When you watch Sam Kinison at the Roxy Yeah.


In Hollywood. That shit still holds up. It wasn fucking a classic. Yeah, man. But not much, You know, from the eighties holds up. You want sitcoms, sitcoms in the eighties. I know. Total Bullshit. The Internet. The internet has pulled the curtain back in a lot of ways. Like the magic trick doesn't work anymore. Well it's not just that. It's like humans have evolved culturally. Yeah. We've evolved the way we talk and think that's what it is. It's like that, that other way of doing things is stupid. Nineties comedy holds up. Like Martin Lawrence, you show crazy, Chris Rock, all that shit. That shit still is powerful. The nineties. Then in musically the nineties, Alison James Sound Garden, hey. Hot Tub Time Machine. That shit holds up. That still holds up. Hot Tub Time Machine. Those are the Movies. Not old nineties shit holds up music and comedy.


Nineties, I think nineties was probably the best decade. Eighties was like the test market. Yeah. And the nineties, they perfected it. Nine Inch Nails, sound guard, Allison Chain, some cool cars. The fuck outta here in the nineties. Some cool cars. Nineties cars too. And then boxing too. Boxing in the nineties. Nineties. Shit. Body Boy Jones Jr. Bodybuilding in the nineties, funky Lyles, all that shit. Yep. That's where, that's when the tech industry came in. That's where, that's Apple and Microsoft. And in, in 2000 is when, how, when music started going down the world, now fucking, the internet fucked up. Music changed. How much the world's changed just in our lifetimes. It's so nuts. It's not great. Now think about, think About changes. Do you think it's all for the positive? Like you look at like never is, never is all for mental health, all that shit.


Addiction. Yeah. There's more challeng more challenges. There's more challenges Today. Less Connection. There's more challenges. Suicide through the roof. There's also way more information. Yeah. Like we, we have way more of an understanding of life That Does that information lead to knowledge, wisdom and truth though? You know what I mean? Or does it lead to a lot of misinformation and get dumb asses where they can search anything? Validate the past. Let's bad misinformation. I don't think, I'm not saying that. Yeah. I don't think, I'm not saying that. You know, that's what Tim Wall said. You, you, you can't have free speech when it involve hate speech, misinformation. Like Yeah. You can't stupid. Yeah. That is actually a part of free Speech. Yeah. I don't know if all that information Is Is leads us to any, any to the Promised Land. And also there's no, like back in the day, there was like straight up movie stars and people you looked up to. Now you, you turn, you turn on Instagram, you see, You know, it takes down the, the fourth wall And there's no bands anymore.


Do you realize technically on paper the data, like band bands, like bands? Yeah. With like four or five guys gone. It used to be dominating the music. There used to be like 150 bands in the top 500. Now there's like two bands. But don't you think there's no more bands anymore? Don't everything is the music industry is single because there's no M-T-V-M-T-V killed that. It's easier M it's easier to make one star than deal with five bands. Right. Its also we're not interested in a body of work anymore. You a song by Yourself. That's why I'm saying you can do it all by yourself now. You don't Need a band. Need five guys. There's no more bands anymore. No. You know that there, like the last band was like Kings of Leon and fucking Imagine Dragons Because nobody wants to, that's it. There's no more bands. Nobody wants to listen to a whole album.


Nobody wants to listen to a whole hour. Yeah. Nobody wants to watch a whole movie. Like we've gotten, we this TikTok brain, this highlight reel, it's not good. Has fucked with our brain. It's not good. Yeah. Because I think, like for me growing up watching movies, certain movies, they almost gave me my moral compass. They gave me like, oh, you have to work hard because like, maybe it was a myth, but, but like Rocky. No, Not a myth was I was like, Rocky, if you work hard enough, you'll get your hand raised. At the end of the day. That shit was like, that shit was Like, Hey, Rocky three. It wasn, it wasn a good movie. It wasn a good thing. It wasn a good, good lang watch. That's what I'm saying. It was now Lang Try watch it now. I Know. But it was a good thing For us. I do watch it now, Don. I sit my son down and go, you're watching this shit. And my son, my son is the kind of guy he wants to know what happens at the end of the movie.


He goes, daddy tell me Rocky's gonna win. Tell me he's gonna win. You gotta watch it. You gotta watch. He goes, oh, I don't wanna, I love it. Tell me he's gonna win. He's like, he doesn't, he wants to know the end. Like It Rocky's a great, that, that holds by the way, still Holds up. S Up Rocky four. Great movie. Are you kidding? Fucking Rocky four All Rockies. Dude, Apollo, until I dies in the ring, Apollo dies in the ring. And there's no EMTs, no doctors. I know, dude. It's just Rocky holding his one. It's like the dumbest shit. There's no em's, there's no, it's just Rocky holding a dead boxer.


The only it wasn have 9 1 1 in Russia. It was the biggest fight in history. James Brown walked out with all America. How across the nation. Remember that shit. Pete comes, it's the biggest Vegas and they have no doctors. Ah, no doctors fucking drag Drago stand there going If he dies, he does. You can't save Anybody from Drago, bro. There's no doctor in the world. But the, the thing that holds up over all this time is sports should have a booster. Sports holds up. Sports really hasn't changed. Fuck yeah. You know more about the stars. But at the end of the day, it's pretty black and white dude. Yeah. I Would put, put right now I would put Marvin Haggler up against anyone alive today. Marvin AG, His George Foreman Or a young Roberto Duran.


Fuck could, how Would Hagar do against someone like Canelo Beil? Oh my God. It would be crazy. His Technique was fucked. You know what's crazy? Marvin was unstoppable. Unstoppable. He was so, he only had one knockdown in his career. It was bullshit. He got knocked down by Juan Roll Dam. But he like kind of cuffed him on the back of the neck and he slipped forward and they called it a knockdown Argentina while rolled down. That's right. Hell yeah. Was a tank. Tank. The nineties boxing. It was a tank. Do you what what boxing matches in the nineties. Had like a little question mark about like, damn was that rigged? There had to be rigged fucking boxing matches in the nineties. There had to be has to go conspiracy. There had, we're Talking about great real things. It Had to be something. It wasn Because it, because now Dur Football being rigged now is bigger than ever because now NFL is all in with not DraftKings and FanDuel rigged.


So it's all over the internet that NFL football rigged. It's Right. It's rigged by the, it's Bigger than ever. Yeah. But it's rigged by the refs, given favorable calls. Like the Chiefs, they're good for ratings. The Lakers, they get more calls than any other other. Yeah. It's So it and everyone's analyzing all the calls now look at these calls. Right. Look, Jamie, look at look at me calls Like it's bigger than ever now that like, it's huge. It's viral. That NFL is rigged by the refs. Well, Didn't some NBA refs wind up going to jail? Yeah, That's what I'm saying. One guy, they found out he was born once they born and raised in Boston, his whole family grew up Huge. Boston Celtics fan. Whenever he was the ref for the Boston Celtics, their numbers were wild. He got fired. Yeah, He fired. Hey boys, my flight's in two hours.


Oh, is it really? Holy shit. What time's your flight? We've Been here for four hours. Oh, our flight's fun. We've been having fun. It's both at seven. I had no fucking idea. We've been having fun airport's 15 minutes away. I miss this. Hang, I miss this hang. I know. We don't get it in now. The OG hang, You know, a couple Times. A couple times. I was just sitting here just listening to you guys fucking ramble. No, it wasn great Nonsense. No nononsense. CIA bullshit. I'm listening to that fucking, but, and I'm also like, damn, this is like a, a virtual reality 3D replay. How many? But it, but it's, it's Like, It time, it's real. I'm like, it's real. But it seems like, damn, we're Fucking, I'm a part of a fun thing.


How many have we done these? I don't know. It has to A hundred. It has to be. No, not Hundred. How many Jamie? 50. I think total is around 60. Maybe 60. We've done that. Sold Business. Five or so. Yo. When, when someone told me goes, You know how many times you've been on on JRE? I swear to God. I I guess like 15 and thinking it's a lot. 15 to 20. I'm thinking, how many times you've been on jr. I'm like 2015. They go, dude, 85. I'm like, what Fuck. I think Sean is the most times of anybody. He's number one. He's number one and up. And when I heard that shit, I was like, no fucking way. Is it 80 times? Yeah. And it, And It is like, how is that possible?


One, two and three of the day Have so many, I get a kick out with Joe. I don't know if you get this. I get so many people who call me up. They're like, bro, what's up? Good dude, we got this thing. I'm like, oh, here it comes. He goes, it'd be a great thing for Joe. And I'm like, and you could make money too. I'm like, yeah, there we go. Oh, did I get that all The time? Every time I go like, watch this, watch this. If I get pitched, I go like this. I go, I go, okay, okay, this, I gotta call him right now. I'm calling him right now. Ive calling him. I gotta, I'll Call you right back. I gotta call him right Now. Brian Callen never changes his cell phone. These are the same cell phones. Same at the beginning of time. You Know what's crazy is many people that try to contact internet me to get to you. There's all the people that I know. People are contacting them to get ahold of me.


To get ahold of you. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Yo. Right. You know, it's about, it's Crazy. It's fucking weird. It's Crazy, bro. It's crazy for me too because I know if they, it gets on JRE, you're gonna be a millionaire. Right. It's basically that's what they think everyone thinks. Like, if I can this product. But What's wild is that we've all been on there so many fucking times. I don't even think about it. But you've it's never, it's never been different. No. Like, like right when we sit down, I'm never nervous. So It Is exactly the same. This talking is the Same shit Right here. It's always fun. It's like, because We're not trying to sell anything. Well, we're having a good time. We've been friends for the beginning of time. I've been friends for you with like almost 30 years, bro. I met you in 98. Isn Crazy that you and I, you and I met in 19 96, 9, 6.


We're closer to 30 years. That's 30 years. That's what I said on your birthday. I was like, you and I have known each other for a fucking 20. And when we were baby Talking mad shit. And Trump, You know the crazy thing is talking Sam, Sam Tripoli was on before Trump. And then I'm after Trump. You're sitting in the Trump seat. You're the first guy. Sit in that seat since Trump. Oh really? Yeah. Got, He's like right. This The way, by the way, that There way plug for Sam Tripoli. If you're ever, if you ever see him in your fucking town, go see that guy. He's a special fun. He's a Real comic. Very fun. What's he special called? Yeah. Check out Sam Tripoli Special. Love that dude. I've been friends with Sam for legit of same thing of my favorite people. I think I met him in 98. Sam A Sam Tripoli. I said this many times is one of the greatest people On Earth, earth.


And a great comment. I love that guy. He's Fucking hilarious. All, All he does is try to help people. Quiet It called Quiet, quiet. Watch. Watch Sam Tripoli quiet. I went to it. I I fucking dying. Special. Quiet. He's so silly. And You know what I'm opening for him. February 6th, seventh and eighth. Columbus, Ohio. Pottsville Pennsylvania. Potstown Pennsylvania. Nice. And then Morristown jersey at his club. The Dojo. The Dojo of Comedy. Yeah, the Dojo. We're doing that. Does He still have the Dojo in LA as well? Ah, I didn't close that. I don't know It wasn the dojo of comedy in Morristown, New Jersey.


Dude, that place rocks dude, Bro. He should open, open up a Plays rock. Dude, you gotta go there. Seriously, dude, I Austin. Open, Open. Yeah. There's room for more clubs in Austin. We're talking about opening up another one in Austin. Jesus Christ. Like a little baby one. We're So jammed up Hard to compete Too. That Ben Bank. You guys are just Always sold. That kid Bank Is He just moved here. He was. So Ben Ben Bank is, I was in Calgary. He's fucking funny. That motherfucker got up and did like 10 minutes. I was howling. He came off. I was like, bro, you're the fucking real deal. He's He's very funny. Hilarious Canadian cat. Yeah. Great guy. Very, very, very funny. And a good dude. Oh yeah, he's funny. Has Your, has your boy Nick Been at the mothership? He's So funny. That's my Feature's. Fucking monster too. You met him. You'd liked him. Yeah. Nick. Good guy. Nick. A real nice guy.


Nick Simmons. Funny motherfucker. Nick's funny. There's so many comics here now that it's almost too many. And like, we need more stage time. Another club, we were talking about doing it. So Redbands Club must be pumping. It's killing it. Red Band Club. Killing, killing it. Good for Band Sunset Strip. Yeah. It's only two. Like how many doors down is it from us? Five doors down. Good for him. Five doors Down. He Must be killing it. Walk five doors down. It's red Band club. And it's a, it's a nice big club. Good. Hundreds Of people. And you sitting, sitting promoting it. That's a beautiful thing, right? I do, bitch. I set it up. How do you don take a, it's like When he asked you, you're At the sphere. I'm like, bitch, I worked there. Hey, I was at the sphere. You gotta see it, Joe. I'm psyched. What work?


Are You gonna come down for my special? No, I'll be there. When is it? January? I, I'm there January 11, 12 and 13. So whatcha Are you gonna name it If False Gods. Okay. Oh, that's a good name. Yeah. Okay. False guys. That's a good name. Yeah. Beautiful. If I'm yeah, if I'm, you're have a great fucking time. That club is the best thing I've ever had, So I Can't wait. The club is so, it's just set up the right way. It's all set up for us. It's like, there's no consideration of anything other than what's best for the show. Yeah. Everything was done with what's best for the show, not to make more money. What's best for the comics, what's best for the show? Let's make it the most fun place ever. Let's make it legendary. You Know, I'm, I'm in, But I wanna do another one. I wanna do another one. You do? Yeah. I wanna do one somewhere else. Somewhere else. And, and I think once we develop a big enough group of comics and we're developing a lot of comedians outta there too, because we have an, we have open mic night, two nights a week.


And we have a lot of showcase spots. There's a lot of spots where these really talented young people move here, get to go up good. And then they go on the road with like Duncan or Brian Simpson or Tony will take 'em on the road and it's like, it's a real developmental cycle. And all the people that work there as door people, they all audition with their act. Wow. That's how they get the job. Wow. So they're all talented comedians. Is that how they did the Comedy Store too? Yeah. Yeah. That's The same vibe. Are you gonna, are you gonna open it in Austin or Somewhere else? But different 'cause the Comedy store, you could just join, you could be terrible somewhere. I think Austin. Austin first. I think we'll open up another one in Austin. Maybe on the other side of Austin. Wow. And then we'll open up in another city I Think. Wow. Maybe since Orange County. California is so red.


You know, The thing is, You know what I mean? You have to have Huntington Beach. A lot of talent there. So the the the way, yeah. It's not a, the way that this club worked because everybody moved here because everything else was shut down. But they moved here. Right. They moved here. So if you, you Find another spot. So find a spot where there's already talent and Have to give them a year to move there. Well, not just, you wanna find a spot where com East Coast. Yeah. East coast. I was think in New York East. Yes. You want to go where Comic San Diego already exists, but make it a super favorable environment so they make more money there. It's, it's easier. You, you set the club up so the comics don't get hassled. They have a place to hang out in the green room and talk to each other and talk shit. And then you make it. So it's just set up for the betterment of comedy. That's San Diego.


And you don't have to like, don't try, you gotta do it where you're not trying to make money. You gotta do it where you're just trying to like not lose money and for the love put together the club. That's it. And if you do it that way, you could do it. You could do another mothership. That's always done though, Joe. It's not like you've done anything. But it only happened out of a lucky thing. The lucky thing was Covid Newsom. Yeah. You should give him 10%. Well it's not just Newsom. It was New York too. 'cause a lot of guys came from New York 'cause they couldn't handle it anymore. Yeah. Because New York was crazy. You needed a vax car to get on stage. It was a lot of bullshit. And so they came too during the whole n nonsense of it when you could do standup here indoors. And so when we were doing the Vulcan, no one was doing standup indoors anywhere. And we were doing it every night. We were just, that place was hopping Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Monday night kill Tony.


It was hopping wing weekends. Guys would fly in. Vulcans still happening. Yeah. Vulcan's great. Yeah. Vulcans great. Vulcan's right down. There's, we have so many clubs just on that street besides the mothership. There's Vulcan right over there. There's a creek in the cave, which is fucking awesome. There's, what is that Black Rabbit? I'm sorry. Is that what it's called? That's just, that's a pub though. And then Right. But they have stand up there. Yeah. Cap City too. But it's a ways out. Cap City's on the other side of town. Yeah. But then you have Sunset, which is Red Band's Club, which is only five doors down from mine. Like there's a lot of clubs just right there. That's great. And so there's a lot of stage time, but there's so many comedians and they're just moving here all the time. And I'm always trying to recruit people and I'm always trying to get people to move here. And I feel like as people move here and we need more spots, we'll just expand.


Love it. The whole idea is just to, this, this fucking thing should not be run by anyone other than comics. Yeah. Agree That this not we, we were influenced for so long by Hollywood. They dangle that carrot of TV shows and talk shows over everybody's head and everybody changed their act and everybody just, they did became what they thought Hollywood wanted them to be so they could be in a movie. Remember the whole thing was to get a sitcom and startup standup, You know how many times told that story. And even on your podcast where when we first started hanging out, like in 98. And I was like, damn, you were, it was before news, before Factor after News Radio. And I remember like, damn, I'm hanging out with an actor. We're gonna go to these fucking Hollywood parties.


And I'd say, Joe, when are we gonna these Holly's party? And you were like, fuck those Hollywood. And I'm like, what? He goes, dude, they're fucking piece of shit people. You don't wanna go to these fucking parties. And I'm like, God damnit. I wanted to go to the parties. I used To argue With him. Remember? Yeah. I wanted to go to the party. He never wanted to go. He and I used to get in arguments. Like, he'd be like, why are you in the s acting guy? Because you go To fucking study Acting. We get in like, we get in like arguments where our girls at the time were like, what the fuck's going on? People at the other tables were like, I was like, fuck you gotta study. It's like, whatever dude do. Stand up. You bitch. Well I knew that you were really funny on stage and I knew that you were neglecting it 'cause you were trying so hard to get TV shows. And I was like, dude, fuck. You're you, you're worshiping false gods.


I'm Worshiping false Gods. Yeah, yeah. You, you were always, you were always comedy first. I was TV show second even while Fear Factor. Then you got Fear Factor. I remember we were gonna do a private lesson. It wasn a purple Be, and you were a blue belt and you wanted to learn some twister shit. And I showed you like Crot tripper stuff. And you said, yo, I can't, I can't train this Tuesday or whatever. I got this fucking crazy audition with this show. They're gonna sick dogs on people. Shit. And I'm like, okay. And then, and then we started training again. Weeks went by and go, remember that fucking stupid show that that I did? They fucking want me dog. And I'm like, oh shit. It wasn the beginning of factor When I came into the audition. You first got Care Factor banged up on edibles?


Yeah. Really? Oh, he did every show. Like dude, those producers, I was on the set. He'd bring up the producers and the directors. They just let Joe do whatever he wanted to do. They go, you had lollipops, remember back before it wasn dispensaries? This was before weed was still totally illegal. Yeah. But there was one dispensary. Englewood. No, you could get Medical. We medical Weed was legal and I had headaches. Oh right. And Remember that place in Inglewood? And remember that place in Inglewood? We went it wasn one fucking place. Inglewood Wellness Center, Dude. Yeah. We went to one place. Do you Remember when we stopped going there because the guy got shot. I forgot he got Shot. That guy got shot. Yeah. The guy that used to take care of us there, because they used to do it only cash. Because you, Because you can use credit cards back then. So I was with you. Yeah, they they shot that dude I Was with, he had a lollipop during Fear Factor.


Every Oh yeah. Every shit. Because I did the first four episodes sober And it was so boring. Yeah. And then I, and then I started doing it on edibles. I'm like, this is awesome Joy. Really? This show's so fun. And it Was exciting. And you would think he would stop doing comedy. 'cause it most, most comedians, once they get into tv, they fuck they fuck comedy. You and I were in New York. He got harder with comedy. Yeah. You and I were in New York and I know that you and I were in New York and I remember the first time I realized you were getting famous. I don't know if you remember this, probably not. But we were, you were you, I think you had done Fear Factor. It was after the first season and we're walking and a cop, two cops walked by and the cop's eyes are this big. And he goes, Joe Rogan. And you were like, Hey, How are you doing?


And it was like, and I was like, dude, fucking, this is when it starts. And it was the first time we were in this, we were on the, what It really was was after the first season it was hot. Yeah. But when after the first season you did the Super Bowl halftime Victoria Secrets lingerie show, fear Factor Style. And we watched that at your house. Like, yo, I think It was Playboy Playmates play, whatever, something Like that. Yeah. Playboy Playmate, halftime Super Bowl. Yeah. So he never watched Super Bowl in his life, but now he's watching the Super Bowl. It was the, the Rams were in, I think, oh. And then after the Super Bowl, it was like, fine. It was after like one season. He went, nobody went up to him. But we went to Baja Fresh. I'll never forget, I love ba We went to Baja Fresh right after the Super Bowl.


And when we parked and we started walking, two motherfucker, one dude, Hey Joe in the car. And we're like, oh shit. And then we walked like 15 more yards. And another dude, Hey Joe, like, oh. And we looked at each other like, oh shit, things are gonna change now, Dog. This is like pre-internet too. The fame was still weird. Didnt know it. Wasn real. Baha Fresh. Ba fresh Was like the change. It was new, right? It was Like, It was Weird. Yeah. It was out. You didn't know you were famous, you weren't sure, You know, you kind of knew that the TV show was successful, but you didn't know what was going. But Nobody was coming up to you. Like, nobody came up to you for like news radio ever. No. Never Got Recognized. No. Never Goldberg. Seven years or whatever. The fucking school, you never, you don't sell tickets that way.


You sell tickets off a podcast, you sell tickets off of, You know, the Internet. I sold tickets at some clubs, But there were clubs. It wasn already going to, You know, and already built a market and like Houston and Phoenix and different places where I did standup all the time. Yep. Don't, Don't you think fame's tougher on your kiddos Than you think? Yeah. Well it's, It sucks with the kiddos. You keep 'em away from It. Yeah. You don't, you don't want to Expose s it Sometimes bring them out and show them impossible to the world. Don't pictures of Yeah. I don't think that's a good idea. I don't either. No way. Way. A kid being famous is the worst. Oh, like having, Has it worked out for anybody? No. I've never seen one kid that became famous as a child and is cool and normal as an adult. They're Always A little scrambles. We Always used to think like, we knew that kids, like famous kids and movies and TV shows.


They always ended up fucked up and, and, and on drugs. We always knew that. Like, oh, it's just too much fame. But now we know what the f why they're fucked up. Well there's, now we know why they're fucked up. How many of those child shows that There was pedophiles That, that Nickon. Now dog. Now You know why, You know, one of the ways that Nickelodeon weirdo got busted, he had people over his house and he had a bunch of artwork from John Wayne Gacy And it was like, shone it off and someone on the staff was like, Hey dude, that's fucking weird. What? Yep. And that's when they started becoming privy to it. Yeah. What? He had a bunch of artwork from You sure about that? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Alright. Look at me. Jesus Christ. Yeah. It wasn like that meme. You sure about that, Brian?


The cr, the CIA disagrees. I got a text on my phone that says you're lying. No, that's real. But I got a direct connection to the White House. But it Wasn't but it wasn't like in his basement. It was like a centerpiece. Oh God. Of Like when the clown drops. Yeah. You see we got that photo of Bill Clinton up now. Oh Yeah, I saw that there. The painting Clinton One from Epstein's house. Yeah. Love it. Wait a minute. That's, that's new. Yeah, we Got That. That's new. The one in the dress, in the blue dress. Yeah. We Got That Now. It'd be sick if you had the real one, Isn't it? Isn't it crazy that he turned on Kamala? Isn't it crazy that he turned on Kamala? Who? Biden. Bill. Clinton. Clinton. He Biden, he's, he's talking about Vett. He goes, we would've vetted them. There would've been, wouldn't have been any murders.


Like, whoa. What is that about? That is Clinton, was That about Democrat Bill, Bro. Bill Clinton. During the debates when he won, you go back and watch that. It Wasn a very master Politic. He savage. Very good voted. Fuck. I would've voted Dude. He's so Smart. Made so much. And he, by the way, he killed it as a president. The economy was booming, Considered a, considered a formidable intellect. Formidable. Meanwhile, another Arkansas and all the drug trade, it wasn all him. Hundred percent. Yeah. We're gonna make Barry Seals. I'll make the economy. Okay. Look at my face. Look at my face. Don't you think Alsot? You Don think but don't. But hold on, don't you this, don't you think that all of those guys, when they get to that point, they're compromised? Yes. Hundred Percent. He was, he was The only way Was the governor of Arkansas when I was all that shit was happening.


But especially Before the, That's why became president. Yes. Yes. Because especially before the internet, man, you had to compromised. You had to be dirty for you to be playing the game. Dirty Game. I think some, I think some Involved Difference. Yeah. I think some get involved to make a difference and then you get to a certain level where you have to be compromised. Upt play The race. But imagine you're, but Eddie, hold on. You know, imagine you're playing the game and you don't even know the internet is a possibility. So you think you're always gonna be running things like this. Yeah. And then, You know, like one of the questions that I asked Trump, the big one was about the JFK files. So I was like, why didn't you release 'em? Because I, I, I told him, you had said publicly that if they showed you what they showed me, you wouldn't release it either. And so one of the things he was talking about, some of those people are still alive.


And I said, well, you, well, well you're implying by some of those people that are still alive. You mean in the government? He essentially said yes. And I said, so you, what you're implying is they would be implicated in the murder of JF So the government is implicated in the murder of JFK. Some people that were involved, an intelligence agency or something that may be still alive, were implicated in the murder of JFK saying, said he is all gonna get it out once he gets into office. So it'll be a cleansing. He said it'd be, that's how he described it. That's Another reason they don't want in there. 100%. That's definitely, that's A huge reason they don't want him running the House. Definitely. There's a lot of shit about that. There's a, just the stuff they did with you, Don Lemon, the 51, just the stuff they did with the 51 intelligence, former intelligence agents that signed off and said the hundred Biden laptop ad was the laptop was disinformation from Russia.


Just that alone. That Alone. And that alone should je I always, I always go to ham's razor like dumb Lazy. Oh, don't you do this, you son of a bitch. Dumb and lazy. Yeah. You Know what I mean? Like, I Always go, he just had All in cop, but they're Always like, what about JF kb? Well, They're always like, bro, You better get on that flight before your handlers that's calling you. He's texting right now. He's texting me right now. He's like, listen Brian, hold the line. There's, hey, hold the line. Hold the fucking line guys. Vaccines are real. JFK was killed by Lee Harvey Oswald. That's what I'm Getting. I'm just reading, I'm just reading the, the latest press before. Yeah. Ruby Rich. Don't shoot the Red Meer and come see me in Buffalo at helium. November 7, 8, 9.


Alright, go. Do you have a website? Brian cowen brian cowen.com. Okay. All my goodness. Brandon Chaub, what's up with your shows? Tell everybody about your, your truck show. Yeah. Drive fast. All gas. The second giveaway will be at sema. The go giveaway goes live at sema. It starts November 1st. It's a dark horse Mustang with over 850 horsepower. Damn. Oh shit. Yep. Ralph Supercharger launch edition. Oh shit. Full carbon fiber, shit. GTD, carbon fiber all Over GTD. Yeah, it's dope. Oh, that guy does great shit. Yeah. Yeah. Oh goodness. It's my favorite. Yep. You don't even know. But November 1st, if you'll sign up at drive fast oil gas.com. Right now you get 500 extra. How come There's only like two guys here that really give a fuck about cars? Gay. I don't have money. Doesn't care. I don't have enough money.


I got a tundra. I got a 10,015 Tundra. Those motherfuckers go a million miles. He Listen, they're the best truck. Toyota trucks a truck. It won't start. Toyota trucks are the fucking best. Now what? I love Toyota trucks. Now What up if I had one? If they said you have one car that's not gonna get fucked with. I'd get a Toyota truck. Hundred percent Heard. Power stroke. Hey The man. Those are good forever. Those are good too. I Put a, I'm, I'm putting, I'm swapping the motors in my Hummers. Oh shit. My Hummers. Look at this. Hummers hu this ridiculous person. They're cheap, dude. This is a ridiculous person. Got an electric one. They Got an electric one now. Are you Getting that one? Who does that? Red band has it. Red band has the electric one. It's the shit. Okay. It does wild. And it crab walks goes sideways until fucking Have you driven a real one with a LS four engine in it.


How long does it, how long would those take to recharge like a Hummer electric Hummer? That's probably gonna take like 17 hours. Eight hours. It takes a little time. What do you drive? All kinds of shit. But do you drive mostly your Tesla? No. I drove my people. I drive my Raptor a lot Of the time. He is a Hennessy Raptor. RI Love that thing. He Has my favorite car of all time. GT 40 A GT four. A GT 40. No, no, A GT four GT 2005 four gt. I almost brought that today. What's four gt? What Happened? Whatever happened to good old fashioned Corvettes? Like what's cor Fucking crazy? There's a ZR one coming out. Fucking Corvettes The Crazy one. Just the regular stingray is fucking incredible. They, they look like Lamborghinis now and they Drive so good. Tony has one fucking Z one's gonna beat most hypercar.


It's gonna be 1100 horsepower from The factory. You don allocated one. Oh, don't die, don't crash. Chance. I Flip that. What, what you got going on with Toby sam tripoli.com. We're doing tenfold that comedy, like I said earlier, Columbus in February, go see Sam Potstown The Juujitsu seminar. The Tell, tell everybody about the event. Event goji Seminar. Oh, I'm, I'm gonna be Richmond Coach Juujitsu Richmond, Kentucky, 10th Planet Richmond, and then 10th Planet Lavonia. That's in Detroit. That's coming up in December. Look it up. Look it up. But your your resort, this whole thing. Jiujitsu overdose.com in December. Check that out. That's, that's the Coachella jiujitsu. I'm trying to do the best shit possible. That's all I'm trying to do. I love you guys to death, love you.


Looking forward to amazing Fun. The best brother. The best Love. So I love you guys.