
This episode is brought to you by blinds.com. Do you know that the right window treatments aren't just about privacy? They could actually save you some serious cash on your energy bills too. But is it really worth the hassle? It's a lot of waiting for some pushy salesperson to come to your house with. An overpriced quote sucks. Right? Well say goodbye to all that nonsense because blinds.com has revolutionized the game. blinds.com lets you do a virtual consultation with their award-winning design experts. Whenever you have time, no pushy sales rep in your home, just hop online and blinds.com will send free samples right to your door. How cool is that? Whether you're a do it yourself beast or you prefer professional installation blinds.com has you covered. And guess what? You can get your entire house done for one low price, no hidden fees, no showroom markups. What you see is what you pay. Now I get it. Ordering online can be sketchy, but not with blinds.com. They've covered more than 25 million windows and they've got a 100% satisfaction guarantee. blinds.com is hooking up my listeners with an exclusive $50 off. When you spend $500 or more, just use the code rogan@checkoutatblinds.com. Go to blinds.com and use the promo code Rogan Limited Time offer rules and restrictions apply. See blinds.com for details.


Joe Rogan podcast Check Out The Joe Rogan. Experience Train by day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, All day. Alright, We're up. What's up, man? Good to see you Much. Good to see you too. You have had a lot of experiences since the last time I saw you. Yeah, a lot of things happen. That's why like always about writing my book and chapter. Keep adding up, adding up, adding up. And yes, every time you feel like you are just maybe in the beginning or in the middle. Yeah. Don don't think so.


You're definitely only in the middle. Yeah, In the Middle. Well, somewhere I mean it's not the beginning, but it's a lot of experiences. So tell me about leading up to the Tyson Fury fight. Oh, the Tyson Fury fight. That was great. you know, I was just there living a dream, you know, get this big moment, get that fight that I've been, I've been waiting for four years. The fight that everybody said you were never gonna get. Yes. Which is crazy. Like, thank God for the Saudis because they, they are making things happen, which is really, really Incredible. Things happen. Incredible. And it's not like, who is this? Who is who? Who is that? you know? It's like, okay, we want it to happen then make it happen.


Yeah. Because everybody wanted to see it happen. But it was one of those things where everybody dismissed it. Everybody said, that's not gonna happen. Tyson Fury's, the heavyweight champion, why would he fight a guy who doesn't have any professional boxing matches? That's crazy. That's not gonna happen. Yeah. And it happened and then everybody said you didn't stand a chance. And then when you knocked him down the second round, everybody was like, holy shit. And when you're dancing over him when he went down. Yeah. But you know, I think a lot of people do mistake something. you know, And, I always tell people like, not because you're a fighter, that you walk in the ball and there's this guy coming to you, maybe this fat guy coming to you, and then you stand there and because you're a fighter, don't think like he's a threat.


Everybody could be a threat. You better step, take two, step back and then like see your distance and get ready to defend yourself. you know, you don't, if everybody hits you, anybody hits you, you're gonna get hurt. Right. you know? True. So yes, I might not have been doing boxing. I'm not a boxer, but still I'm a fighter. And even if I wasn't a fighter, you know, I can hurt And. I can harm somebody. You're A big motherfucker. I'm a big Guy. So I was watching it and people was like, no, he stand no chance. He has zero chance. I'm like, there is not a fight on earth. That zero chance, that element of zero chance doesn't exist.


I mean, if you look at it, I'm a man guy and then two men together. Someone might have more techniques, might know the sport, but even if I never been in the gym, you still better watch out. I still have a chance, yes. Maybe not as much, maybe not equal chance, but I still do have a chance. But you can't dismiss someone like you and drop their, drop your guard. No. And think that you don't have any chance. You shouldn't Dismiss anybody. No. you know, we used to be in the, I I have seen fight that people show up and then they pretend like, oh, they're gonna fight. They have stone in the hand. And if you dismiss them because you think like, oh, he's a small guy, he hits you with the stone in his hand.


Right, Right, right, right. Where by the time you find out that he has stone in the hand, you are in the ground. Right. Exactly. But it, it was very clear to me that you had some interesting strategies when you went into that fight. First of all, you were, you were fighting a lot of it in South Paw. Why, why did you decide to do that? Was that something that you, you guys had devised before the fight? You thought it would be an interesting strategy? Or is that just like the way you like to box? I like to box like that. but I also thought he was a strategy that he would be a good strategy as well. Because like basically on the Tyson purified, I think the Sao Paul was a big component in that fight because every time that I realized that, every time that I switched to Sao Paulo, he was thinking.


But when I switched back to Orthodox, he was pressing. So when I want to take a break, I switched to Sao Paul A. Little bit. What was it like to I mean? There's obviously you've had many MMA fights, you've been very successful UFC heavyweight champion as an MMA fighter. But what was the difference in the feel of like going into a professional boxing fight with a guy like Tyson Fury, who is the heavyweight champion of the world, and one of the greatest of all time I mean he's absolutely one of the greatest heavyweight boxers ever. Yeah. But he was completely different. you know, the environment is different. The organization is different, is different.


To be a step in the ring for the first time, okay, you have all this spotlight on you, but you're in the ring feels different. Sometime you're in the cage, you are used to the cage. You lean on that cage, you have that feeling. You, you, you grab the, the cage all stuff also your Shoes off. Yes. And then in the cage, you know that you can, you can do more. You, you can wrestle, you can do this and you're comfortable with that. But you are, you are in the ring for the very first time somewhere that you never been. It feels different. And then you are thinking like, oh man, how am I going to do?


Am I going to be able to do three rounds? Am I going to be able to do four rounds? I don't know. I can find out just now. There's not a way back. That's crazy. You can find out. So every by, every round you have to think about like, okay, how am I doing? This is the first round, then second round. Okay. So this the fifth round. I'm not too bad. So I think I going to get there. you know, just go like that round. So Round. So you're concerned about endurance? Yes. You very concerned about endurance. It was 10 rounds. And, I didn't know how I gonna be feeling after the third round. You turned it on the eighth round and the eighth round you hit him with some big shots. Yeah. That was one of your best rounds.


Yeah. The, yeah, the eighth round was pretty good. Then I get little, then I pull my, my feet off the gas on the ninth round round. And then the 10 rounds I'm like, you know, like, oh, I feel good. This the last round. Right. I feel good. That's when I start to do like those, the Superman punch or the stuff for me. He was already a win. He shocked the world, that's for sure. Yeah. Did you have any mock fights in the gym? Like, did you bring any professional boxers and have like, try to go eight, 10 rounds in the gym?


Sparring? Yeah. But like with no headgear, like smaller gloves, did you do anything like that? Replicated an actual professional boxing match? No. No. We just do like a normal sparring have d different sparring partner sometimes to push me. But we didn't do anything like that. you know, as a MMA fighter, we used to spa without gloves, without headgear and stuff. But you get into boxing, everything is so strict, so specific. And then you get to the point that you kind of like ask yourself like, why taking a chance to hurt now and get put and get pulled up of the fight.


Right. You Know, I'm just going to train. I trained the best that I could, that I can. Then I will get there, see, figure out what's happened. And so, but from the time the negotiation started to the time of the fight, how much time did you have to prepare for this? For the negotiation? No. So you had the negotiations and then once it was signed Yeah. How much time did you have to prepare for the actual fight itself and how were you preparing already hoping you were gonna have a boxing match. Yeah, But it is different to like, think that, oh, I might have a a, a boxing match. I want to have a boxing match done. When you have a boxing match and knowing who you are going to fight is, is something different.


you know, you prepare the real preparations that now and between the moment that we signed the fight to the fight itself, it was over three months because I know that it wasn't my, my fear, you know? And I didn't have any, and it's not like I was in the gym training boxing every day. So it was basically four months. So I took That's crazy. Yeah. I took it a, a moment for a pre-camp. I came back here because I was in Cameroon at time. Then I came back here, my team, And I, we work on like, everything start like a pre-camp, you know, just train to get in shape, start like sparring.


And then we started, we started the sparring with three rounds. Wow. The first sparring was like three rounds. Move around. See, then we started go walk round after rounds. you know What it, what I thought when I saw the fight is imagine if you had just gone into professional boxing like 10 years ago. How well you would do if you no MMA no kicking, no wrestling, just professional boxing for you to do that. Well I don't against a guy like Tyson Fury, who's that good Don? Don't really know. And those are the stuff that I don't usually think about.


I think life sometime just had a path for you. You follow the path that you, the destiny that life has for you. And you just be grateful because regardless of the fact that I didn't start 10 years earlier, I didn't have that opportunity 10 years earlier. Meanwhile, I had to discover MMA and have a great journey in MMA, have a great experience in MMA, you know, so it's something that I will not regret that I will not beat that up over opportunity of starting boxing early things just happened. I took the, I took my chance. I do what I can do. It's all about like, figure out how far I can go, what I can possibly do.


you know? So I'm not 18 years, 20 years old guy that I dreaming to have a career into this. but I still wanna know what I can possibly do at this point of my life. Yeah. What was the experience like when it was all over? Like what did it feel like when you just went 10 rounds and a lot of people, including myself, thought you won? Yeah. Oh, I feel, I feel I, I feel very great. you know, like regardless of the result, for me knowing what I was going through, what was in my mind, like what's gonna happen into this fight first round, second round, then I get in the 10th round, good And, I pretty, I feel like I wasn't doing bad.


So for me that was a win. That was a satisfaction, you know? Right. The result was other part of it, which didn't matter most. but I knew already that when, if ever he get, because I couldn't guarantee that we would get in the turn round. But if ever we get there, I wasn't expecting to win. When you dropped him. Definitely not. When You dropped him in the second round, I jumped off the couch. Yeah. I jumped in the air. I would say something, you know, like, I won this from the moment that they accepted the fight. That they signed the fight. Because I think I was on the very underestimate, you know, they didn't know that I, I could have do something, you know, if they have known that beforehand, maybe this fight wouldn't have never happened.


Mm. Because they would've seen a risk and they wouldn't wanna take that risk. So this was basically like less zero risk. And it probably would've been different too, because he, there was no footage to prepare for you, right? Like the only footage that he could prepare was watching you fight in MMA. Yes. He was There. It is. Why, why are you dancing in front of him? When we started a fight, when the referee say, okay, you guys go to your corner, he said, let me take you to school. Mm.


So that was the dancing was like, I think you are, you are a bad professor, you're a ache. That, that was the only reason why I did that. He's a funny guy, man. He, He's funny. He's very entertaining. Yeah. He's So entertaining. He's so entertaining. It's just A show guy. Yeah. That's happened to really like being very talented. Yes. In boxing. Good at it. But he's an entertainer. Oh, I mean he's, the way he sells it, I mean even the way he like was playing with his fat, like standing next to you, like rubbing his belly. Like sometime he will insult you don don't know if he's insulting you or if he's making fun, but it's just funny that you have to laugh.


You really have nothing Say he kept talking about how big your dick must be. Yeah. He was just, he's a funny dude, man. He's a funny dude. He said that he's the first thing he started, said those things the first time we met and he will put some stuff up sometime that, you know, I'm like, what? And I really have a hard time understanding it, understanding what he's saying. Oh, I do. So I swear a Lot. And English is my first language. And. I have to translate to tell me what he said. Oh, His English is hard to understand. you know the gypsy king, he's, he's quite a character. He's a Correcter. Did you hang out with him at all after the fight? No, we didn't hang out. But I think we, we both respect each other.


And, I think he always, he always I mean he was entertaining. But he always show respect. He And I know that he, he respect, he respected me even from the beginning, you know, it's not like this was after the fight. Even from the beginning, he could have said everything that he would say to make his show, to laugh, make people laugh, you know. But he's very respectful. That's cool. Yeah. Was there any talk after the fight about a rematch? Yes, there is a, there was even a rematch close. How, how do they call like a first regard of rematch?


Close. There was some sort, something in the contract of it about the rematch clause Was that if you beat him or if Was, if I get in the eighth round. Really? Yeah. Wow. So the deal of the rematch was if I get in the eighth round. So why didn't the rematch materialize? I think it's a timing. I think it's a matter of a timing. Hmm. Yeah. So, so you go from that fight to the an Anthony Joshua fight. Yes. So tell me about the preparation and leading up to that fight. In fact, the preparation for the Anthony Joshua fight, then I started, you know, I, after having like four months of training camp for the Tyson Fury fight, I had this feeling, you know, and then I get little, I get a little confident now I know how he works like 10 rounds and then was pretty good.


you know, the Tyson Fury fight, I think I spa, I spa like 10 rounds for like Two weeks. Yeah. Like four, four sparring of 10 rounds. Barely. But the Tyson, the Anthony Joshua fight six weeks before the fight. I was, no, I wasn't 10, no. The Tyson. Yeah. Four weeks before the fight, I was already doing like 10 rounds. And I was feeling good, you know, even little lighter. But things plays out different. And I think, unlike the Tyson Shery fight that nobody expected me to do anything here.


They were expecting me to do something. So things play, play out little different. And then we get in the five week, and then every time that we gonna do something in the five week, whether it is media, they're gonna pick me up. And then I get there, have to wait like one hour and a half before he arrives. And there was like, maybe the third day of the week that day, the Cooper, he said, oh, he started get really mad upset about like, yes, this how they get They do to get fired, tired.


But at the time I didn't know what was going on, you know? So I'm like, no, come relax, do we, it's okay. you know? I didn't know until we get to the fight. Day, five day we receive the email, pick up time. I mean this one thing. I'm among others. Pick up time, 10 30 from the hotel. And then when they say 10 30 by 10 20, there is a car in your door waiting. We go to the supposedly five, five time mean between midnight to 1:00 AM we get to, to the arena, 10 45, there's a producer coming to the locker room, say, oh guy, we are running late on the broadcast now we, we, we gonna go around 1 45 each.


I'm like, okay, 1 45. It's 10 45, 3 hours. Oh, Okay. you know? So what do you do? do you eat? Do you sleep? What do you do when you know you have three more hours? You know, it just stay there. And then you have like a drug test guy around waiting for you to pee. How far before the fight do you eat? Usually? Maybe like four, five hours. Yeah. Like maybe five to six hours. Then you get some snacks in between, you know. And then, yeah, he was one around one 30 that he was Indonesia who arrive.


I saw him scream. I'm like, so we supposed to fight at 1 45. He's arriving at one 30. What does that mean? He's going to, so, so They're playing games Until we, we fight at one, at three 30 we lived Oh wow. The room at three 30. I have been in Saudi for almost two months. Training to fight between midnight and one Mm. That was my bed, my training time by two three I mean. So they wanted to keep you anxious, drag it on psychologically, put it in your head, you don't know when you're gonna fight.


Pretty much. Yeah. But even at that time, I didn't know what was happening. Right. It was after, after everything that I'm like, what's going on? Because I get in the, I get to the point that I was so tired. I was in the locker room hitting meat, then sit down feeling asleep. Then I tell Eric, Eric ick, like, bro, something wrong. I felt I'm asleep. I feel like I wanna sleep. Like I'm, but we just keep, we just keep doing. So that's fight I mean. Not to say Anton, Joshua couldn't win me, you know?


I think if there's somebody that you, you can loss against him. He, he's, he's the guy, you know, and he's one of the best of doing it, you know. But, and this is definitely not on him because he wasn't the guy that was sending all those emails was organizing. So I'm not blaming about anything but the organization, bro. No. That did quite some stuff that wasn't fair wish on the Tyson fight was perfect. Everything was perfect because I was in a trade. I wasn't, nobody cares about me. Everything was organized. We get there in the locker room, I think was two hours before the fight properly.


Yeah. Hmm. So then that, I'm like, Well Anthony Joshua is a veteran. you know, he's been in the boxing game for a long time. And he knows for sure knows all the different tricks. They also obviously very much prepared for your style. They saw you fight Tyson Fury. So they had tape on you. As of Tyson Fury did not have boxing tape. He didn't have any footage to study. But Anthony Joshua did. And it was very clear that he knew you had certain tendencies and there were certain things that you did with the Tyson Fury fight that he exploited in his fight, Maybe. And then I think, again, I think he's capable to figure out everybody.


I think he's capable to win everybody. But in this case, I feel like in some ways they stand on my way a little bit. They stood in your way. Yeah. So they they played some games. Yeah, well, they wanted to get the most advantage possible, you know, which is, that's, you know, smart. If you are their coach, their manager, that's what I would do too. But he wasn't their coach that was organizing the fight. So you think it's the organization itself that they set everything up in his favor? The, the organization I mean? Yes. His team was part of organization because it was Greenbury and Mushroom.


Those emails was coming from the, from there. So those are the people that told you to get there three hours earlier than you needed to be. Yeah. Yeah. Those are the people that were sending the schedule, the fight we schedule and every day we send everything like pick up time. The, the program and the Schedule. Have you had a chance to go back and watch the Anthony Joshua fight? Yeah. What I mean? I didn't. Yes, I, I watched it. What was your kitchen? What, what do you remember about the fight? What was different? Watching it? Oh, even like feeling it, it wasn't even before I went to watch it.


I get in the ring was, wasn't, was, you know, wasn't feeling myself. And the first round when he knocked me around, like I fell And. I was like, did I slip? Like what exactly knocked me down, make me fall like this punch. Because I felt the punch, but it wasn't the punch that will knock me, knock me down, you know? So that's when I really get confused at that time. I'm like, damn, what? But this is the thing from that moment, I can knock down with the punch.


That wasn't that hard. Because You don't think it was that hard? No, he hit, he hit my hand before he hit my face. And, I felt it. I felt the punch. but I wasn't on the floor, the first one. And then I, I get count, then stood up, we finished the round, I went on my corner. But by the time I went on my corner, I never came back from that. I kept going, And, I remember being in my corner. And there we was like, don't go on sa Paul, he's waiting you on sa Paul do this, charm, do this, char. That was it. That that's from there.


I don't remember when I left the stool to get in the second round. Well that was probably from the big punch in the second round too, right? Yeah. But I'm talking about the First Rock. Right. But the memory afterwards is always gonna be cloudy after a knockout. Especially a bad knockout like that. Yeah. But I remember, I remember exactly what's happened until we get to the store. I remember being there like how start having blurry vision. Like the guy was in front of me. The, my team was in front of me speaking to me. And then the voice was getting distanced.


So you think there was something wrong? Don don't know if it's was the fatigue. don don't know what was it. But something wasn't right. So something wasn't right on. Forget about the punches he landed. Yeah. Something else was wrong. Is that what you're saying? Yeah. Something was wrong. Do you think it's something you ate? Do you think it was something don don't know that someone gave you? I have no proof. I don't know if maybe Did you get tested after the fight? Maybe it's the fact that I can I get there at that time? So just the fatigue and the anxiety. All The hours. Hours, I, don dunno the fatigue hours, Right? Yeah. But something wrong. I, I wanted to get First of all, like, when all those things happen, you are in the moment.


You don't think, like, you don't get out of the fight and think about like go get tested. you know? Right. You process thing. And then see to understand, to see how he was wrong. But by the time they said, I think I need, we have to do like within 12 hours to do like blood or urine, 12 and 14 and 24 hours. That was it. So I didn't do that. I, I can't say he was that, I don't know. But, but it felt like something was Wrong. I wasn't, it wasn't me. Yeah. So did it feel like something was wrong, like just playing fatigue?


Or did it feel like something was wrong? Like maybe you were poisoned or maybe playing fatigue. You drugged Fatigue. Playing fatigue. Fatigue. Yeah. So just fatigue. Yeah. On the fat, fatigue aspect. Yeah. Well this is also an aspect of experience, right? Because this is only your second professional boxing fight. And you know, there's things that people do. Like they They do very intelligent things to, like Davante Davis, when he fought Ryan Garcia, he made him rehydrate. He made him dehydrate, get down to a low weight. And then he, there was a clause in the contract where he couldn't gain more than 10 pounds before the fight itself. So he went into the fight. Dehydrated smart for a guy like Davante, who's a huge puncher, you know?


So there's things that like experience professionals that have been in the game a long time will get a fighter to agree to that's not in their best interest. And then there's things that they can do to you, like make you wait All day and make you wait around, which will fatigue you. Yeah. But there wasn't a thing or something in the contract that was forcing me to do something. The only thing was like to show up on time. Right. So that's, that was everything. Because like before all that, the week before sparring, everything feels good. I spa way more better, way more stronger than what I did on the Fury fight.


Right. Even my sparring partner was different at that time. you know, on the Fury fight, we were getting some, some somebody in maybe after the six or eight rounds just to weigh me down. But the quality of a boxing wasn't that impressive right here. It was different. And, I was able to hold. I know that if I had to fall, he would take a little more to get me down. Hmm. Well Anthony, Joshua's a big puncher. He's, he's a big puncher and he punch, he's fast. He's fast and he's a one punch knockout puncher as opposed to Tyson Fury can knock guys out with one punch.


But really he wears guys out. He beats guys up and then takes them out later. Like the Deontay Wilder fight. Like he beats 'em up and then he takes 'em out. you know? Whereas Joshua can take people out with one shot. He's a, he's a much bigger No, I agree. Physically. Much more powerful guy. No, I agree with that. And I. I knew that. I knew that. What would you do differently if you could do the Anthony Joshua fight again? That's the problem. We did everything right, like Everything. Right. In preparation. In preparation we did everything right.


you know, sometime, you know, like when for, for example, I, I fought, I went back And, I could have least a, I could make a whole list of what I did wrong, what I could have done better. And that's why like even after that fight, my next fight again directly was so bad because I was still working on the list of what I have done, done wrong. But here we were very disciplined. We did everything and everybody was professional. You can say this person did this wrong. This should have been like this, this should have been like that I don dunno.


It's so different too, because you're going from no professional boxing fights to two of the very, very best. Not just in the world, but the two of the very best ever. Anthony, Joshua, Olympic, old medalist, elite fighter, an incredible athlete. I mean he's so good. So did you think like at all about having fights with maybe some guys that were below that level to get more experience? Like after the Tyson Fury fight, maybe fighting a guy who's like ranked 15th or 16th. you know, I never thought about that. you know, he Just went for the money and the money and the big fight.


The big fight is obviously Yes. Won the big fight So. like for example, after the Tyson furry fight, if I go for another guy to 15, like what's, what's the goal here? I mean again, I'm not 20 years old. I'm not 25. That I have a plan to grow up the ranking Right. And get to the championship. I won Fight. Just get that money. Yeah, get the money. Get the big fights. The big fight out of the big fight. You So that was, that was the goal. Yeah. Well you achieved that goal, You know, because like First of all going to the Tyson Fury fight, you didn't know if there was a plan after that.


If there was another fight after that. And then after the Tyson Fury fight, the next fight that you have a call for was a Anton Joshua fight. Were you trying to get a different fight after the Tyson Fury fight? Like after the Tyson Fury fight? Were you trying to get a rematch or were you just willing to take whatever they are offering you? The rematch was there. We know we had the rematch, but he was going to fight usik first Mm. Thing that's supposed to happen in December. And he couldn't Right. He got cut. Yeah. He couldn't, he couldn't fight in December. So I wasn't really on something. I was just there. And then I get the offer of Indonesia. Sure. Then I'm like, let's go.


Hmm. Yeah. So where do you stand now? What do you, what are you planning on doing now? What do I plan on doing now? I think I still have copper in me. Boxing fights. I have couple. Yeah. Copper boxing fight. Ba Yeah. Basically boxing fight. I have copper. MMA fight. And I. Think I haven't think like I'm gonna fight MMA fight by the end of the year with PFL. I'm gonna fight. Might have to fight in Saudi again. Really? Yes. Well one of the things that has been discussed that A, apparently the UFC might be open to, because the Saudis throw around so much money is the potential of a a joint promotion promotion, a cross promotion with you versus John Jones.


Make it happen. That is what the world wants to see. Because when you have a guy like yourself that, you know, knocks outs deep A becomes the undisputed UFC heavyweight champion and then through negotiation only decides to relinquish the belt. Everybody, even though John Jones is the champion now, everybody's like, yeah, but you didn't win the title against the champion and you were the most compelling fight in the heavyweight division for sure. For John Jones. Mm. Well that's what I wish. But you know, in this, there's this, this takes a lot more than what I want or what I wish right to happen. Right.


There's a lot going on. Yeah, There's a lot going on. So tell me what, what is the status of your deal with the PFL now? So how does that work? It's working pretty good. We have a good relationship. I have some fight again. I will be fighting by the end of the year. And then Do you know who you're fighting? I think Raymond and Ferra. He's the guy. Yeah. That's the guy that knocked out Ryan Bader. Yeah. He's dangerous. He's that guy's, he's legit. I've been telling people about this guy for what, almost two years. He's A big dude too. Too White. This guy. Yeah. But very athletic, Very athletic.


Fast, Fast hand. One two knee stuff. Like very athletic. Yeah. So I think it's, it's, it's, it's gonna be him. And you think that fight will be in Saudi Arabia as well? Yeah, that's what the PFA Interesting. It's working on. Interesting. Yeah. Do you know when that'll take place? October. October sometime? Yeah. Ooh, they're working on October. Alright. It, it's not finalized yet, but there was talking about October 19th. Isn't that around the same time the UFC has that big Abu Dhabi card?


Don't they have a big Abu? Can you go to the UFC's website? See what their Abu Dhabi card is? I believe, I wanna say some, somewhere around the end of October, there's a, a big UFC card in Abu Dhabi. October 20, 0, 20 fifth. My mic's off sixth. Yeah. October 25th. October 5th. So October 25th. Yeah. Yeah. So one week after. Yeah. Interesting. Yeah. I don't know if the UFC has that card finalized. Do they have that card finalized? They always put on a big fight when they go to Abu Dhabi. Abu Dhabi's always a big card. A lot of like top level fighters on that card. Mm. Yeah.


Even this, this, this R one gonna be a big card. No, I'm sure If we make it happen, we're gonna stack, they're gonna stack that card. Do you know who else would be on that card with you? I don't, again, it's not finalized yet, but I think Rine Dobe will be on that card. Dobe. I love that dude. Yeah, I love that dude. I've had him on the podcast before. He's An entertainer too. A comedian. He's a, he's a comedian. He's crazy. Yeah, he's funny. He's very funny. But oh yeah. God damn. He can fight. Oh no. He can fight. How crazy was that fight? He Can, he can back up What? Whatever he said. Oh Yeah. He's an elite Kickboxer. Elite Kickboxer. He trained at my gym in LA when I had my gym in la my gym in la His trainer came when he did my podcast.


And he had a workout session. And man, his workout sessions are crazy. He's so cardio intensive. They're doing like sprints on the treadmill and they run to the heavy bag. Sprints on the heavy bag, run back to the treadmill. I was like, damn. Like watching that. I was like, no wonder why this guy has a crazy gas tank. Well he was a champion for at Glory. Glory for a long time. Yes. So, and not just a champion. That wasn't a mistake. Well He was knocking everybody out, not just knocking everybody out. But the way he did it, like he melted guys. He put pressure on them and knockout power, but intelligence and just great technique.


But the cardio was crazy. And I. Remember thinking like, this dude doesn't get tired. And then watching him train, I'm like, oh, well there it is. I mean He's not just doing like normal MIT work. Like I've, I've seen other guys work out where They do MIT work. They do their things. Like his stuff is cardio intensive, man. He has, he wants to have a full gas tank when he gets in there. Yeah. You know, how crazy was that? He knows what he's looking for. How Crazy was that fight where they called the fight because he stepped on a piece of glass inside the Cage? I don't know, man. I, don And I don't even know what Dar Rie was doing. All they had to do Was pull it out of his toe. Yeah. Like Something, he's like, Hey, I stepped something. I stepped something in my toe. And the s like fights off.


Yeah. I thinks Off. Think you, you stop the fight and you even check the canvas. If there's no more piece of a glass on the canvas That should be Overturned. 'cause that dangerous, that Should It is dangerous. Yeah. But that, that should be a no contest. There's no way that should count as a loss. Absolutely. That was a contest. Fucking insane Contest. Fight. No contest at all. No chance. How the fuck does another Guy get away? He's complain about like a high park or something. That didn't happen. Nothing. Piece of a glass shouldn. A piece of, and he's pouring there into his toe. Shouldn't be. And he's saying, just let me get it outta my toe. Yeah. Shouldn't be there. Lemme get this outta my toe. Shouldn. It shouldn't be there. And you know, things happen. Who knows how it even got in there. Who knows what happened. The odds. Just some random freak accident. He steps on something that nobody, you know what? It could've been stuck to someone's shoe.


And someone's walking around the cage with that stuck in their shoe and that falls outta their shoe and it sticks in his toe. He stands on it, he gets in his toe and he just points down. They say, stop the fight. Yeah. And he's like, I lost. He put it out twice. Like first and they fight. See if You can find that Jamie fight. See, the second time I was reading of someone's explanation of what Mark Goddard did and they said he did what you're supposed to do. like a fighter can't ask for a timeout and So. like if They No, no, that's wrong. It wasn't a time. It's not a time timeout. There's a foreign object inside The cage. Something Yeah. A foreign object falls Under to the timidity sections of the referees guidelines in which They are Timidity. Continue fight. This is just someone's explanation. Did they say Timidity? That's what this says. That's Ridiculous.


I'll find, I'll find that. See, you can find the footage though. 'cause the footage is, it's so obvious there's something wrong. The referee should just say time. Ask him what He's saying. Like what? What? It wasn't like he was in trouble and he was looking for a timeout. No. Yeah. It Was just he was dead in the middle of the fight. In the 50 50 position. Yeah. Yes. Yes. Okay. Break the fight. Break the fight. It's not like nobody is losing position. Exactly. So here it is. He's standing there. Yeah. It's not like nobody is losing, nobody is losing position from that. It is not like he take a punch. I want to recover from that. Gonna put his foot on the gas here. Fucking crazy.


Yes. No, I just don't understand that at all. That wasn't I mean. I haven't talked to Mark about it. That wasn't a good decision. I don't understand I mean. Maybe he's hindered by the rules. Maybe that's just what the rules state you have to do. Yeah. When a fighter says you have to stop something for a second, don don't know what the rules are in terms of that. I've never seen that happen before. I've never seen someone step on something inside the octagon and then point down to their foot. I've never seen it. So I don't, but man, what a shame. But he came after that and he won. He won his next fight. He's gonna fuck up a lot of people. Man. I was bummed out that he went to the PFL. I wanted that guy in the UFC. He can fucked up a lot of people who, And you know, he's got a lot of years in the, I think think Wanted, he said, he said he wanted to go to the UFC and then they give him some sort of contract.


And then I'm like, no bro, They gave him a bad contract. Yeah. That's, I think, I think he, he said that on the, on the tweet, right? Don don't know. Yeah. I don't know. He's some Tweet about like, that doesn't make salary any sense. Well that's crazy. An Interview. That Guy could be a superstar. He could be a superstar. He's so Fun. He's a Superstar. Yeah, He's a superstar. The guy filled up the Besi arena in Paris. Yes. And France. He's a superstar. Yeah. I mean, and that could translate 100% to the United States into the rest of the world. I mean He's that good. He's that good. Yeah. He's, he's one of the best in the world. And the fact that he's over there just like, well great for the PFL, great for the PFL, you know, but for the UFC, like that's a big loss.


Like anytime you can get an elite kickboxer. And he did a lot of training. He did a lot of training in wrestling. Went to AKA trained there. He's he's really worked on his take down defense. And He wants something. Yeah. He definitely wants something. And he's working on it. And the guy has serious discipline and work ethic and he's just smart man. And the way he fights, he's just like, he sets guys up and he talks so much shit before the fight too. He is fun. Did Did you watch his first fight at PFN? Yeah. The guy bring, he brought a mattress. Like, what the fuck is this? So Jordan go to sleep and he put the guy to sleep. Yeah. In few seconds. Well the, the difference between his level of striking and most guys in that division level of striking is like this.


Yeah. There's a huge gap of the difference. A giant Gap. The the other people, the other guy was just trying to compensate with the wrestling or jujitsu or something. Exactly. And even if you don't have a better wrestling than him, at least you grab him. You avoid some punch. Yes. And the thing about him is that every fight starts standing up. So one thing, if you're a really good wrestler, you have to take the guy to the ground. Yeah. But the fight starts standing, you know, with Cedric, the fight starts in his best place. And then you see how he was fighting his second fight, he was very low. He went very low. Like, oh yeah, okay. You're a wrestler. Yeah. Let's see how you're going to Yeah. Get that level change. Yeah. Like, I'm already down here.


So getting very, he's very intelligent, very smart, Very intelligent. And, and again, his level of striking. And we see that with like, guys like Alex Perera. Right. Like that level of striking, when you're a glory champion, the level of striking is so high. It's so above the average MMA fighter. Yeah. That when he gets in there with these guys, they don't, they don't want none of that. And then as soon as they started get like a, a, a little wrestling defense and stuff like that, they become in trouble. You can't take him down anymore. Exactly. And then you, you stand in front of him, he smoke you. So Yes. What could you do? Well you see that with Alex Perera now? Yeah. He is take down defenses much better.


Yeah. And he keeps getting better. He he's evolving so quickly like That. Not because he is been training. Yeah. He's been training for so long. He's been training for so long. And then he's also training with Glover, you know, Glover to S Yes. Also former champion I. mean Glover was a guy that was locked out of America for six years. He couldn't come to America for six years 'cause he had visa issues and he was like the boogeyman. We would all hear about him in Brazil and everybody would talk. Really? Yeah. Glover was like one of those guys before he entered into the UFC that And I think he wasted his prime. Unfortunately in Brazil, no, I won't say wasted his prime, but I think his prime years were outside of the United States.


That's why when he won the title, he was like 42, 43. Think 43. What exactly is a prime years is for a guy that won a title at 44. At 43? Well You just think you, you get to the, you get to the point to you get you to think that maybe 43 is the prime years If you won the title at that year. Right? Yeah. You watch that here. I'm like 43. He's not that old. you know, I think at 43 you can still do something. Yeah. It it, well it depends on the division, right? Like George Foreman won the heavyweight title at 45. Yeah. Yeah. He heavyweights different. It's more, yeah, it's different. Yeah. Because they don't push on that gas, you know. Right, Right, Right.


They throw some punch and move. How old is Cedric? Cedric Dobe. Yeah. Find out how old he is. I don Wanna say he's young. Yeah, he's young. He's young. He might be 30. How old he 30? 31. That's a good age. 31. Yeah. Yeah. And with that level of kickboxing, who Woo. Yeah. And power man. you know, like, not just like technique but power and endurance. Like it's a rare combination. He has a very, very good endurance and extreme power. Yeah. He hit like a deaf guy. Yeah. He's, he, he's a fucking killer. I'm excited to see what happens. do you understand the PFLs point system?


Do you understand that system? What do you mean? you Know how they have a points, like if you get a knockout in the first round, you get one point or three points or Yeah. What the fuck are they doing? Why are They doing that? That's, that's for the rogue winner season. I think it's just to push, push people for a better fight. Everybody knows that you get a knockout, you get, you deserve something better. You get a finish, you get something Right. But you can't always get finished. You knocked out. But what if you're fighting a guy that's like your level, like you're both elite and you, you're both fighting in like this incredible fight. You shouldn't be penalized 'cause you can't take out a fighter who's the best in the world in the first round. That seems crazy to me.


Yeah. But either Way, if you win a fight, you are winning something. Yeah. You just win. You just win more. It's like having a win bonus or something. don don't like win Bonuses Either. I hate win bonuses. Yeah, me too. don don't Like, I don't like, like don don't like win. I like boxing set up better where you have a contractual, you have a contract, you're gonna get paid $10 million, whatever it is, that's what you get. You don't get $10 million, but you only get 5 million if a shitty judge gives it to the other guy. Which we've seen so many times in the UFC guys lose half their paycheck because of a bad decision. Yeah. But What does that benefit?


Well who does it benefit from that? I don't know who it benefits. I don't think it benefits anybody. I think it's bad for everybody. I think it's bad for the audience. 'cause they're like what? 'cause it makes 'em angry. It's bad for the fighter for sure. If a fighter loses their paycheck, loses half their paycheck because of a bad decision. How About a promotion? I Don't even think it's good for the promotion. I think it's unfair. don don't think it makes any sense. No guy's trying at the elite level. Everyone's trying to win. They're all trying to win. Yes. Yeah. No one's not trying to win. Abso absolutely No one's gonna just co For the most part. You get there by winning. Yes. Yeah. That Thing Is, you get there the glory of victory. So what you trying to do, you're not gonna fight less hard.


I just don't understand the logic behind it. I think it's a flawed concept. And, I think it's something that never existed in combat sports before. MMA and really shouldn't exist. I think fighters fight their best, especially at the elite level. They fight their best. Yeah, I agree. I agree with you. Because like when you lose a fight, at least you should get your full pay on that fight. Yes. But that won't, the loss won't help you with the disadvantage you on the next fight. Right. you know, on next negotiation I'm like, oh, you lose two fight in a row. Right. So you, you don't have a power position anymore. Exactly. But like, just to pick half of your purse because you lose a fight.


Yeah. It's crazy. I don't like it at all. No, I don't like it at all. All it just, it doesn't make sense to me. I've heard people try to argue it and every time they try to make a an argument for it, I'm like, I don't get, it doesn't, it's not fair for the fighters. Fighters only have if they're really lucky. Like what's the most fight that a elite fighter in the UFC has? Like 50, 45, 50 fights, you know, maybe 50 fight. Maybe There's a few guys that have like that level of fights. Most guys they top off way less than that. Oh, way, way less. Yeah. Way less So. like You just, you just, by the time you start your career, if you already, you have like a injury.


Yeah. Good luck. Right. Good luck to reach 25. Right. Especially ACL surgery. Yeah. You're out for a year. Shoulder surgery, you're out for a year. Yeah. Broken hand. You're out for five Months. I might never be, it might never be the same. Yeah. you know? Yeah. And most people, it's not like there's a age to start. Like, oh, you start at 20 or 25. Right. Some people will get there at 30, over 30 I mean. Well how old were you? Have You started training so late? Like what, how old were you when you started training? 27. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah, it was 27. Yeah. But he was my only, that was only when I could have trained. Right. you know? Yeah. So You only have a certain amount of years. Yeah. Yeah.


But just wanna do the best out of those years Of course. But for you to be fighting on a system that penalizes you if there's a bad judge and you, you miss half your paycheck. Yeah. Does the PFL do win bonuses too? Do They do the same thing? Don don't know. Exactly. You don't, your, your, your contract is probably different than everybody else's. Anybody Yes. And. I haven't, yeah. My contract is different. No, I, either way I wouldn't go for that win bonus stuff. I have nothing against bonus. But don't split my, my, my paycheck in two talking about like winning bonus. No. Give me my paycheck.


If you wanna give a bonus for the win, let's do another deal on that one. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, that makes sense. I just, I think 'cause whether I lose or I, I don't lose or I win, I train, I get prepared for the fight. I come, I give it, I give everything for that fight. I should get paid. Yes. And the same thing that I give in that fight to lose could have get me to win. Yeah. Yeah. No, I agree. I agree. And so now the PFL and Bellator are one organization now, right? The PFL acquired Bellator. Yes. Is that what's going on? Yes. Do the Saudis have something to do with that as well? Don't they own part of it?


They invest in the PFL? Yes. In the main PFL because there's a main PFRA house, PFL that has like a PFF and the now and then now they're having like a P regional PFM, like a P-F-P-F-M Mina that launched this year. And in PFA Africa that's launching next year. And that's your shirt. Yeah. And so you're a part of that as well, right? Oh yeah. That's, that was the biggest, I think that was the biggest reason for me in that contract. The PFA Africa part was the most important one in that contract. you know, like before that I was trying to, like, even to the UFC, I have requested to be like, oh, I want to be the UFC ambassador in Africa.


I wanna do something out there. I'm like, oh no, we don't know. you know, this is not, we don't. And then I get the PFA, they say, okay, we doing this, we do that. They show me the roadmap. Like, okay, we launched PFL Africa 2025, you are the PFL Africa chairman. Like which extent? Because I don't want that bullshit of paper chairman or whatever it is. Like at which extent, like what exactly are you seeing in PFL Africa? And then they put it out and give, show me some element. I'm like, good. Then I'm on board. Mm. Well that is one good thing about going over to the PFL because you, you have so much value to them.


Like for you coming over, you were the undisputed heavyweight champion of the UFC. You come over to the PFL, everybody knows who you are now. It elevates the PFL. So it's nice 'cause it'll allow you to do more things. And to be honest, one thing, I have a healthy relationship, you know, it's, it's peaceful. Get to the point of my life that I really get tired or sick of drama. Sometime I just get into something, into some, find myself in the middle of some drama and then I just walk away. Whatever you want to say, you say something, you might say, I disrespect you.


You say, oh, I this, I that, bro. I don't have so much energy to give into that. So that was part of what was going on with the UFC. There was a lot of drama. That's Yes. That's and that's what take a lot out of you. You get to the point that, you know, I'm like, I want you, I just want this to be over. Right. I just wanna get to be over. Right. Get back to my life. But you are already in the middle whether you wanna go back, you have to deal with drama. If you have to go forward, you have to deal with drama. So you better keep going forward. Yeah. Especially I mean like how much time do you have left? Right. I mean how many more years you think you're gonna be fighting. Yeah. And doesn't matter, I mean soon, 38 And I think I'm gonna be, I really wanna retire in my, as I say, I want to leave the sport before the sport leaves me.


Mm, Smart. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm thinking in my average like 41, So three more years. Yeah. Yeah. 41. By That, do you have a thought of how many more boxing fights versus how many more MMA fights you wanna do? Not exactly I think I would take it how, how it comes, I would take it how it comes. And so the next fight will be MMA definitely. Or, And maybe maybe Boxing Box in a, maybe in my forties I still feel like I have it, you know? Right. if I feel like at 41, I feel like I have it.


Well, you keep going. Waste. Well fight. I keep Yeah. Yeah. Keep going. Waste. Well that Exactly. Keep regenerating. Yeah. And then take one at, at, at a time, you know? But what I, what I really don't want to do is to like wake up and go to the gym like I'm forced, you know? Right, right, right. if I feel like I have it, or I'm excited, oh, today's a sparring day, I'm going to get there. Whether I gonna beat somebody up or they're gonna beat me up. Either way, I'm excited. Right. you know, if I still have that, I keep going. Right, Right, right. But as, as soon as I don't have that, even if I'm not 40 yet, I think it's a sign's a call out. Yeah. Well that's intelligent.


That's smart. That's the way you phrased it. I like the way you phrased it. Yeah. Leave the sport before the sport leaves you. Yeah. That's I Mean. Because we've all seen guys who hung around too long. I Was still, I would still always do the sport. I would never really leave the sport, but the competition at that level, you know, you need to be ready. You need to be into it. You need to wanna be there. You don't Yes. Just want to do it because, okay. I have to. No, you don't go play with punches because you have to. No. Right, right, Right, right, right. You Better want, you won't be enthusiastic. Yeah. Yeah. So do you know for sure that you'll be fighting MMA next or is it possible that a big boxing match could present itself and you would do that next?


I would say MMA next. Definitely. Yeah. I would say MMA next because I supposed to fight. It's been over a year, little over a year now, since the PFA agreement and then supposed to have a fight in a year. So now we are getting little out of the timeline for sure. And by the time we were figure out who should be my opening And I think things are very clear now, re and Federer met his very clear, that is a challenger, that she made the fight.


He's the opening that can make that fight happen. And let's assume you get past that. Will you then decide whether or not you're gonna fight MMA next or boxing next or, because No. One of the things about the PFL is there's not a lot of challenge. There's not a lot of very compelling challenges for you there, unfortunately. At least now, yes. They could sign some more top fight heavyweights. I mean, who knows what happens with many people who, who knows what happens with John Jones. I mean don don't know what happens with any of these guys. I mean, they, he, he could wind up going to the PFL who fucking knows he could. If they come up with some big money, you know, you could get a lot of people that, that will be willing to go over there. Yeah. Yeah.


I mean, like after, I think after this fight, I'll see what's happened. I don't really have a clear mind on what will happen, but I will say most likely boxing. Most likely boxing after that. Yeah. Most likely boxing. Do you have an opponent in mind? No. No. Absolutely Not. We will see the landscape and what I can get, who I can get. Because my, my expectation as you were asking me earlier, like how many fight do I think I can do in MMA or boxing? I think if I get to, if I get to like a good four fight plan in boxing, I think that could be good.


you know, you get like a good fall fight and then you build like, no who and who, who and who could should be next. That Could be my, my potential retirement plan. Well, it sounds like you already made a good amount of money. Like it's, Yeah, I have made a good amount of money. But you also have to remember that I started the sport for passion. you know, you don't start the sport for the money because at first there is no money. Right. At first, it's just punch a flying over your head all over and you have to touch and then fight and not get paid.


Fight for free for quite some time, you know? So I love the sport. I still love the sport. I love the sport of, I love combat sport. I love fighting And. I think I'll do it on until I feel like I cannot do it anymore. Is boxing more unique to you? Because it's a new challenge. Boxing is different to me because it's even my, my boat, my, my, even the muscles memory are not the same. The functionality of my body is not the same. you know, unlike MMA that I know every single mo action in MMA, every single moment.


I've been there tens of time. I know I get this, but boxing, you're still like, okay, you know, you might get even in some position and get stressed because you never been there. You don't know think, you know, you have to figure out. Right. You know, instead of it being instinction. Yeah. Then You, until you, you get there 2, 3, 2, 3 times, then I'm like, ah, it's okay. I can deal with it. you know, MMAI go, I go in MMA fight with the knee injury. I'm still like, I get this, but boxing. Little different. Mm. You, you basically know that questioning yourself about if you can handle this Right.


It's not like I get This. Right. Right, right. Yeah, It is different. There's a lot of thinking. Yeah. 'cause it's a new thing for you. Yeah. When you train for boxing, I know you have Dewey Cooper, you have Eric Ick. Like, did you bring other people in to help train you in boxing? Yeah, I brought John Bomber from France. He assist de Dewey sometime because he's, he's very, like, he has a very good amateur, amateur style, which I think is something that I still need to build in my game. And yeah. Other than that, I have a trip, which is my strength unconditioning coach. So I put those element down.


Did You get a chance to spar any top heavyweights in, in America? Mm. Top heavyweight? Like who? I would say Carlos Ham. Guido is at top Top right now. He's my, he's my other sparring partner. But in America, not other top. I get Jeremiah Milton as well, but no, the big name in America, Which is even more impressive. Your performance against Tyson Fury, when you consider, like, you really didn't even spar.


Elite heavyweights. Listen, I think sometime we, we don't give credit to some people because they don't just have a name, because they're not, they haven't heavy, get heavy stage to play on. Right. you know, and we, we think like, oh, he's nobody. Oh, he's not an elite. Let me take you some example. Before Andy Ruiz fought Anoni Joshua, would you think about him as a elite fighter? No. A lot of people had no idea. Exactly. But he was still there and he was just good at as his right now. Well, He's a unusual, but because he didn't have the scene to be seen, to be exposed, so nobody care about him.


And he should say, oh, I spar with injuries. I'm like, yes, but you haven't spar with you see? Yes. And there's a lot of people like that out there. Right. A lot of people that haven't got their shot yet, but they Have little talent. Yeah. They haven't get the shot, but they're there. Right. They're prison. They're elite. Well, when you first made your way, and you know, when you told that story on the podcast of your journey leaving Cameroon and making your way and getting turned back. So many times when you first arrived and you finally got to France, you wanted to be a boxer. No, even before I left, I wanted to be a boxer. Even day before I left, I wanted to be a boxer.


That wasn't even a question. I always knew what I wanted. So when it finally went full circle and you became a boxer again, did it feel like, oh, this is how it was supposed to be. I was living my dream. There is no way that, I don't think there's a way that things supposed to be. You get what you get and then you, you, you, you, you be grateful and then you make the best out of it. Yeah. you know, so I was living the dream, you know, I ended up having the fight, having to fight two best, two best boxer in the world after having a great MMA career.


Not bad from a guy coming from where I came from. Oh, It's amazing. And basically from having the path that I had, you know, and who knows, some good thing might still happen. Oh, some good things. I'm sure will still happen. But that your path is incredible. And I encourage anybody that thank you, that hasn't heard it, to go back and listen to the first podcast you, And, I did together where you explained it. I was stunned. I remember for the rest of the day, all I could think about was your story and how insane it is that what you had to go through to finally make it to Europe. Incredible story. You know, just as I was talking, I was saying earlier, because some people hasn't been exposed, they haven't get a big, big stage.


Like they don't care about them. There are a lot of people out there with the better story than mine with the better the s than mine. That even me, I'm impressed. I'm like, bro, how do you do that? I don't think I could've done that. you know, but, and there are a lot. Not like one or like two, three, a lot of people, you know? Yeah. but I think I happen to be the one that have the scene and have been exposed. My story has been exposed to the world. It's, you Went through that struggle. And then you, I have The, Joe, Rogan, Experience to, to tell my own story, which they don't have. Well, I'd happy, I'd be happy to have them on too. If they had a story like yours and the success that you've had from that.


It's very inspiring. And it, it speaks to the human spirit because that's, that's what people love to hear about, about someone who did not give up and struggled so hard. What, how many times did you get sent back? Seven, eight times. Six times. Six times in the, in the, in, in the ocean. Six time. Yeah. And then I made, I married the seven time. Crazy. Crazy. Seven. Seven is a magic number. It is a magic number. Right. It's a lucky number. I made the seven. Yeah. The seven times. It's an incredibly inspirational story. And And, I love the fact that you are dedicated to doing this thing in Africa now.


And to give more people an opportunity and to give them a path towards a, a career. You know, know, regardless of what you might think of, of, of my life. I think I'm a very blessed guy. I think I'm a very lucky guy. First of all to like, I think even if when I explain, you might not really understand where I came from, and to imagine that I'm here today calling a shot, bro. It's crazy. It is just insane. Yeah. you know? So I think I'm a very lucky guy.


God have really blessed me. And then I also think those blessing comes with a lot of opportunity that I can bring back, you know, because wh when I was there for so many time, I can't tell you how many time that my hope was to some body to come do something to some good Samaritan, to take some action that I would take advantage on. you know, then he happened that I have been blessed to be, to be the guy that can do that. And even without taking, even without that, taking anything out of me, you know, So like, I'm like, he will be a sin not to do, not to do something.


you know, like for example, for the PFA African, my, my dream about that, what get me excited about that, it's just seeing myself not have to leave Africa as I did, and then have to compete in the good platform like that. Have to make a living, have to fight in the world class fighter in that level and just stay home. Right? And not have to risk all this life. Go through all the stuff to the ocean, to the ocean, the barbwire, the prison stuff that I've been desert to do that, you know, I just have to stay home and do that. Right? So now it's a new is a platform that's gonna give opportunity to many people that maybe have a plan to go through that same path and that might not have made it, you know, they're just doing it at home.


That's beautiful. How could you not do think of doing something like that when you have a opportunity? And it's not like, oh is a war that they carry and put on your head and a burden that you have to carry is a opportunity that you can just help participate and make it happen. So tell me, how does this play out? Do you establish gyms in Africa? Are you gonna put a gym in Cameroon? Are you gonna, how are you gonna do this? I have two gyms in Cameroon already. Oh, you do? Yeah. Went through my foundation. I have one gym, one gyms for six years now. Oh, wow. Yeah. And then the second gyms been around for almost two years. And we built that one with a partner.


I mean a partner help us to build that. They, they like our project with the foundation and then they join us, premier bed. They join us to that to build the found that gym for us a very big, big as gym. So we have that tool. And we were in the project to build the third one. But with the PFL, one thing that I require, I requested, and then it was granted was that everywhere that we are going to do, we're gonna try to build gyms around because yes, it's good to bring PFA to bring competition around. But remember so many, many of those people, they have nothing.


Many of those kids that wanna fight, they might be training in the beach, on the beach, they might be training, they don't really have a gym to train at, but yet you are expecting them to compete at the highest level. So it's at least good to have a system that will help them. you know, it's like a having a garden, right? Yeah. Having a garden to create right. Talent Yes. That you need for your organization, you know, so helping them to help you, because at the end of the day, you need talent. At the end of the day, talent needs organization.


So the thing is that with PFA Africa, we gonna build gyms that fighter who use and develop, and then we can also implement help, like get coaches experience, experienced coaches that can go and teach and also teach another coach how to properly train at that coach at that level, stuff like that. So that's, that's the goal, you know, it's, it's about like building something. It's not like here that you come and everything is established and you have your promotion and go No, it's like building something, working from the grassroots.


Yeah. That's beautiful. Yeah. So a Africa is obviously a huge continent and there's so many countries in it full Of talent. What is the scene like in Africa right now in terms of like, what are the local promotions and how many of them are there and how many, like how many like young talented fighters do you see that are coming outta there that could eventually come over to the PFL or the UFC or Bellator or one ffc or any of the large organizations? Okay, so you asked me the question like, many American, what is the seen in Amer in Africa in the different countries? Africa is 52 s, right? And, I never been in five of them.


So I know South Africa has a large scene, you know, obviously Dreas duplexes from South Africa. There's a lot of good fighters from South Africa. Yeah. The organization that I think is EFC, something like that, Nigeria been doing good. They also have a, I think it's African knockout that Usman Camero is part of. Right? There are, and there are also some regional organization that might be smaller or not, like quite popular. Is there one large organization ever over there at all? No, not Yet. So most of them are fairly small. Yeah. Because again, you have to build everything from the scratch, right? So everything is, everybody is trying to do the best out of what you get.


Right? Right. But like if to have a good organization, you need to build gym. You need to give those fighter where to train. You need to help them about like having Get experience, get Experience, get training. Top coaches even get top coaches. Yeah. And then more people training, at least they have training partners, which is not, they don't have. Right. You have seen, I have seen a lot of, some African fighter that are really good, but they don't have, they'll have to go somewhere else because they don't have a training partners, you know. But with, with this program, they're gonna have, it's gonna be a whole ecosystem, a hair ecosystem in the fact that you're gonna have a gym that gonna train and then maybe provide a fighter for who gonna fight in the promotion.


And that might be, might have money. And then that money will attract people, you know, will attract other people to train because he can, he have seen other one making a living out of training. He have seen that it's possible. He have seen the opportunity right next to his door. Like Right, they're here. I don't have to travel. It's not in America anymore. It's not in Europe anymore. Right. It here. I just have to stay here and get dedicated. So it's possible. And that's interesting too, if the PFL has a I mean if they establish PFL Africa, the beautiful thing is that if they have top level fights over there and then they take those fights and they broadcast 'em all over the world, then there's so much opportunity.


Yes. I mean the, the, the fighter of PFA Africa will not only be seen in Africa, not to mention that the champions of the PFL Africa will just as PFA Mina and PFA Europe, they will all come together to fight for the main PFL time. you know, so That's exciting. Everybody is getting that big stage. It's, they're all working, they're all still under like the, the globe. The main PFL. Yes. You see. Which is something that is very interesting. And then we give more, more spotlight, more opportunity.


Also get attention of media. And then who says media says attention of sponsor, that will go maybe to Jim, to fighters. And that create, that will create a ecosystem around that media interest sponsor come around and then fighter get paid. And then maybe his aspiring partner get paid or don don't know. He has his assistant or somebody working to work for him, get paid. And the money is now in the loop. And everybody. Do you see yourself after you retire from fighting, going into a coaching and mentoring role for fighters?


do, do you see yourself being more of an executive position, like working with either the PFL or whoever? I don't see really, I never see myself as a coach. I don't have like a, a vocation for that. It's not something that I have, I look, I'm looking forward to, although I see myself like maybe stay in the sport somewhere. Like I, I also don't see myself as a manager At That's a hard job. And yeah, I no, cool. A lot Of bullshit. Yeah. Manage To deal with a lot of bullshit.


Like you, I just think that to be a good is a job that you think, like, to be good at it, you need to be screwing somebody. Right. Most likely. Not always, but most likely Might be on the table. So I don't see myself like that, but I see myself really like working on like, the growth of the sport basically in Africa. And again, that's why like the PFA Africa comes to me. Like the writing. Yeah. you know, the, the, the retirement plan thing that I could be focused on being, working on.


I know how Africa work perfectly. I know how PFA work perfectly. I know Pete Mary and Don Davis, they're very excited about it. But bro, they are white people from America and they don't know how Africa works. I'm from Africa. And I know the deep ground of Africa. Yeah. And I know the challenge there. I know the problem there as athlete And I think that's where I will impact. I think a role of executive will be like, it's some fancy thing that yes, I might have, but I think my good job is to I to, to work on the field because I know the problem, the roots on the field, the root Yes.


And the problem there. What could be done, what needs to be done, what fire, what they, what they need. you know? I think that's what I will be best at. Also for young Fighters, I don't think like being like, yeah, it's cool to be chairman of PFA Africa, but I'm not going to sit in the office. I'm like, oh, I'm a chairman. And then wear suit and tie every day to, to run stuff. you know? I think I can. No, It doesn't seem like you but I think, like for you, for a young fighter, there's no greater source of inspiration than a guy like yourself. I mean, if you look at your career, you've only been fighting for 10 years.


What? Look at all you've accomplished. UFC heavyweight champion fought two of the best boxers alive. You're an international superstar. You made millions of dollars. Like that is the height of inspiration That's on Mike Joe. When You say that, everybody knows. Yeah. But when you say that out loud, maybe you get some lawsuit. you know, money is like honey, you always attract bees. That's so true. That's so true. A lot of stingers out there. Hmm. So let's forget about the money, but just look at the accomplishment and just knowing that you came I mean, especially again, if someone hears your story of how hard it was for you to literally essentially walk from Cameroon to Morocco and then make it all the way over to Europe and then make a career and fight and then make it to the United States.


Get into the UFC and then in a matter of a few short years, become the UFC heavyweight champion for young fighters. That's like, like that guy did it. Like he did it. I he did. He came from where I came from. I can do it now. Once someone has done it, it makes it more accessible. At least mentally to a lot of people. Yeah, absolutely. And I think that's the fundamental idea about my foundation, my found, the reason why I did the foundation for me, he was just so, not only those kid can have access in the gym, which is something that me growing up, I was just dreaming about it.


The only gym that I have seen until I was 22 was the gym that I saw. Whether in my dream or in the tv, I never see a real gym, even though I always wanna do combat sport. But I, I thought like if you build like night gym, not only those kids have access, he make them have this feeling, this connection with reality. Like, oh, the thing that I always see in TV is here is possible. you know? And then the guy that maybe I have seen in tv, on TV or heard about is also here. Like, he's around. He came here. So it's possible, you know, because, So the, the idea of the foundation was just to motivate kid, allow them to be believe in themself, And, I, think it's still what we are working on to help them believe, trust, have a trust in themself, a self believing, have a self, a confident on in themself.


And this doesn't matter what they wanna do in life. You might wanna be a doctor, you might wanna be a lawyer, accountant, journalist, whatever you wanna do. But I do think that a guy that believe, somebody that believe, believe in himself, success for that guy is just a matter of time. And you can be a champion in whatever you do. You see, like doesn't, you don't have to be a fighter to become a champion. I'm glad you brought that up because it's another question I wanted to ask you is, do you have any other aspirations of doing things outside of fighting once you've retired? Because one of the things you were talking to Jamie about before the show started was producing, you were talking about production, like film and filming things and do you have other aspirations?


I have a lot of aspiration, but not like a job. I have a lot of passion. you know, I'm passionate about a lot of things to today. I use, I can, I have quite a resource to have some hobbies, you know, stuff that I, I'm excited about, I'm passionate about. I create a small production in, in Cameroon in my village, just to train kids so they can have to touch camera like this. All those stuff that we have here, I have it back home. They touch to learn on it. you know, I just want them to be able to operate a good camera. If someday they wanna do, or somebody wanna do a movie, they have somebody that can operate a nice camera just home.


Don't need to go to Europe or in America to bring people because local they can do. And they have been trained in on good cameras, you know? So I have started stuff like that a lot. What, what inspired you to do that in terms of cameras and production and stuff? I always love cameras. Yeah. I always love, I see And, I always impress and then I see stuff here and then I see the challenge, the difference that are, you know, like a, you will see somebody that make a film, a movie that might be be on Netflix with a very low quality of camera. Then I'm like, what if this guy has a, have a, has a access on a good camera, what can he do?


Right. you know? do Well, that's one of the things you do, like you were talking about with fighters. Yeah. That there's a lot of people out there that are very talented that just haven't had their shot their shot yet. Absolutely. There's a lot of people like that with filmmaking and with standup comedy and writing literature, Everything. Yeah. And, I. They just haven't had their opportunity. And I always say this, I think I might, we might have become UF the first African champion just because there wasn't so many people that have a chance. I mean, like, when you look at Camero, Ania, I, I'm sure if you go to Africa you can find some motherfucker who can beat us up.


But lucky us, she Didn't have that chance yet. So That's very humble of you. We we Took, we took the opportunity. Right. So, But you open the door though, and it makes it possible for others, which is, yeah. That's one of the more important things about accomplishment is that, But with time goes by makes it possible. The challenge will become tougher, I'm sure. Sure. And we will come around and we will be very, we might come very short. Well look at like Brazil, you know, I mean, look at Brazil. There's so many, many champions. So many elite fighters come out of Brazil now. It's because Hoist Gracie opened that door. Yeah. And then the UFC just became a place for that. And Then if you take even that Roy Gracie on his prime put him here, he's gonna get beat up by, maybe by some kickboxer.


Yeah. you know, but he's, he was the one that opened that door. He opened that door, you know, that gave that opportunity, that made the path through that. Yeah. It's just, it's so important that you recognize that, that like, your position is not just as an individual, but your position is as an inspiration to others and to give people this, this, they, they see it like, I can do it. He did it. It's possible. Yeah. I think in life we, we take every opportunity that we have, we get to the point again that we have a opportunity to affect other life.


How many people affect other life? How many people in their lifetime walk around and parents walk to their mom like, oh, my kid want to become be like you. Right. you know, I think, I think it's something really cool. It's really great. It's very cool. Like a parent that want the best for their kids. That yes kids want it to be like you. Yes. It's different because he's not very smart. He's not wise. And even kids want to be, do some dumb shit. So you might be a bad guy and kids still wanna be like a drug dealer, but a parent that really protective about their kids, like want the best for their kids.


And then they'll come like, oh, your son. Such an inspiration. My kid want to be like you. Yeah. So that's that basically like him approving that he, he kid should be like you. He hope for his kid to become like you. That's a big statement. Which is pretty cool. Yeah, it is pretty cool. It's really cool. It's really cool. And it's, there's such a unique time for people too, because internet is available pretty much all over the world now. So kids in all these countries, especially if they have phones, they have access to all of this information All, and it's messy. It's coming for from all over and you can, they can find everything.


Yeah. Everything Now how to help them to pick what's is good and what's not good. Right. That's the problem. Yeah. 'cause information is good, but A lot of it's bullshit. A lot of it is bullshit. You have to filter because some, some of them are just bad seed In the back. Yeah, that's true too. Yeah. And then there's all, have you seen what, what's happening in the Amazon? There's this very small uncontacted tribe and they got internet access and now a lot of 'em are just on their phones All day. And then the tribe leaders are like, well what the fuck?


Everyone's lazy. You guys are becoming like Americans now. You're just on your phone All day, they're looking at tits and looking at porn and like, you know, Of course. And this thing that they thought would be a beautiful thing. Oh, this would be so great. We're gonna get access to information. People are gonna get educated instead. you know, a lot of 'em are just looking at TikTok videos. Yeah. But They gotta have to figure out how to manage that. Educated people, for the most part are lazy. Really? You think so? Yeah. I think people for the most part are lazy. How do do, if you give 'em an opportunity to be lazy, I feel No. Well it's hard to be disciplined, especially if you don't have examples of other disciplined people around you.


You know, some people might have, might just have been educated, keep going to school because they choose school over work. That's true. And some people choose work over school. That's true as well. Yeah. And then you go to school and after being graduated or be or or have your PhD and then you're like, oh, he's educated, he's this. In fact, you were running away from, from a job. I'm sure that's educators. That's the problem with our, our universities. So those people wind up teaching. At the end of the day, yes, you are educated, but in reality you are lazy if you have a job.


If you have a job that is gonna wear suit and act like a boss every day, he can't do it. But if he has to like start something and work really hard, he can't stand it. Right? Yeah. He can't stand it. There's a lot of truth in that. But Someone will also be a worker because they had a vision they wanna do that. They're excited of a knowledge to implement into something. And then after that they just start a business. And this, you know, because starting a business never is never easy. Right. You have to be a worker when you have a bus, when you start a business, it is not like a nine to five job. you know, you don't have time.


Sometime you have to wake up at midnight or at 2:00 AM to pick up a call because this guy is don don't know. In China, in Europe and the time different. And you have to keep going. You have to be on his time. You have to be on meeting in the meeting at this time. So that's where you know if you are a worker or not. Right. But if you see that the office nine to seven Yeah. Wear your suit. I'm a manager of this. I'm that. I'm that. Yeah. you know, might be lazy And lazy people do a good job too, because lazy people find a strategy of avoiding work. That's true.


Which Is very intelligent. Yes. Yeah. They find ways. Yes, that's true. To get things done without really putting in the work. That is true. Yeah. There's so many books like that. The four hour work week, you know? Yeah. There's a lot of books on people just trying to avoid work. Yeah. But they still have to move to wash their dishes. Yeah. Clothes like dishwasher for example, I think is the idea of some lazy person that didn't wanna wash dishes. Are you agree with me? So a lazy person didn't wanna wash dishes, so they hired a dishwasher? No, they invented, Oh, they invented dishwasher. Oh, a machine. Yeah. Yeah.


They thought about it like, yeah, how can I get my dishes clean without having to wash it? Or also it's more efficient because you could put 'em in the dishwasher. No, It is efficient, but the, the idea come from laziness. Interesting. Interesting. I mean he might be, I'm not saying it's the thing, but he might coming From laziness Have a point. Have a point. You have a point. Don don't want you, I don't wanna wash my clothes anymore. How can I, but I still need to wear a clean clothes. Right. How can I do to get my clothes clean without washing them? Washing machine. Make a, that's true. Right? Because you only wear like one piece of clothes a day and you only eat, use one plate when you eat.


How hard is it to wash that one plate? Yeah. It takes 30 seconds. You get some soap, you get a sponge, rinse it off, put it in the dryer, you're done. Like I have a That's a good point, man. Yeah, I can, I never thought of it that way. I get in my house and it's something that I still don't understand. Sometime I'll leave plates around and then if I have my housekeeping coming, they'll always take plate, take them and put in the dishwasher and everything in the dishwasher. And I don't know what happened. If it's the dishwasher, something wrong with it, it never getting cleaned properly.


Well you kind of have to clean them before you put 'em in the dishwasher, which is crazy. So, because if you just cleaned them a little bit more, you wouldn't have to put'em in the dishwasher. You probably save time. Okay. Personally, I never use a dishwasher. I don't know how it works. Wash by And, Don don't know how it works. The easier thing for me is after using one or two plates, I wash it. I put it there. Yeah. It's, it's easier. Or even if I stack like three, four plate after I come take five minutes, clean it, put it there. Yeah. It's easier for me than run a machine. And this, which I don't even know how it works too much. And it's gonna, sometime it might be loud, I would just wanna watch my TV and that shit is running behind me.


True. That's true. Yeah. That's true. That's a good point. Yeah. That is a, a lazy person's invention. A smart lazy person. Yeah. Yeah. Lazy people are very creative. Very. I never thought about it that way, but I think you're right. Yeah. But then there's some things like vacuum cleaner. You need that. How the fuck are you gonna get anything out of a carpet without a vacuum cleaner? Yeah. You need that. Yeah. There's some inventions that clean that makes sense. but I think No, no. I I mean everything. Makes sense. Yeah. Even like a washing machine makes sense. Yeah. you know, after training you come, you put your clothes there, you train two twice a day, you put your clothes after two days, you press that button on the machine when you are, when you are leaving.


Yeah. Because start you out. Yeah. Come back. It's done. You put in a dryer again. Yeah. No, that's a a very good point though about inventions and, and also about how lazy people avoid work and about a lot of educated people are just avoiding work. Yeah. By continuing their education. I know personally, people that have done that, they get their PhD, they get grants, they get loans. Oh no, you go, you go in like a family house and then there are like maybe four kids. There's there, there's dishes. They have to clean the house and then someone have your homework.


And even if he does have a homework, he's reading a book. Right. He's in the middle of the book. So that means he's not cleaning anything because he's reading. Yeah. You guys are not reading. You have to clean. Yeah. So how easy is that? Well, people love to put off things they're supposed to do. you know, it's a, it's an interesting thing too about fighters because the difference between, there's like a lot of factors involved in being a fighter. There's the mentality, there's the ability to focus and to perform under pressure. It's very difficult to do. But there's also the ability to prepare properly. So like to have the discipline to do everything that you're supposed to do. And it's even more dis more difficult sometimes for talented people.


Yeah. I think, I think fighter fighting is more about discipline because not always talented people who make it. And you might have talent as much as you want. If you don't work, if you don't put some work in and then get disciplined, you will not get there. Right. You don't, like if, if you look like the champions of every weight class, every promotion, most likely they, they're not the most talented guys, but they're the hard, they're very hardwork. Yes. And they have like something very special that, that distinguish them.


Do you know the expression, hard work beats talent when talent doesn't work hard. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. That's true. Yeah, it Is. Absolutely. You. Because talent, one of the things that's unfortunate about talent is that when you're talented, you're better than everybody else in the gym. And so you can kind of get away without training is hard. Maybe have physical gifts. Maybe you just have an understanding of, of Fighting. And then you, and then you take it for granted. Yes. Because you didn't have to work to get it. Yes. You don't even have the feeling that you need to work to, to, to work more, to improve it because he was just there. Right. So you don't even understand that they work for it. Right. You just, you just happen to have it. Yep.


And then they say you have to work for it. Come on bro. For what? Right. I didn't do anything but I say Get it. And if you can get away with it for a while, you develop habits of not training a hundred percent. Not really putting a hundred percent into it, but still being successful. 'cause you're talented. Yeah. But then you run into someone who's talented and has discipline and that's when you get fucked Up. Okay. And that, that's, that's the problem. Right. When you get talent and discipline, you get a Michael Jordan And then you, you get Mike Tyson talent and discipline. You get Mike Tyson. Yeah. And then you get to, you also get like some people that are not talented, but they're just the best worker in the room.


Your talent will have a, at some point talent will have a limit. Yes. Yeah. Talent has a limit. Especially if someone is willing to really outwork you really outwork everyone. Yeah. He has to. Because like when you don't have talent, you basically start from nothing. Then you have one, then you have two, then you know that you have those two because you've been working. So you have to keep working. Right. Not only to maintain the, to keep the two, but to get the three and the fourth. Yes. And then you get into that process and then you get to work. Yes. But when you get talent, you wake up some day you have five out out of 10 without working. Yes. You don't understand that you need to work to get the six and seven.


Right. But the guy that only has like the two, he already understood that. He already knew that he need to, he he need to work to get those two. To get the three. Yes. So at some point he's gonna catch you at five. Yeah. And if you're not improving, he's gonna keep going up. He's gonna get to six and seven and he'll like, this motherfucker was below Me, he gonna at five or barely go at six, seven. Yeah. And then there's guys that are really good in the gym. And then when they get to the bright lights, they can't perform. Yeah. Which is the craziest thing. There's these superstars in the gym. And, I, remember from my kickboxing days, there was guys that were just so good in the gym and then they would get into that ring and they would just, you could see it.


They just diminished. Like they were 50% of themselves when they competed. Why do you think that? I don't know. Maybe. So there's something about anxiety, their inability to manage stress. Maybe. I don't know. I mean, I don't know what it is. I always feel like some people can overcome it and they don't. And some people do. Some people they start off as great gym guys and then they perform badly. But then eventually they figure it out. Yeah. They just keep, keep growing and learning. But there were also a lot of people that go to the gym to become a world champion at the gym. Mm. You know, I have seen a lot of, there's a lot of people that you get even in the gym, they're coming to try to figure out that guy.


He's good. So I might have to check him out. you know? Right. They have that mentality. Right. So in the gym, why you maybe as a professional fighter, you are there to train, have a good training to learn. Yes. Because you know that you only have one place that you wanna show up Is In the Fight. In the fight. Right. So the two other months you are in the gym. And sometime if you have somebody in front of you that you feel like he's not catching up with your level, you give him an advantage. I'm like, okay, let me start on the back. Lemme start. Right. Let start on this position. Right. You give him an advantage so he can challenge you more.


Yes. you know what you are doing. you know why you are doing that. That takes A healthy control of your ego. You take, you see a guy that is a good wrestler or a good jujitsu, but has very bad striking. you know that he's, he, you'll always start on a stand up. You'll always start up and then he, he might not be able to take you down. I'm like, okay, let's go, let's start on the ground. Step on me half guard. You know? Right, right. Full guard Stuff like that. Because you know that you wanna work that position. Right. You're taking advantage on him. But some people are there like to prove that, oh, I'm something They're competing instead of training.


They're competing. Yes. They're competing. Yeah. And they don't usually gain more on that. And those people will get in the fight and it's different. Yeah. It's different. It's a, it's different. That is a very interesting thing. Right. It's like some people understand it objectively. Like, I'm here to learn and grow. And, I need to work on my weaknesses to make them my strengths. And some people wanna avoid their weaknesses. So they only work on their strengths. So they look good in the gym. Yeah. Yeah. Because they care about how they look. Yeah. I used to see that a lot with Kickboxers that didn't wanna do juujitsu because they didn't like to get tapped. 'cause on the feet they were a killer. And then they go to the ground, they're like, they're like a beginner.


They don't like that they're only getting dominated on the ground. So they would just like skip juujitsu classes, skip wrestling training. They didn't wanna have anything to do with that. I think was also about like a generation that people around the gym wasn't act, wasn't understanding. Also like there's a gym there, there are people that if you are training with them and something happen and you tap, there would be like, oh, we are pussy. Right. You know, And, I think those kind of people, they don't help their teammate to improve, you know? No. Instead of like, oh no, you shouldn't do this or you should do this instead to avoid, to avoid that.


I'm like, oh no bro, you don't tap. Like Yeah, you don't tap. Then what? You go to sleep. Oh, You break your arm. Oh, You break your arm. Yeah. If you don't tap in the gym, you're training. You're a moron. Yeah. It's a stupid thing to not tap in the gym. And I've been stupid before. It's like a thing that people do where they, they think that they're, yeah. All you're doing is getting injured and it's, if you don't tap to an arm bar, you're gonna fuck your elbow up and then you might not be able to train. Right. For months. Yes. Yeah. You have what? Yeah. you know the Gracie's have a great perspective on that. They always say keep it playful. They always say that when you're in the gym, you're, you're just training and learning and you gotta keep it playful. Marcello Garcia says that all the time, who's one of the greatest juujitsu guys of all time.


He says, you have to open up your game in the gym. You can't be closed off and be too defensive. You have to open up your gym, your, your game and learn that what happens if you get stuck in bad positions. Yes. Yeah. Learn what you get caught. If you get caught, you tap. And even if you don't get top caught sometime, get your position in some, get yourself in a position to get caught. Yes. Let somebody cut you and trying to defend Yes. Understand. Like how to get out of there. Yes. You do that. That's why they call practice. Do you think you'll ever compete in Juujitsu? You ever think that's something that's interesting to you? Me? Yeah. No, I don't think so. I don't have any knees or ankles to give up.


That's a good point, man. I watched a video this past weekend of a guy getting his leg broken. if I was 25, yes. I'm gonna send you this, Jamie. 'cause this is horrific. if I, this Is, if I was 25, 20, 25, I would take those chances. Do all those stuff fun. Yeah. Why? I don't have anything to give up. Yeah, that's, I'm gonna show you something, Jamie. This, this video scared the fucking shit outta me. This video is this. This guy gets caught in this heel hook. Hold on a second. Where is it? My goodness. Yeah. I'm gonna send it to you, Jamie.


I've seen it. Yeah. I'm sending it to you, Jamie. This shit's horrible. This guy gets caught in an inside heel hook like 10 seconds into the match and he doesn't tap and his leg snaps in half. Yeah. Back step. Watch this. That's stupid. Check this out. Its this guy they scramble by Austin. Oh, oh, Oh goodness. Oh my Goodness. That sound Austin, play that again. So I can hear that sound. Austin. Holding out A very long time. That's in South Africa. Back step by Austin. That's South Africa. Oh. Oh.


Punch me in the face, bro. Yeah. That leg might not ever be the same again. No. Punch me in the face. No, not the leg. Yourself. Like do you imagine like, just thinking of the day that you're like, make this sound like, Oh god damn it stopped right here, right? Yeah. Like right there. Yes. Like the spiral. Yeah. Spiral fracture was shin horrible. Yeah. And the sound was like a baseball bat breaking. Yeah. Oh, I'll never forget the sound. When Chris Weidman kicked Uriah Hall and snapped his knee in and snapped his shin in half, the sound was so horrible. Yeah. That and he's never been the same again. you know, it's like that those breaks, like especially the shin break, you know, I wonder like if Conor McGregor is ever gonna come back again, it's like, it's very difficult to come back from that break.


That that was, that's one of the worst injuries. And I think like for that kind of injury. The most, the most difficult part is the mental part. Mm. You don't know if it's gonna be taken right. To try to get to like, you know, like obviously you have a rehab, right? Right. But you rehab the part that is injured. Right. But the rehab of your mind to be able to trust that again Right. Is a problem. you know, like, I don't know about that. Maybe we just skip, skip this part. Well, even when you are not injured, like your fight with steep A and then you fight Derrick Lewis in the back of your mind, you're still thinking about the steep a fight, right?


Yeah. Yeah. I'm still fighting steep a I'm still like, what? Damn, why did I did this? No, you, I should be patient. I should this, you know, I'm there fighting stupid. And then I get surprised when the fight was over and I'm like, I'm like, okay, this is it. We still have one more round. Right? Like, no, it's over. It's been three, three rounds. Wow. Because I was just being patient. Yeah. Well you came back from that though. Yeah. How did you come back from that? How did you get your mind straight I mean? I think I get to the point that I just let it go and I'm like, okay.


Because I'm like, if this the end, at least let's finish how we started at, at the beginning it was all fun. Right, right, right. Like having fun. I feel like at some point along the way, I lost that phone. don don't know when, but I lost that phone and it's about like, oh, winning. You have to win. You shouldn't lose this, blah, blah, blah, blah. So did you make a decision in your mind to go back to having fun again? Yeah, It was just like, have fun and then whatever happen happens don't, don't care. And if this is it, if you lose again, and then maybe have to be, I have to get caught or whatever, at least enjoy it.


So is this, and then I get in China, have to fight, get this blade 45 second, it was over. I'm like, ah, not bad. Having fun, Fun for you. Yes. I had the performance of the night. Then keep going. So, So did you ever work with a, a psychologist or a performance coach? Or did it all just you figure it out yourself? I try, but I think I have a, like a personal location. I don't believe in that. Really? Yeah. I don't know. I, I talk to myself a lot. I spend time with me, with myself. I mean I, most of the time I'm by myself.


I mean a lonely person. So I spent time with myself, And, I, talk to myself a lot. I figured out, analyze. And this was just me like growing up, you know, didn't even have like, didn't have friend, didn't have like a people to hang out with or wasn't a welcome among kids. So I created my own war in my mind that my own friends and everything in my mind, so just used to hang out with myself. So I get used to just like that. Well, that's so much better for a person in your position in life than to have an entourage.


So I know a lot of guys, when they get very successful, they have an entourage. So they're surrounded by yes. Men all the time. And that is one of the worst things that happens to a successful person. But for them, for, for some people it's cool, you know, like even now, I think no later than last week, I was in the restaurant, And. I walked there by myself, take a table, sit down. Do people look over there like, is that fucking Francis and Ghana? Yeah. Order my food, eat. Do people freak out? Like, where is, is that Francis and Ghana? Yeah. Some people Recognize you myself. I'm like, yeah, are you expecting somebody? And most of the time the answer is yes.


Basically like, leave me alone. Right. So you generally like being by yourself. Yeah. I like to, I do that a lot and people, I'm like, are you live here by yourself? Are you by yourself? I'm like, what's the problem? By being by yourself, it's, it's being independent. Yeah. I'm free. I don't need anybody to be, to decide on my happiness or me having fun or whatever, you know. Like sometime I would spend two days in my house without going out. Yeah. And I'm good with it. And, I can go out. I can do whatever I want, but I just want to be there. I Did that recently.


you know, my family was out of town. And. I was home by myself for three days. It was glorious. Yeah. I loved it. Yeah. Just, but I, that gives you time to think about things. I do that a lot. But recently I've been changing a little bit because like staying home a lot will make me think and will make me sad since I lost my kid. Yeah. My boy. Then he'll make me think and make me sad. And if I stay there, I will keep, I will keep having those thought, the sadness around. It's like the energy around me is just sad. I understand. you know? Yeah. So then what I do is like, when I start to feel something like that, I just have to force myself, like, get out, grab the car key, get the hell out of here.


Right? Like I'm running away from something. Then by the time you even find the car key, you find your shoes, you do this, your mind is already thinking of something. But if you just sit Instead of sorrow. Just sorrow. Yeah. If you just sit in your couch, then you keep going, keep going. Then it's sad, then you're pissed. Then you are like, hit life. Everything. Your son was 15 months old, 15 months old. What Happened, Bro, I think he has some malformation on his brain, which is something that we didn't know.


He, he fainted, he passed out twice. The first time was in Cameroon. We took him to the hospital. They didn't find anything. The second time was in Saudi. We took him to the hospital. They did, they ran a lot of exam. They didn't do anything. They did the EEG didn't do the scan. The scan or the MRI, because I think according to them, their conclusion was that he has a swollen lung, you know, and that was what was pressing his chest and stopping him from P and create that faint.


So after all those exam, they give him some medicine that he's gonna be okay. Nothing to worry about. Because at first they haven't thought about like asthma. They give like a ventilator. And then afterwards, after some result, they took it up out. And then, you know, he put me in confident even though like, I don't know, sometime, I think somewhere in my mind, I have to think that, yes, but he didn't show any tr stress, respiratory, if he was something from his lung.


But I'm like, bro, you those was professional doctor and this, and then I trust that. Yeah. So I basically like put my cut down And, I, remember being just getting in Dubai. And that day I was thinking like, oh, life is mean, wise. I'm not doing bad. Life is good. you know, I went to the gym like, maybe I should go to club tonight. And. I don't go to club. I don't go out like, man, come on. Which kind of guy are you? I went to the gym, well, to walk out, I'm in the bike cycling.


Then I tried to call, I wanted to talk to, to him when I was, you know, on the phone, on the bike. Then I call his mom, his mom didn't pick up the phone. And I'm like, ah. After I'm done, I gonna go take my shower, laying the bed and call him. And 30 minute after I was on the leg machine, my phone rang, it was my little brother Say, bro, things are not going away here. I'm like, what? He say, Kobe, pass out. He's not breath. He's, we are at the hospital. They kicked me out from the room and I'm like, what happened? And then as we are talking, he's also trying to get information.


So I lost him for like three, four minutes. Then after I call again, again, and then I'm talking to him while he's talking to the nurse. And the nurse was like, who are you? Are you his dad? He said, no. Then who are you? I'm his uncle. Where is dad? His dad is not here. Where He's gone. Just like that. He's gone. What do you mean he's gone? How come he's gone? This kid was 15 months. He was bigger than 15 months. He was growing.


He was the most joyful, happy kids around. Hey, What do you mean? He's gone? Gone where? Bro, that was it. Wow. I thought I was dreaming. I thought they're gonna say some. No, that's not true. Then I keep calling again and everybody's confirm. I call my mom. My mom is just on tear. Like, bro, What The fuck is this? And that was it. Wow. And, I never realized. I have been in the situation that I have seen people losing their kids mourning, maybe definitely older kids, but I'm like, man, this more must be hot.


Even though I can feel it at that moment. I mean I don't, you don't know. Like what could be your reaction? You don't know. I have been in the situation that I'm like, bro, I don't cry. I never cry. Oh, I mean not like I never cry. but I don't. I don't just, it don't just happen. I don't know why. No, maybe because you don't have a reason. When you feel like something really hurt inside you, like you can't breathe, it's hurting. That was it. And, And when did this happen?


April 27th. So this before the Joshua fight? No, after. After the Joshua fight. Yeah. April. April 27th. Almost two months after That Was it. And then all of the sudden you realize how a kid that wasn't there two years ago have became a major part of your life. Or if it's not your life, then you realize that all the things that you were worrying about didn't mean shit at all.


Nothing mean, like nothing. It was the only thing at time that really matter. Yeah, But it's not there anymore. But, You know, one thing is that, you know, my dad passed away. I was 15 and he was, he get sick, just stay at home for like months and couldn't even go to the hospital and get to the point that he couldn't even go to the bathroom on his own. Nothing. but I was 15. I was stuck at school. But You know, I always tell myself like, I was a kid, what could I have done?


And then after couple years I left school. And then I started think, I'm like, okay, I had an excuse, an excuse when my dad passed away. I think I'm becoming an adult. And, I, sir. Powerless. I still can't do anything. If something like that happened. What happened if my mom gets sick? Like, what happened? if I have my own kids, like some days and they need me, or I will provide for them, like, or protect them. And those was one of the thought that I always have, like pushing me, leaving like, no, I need to do something.


I need to take action. Then after years, you get to the point that you feel like you have, get have it figured out. Like, okay, I can afford a healthcare for my family. I can take care if somebody needs to go to the hospital or whatever it is. I gonna make it, I gonna do it. you know? Then all of the sudden, your own kids, which is the one that rely on you, only you, you couldn't even do anything for him. He did, like, by the time he get to the hospital, he was gone.


You couldn't fight for him. Like, bro, let me fight. Let me say I have tried. Let me say I did something. Let's make all this work. What's the point if after all this, I get to the point that I'm still this powerless in front of a real situation And that that was, that's hurt. God, that's hurt a lot. I'm sorry to hear that, man. I can't imagine. I can't imagine. And it's also the, the, the pain of knowing there's nothing you could have done. Yeah. It's just a medical thing that he was born with.


Yeah, he was born with. Because, because when it happens, everybody was confused. Nobody knows. So get home then what should we do? Let's do a autopsy. See, that one was tough because you think that they say, you know what? That they're going to tell him, cut him, cut his head. Like I mean a kid that yesterday you were going excited to talk to him. Now they're talking about like, cut him this way, this way. Like how calm down.


It's like, oh, but you know, it's at least good to know what happened. Maybe that might save somebody in the future because he's still a mis mystery there. So say let's do the autopsy. That's when they find all this out. Yeah. The last time I saw him was me leaving Cameroon going to the elevator. And he was at my, he was with my little brother, and he didn't want me to go because he became my body so much that he didn't, when I'm around, he don't want me to, to leave him alone.


He can, I can take him whenever, wherever I go. He, he might not don't eat, he doesn't care. As long as he's with me. Like, that was it. He was my, my mate like 15 months. He, he's barely walking. But you know, when I walked in, you know that I walked in. You don't have, they don't have to ask like, who, who worked in. They know that it's his dad. you know, he, he reaction or then you start to think about all those little thing, all those little things that you guys have just, you want him, then it's over.


Then it's over. When he was, the day that I was leaving, he was crying, like wanted me to go with him, but I kept going. I knew that, oh, I'm going to be back. I have no clue that that was it. Wow. I always say I should have go back one more time. Spend one more day. I know. Huck him one more time, Man. Yeah, That was it. And then he get back in the apartment and see all his toys.


The stuff that he was playing. The thing that you take, you take from him the other day and put here is right there, but he's not there anymore and will never be there Anymore. Yeah. Kobe, Kobe was his name. I named him after Kobe Bryan because I had a great memory of Kobe Bryant. The day that the USA was launching was announcing the partnership with Buddy Ammo was in New York.


I just arrived in the US at time. My English was so bad. I'm in New York. We have to meet to meet in this room, this event to make the announcement. And I'm there a little early. Then Kobe came little early to meet me in the waiting room. Just Kobe And I there for like 30 minutes. I don't, my English is very bad. I'm embarrassed. I don't want to speak. And then he keep talking, asking question, talk about my story, ask me where I came from and how do I get And I. Like, wow, this is impressive. I'm like, this is Kobe, right?


I don't wanna bother him, but he's questioning me, really excited about it. Get me to talk. Then I feel bad. I'm like, oh no, your English is really good. I understand what you're saying. And then how about this? That like for 30 minutes until then, they know why he was the next guy that walked in the room and he say, wow, do you know this guy's story? Do you know his story? He did this. He did that. And I say Yes, I know. Like, wow, this crazy, wow. It's crazy how we in America, we don't know what's going around the world. And Kobe was there talking like that. I'm like, this is Kobe Brown. you know? So that was like my moment with Kobe.


Wow. So when he passed out, when he died, I, you know, I was in LA when I heard about the news and he hit me really bad. And, I decide I gonna make Kobe. And Harvey, Kobe said, that's it. The, the day that he, he passed away just the day before. They were just making his, the a little basketball court that I have for him, his ground playground for him, you know, Because I was so awake for him to start to be strong on his feet.


So we can go work, we can do this, we can play soccer. I've been looking for soccer. Click, click for him. This, that, you know, you have all the project. I have thought of like, which school should he go? Like think, oh, what should I do? you know, you never know. Maybe something happened to me. I should set up something to keep him safe. you know, you think like that. But no, it never crossed your mind that he would be the one living first from the moment that he was born.


Not like when he was born, when he started to react and you really see like a living person. You really started playing out, like how to protect him, how to build the security around him. you know? He, he wasn't just a kid. He was a project. He became a huge project. Everything that you think of that's good that you want, oh, he's for Kobe. He's for him. All of the sudden then he's got, Wow. Yeah.


You've been through a lot in your life, Francis. Yeah. You've been through it a lot. Wow. A lot of people been through it. You didn't just know. Yeah. Then after that, you look, people that have been through that lost a kid. You respect them more. You give them some more respect. Like, my older brother lost two kids, And, I feel so bad. Not really being there for him because I didn't understand, I know that he lost kids, but I didn't know what exactly that means right now that I understand. I'm like, man, I should have been there more.


you know? I feel bad that I didn't connect to his to, to his suffering, to his pain. And you respect him more from being through that to overcome that twice. Then you think, like, you, you start think like, no. In fact, I think he's, I'm not the toughest one though. I'm being put in test and realize that I'm not as tough as I think. Yeah. Whew.


There's nothing anybody could say. That's the craziest thing. There's no comfort that anybody can give you. If they I mean, if they ask you what do you want or how, what can comfort you, you don't know. There's nothing, it's nothing. It's really, There's nothing can happen. It's really about like facing it daily, you know, take it one at a time. Do You have other children? Yeah, I have another, another girl. I have another girl. But when it happen like that, you feel like, I don't know, even though you are in your mind, you think like you still have a lot going on, a lot of thing to be grateful about, but in your heart you feel like you are broke, you have nothing.


Nothing is worth it. I mean I always love life and know that I have, know that I have everything of suicide. But at least for once, I'm like, at least whenever I die, I'm gonna go see my kid. I'm gonna see him. Wow. I'm not afraid of it. I still want to leave. But at least whenever you know, you get to you, you get to that point to think like that. So somewhere you're looking forward for whenever that happen.


Wow. Yeah. I am very sorry for your loss, man. I really am. I wish I could say something, but there's nothing to say. There's Nothing to say. Joe, thank you though. Thank you. And thank you. Thank you for being here, man. Thank you for everything. You're, you're an inspirational man. You really are. You, Thank you. Appreciate it. Appreciate you being here, and the best of luck to you in, in everything in life. We'll, see, that's why like, I really want to come back and do something, you know, like, because I really think like, maybe I should, I get to the point that I'm like, why do I fight for, you know, I don't even have to, I don't want, but bro, that boy, for 15, for only 15 months, I think he, he took me something, you know, like he was active full of life.


And, I. Think if there's one thing that he, he would've been doing, he would've been doing, he, he would've been doing something, not staying there, not been a reason of giving up or whatever. And, I think that's, that's the only way to honor him. His memory, keep him alive, get a purpose, make him a motivation. Yeah, I think so.


We'll see. We'll see how it plays out. But yeah, again, thank you Francis. Thank you for being here, man. I really, I really appreciate you. Thank you Joe. Alright, Bye everybody.