
This episode is brought to you by Paleo Valley. Paleo Valley meat sticks are the perfect protein snack made with 100% grass fed beef, pasture age, chicken, pork, and venison, and coming in nine delicious flavors. Paleo Valleys are also naturally fermented with zero preservatives and have a shelf life of one year, even longer if refrigerated. Plus, they're sourced from small, regenerative American family farms with over 35 million sold and a 60 day, 100% money back guarantee. Paleo Valley stands by their quality. Visit Paleo valley.com/rogan and use the promo code Rogan to get 20% off your first order.


This episode is brought to you by Experian. How many subscriptions do you have? It might take you longer than you think to figure it out. These days, it's far too easy to get a load of subscriptions that you might completely forget about. That's why I love services like Experian. It's like a personal assistant for your subscriptions. Experian could cancel over 200 plus subscriptions in categories like streaming services, meal kits, entertainment apps, and more. You can save an average of $270 per year. Plus they'll even let you know if your provider offers you a better deal to stick around. It's time to take control of your subscriptions. Download the Experian app. Results may vary. Not all subscriptions. Eligible savings, not guaranteed. $270 a year. Average estimated savings with one plus cancellation. Paid memberships with connected payment accounts required. See experian.com for details.


Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan. Experience Train by day. Joe Rogan podcast by night. All day. Yeah. What's Up? What up? Good. See you, man. What's happen? We're back. We're back. We're Back. We're just talking about eating pigeon. So I was in Europe and I had pigeon and it's, it's a red meat. Wait, pigeon's. A red meat. Yeah, It's red. And they serve it very rare. Yeah, That Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, Wait. I know. Wait. First of all Eden Pigeon is just, it's different. Right? But you're telling me that it's red meat. Yeah. And they serve it rare. Yeah, it's rare.


Well, this more details. I know that was a little stunned too, when the guy, well, the chef, basically, he brought us out food. Right. We didn't order off the menu. He just brought us out this food. And when the pigeon came, oh my God. Yeah. It looks red, man. Like, it looks almost like you're eating a piece of steak. It's like before you prep it, you know, like, this is not what I would expect it being like getting served this. Well, There's a bunch of different birds that have red meat, like ostrich, ostrich's red meat. I Didn't know that either. Yeah. I used to get ostrich burgers at fud Ruckers. I think FUD rucks went under, unfortunately. you Know what? I think I did have an ostrich burger at fud Ruckers like years ago.


Yeah. Now that I think about it, it's the shit. It's very good. Oh, Okay. Yeah. Wow. So wait, tell me more about this. What's it, what's the word again? How do you, how do you say Squab? Squa. That's what they call it. They call it squab. But this Guy just said, it was like the breast. It's like pigeon breast. Yeah. It's just pigeon breast. It's a like a red meat. It does look kind of juicy on like, when you see a pigeon, they're pretty, like, they're pretty jack. So I'd imagine it's a good cutlet. Well, this conversation start off air, because that's what it looks like. That's the rib eye of the sky. Oh, okay. That's Sandhill Crane. Now look at that. Doesn't that look like Beef? Yeah, it looks Like beef. They call 'em ribeyes in the sky. That's sandhill cranes. Wow. It's D Delicious. Apparently. That's crazy. I've never had it, but it's supposed to be insanely delicious.


Wow. Okay. Yeah, they had 'em in Texas. That's a, it's a big one in Texas. That's interesting. Yeah. So We were talking about animals that have been modified. Like we were looking at Carl, and we were like, how crazy is it that a human over thousands of years altered by select breeding. He created that thing. It's kind of nuts. Yeah. I mean, since we're on the topic, this is kind of weird. There was one night I was going down this crazy like YouTube spiral, and there was some guy who was just making creations. Like he used human. He was just cross fertilizing shit. Oh God. Yeah. It was the craziest thing ever. don don't know S right. don Don't know what the hell you call it.


But he was like making these creatures, and then they were like living in these jars. And then it would fast forward, like, you know, three weeks, four weeks, and they're growing. And one of them had this like, crazy little eye, and it was the weirdest shit I've ever seen. Which then led me down going in another spiral where it's like, apparently there's people around the world who will like, do like breed breed, like goat mixed with like fucking human. And like, it's just weird, man. There's a whole nother world World out There. I'm not surprised. There's a whole nother world Out there. Do you know the, the Russians were trying to do that in World War I or World War ii. Which World War was it? So the Russians were trying to make a hybrid human slash chimpanzee.


And the idea was you get a super violent psycho human, and you don't have to worry about Russians dying. You got this fucking creation. 'cause Russians were dying by the millions I. mean, world War I and World War II were fucking, it would've been World War I. World War I. Unbelievably brutal. So Hybridization of Annals is famous for controversial attempts to create a human ape hybrid by inseminating three female chimpanzees with human sperm. Yeah. It's wild. Yeah, bro, they were trying wild shit. We were trying to make something so that they could send it off to war. Do we have did, did, did they succeed? We don't knows. We don't know. See, that's the crazy thing. Where are these test things going? Where are the test subjects? you know, like, what the hell happened?


Well, listen, let's, we, I think we both agree. For sure. There's a clone out there in the world. Right? There has to be something. There has To be, right? Yeah. Yeah. They must have tried that. Yeah. They've done it with sheep They. do it with, you can get your dog cloned. You can get Carl cloned. Let's do it. Yeah. Yeah. Let's do it. Jj, no hesitation. Yeah, please. If you get Carl cloned, I want, I want version two. 'cause Carl's just amazing. Be expensive Clones. Yeah. Carl's Yeah. They're very expensive, right? Isn't it? Like, it's like 25 grand. I think that's how much I would sell 'em for. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, because Carl's be worth some money. but I think it's, it's a lot of money, but they can do it. But I mean the whole Dolly the sheep thing. Like when they, that was the first animal they cloned. I think there was a bunch of failed attempts.


So I, you know, what is the odds that it comes out? Exactly Like your dog. It might be all fucked up. Yeah. It might be psychotic. It might have no soul. You don't know. Yeah. Right. It may look like your dog, but who knows what the hell is going On. Like Right. Be real creepy. Like fucking chew on wires and fucking, It's like the, the, the very dark, like satanic version of your dog or something. you know, A pet cemetery. Yeah, exactly. Remember pets cemetery? Yeah. Dude. Yeah. You bury the pet like a pet comes back. But now the pet, it's still kind of your pet, but now it's evil. Oh, fuck that. No, just thinking about that. It, it freaks me out. But that, I think that don don't know how I went down that spiral, but, Oh, you can good out some YouTube rabbit holes, man. Yeah, dude, I've Gone down some serious YouTube rabbit holes.


Yeah. There was, I spent like four hours once researching this theory about Neanderthals that this guy, there's one dude that thought that Neanderthals, we have this idea of Neanderthals that they look just like us. Okay. And he thinks, no, he thinks they probably look more like gorillas. Like, and they probably were covered in hair and they were probably able to see at night. And they were probably super violent and they might have hunted us. So he had this whole theory about like, these super predator chimpanzee looking Neanderthals. That sounds Interesting. Yeah. Crazy dude. Yeah. Yeah. Crazy. But most likely not correct.


Most people. The, the, the real anthropologists that have studied this stuff, like, no, no, no, no. We know some of 'em had red, red hair, But Red hair could be like orang. Aans had red hair. Yep. you know, but they had giant eyeballs, you know, and they, they were just very different than us, but close enough that we're, we enter up bred with them. Yeah. I, I gotta see this I mean, like, this type of stuff's super interesting. Like, I, like, it's hard for me to get into like, fantasy books and stuff like that, but like, YouTube videos on like, oh yeah. you know, like this neanderthal like kind of theory or whatever. Definitely. Interesting. I spent so much time just going down rabbit holes. Brand tickler.


Yeah. I don't know if It's made me a better person. It just fucks up your thought process. Right. Just like driving down the street and then having a random thought about Yeah. It'll make for good conversation. you know? I always have like, things that I could pull up. Did, you know? Yeah. Because there's always stuff in there. It's nice to have the friends that kind of are in the same little, like, right, right, right. you know, they're open to kind of some of the weird shit. So you can just have fun conversation. Yeah. And I have friends that go too far. Like, I'll call Eddie Bravo up and I'll just go, I gotta go. You can't, he's like, dude, he's so deep. He's so deep in the ccia. A mk Ultra. Like the deepest of the deep. Yeah. He, he, he's in that shit All day long. And my friend Kurt Metzker, he's the worst if I call him up.


Like, he knows everything about every conspiracy that's ever happened, and he knows all the people that were involved. And he'll start rattling things off to you like, oh my God, you gave me anxiety. Yeah. Yeah. It probably freaks you out. I can only imagine. You're like, okay, stop. It's too Much. Yeah. Especially today, it's just like, seems like the world could fucking explode at Any minute. Oh, at any minute, dude. What the hell are we living in this? It's, yeah. That's why I guess it's better to just kind of, yeah. You gotta put a stop to like Yeah. What we consume, you know, like what information we want to like let into our brains. 'cause geez, It's, there's a, was it Avi Levivitch? Is that the guy that was on the podcast? Talked about?


He's a great phrase. He, he, you know, we have processed food is bad for you. Ultra processed food. This is processed information. Yeah. And that's this, the way he described it was like, oh, yeah. It's like junk food for your brain. It's like you're eating snacks, Man. Instead of like taking in a meal. Yeah. That's so crazy. It reminds me, I don't know why, kind of off subject, but on, you know, the comedian Ronnie Chang? Yes. So he had a really, really funny, like, part in, in his most recent, like, standup bit. And he was, he talks a lot about like, you know, social media and just like the internet and this country, everything. But he said one thing, he's like, something about like, Americans, he's like, it's very common, you know, Americans like, I'll die for my country, I'll die.


And he's like, how about you read a book for your country? Country? He's like, how about that? you know? And it, it was, it was funny coming from him in tone. Funny man. But I mean, like, he's funny. I mean, that's, I guess what brought that up is like, yeah. Process, process information. Right. We have a lot of fast, you know, info. Somebody can divvy up a video really quick and put it out there. Yep. And it's the first thing we see. So we believe it. you know, or like, something can go viral and we've seen it a bunch of times and then onto the next thing, and we're getting this information. But like, it's a lot different than like, okay, let's, let me pick up a book or like a couple things and actually read it and see if these things Right.


you know, align. And like, okay, now I can kind of formulate like, okay, this is closer to the truth. An actual understanding the history, how these things are figured out, how this is formulated, what led to that instead of just the article. Or worse yet, a YouTube or TikTok video. Yeah, Exactly. Yeah. How many people are educated by TikTok today? Everybody. That's a lot. Everybody. I, I really firmly believe that. It's like shifting the way people think about things in a negative direction. Yeah. I really, I used to poo poo it. I used to think, ah, the algorithm, whatever. But now I'm like, oh, it's definitely, it's definitely fucking up the country. 100%. And, I think China's doing it on purpose. I think it's brilliant. Yeah. I mean, I've heard that. I definitely don't have the like, capacity to figure out if it's like the truth or not.


but I did hear that. That's kind of crazy. Well, you know, their tech talks very different than ours. That's what I heard. Yeah. Like, it's like all like positive science and like positive stuff. And martial arts, very informational martial arts. Yep. Science achievements and Athletic Performance. Academics. Ratchet like the worst. Just the craziest stuff ever. I've seen more people get shot on Instagram reels. Those little and accounts I don't even follow. Yeah. Right. So it's like, Instagram knows that I'm watching fucked up things. So they're showing me like, you know, failed carjacking attempts, all kinds of, Ugh. People get run over by trucks, like every day. Man, I tried to create, I, I created a TikTok like shortly.


'cause my wife was using it and she like, they have like shopping or something on there. So I was like, oh, let me just download it really quick. So I downloaded it and like, after the first day it started feeding me these, like, these, these pages that were like homeless people and like Arizona and like California that were just like, hooked on like Fentanyl, And I was like, what the hell? And they get deep into their stories. Like some guys like interviewing them. Like, how long you been out here? And, I Re I'm sitting here watching this and like 20 minutes goes by and I'm like, why am I depressed? you know? Like, Why Do I feel like the weight of the world is on my shoulders right now? That's And I realized that's like, holy shit. Like I'm just, I'm literally here in my living room watching like drug addicts on the street, just like completely waste their lives away.


And Meanwhile, you are living the life that they could only dream of. If you take a young guy before his life goes sideways and say, what do you wanna do with what? It's like, if I could just wave a magic wand, I would like to be a badass fighting in the UFC all fucking Jack, young And strong And one of the top contenders up and coming. Yeah. And meanwhile you're depressed. Yeah. Looking at people that you don't even know. It's crazy, dude. It's crazy. I Think that's how they're doing it to Us. Ah, man. Because No matter where you are, there's something that you can watch that'll freak you out. That'll freak you out. Bring you down. Yeah. Just like, change your mindset, slow you down, whatever it Is. I was talking to Sugar Sean about that, and he was saying that just scrolling through TikTok or Instagram stuff that doesn't have anything to do with him.


He goes, I just get this like mild form of anxiety. Yeah. This like mild case of I'm like, I do too. Yeah, I do too. I don't know why I mean it is. I think part of it for me is I know I'm wasting time. Mm. I know I should be doing other things. I'm fucking busy. Yeah. Yeah. I don have time. People watching people get shot. But why am I watching it? I can't stop. I just keep fucking scrolling. Yeah. Especially if you're taking a shit. Oh, that's the worst, dude. I don't even know how to take a shit without my, I'm like fucking, I take, I take one hour shits now because of my fucking Phone. Because of my phone. It's like, I can't just get in there and do the business. Dude. I gotta intentionally leave my phone outside to just to do what I'm there to do. But if I bring my phone in there, it's a wrap.


It's a wrap. Because if I don't have my phone in there, I'm like, Ricky, Bobby and Tall dig nights, I don know what to do with my hands. I'm like, Where my phone? Oh shit. What, what percentage of people take a shit with their phone now? I Want to know. 99.9 guys Men. 100%. Yeah. A hundred percent. Yeah. It has to be a hundred percent. Yeah, it is. It's how I find out half the things that are going on in My life. you know, one thing that bugs the shit outta me though, if you're gonna take a shit in a public place, like for instance, like the Pi, right? If I'm at the UFC Pi and just got done workout, whatever, I gotta take shit. The guy next to me. Turn your fucking phone down. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, don't blast it. I don't want's ridiculous hear what you're listening to. I'm trying to watch my, I'm trying to watch my shit too, you know? Yeah.


Don't make me go in there with Bluetooth EarPods. Don't make me fucking listen to Oh, that's, that's when you know you're a degenerate when you put your ear pods in when you're taking shit. Oh yeah. Like, that's where you got a real problem. Yeah. You've, you've, you've, you've, you're gone, You've gone too far down the rabbit hole. Gone. You're gone. Have you fucked around with any of that ar stuff, those goggles? Augmented reality. Yeah. Only like the, the Medi quest. I haven't tried the Apple Vision Pros yet. The Medi, because I know as soon as I try the Vision Pro it's over, I'm gonna be wearing those things. Like, fucking, because when the Medi Quest came out, like when I first had it, like you couldn't get me off the thing. I was incredible. It's, oh shit. Like, look around playing these games, taking off like, oh my. Wow. Exhilarating. But yeah, I know if I, if I were to get the, the Apple Vision Pro, it'd be over because there's just so many cool things.


What did I see recently? There was something that they were using ai, this woman was talking to her deceased daughter. Her daughter, young daughter died. And AI had recreated her daughter. And with, with these goggles on these VR goggles, she was having a conversation with her daughter. I was like, yeah. I like vaguely remember seeing something like that. This is Brand new, but I think it's this. Oh yeah. This is it. This is so crazy. Oh, these stuff that's in different, this is so crazy. Yeah. I mean Seeing her deceased daughter and try to touch her. Oh my God. This is like what we were talking about, about the phone. Right? Like just putting ourselves through like this depression and stuff.


Like, dude, this is crazy. This is like this. She can't even touch her. So she's like reaching out, like she wants to touch her. Yeah. And She's crying. Look at the, oh My God. She's, Oh, the gloves she has, she probably can feel something. This is what we're Seeing. Yeah. How they're showing it to the viewer. Oh my God, that's so, Oh, look at that. Oh my God. I mean it Probably maybe a version of it that feels good to her, you know? But like, this Could be, oh God, This could be pretty bad. God, that's so sad. Oh my. Yeah, man. We're, we're still close to the Matrix. We're so close. We're in the Matrix. Dude, I think we might be, you know, Michael Ballas was saying it yesterday. He thinks it, he thinks it is a simulation. Elon said the chances of it not being a simulation are one in billions.


Yeah. He thinks it's 100% a simulation. I, there's too many things that, that there's too many coincidences. Right? Like, even I might sound like an idiot for saying something like, like, Think fuck. That's a normal thing, Bro. I mean, think about like, stuff like The Simpsons dude. Right? Like, you see those like Simpsons theories and shows, like, come on. Like this is too accurate. Yeah. They, they called everything. Like, this is years ago, you know, like, these episodes came out years ago. How is, how are things like this aligning, or like, how are these, you know, matching? It just, it's weird. It is really Weird. It's really weird. It's weird. And why is, why is us being in a simulation any stranger than reality itself?


Just the universe itself. Just the fact that we are one planet of nine in this one solar system that is one of hundreds of billions of solar systems in this galaxy. And that this galaxy is one of hundreds of billions of galaxies in the uni. The whole thing is so crazy. Yeah. The idea that we're in some sort of a program. Why is that more crazy? Like, everything about us is crazy. Subatomic particles are crazy. I mean, the way our body is designed is crazy. Yeah. The fact that you can make a Carl out of a wolf Yeah. Is fucking crazy. All of it's crazy. Yeah. I mean, even listening to you right now, as I was, as you were kind of breaking down how pretty much insignificant we are.


I just kind of like, everything started zeroing in. I was like, oh, no. Get out, Get out, get outta this thought. No, but you Absolutely right. I think we're significant and insignificant at the same time. Yeah. I, I don't think we're invaluable. I don't buy the thing like the, the, like the, the people that are like really dark about it all and like, oh, life is meaningless. It's like, no, I don't think that's true. No, I don't think that's meaningless at all. No. you know, like, like you said, there's an equal like, significance insignificance. Like when you look at the grand scheme of things, you zoom out, we're tiny, you can't even see us. you know, if you're from an airplane, you look down, you can't even see the humans. Right. Right. So that makes us feel a little bit small, but like don don't know.


Something about us inside how we feel, how we perceive things, the power that we have in numbers, right? Like the intelligence that we have to create things like AI and Yeah. Laser beams and all this stuff. Like, I mean that's pretty damn significant in my opinion. We're we're very significant. We just we're just a part of the whole thing. Yeah. The whole thing is just infinitely massive. And we think of ourselves as small because we're just one piece of it. But we're like, I think we're a critical piece of it. And, I. Think what we are is like the purveyors of creativity. And, I think creativity is like a thing that's in the universe that forces intelligent animals to make things And I. Think we are like an antenna of this creativity.


And then we put it out there, and then eventually we're going to leave this planet and we're gonna go to other planets and, and colonize and put that stuff out there in the world. And probably not even in the form that we, you And I are in right now. Yeah. It'll probably be some hybrid form. Some Hybrid form for sure. Some cyborg Form. There was an episode, I forgot this gentleman's name. Ah, man. Super, super intelligent guy. Older guy. And he was talking about the different forms of like, Civilizations, civilizations, Nio, kaku. Yes. Man, how interesting was that? Yes. Yes. you know, do, do you know about Dyson spheres? No. So they believe, excuse me, this is just a theory, but they believe that when a civilization reaches an incredible level of technological proficiency, they're going to be able to develop these enormous structures that capture all the energy of a star.


Okay. So literally surround the star with this structure, and they think they might have detected these structures in the universe. Now, now these structures are just theoretical. Okay. These Dyson spheres. But they believe through, there's a thing called the James Webb Telescope. Yep. It's like the most power, you know, about the, so this most powerful of space telescopes is now they're, they're getting information that they think might indicate that these things could be a Dyson sphere. See if you can find anything about that. Huh? So what is this? So right here in our galaxy, what is that? Just a tic-tac. See if there's an article 60 dysons for your candidates.


Look at that. Go up to the one that says candidates. Yeah. Wow. So this is from May. So they, they found these things amongst star. There's, there's these, I don't know how they detect why they think this is a Dyson sphere, but if it just makes sense that if civilization can go from being hunter-gatherers to being people that fly in airplanes and look at VR and enter into the matrix. Like, we're clearly doing that. If you just keep that going a thousand years, a million years, you're gonna get to some insane level of technological ability. You have To. Yeah.


Like you, you absolutely have to. Yeah. So maybe we are just like kind of in the beginning stages of like, you know, maybe there's humans elsewhere and there's Yeah. Galaxies far, far, far away. Like some Star Wars type shit. Right. And we just haven't gotten there yet. But we're close I mean we're, we're seeing how close we're getting with everything With That's what Terrance Terence Howard had a crazy theory about It. I have to watch that one. I've, I've seen little clips, but I've got a, they're Both good. Okay. The first one's great 'cause he just kind of goes kooky. And then the second one's great because Eric Weinstein, who's like a legitimate genius from Harvard, sort of settles him down and explains what's incorrect and what's what is correct. And some of the stuff is very correct. And some of the stuff is really fascinating. I mean, he's, Terrence is clearly a genius, but he's like self-taught.


Okay. And sometimes when you don't have peers correcting you and people, you Gotta have that. Yeah. You have to have actual ex It's like if a martial artist, like, I got this move, bro. Yeah. And you're like, try that shit on me. you know? Right. It's, it works in the streets, it works on everybody. It's like, no, try it on me. Like, But Terrance has this brilliant idea about that. What happens is you have a star, and then the particles that eject from the star are what creates these planets. And when the planets get to a certain distance from the star, when they develop that goldilock zone, he goes, they eventually develop people and he thinks it's like peeing. It's like when you see like crops growing, oh, it's the time of the year.


The rain and the soil. Yeah. Crops are growing and then, oh, they're far away from the sun. They're peeing. Wow. And they're making people, and that this is what happens. And that as this, as time passes in this society, if it's, if it survives, it doesn't kill itself. It gets further and further from the sun. It has to develop the technological ability to keep the planet hospitable. And then it goes even past that to the point where they develop these things like dyson's fears, and they develop the ability to manipulate their environment, create black holes. They developed the ability, essentially to create new universes. Yeah. Just ultimately over hundreds of millions of years or whatever it takes. So he explained this and then someone you said stepped in and kind of like No, that No, he did that he didn't.


Correct. Okay. 'cause that's just a theory and it's a fascinating theory. And you know, Terrence has a lot of like really interesting ideas. But that was one of the most interesting ones with that. Like every solar system, the reason why we see It here, and the reason why when they look at the, like the web telescope has found a bunch of these planets that are in the Goldilock zone. And he thinks that this is just a normal occurrence. Wow. That these planets, they, as time goes on, our planet is getting further from the sun and, and eventually the sun will burn out. But as time goes on, as our planet gets further and further from the sun, it's not gonna be hospitable anymore. It's gonna get to a point where it's like Mars and Mars at one point in time was hospitable Mars. They think Mars had water on it. Mars might've even had life on it.


Yeah. We don't know. But it could be billions and billions of years ago. Wow. Yeah. So this theory is pretty wild, that like, all this stuff is just basically particles that eject from the sun and that eventually coalesce and form a sphere and form a planet. And initially these planets are like very close to the sun and they're, you know, insanely hot. Yeah. But as they get further and further out, they reach that goldilock down and their, and that's when they start developing life. And then ultimately develop a very highly intelligent form of life. Wow. Yeah. Do we know where this theory like came from? I Think that's Terrance's theory. Oh, Terrance has 97 patents. What does that mean? I don't know.


Because apparently people that have explained it to me say you can actually just file patents and the people that are working in the office, they're not sophisticated to know enough to know, especially in various disciplines as to whether or not what you're saying is, is real or actionable. It's like, is this something that you could really have a patent for, but they'll let you file for the patent. Okay. So it's one of those things. Yeah. Wow. But the idea that every solar system eventually has a planet that gets to that spot where it's just enough so it gets water just enough. So it has like all of the things that's necessary for life. And then if you wanna get really crazy, then you think that the plant, the planets that are farther and further out, that have the super intelligent, ultra advanced species, what They do is they come back and they help us.


Ah. They come back and they fucking pick up the pace. Boys, You know, You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, they give us a little crash, UFO here and there. They give us a little this give us a little that maybe even manipulate us. That's the ultimate theory. The ultimate theory. I mean that sounds cool. Right? Well it's like Just Like Carl. Just like Carl. Yeah. It looks very different than a fucking wolf. Right. We look very different from all the people on the planet. Yeah. Like there's so many varieties of humans. Yes. We're very similar to dogs in that regard, in that we can all breed with each other, but yet we look very different. Ah, okay. So you could take like a, a golden retriever and they breed 'em with a poodle or a Labrador. You make a Labradoodle.


Yeah. you know, but they're still dogs. Yeah, right. But they look very, very different. Very different. Well, that's only dogs that are like that. Right? Like fish bass, all look like bass. Yeah. Zebras look like zebras. There's something about us that's fucking real weird. And you get attributed to climate and different environments to grow. And some of those changes have to have taken place from that too. For sure. But if you buy into all this aki crazy shit. Yeah. The reason why we are so different than all the other primates is because they introduced their DNA to us. Yes. To like the, and created us Oh wow. And created us out of lower hominids. Right. Yeah. Yeah.


Yeah. Which is so fun. It's super cool. Yeah. I mean, like, I, it's so Fun to think is if it's true. I've Looked at some of that stuff a little bit before, but I didn't allow myself to get too deep. Yeah. You can get deep On that. But yeah, definitely an interesting like, perspective and like way to like kind of break down humanity in a way. Well, we are a mystery, you know, we are the ones who've created this theory of evolution and the fossil record and all those things. But the thing that created it is the biggest mystery. The human brain. The human brain doubled in size over a period of 2 million years. And apparently it's the biggest mystery in the entire fossil record. They have no idea what happened. do Do, is it still growing or probably Is probably just growing slow, you know, another, another 2 million years from now might double again.


Yeah. I wonder if there's any record of like, don don't know. Maybe just the slightest, you know, record of like, okay, it's growing. It's right. You know, wonder for 500 years ago right now, has there been any Right, right. Increase in, Yeah. Have you got like the average brain size of everybody today? Like how far back do we have really good records of brain size, you know? Yeah. Gotta Go back to like Kennedy's assassination. Probably nothing. Nothing earlier than that. Nothing Than that. I mean, I'm sure there's an anatomy records that go further than that. I mean they're probably, you know, maybe the thirties or the forties. Like when did they start studying the size and weights of human brains.


This episode is brought to you by Paleo Valley. Paleo Valley meat sticks are the perfect protein snack made with 100% grass fed beef, pasture age, chicken, pork, and venison. And coming in nine delicious flavors. Paleo valleys are also naturally fermented with zero preservatives and have a shelf life of one year, even longer if refrigerated. Plus they're sourced from small, regenerative American family farms with over 35 million sold and a 60 day, 100% money back guarantee. Paleo Valley stands by their quality. Visit Paleo valley.com/rogan and use the promo code Rogan to get 20% off your first order.


This episode is brought to you by Experian. How many subscriptions do you have? It might take you longer than you think to figure it out these days. It's far too easy to get a load of subscriptions that you might completely forget about. That's why I love services like Experian. It's like a personal assistant for your subscriptions. Experian could cancel over 200 plus subscriptions in categories like streaming services, meal kits, entertainment apps, and more. You can save an average of $270 per year. Plus they'll even let you know if your provider offers you a better deal to stick around. It's time to take control of your subscriptions. Download the Experian app. Results may vary. Not all subscriptions. Eligible savings, not guaranteed. $270 a year average estimated savings with one plus cancellation. Paid memberships with connected payment accounts required. See experian.com for details.


I wonder. I wouldn't know, but it makes, actually, I'm, I'm making notes right now. Like Terrence Howard, like I, I gotta look into this guy more. All I know is just like, oh, Terrence is fascinating. you know, his acting, he, He, well he's a great actor. Yeah. Super great. He's a great actor. But I mean, I think he's even more interesting as a thinker. But he, the way he responded, I think showed a lot of character the way he responded to Eric Weinstein correcting him on stuff. 'cause he didn't, you know, he kind of tried to argue his point, but he didn't get upset. He didn't get emotional about it. He didn't get attached to his ideas. It was, it was it. Which it showed he's a brilliant guy that doesn't have all of the information, but he's brilliant.


But there's a giant difference between being a brilliant person and being a person that has information. There's a lot of brilliant people that don't have any information. Yeah. you know, which is why, like, there's, there's people like, I I, I firmly believe that to be great ath athletics, it takes a kind of intelligence. And you're not measuring it in an iq, but to pretend that someone is like a Wayne Gretzky. He's not some kind of a genius, you know, or a Federer or, or an elite MMA fighter. Yeah. You have to be a kind of a genius. Yeah. Because you're navigating this most difficult of world where micro second decisions get made, training instinct, discipline, the will to carve out this existence and all those things.


It ha you have to have a fucking truly, truly exceptional mind to be able to do those things. I, I agree. 100%. Yeah. From, yeah. Any, anybody that's doing things that just like a, a really high level or like they're doing things differently or they're like the number one, two, and three in their, in anything in the, in anything. Yeah. There's definitely a level of, And if you're focusing at physics, well, everybody thinks you're a genius, but if you're focusing on hockey, people don't think you're a genius. Or if you're focusing on chess, maybe people think you're a genius, but if you're focusing on juujitsu, maybe they don't think you're a genius. Yeah. And it's kind of interesting. Yeah. but I think they're all geniuses. Yeah, for sure. I think, I think every one of those people, if they had the physical capability, 'cause o obviously some people unfortunately have terrible genetics and they're just never gonna be an elite athlete.


But if you have the physical ability, that's only like a little tiny piece of it. Yeah. The real piece is the mental part of navigating not just the training, but the improving and, and then the ability to execute under Pressure. To execute under pressure. Yes. You gotta you gotta have the the mental side to even drive the physical side. Right. Right. You can be a physical specimen. I how I'm built. Right. Like, but I know nothing about football. So it's not like I can just, I have to, I'd have to, you know, I'd have to develop some type of brilliance or some type of You'd Have to train. I'd have to train. Yeah. I'd have to think. Right. I'd have to do all these things to, but you Look like you could play football. That's What I'm saying. Yeah. I look like I can play football, but my mind's not wired that way.


Right. So I'd have to do a lot to, to make that happen. And then obviously there's a lot of football players that look like a beast, but if you get 'em in a cage, they have no idea what to do. Nothing. Dude. They wouldn't be able to throw a punch. Yeah. We've seen it. It's so crazy. We've seen it. We've seen, seen guys that like, you know, they're, they're bad asses, but there's a difference between being a badass versus a trained fighter. Yeah. It's just a whole different world. Yeah. And it, it requires not just physical work. It, it requires a kind of brilliance. And just because Terrance doesn't have that information, he's a brilliant guy. If he had that information, he'd be even more brilliant. He'd be more relatable to all these other brilliant people. Mm. That's like, that's really interesting man.


I, I'm, I, I wanna look into to Terrence Howard more actually. Like, this is, it's fun. Yeah. I, I like this. I like to, I want to explore like the side that you're explaining to me. I would've never really known, but I'd like to be inspired by that. I'd like to, you know, just hear this guy out and Well, I had a reporter tell me about him years ago, and then I watched some YouTube videos of him and one of 'em, he was at Oxford talking to them about mathematics. See, like, that's so cool. What the hell? Yeah. What the hell? Crazy. The whole thing was crazy. But it's just, there's, you know, we should be inspired. There's a lot of interesting people out there in this world. Yeah. And a lot of people that have some really great ways of looking at things and, and inspiring stories.


you know, when you think about like, what they've done and how they've done it, it, it really fuels us all. I mean, they're one of the reasons why we like sports when we're not even participating in it is 'cause it's so inspirational. Yeah. you know, if you watch a great fight and someone wins, you're like, oh my God, that was incredible. You leave, you're like energized. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Or magic shows. Comedy shows I mean honestly, dude, Honestly, pretty much anything. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Anything that Yeah. Requires that stuff. Yeah. You get, you get energy from it. You really do. There's, there's a type of energy that we humans get from each other. And, I think that kind of energy that we get from each other doing things that also, it's beneficial to us. Like evolutionarily.


'cause I think it promotes more work. It promotes things getting done. It actually fuels things getting done. So, like similar to like the o Are you watching the Olympics right now at all? Bro. I watched that fucking transgender woman boxer box of female box. I'm like, what the fuck? I didn't see that. Fuck. Are you people doing what? Oh Honestly, I haven't, I haven't seen much. Every bar or whatever and anything that has a television right now, I've been traveling. So I see like Olympics is on everywhere. Right. But one thing that I, that I've noticed, it's like, it's so weird. It seems like the Hunger Games, You know, like I was see all these like crazy outfits and just like, oh, you know, This is like extravagant thing. I'm like, this is the Olympics now. Like why is this, it's so different now than it, than what I remember it being.


Well the Olympics is a giant scam. There's two things going on simultaneously. Okay. You have the best athletes in the world participating in their disciplines. That's, that's happening. And then on top of that, you have enormous amounts of money being made and none of it's going to the athletes. It is a giant scam. So the kind of people that are putting together that ridiculous opening ceremony. We got a bunch of drag queens and the last supper and all that shit. Yeah. Well, I didn't understand that. Nobody understands it. Yeah. 'cause it's not made by athletes. It's not made by the Olympics. It's made by the people that are in charge of putting the Olympics out. So they're the ones who are reaping all the money and sucking all the cash outta these athletes.


Got it. Not only do They do that, but then they'll go to places like Brazil. And so if it's gonna be in Brazil, they build this fucking enormous place for it to, to participate in to all the different arenas where different people do their thing and then after that nothing. Yeah. So, and then all the people there who are poor are like, Hey, where the fuck did this money come from? And why didn't you just spend it on this, the community? Why did you do this? Yeah. Why'd you do this for volleyball? Like, is volleyball that fucking important that you didn't like? Use that money to like help people? Yeah. That's Bizarre. That sucks. The money they make is astronomical. The Olympics makes billions and billions of money in television revenue and advertising revenue.


And they don't give any of it to the athletes. So it just goes to like the Olympic committee. They're Just bawling. Wow. Yeah. And these are the crazy people that are putting on the last supper with transsexuals. That's, that's what they're doing. Was it the last supper? Yeah. I saw it was something out like fuck it was, it said something like the, some Greek Nonsense that was a, they tried to say that after the fact. The lady who was playing Jesus literally said she was Olympic Jesus. She was joking around about being Olympic. Jesus. 'cause she was in the same position Jesus was in in the last Supper. Yeah. She had the halo behind her head. It was They're being artsy. Yeah. They're being fun, you know, but it's not, it's not the place for it. It's, Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's, It's you're pushing this weird agenda in this place where people are already getting fucked over.


Right. The whole Olympics is just people getting fucked over. Yeah. I mean if you're the best athletes in the world representing your country Yeah. At the highest level. The highest level that possibly humanly possible for one. Yeah. You should be getting compensated a Shitload of money. You know what I mean? A shit Load of Money should be, should be getting compensated money. Yeah. And yeah, I think that there should be something that's more focused on the extravagance of like this moment of like Yes. The the, the athletes Yes. Waiting so long to be able to do this and Yeah. It should be more athlete focused for sure. Yeah. They just, and not so much like a show or Let some wack enter some gay dude. Get ahold of the fucking, the reigns.


And he decided to do this and that's what it was. It's literally what it is. That's literally what it is. And he just decided to have Joe Rogan a guy and a beard. But this is true. I mean this is the actual person that put it together. That's that is who he is. Oh really? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don. I didn't Even know that. Oh, I don. They know who the guy is. I mean, we don't need to name him, but Okay. He's just getting enough hate as it is. But the whole thing's fucking completely insane. But my point is, the whole Olympics are insane. They're robbing people. They're robbing the athletes. No one is tuning in. There's not billions of people all over the world tuning in just to see a bunch of transsexuals pretend to be Jesus and the and the disciples. That's not why they're tuning in.


They're tuning in to see who's gonna win the a hundred meter dash. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Who's gonna win this? Who's gonna win that? Who's gonna win the sprints? Who's gonna win? Whatever the fucking event is. Who's gonna win boxing? That's what people are tuning in. And those people that are, have dedicated their entire lives to wrestle in the Olympic games. They're not getting a fucking scratch of that. That's So crazy. It's nuts. Oh man. So It's nuts. And there's nothing, there's nothing to do about, like, nobody can do anything about that. It's Just pure k. Well, at one point in time there was probably no money in the Olympics. 'cause there was no television. Right. Okay. Yeah. So at one point in time the Olympics was just about the best athletes in the world competing against the other athletes, best athletes in the world.


It was for national pride. you know, you bring a gold medal, you have a fucking parade when you get back home. It was great. Yeah. And there was probably very, don don't know what the original, like the one where Hitler was in the 1936 Olympics and he's fucking jacked up on meth and he's rocking back and forth. What? You seen that one? No dude. You never saw that? No. You're putting me on so much game right now. I'm put you on this bro. You've put me on So much. Yo, I got a guy coming on tomorrow to actually talk about drugs in the Nazis. Like all the, the crazy drugs that they were Doing, they had to be on drugs, All kinds of stuff. For sure. All kinds of cocaine. They were free drugs. Meth. Yeah. They were, they were doing, they were getting free drugs and there was no just say no back then. Everybody's like, what does this do? Keeps me up for days. Let's go fucking Bang. Bang.


So Hitler at the Munich Olympics is like, he's on meth and he's rocking back and forth. He's just amphetamine out of his fucking mind. Just coked up. Just rocking back and forth while everybody's watching the Olympics. What? Show it to him, Jamie. Yeah. We need to see this. We've played this. Like look at him. At him. Oh my God. Look At him rocking. Dude, Look at him going. He's going, oh, what a maniac. He's Fucking going. That dude ruined A lot of a maniac. He ruined that mustache forever. Yeah. You know, just rocking back and forth. But back then, how many sports were in? Was that 36? 1936 or 38? Three. 6 36.


How many sports were in the 1936 Munich Olympics? Because now there's some, There's everything Swimming and rhythmic gymnastics Type of shooting. Yeah, There's Decathlons always Have I. don. I don't know when it started, but there's only a certain number of events. So if they like just put a new one in, they gotta take something out. Oh. Oh really? That's why I lost wrestling a few years ago. And everybody got mad 'cause they added like skateboarding or surfing or something. Something like that. Is that always been the case? Yeah, from the beginning. I mean up until I mean not since there was only like 10 games. Did we start with, I'm Trying to think how many events were in the 1936 Olympics though. I've been looking Because I know they've, they may have, might have put a cap on them in the future.


don don't know if they had a cap on it back then. But my point is, back then, like, like in the Jesse Owens days, you know when Muhammad Ali won the gold medal, like those guys weren't doing that for money for Ali. It was like a way that he could transfer into professional boxing. And you know, like with Meldrick Taylor and Pne Whitaker, those guys got fast tracked. Mark Breland, all the Evander Holyfield, all those guys who medaled the Venues for the events they had, they had a lot of going on. So they have a lot of stuff, but not as much as they have now. don don't know. I wonder it's, see if you could find how many more events are there in 2024 than there were in 1936.


We'll see if they say that. But the point is, like everybody who did the Olympics before television, they just did it for national pride. Just like winning the nationals and wrestling. Yeah, yeah, of course. You, you do it just to, for the glory of it. So 32 sports, 3 29 events, 29 32 sports, including 28 core Olympic sports. Contested in 2016, 2020. And then what did it used to be in like 1936? 9 29 events. Wow. 25 disciplines. Hmm. So it's slightly less. Gotta love the AI overview. Right. Nuts.


It's Just quick. Instantly give You all the things. All the things. The Olympics were often considered controversial because they were held to showcase the third Rech and Adolf Hitler's theories of Arian supremacy all jacked up on Fucking what the best. Oh God, what a fucking best. What a fucking maniac. Yeah. Nuts. So back my point is, so back then there was no television revenue. There was no, no one was making billions and billions and billions of dollars. Yeah. So the Olympics started with, you know, a very pure intention. Yeah. Pure intention of just, you know, winning. Being the best. Yeah. Be the best from your country. But somewhere along the line it became this fucking enormous business.


And the athletes never got cut in And no one's ever spoken up about it. Have they? What do they, what Can They do? They don't have any power. No one has any power. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. I Mean the TV networks don't wanna change. They're like, shut the fuck Up. Everybody's like, shut the fuck up. This is getting us abused. Because They're just stealing. Yeah, yeah. They're just stealing money. Imagine if that was the case with the NBA or the NFL or UFC. Imagine if the athletes got zero money and everybody else is driving around and Rolls Royces and living in magic. It'd be crazy. That'd be super crazy. Yeah. You guys are fighting for glory. Yeah. You're not fighting for glory. This is not about money. You Represent your country state. We've done studies and it shows that when people fight for money, they don't fight that hard. Yeah. So what, That's the Olympics. They're boxing for $0.


They're punching each other in the face as hard as they can for $0 for glory. And this woman today got punched in the face by a man. Damn. Yeah. They let a transgender, there's apparently two, at least two transgender boxers that are fighting in women's boxing. Don Don't. What the fuck? Don don't understand. You can't Understand 'cause you're not retarded. It has to be Something wrong with you to understand, to think that that makes sense. That all you have to do is say you're a woman but you're not. Though I say I'm a werewolf, but when the moon comes out, I stay person. Yeah. I Mean like I, this is not real. I wanna understand the the like from their part and their reasoning.


Like Because you're a nice guy, you want to think that there's some part of this. Like there's probably some sort of a reason. Oh if they explain it to me like, oh, I see your perspective. Yeah. I wanna see the perspective. Right. Yeah. There's no perspective. It doesn't exist. It doesn't exist because that perspective would gray the line to like, well why not just let all men compete in women's sports? Well men would dominate and that's why you have Title ix. There's a reason why men and women's sports are separated because it's not fair. Yeah, it's not fair. There's the reason why the UFCS weight classes. You're not fighting Brandon Marino. Yeah, that's true. Because it's not fair. Yeah. Right. This, all these things are put in place to make things as fair as possible. Weight classes, gender distinctions, circle Says they're not transgender. Whatcha talking about?


That's What this says. They may be intersex. Wait a minute, is this today? This is about them. Yeah. July 30th. July 30th. That's today there. But there is an athlete that they were saying was a male athlete that was competing. Riley Gaines posted it on her Instagram. It Says they failed tests that came back. Testosterone tests, elevated testosterone. What does that mean? So they took, testosterone is an exogenous test. Why are they calling this person transgender? Are they ma female to male? Like they're trying to transition to male? Is that what they're saying? I don't know What. Okay. At least what article is this from? Outport. Outport.


What is outport? Well I mean I go to somewhere else. But Hold on. What is Outport? What is that? What is the Probably A-L-G-B-T lgbtq. Yeah, it's L-B-G-T-P. Yeah, it is. So this might be biased. Google, transgender boxer. And what is it saying? Olympic Trans boxers. Where I started it said there are previous, They will fight in Paris women's Events. But here it said this is the person, Algeria's and name key. I don't know how to say that. And Taiwan's Ling Yu ting were disqualified from La God. These popups qualify disqualified from last year's Women's world boxing championships after failing gender eligibility tests. Okay. That means they're transgender. Jamie, that outs sports is a biased website.


It's unfortunately there, it's kind of propaganda about this kind of stuff, Man. I don't All Right, scroll it up. Scroll it up again. So it says, yeah, the person that has the XY chromosome, the boxer's chromosome text came back as xy. So that's a male says It's alleged. Well at the time of the disqualifications, based on DNA tests. We identified a, a number of athletes who tried to trick their colleges into posing as women. The association's President Umra, Umar Relev told Russia's task news agency at the time, according to the results of the test, it was proved that they have XY chromosomes.


Such athletes were excluded from competition. So I don't think out sports is being honest about this particular thing because there's outrage all over the place about this one particular person that they're talking there that did test for an XY chromosome. That's a man. I know it sounds horrible to misgender someone and all that good stuff. All that's great until you wanna fight women or even compete against women. Yeah. Let's just cut the shit. Yeah, let's Cut the shit. When it comes to competition, I guess. Yeah. There's a, a level of like, it's just unfair. Or it can be, you know, Also we're denying sandbagging, right? Yeah. We both know what sandbagging is. Yeah, for sure. Sandbagging has always happened.


You would get it in all sports. I remember when I was a kid, there was a kid that, we were in little league baseball and there was a kid that was 15. He was trying to say he was 13. This motherfucker threw heat. He threw heat, he had a crazy fastball. And everybody's like, how old is this fucking kid? Little league throwing like a 80, 89. Oh, trans boxer Hery b Don ba baan aims for gold medal. This is also from out sports though, so, okay. So this one, they're being honest about I mean. That's what I'm just saying. Right. But they're not being honest about that other one competes in the, as he competes in the women's boxing division. Wait a minute, what does that mean? Why are they saying he then this was the other one.


See, they're saying himself in his nation. So this is a trans female to male competing in women's boxing. 'cause they're saying him so out would not be calling this person a male if this person identified as female. But they're competing in women's boxing. So this just means they're juicing up. They're just cyborg cyborg their way to the thing. He proudly proclaims. He's never taking testosterone on the social media accounts. Okay. So he just says that he's a man. So he's transgendered just by saying it. He's not doing any hormone replacement therapy, knowing his strong stance against discrimination he faced during competition.


So this is just a woman that says they're a man and competes with women. That's different. That's very different. Especially if this person's not taking testosterone. That's very different. But the other one has XY chromosome. That's a boy. Congratulations. There's a lot. There's a lot, man. Like that's a lot. That's a lot to take in. That's a lot for my, like, my brain to even process. Well, it shouldn't be about, you know, ideology. It should be about biology. You should have biologists determine whether or not someone's male or female. You, it shouldn't be like, you just decide like this, this article was nonsense too. 'cause you're saying he competes, as, you know, in women's boxing. Well, why, why would he compete in women's boxing? Yeah. If he thinks he's a man, go compete with the men.


Yeah. It's sad. It's, it's And what I mean by that. Like, it's sad because in today's times, like, it's hard to stay like politically correct. Right, right. It's impossible. It's like, even now I'm like, how do I, how do I even talk about this? I know. You get what I mean. I know. Like, without getting completely, like, I might don don't know what to say. don don't know what, but that's, that's I don the trick. Yeah. The trick is getting you so confused by it all that you can't even discuss it. Yeah. And then you just sort of allow it to happen. Well, it's not me. What am I gonna do? Yeah, yeah.


What you chew on This is try these That's loos. That's a breaker breaker. Those are good espresso. Yeah. You like, Ooh, it's good, man. The espresso's good. You'll like it breaker. Yeah. There's a little thing on a crack. Yeah. Crack it and a has a nice flavor. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. These Are delicious. Not bad. Right? Wow. Okay. Yeah. Probably banned from the Olympics. I wonder if nicotine's banned. So speaking of which, we should probably get to the, your whole story. Yeah. Let's do it. Yeah. So you were slated to fight, it was Jamal Hill, right? Yeah. And which would've been a huge fight for you and for him, and explain the story.


Explain in your words what happened. Okay. Yeah. So I was scheduled to fight Jamal Hill Co Main Event at UFC 3 0 3. At the time, it was when Connor was still, you know, gonna fight Chandler. So in preparation, leading up to that fight, I was, how do I even say this? I was working with a company who I like, outsourced, like, to take care of my supplements and stuff. Like, hey, you know, I don't have the time to necessarily like pick what's right for me.


But these guys, I trusted them. They promised me and they did Your blood work. They did everything, yeah. Blood work, everything. Like, you know, I trusted them. I'd taken their stuff before, passed drug tests before, so there was nothing for me to, you know, worry about. And then I, it was brought to my attention from the owner of the company. He was visiting my house and pointed out something that I was taking and shouldn't have been, but it was sent to me from their company. They mentioned, you know, they sent a letter to the UFC. As soon as I took it, I had to, I I mean I called UFC man.


I was like, freaked out. I was like, what the hell? I didn't know. So this stuff that you were taking was a part of like, it was a stack of things? Or was it like, So let me, I want to get this, like, I want to get this correct, you know? Right. Like, Because this is the first time that I'm, you know, speaking about this publicly. So the, the most simple way that I can put it is I was outsourcing my supplements. I, I was sent A blended supplement that I was not told that I should not take.


And the company knew that I'm a UFC fighter, that I'm under drug testing protocol, like all this stuff. So they knew that and someone from their company sent me something that I shouldn't have taken. And there was no like, heads up, hey, this, no da da da da. It just came, And I continued to take my supplements as I'd been doing. And then when it was brought to my attention, like, Hey, you shouldn't be taking this, that's when I immediately alerted the UFC and like, hey, so this Is DHEA, Correct. DHEA. And it wasn't even, it was in a blended supplement. So DHEA was inside of a vitamin type supplement that they sent me.


And we should also point out, DHEA is not even performance enhancing. So it's not like you could get any kind of an advantage. It would help your health. Yeah. It's kind of stupid that it's illegal. Yeah. I mean, there's like, when I looked at stuff from like the WADA list on why they banned it, it just doesn't really make any sense, you know? And for it to have any type of performance enhancing benefits, I'd have to take it for a long time and a lot of it, and it still wouldn't even probably do anything, you know? Yeah. It's not a steroid. The point is, yeah. It's not like some crazy shit that you take. And also like EPO or something. Yeah, yeah.


Exactly. So I don't understand if you told them that this was an accident giving, given the understanding that this is not performance enhancing, why did they suspend you? Okay, so UFC, which is awesome, they've, they've been so helpful, man, like Donna and Jeff and even Hunter, like, I'm so grateful for them, but they had to suspend me. They gave me a two month suspension because my test did come back positive as soon as I told them, Hey, I just tested on May 4th, so I haven't gotten the results back yet, but this is what I just found out.


I've been taking, so it's probably gonna come up on this test. So keep a lookout. You like, keep your eye out. So then they're like, okay, we're they like, expedited my test. They called it like, Hey, we need this test back immediately because I was booked to fight. And so I'm obviously This is like, I'm panicking, dude. I'm like, fuck. Like everything is could go down. And, I fucking didn't do anything, you know? Right. Right. Now the biggest moment of my life that I've been preparing for is, is in jeopardy. So right. UFC expedited the test. They come back and Donna calls me, she's like, okay, okay. Exactly. Excuse me exactly what you stated did show up on the test.


So we have to issue you some type of suspension for a failed drug test. So they just gave me two months, but that's completely separate from the Nevada State Athletic Commission. Oh, yeah. So that's what I'm in now. That's the situation. So what are they trying to do? So I'm still suspended under Nevada State, but they still haven't given me the time yet, specifically. So yet today was supposed to be another hearing, but as far as I know right now, it's gonna be somewhere nine months or more.


Jesus Christ. Yes. For DHEN, For DHEA And the crazy God That's so crazy. And, and, and so UFC is, they're, they're, they're trying to help and we're trying to get this like, come on guys, like I'm being penalized for reporting self-reporting, Self-reporting something that's not even Performance and answer something that that's not even my fault. Right. You get what I mean. Like, I didn't intentionally do this. Right. So, like, it's just, it's, it's a really, really rough time right now, Joe. Like, it's, it's hard to, for me to really kind of like, keep it together. Especially like you were saying, like, I was scheduled to fight Jamal, and like, I'm at a point in my career right now where, man, I felt like I feel like I'm really damn close, but now I don't, I don't know what the hell's going on because I'm being held up by, I buy all of this stuff.


Yeah, you are really damn close. Yeah. You're really, really close. And every time we see you, you look better. And, I was really looking forward to that fight, because I think that would be, that's a giant test. you know, Jamal's a former champion. Yes. And he's gonna be angry coming off of that loss to Pereira. Yes, man. Yeah. So you, you're in limbo right now. I'm in limbo, dude. It's, It's, and how many months ago was 3 0 3. 3 0 3 was, what was it? May May. May. May. Okay. So here we're in July and so you still don't have an answer yet. And if, if it's nine months, was it, would it be nine months from the day? Nine Months from the day. So you'd be eligible in six months from now? Yeah. So you could maybe do December card?


No, nine months. No, nine months from, from the date of a positive test. I think that comes out, I think that comes out to February. Oh, wow. Until July, August, September, October, November. Okay. February. Yeah, Like February. So I wouldn't be able to fight until next year. God damn it. Yeah, dude. And So like It's, and you're so close in this, so close heated up division, heated Up division, things are moving, you know, guys are fighting. Dude. I mean, like even to not fight this long, I mean don don't think people have, Or It does so much for me, man, financially, like Yeah, you know what I mean for sure.


Like, dude, I got mortgage. Like Yeah. Like shit's. It's been, it's been such a huge thing on Also momentum. Momentum. Yeah. Not fighting I mean, it's, and You're in your prime right now. Yeah, dude, it's, I, I, when I even think about it, like it, it brings up so many different emotions, you know, like I do my best to work through 'em and I've been training my ass off. you know, I like, I've, I've tried to do everything that I can in this time to just stay prepared and just, even though, even if I know that I'm gonna be fighting next year or something like that, like, I'm just like, okay, I don't, I have to, I have to stay strong. I have to keep progressing.


Right. I have to continue to be better every time. Yeah. you know, every fight. Well, you were after the Anthony Smith fight, you just, you're so hot right now. I mean, it's like on that level where like this guy might break through and become champion. You're in that range, you know? Yeah. And that's I mean, that's where I'm headed. Like, I'm so focused on whatever it takes to get to that championship and that Jamal Hill fight was like the way that I was looking at, okay, this is my way to prove that I'm ready. Yeah. The only I mean, hopefully that fight can get rescheduled. you know, because my biggest focus right now is, man, I want to fight Alex, man.


Mm. I just, I know that that's gonna be a great fight that everyone is going to love. Yeah. And I know that obviously that's A strike's delight. Yes. And I know that I have to, you know, like, yeah, I've gotta fight Jamal. And maybe that'll can maybe, like, if that happens first, then that'll still keep me in that position of like, talks of like, okay, then now you're ready for it. Who knows what's gonna happen? Who knows how many fights it's gonna take now. Right. For me to get that fight. Right. But that's the one to me in my mind that I'm like, that's the one that I want really Bad. Well, fortunately Jamal unfortunately for him, Jamal got injured. Yeah. And so he had to pull out that fight too. That whole car that, that fight switched so many different times.


Crazy. Right? Yeah. So when you think about, but I think Jamal had a knee injury, right? Yeah. It looked like a, something pretty bad. Yeah. Yeah. And so that, who knows what, what's gonna happen with that, that could take him out for many months. Oh, we don't know. I don know if he had surgery. What was the extent of Jamal's knee injury? I believe it was like a, a severe meniscus tear. Yeah. Something like that. And like a lot of fluid it looked like. Yeah. Yeah. So, you know, have you had any knee issues? Yeah. When I, when I was 15, I broke my knee in the, in the pit, hardcore pit. Oh no. Yeah. I was moshing going crazy.


Some guy had some steel toe boots on and he was just flinging around. He boom kicked my knee and broke my tibia. Oh God. At The top bone was sticking out. Jesus Christ. Yeah. And then crazy thing at the time, I was on tour with the band that I was playing with and we were close to like Mexico. And so we went to this like shitty hospital, like southern California, like close to the border. And I was only 15, 16 at the time. Something like that. And they were like, parents insurance is like, I don't know, I don't have anything but my leg is the size of a football right now. Fix it. So they like shot me up with some type of drug and put a brace on me and gave me crutches.


And they were like, peace. And I had to drive from southern California to Vegas, which took us at the time, two days because we had to make stops because I was in pain with a broken leg. Nothing had been done Yet. Oh my God. And I. We were young, so my friends would stop at like a Walgreens or something, get a bunch of cough medicine, Benadryl here, drink this. Oh. Here. you know, like, just try to put me out because I'm in a van with a broken leg. Oh My God. Yeah, Dude. It was crazy. So, yeah, I, I've broken, but nothing, nothing torn or anything like That, but, oh, so that healed up. And you're good to go? Yeah, I'm good now. Yeah. It's kind of amazing when you think of how many fights you've had and all the kicking you do, you've had no knee injuries.


Nothing. Wow. No dude. Yeah. Thankfully I mean shit. It's, it's been really good. I feel better now than I ever have. Like, everything's strong. This is, this is great. This is a great time for me. As far as just like athletic, like progression. Oh dude, you look so good in that Anthony Smith fight. Ah, thanks dude. I loved that fight, man. I loved that fight. That was one of my favorites. I watched it, I watched it back That off speed when you hit him with that upper cut. Yeah. Woo. That was slick. I started, you know, the crazy thing, like I'm, I'm glad you pointed that out. I don don't know. I think I started that in the first or second round. That was something that I was like doing intentionally. That the, the reason why that's my favorite fight is because from start to finish, I was 100% locked in, zeroed in.


I still remember that fight now as if it were yesterday So. like, you know, that hint So, like the, I didn't finish it because I was just locked in. There was nothing like overly emotional. Right. I just, I was in there to eat, man. It seemed like it And I. I didn't, I didn't feel emotional in that fight at all. Everything was just locked clear, locked in strategy. Yeah. Pick my shots wisely. It was a masterpiece. Thanks man. And it's one of those fights where there's, there's cer a certain time in a fighter's career where they make this breakthrough and you go, oh boy, he's right there. Yeah. Like, they're right there where like, I wanna see that guy fight all these other folks. Yeah. I wanna see that guy fight all these other killers in that division.


Yeah. That's where I'm at. Yeah. That where I'm at. And that division is, you know, it's interesting 'cause Alex is such a dominant champion, but there's not a lot of compelling challengers for him. you know, it's an iev who I think he's going to be next. I think they're, they're pretty much saying that. That makes sense. Yeah. That makes sense. It makes sense. And then ya boho of course. Yeah. 'cause his fight was pretty close with Alex. I think it was a split, a split decision. Yeah, I think So. Yeah. And he's, for whatever reason, not being considered, I think a lot of people looking past Kovich 'cause he is older. Yeah. You know? Yeah. But you can't I mean you can't look past anybody. Right. I mean, look how far Glover came. Right. Right. You know, like And I think. Yeah. It it, it's crazy. Yeah. You can't, you can't overlook anybody.


Well, At the elite, elite level, yeah. you know, there's just, there's so many of those. Look Bevi and Jan f and rather, Bevi and Anaya fought to a draw. Remember that fight? Yeah. So those guys are like right there. Like, there's so many, it's tightly contested fights in that division. Yeah. I just, I think I'm, I'm not like shitting on anybody or you know, saying that like, I deserve this anybody over anybody. I just, I'm excited, man. Like, I just want to give the fans that fight. Yeah. I wanna give myself that fight. Yeah. you know what I mean? Like just for it, just for the, for the experience. Like I don't plan to shoot any take downs on this guy. s right. you know what I mean?


Right. I don't think he plans to shoot any take downs on me. No. And I think that it's like, and there's really, when you have two guys that strike like we do and that are skilled and we like, you know, like we're thoughtful. We know everything's precise. It's not just, we're not going in there and just s slang and bang, you know, like Izzy says button pushers. Yeah. Button smashers. Yeah. It's not that. It's, it's two guys that would know, Hey man, this could end at any moment. Yeah. It could end in the first second, but it also could go five because the both of us are fucking warriors. So I just think like, and, and while he's still doing his best, you know, like while he's still at the peak is kind of like, 'cause I'm doing my best and I'm getting to the, my peak, and you get these two guys at the highest level and fuck, that's a sick fight.


That's what I'm saying. you know, like, that's a sick fight. It's not like me. That's what I'm Saying. you know, So, like, hopefully he continues to win. Hopefully I'm not suspended for that long. And if I have to fight someone else in between, like, you know, in between then Okay. I understand. you know, if it's Jamal Hill, if he gets back and they book us a five rounder, and then it's like, okay, who's, you know, winner of this can fight the champion. Okay, cool. I'm down for something like that, you know. But yeah, man, I'm, I'm, they Gotta work that out. Who is the head of the Nevada State Athletic Commission now?


Jeff Mullen. Is it Jeff? I think Jeff's A reasonable guy. Very smart Guy. Yeah. Seems like it. Yeah. Well, he'll, well don don't know how much say he has on how things get sorted out. Yeah, but he's a martial artist too. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So he's a Lot of those, a lot of those guys are, you know, I went, I went, so I thought that I was supposed to have my hearing, I guess you want to call it. Last month, And I showed up in person. Like they allow public comments like time for, so the public can come in the beginning. So I came And I saw these guys, and I'm like, oh, I know all of you. I see. You Know, in my mind I thought it was like some crazy thing, you know, like, oh man, I have to go. And so I showed up And I looked around the room and everybody's sitting around this table, like all the board And I was like, oh, I've seen every single last one of you at every fight.


Right. So I felt more comfortable And I kind of like, let 'em know like, Hey guys, I'm here. I think that my case is today. you know? And they were like, no, it's not until next month. And I was like, okay. Well I just, hopefully you guys can kind of look into the facts and just see like, Yeah, This was not my fault. Not only not your fault, but not gonna help you in any way. Yeah. You, you took DHEA for a couple months, that doesn't mean anything. Yeah. It's not gonna do a fucking, Not even for a couple of months. A couple days. Oh, There you go. Okay. So a couple of days, man. Oh Wow. Yeah, yeah, yeah. There's no way that's gonna give any performance enhance. I just see, I hate paperwork. That seems, it seems like logical heads would go Oh, clear 'em.


Yeah. Yeah. If you have to suspend it for two months. Okay. Two months is not that big a deal. Yeah. Let's get it right back in the hunt. Reschedule a fight. you know, we got so many big fights coming up after this fear. There's Salt Lake City, which is, I think Salt Lake City's gonna be Holloway and Ia por Ooh. Yeah. That's A good one. Yeah. And then of course Big Holloway fan here. Yeah, me too. Shout out Max Holloway. God damn man. How about that Gates you fight. I was there. I was there. It was crazy. It was crazy the way that, you know, when people do like the wave in crowds, it was, this was like the fucking atomic bomb. Like boom, boom dude. And then everyone like, yeah, the last second, you know?


Yeah. Like crazy. It's crazy because it's like, okay, you're watching this fight and you're like, okay, cool. Yeah, this Max got this, you know? Yeah. In the bag and then gate you comes and he is swinging it. It's like, oh, okay. Like everyone's still engaged, right? Yep. Because they're fighting. But then like, as soon as that hit boom, Insane, The entire arena, I was insane getting chills just thinking about it like being in that moment that was Sick. It was so crazy. Yeah. And Max versus Topoya is gonna be wild. Yeah. It's gonna be great. That is a wild fight. Topo is a fucking savage. Yeah. So Savage. He's, he's so savage. Which brings me to what I was gonna say about Jamal. I, I'm, I'm very sad that he hurt his knee. you know, I certainly want him to get better, but I did not like him taking that fight with you so quickly after getting KD by No, Don don't like guys taking fights real quickly.


I mean, I like it for you, but I don't like it for him. I don't think it's smart. I think you feel okay, but I don't think you're okay. And I. Think that's v Kovski after he got K KD by Islam and then a couple months later he fights Ilya and gets knocked unconscious. Yeah. That's real man. you know, and you, you've been stopped before. you know what it's like. Yeah. It's like you're not quite right for a long time after that. Yeah. Yeah. don don't know man. Like when it happened and when like when they called me and told me that this was the situation, that was a lot of the fans' response. And then people that I know, they're like, dude, what's wrong with this guy? Like, why is he, and I'm like, honestly, my response to everybody was like, dude, that's none in my business.


Right. It's up to him. It's true. you know what I mean? Like whatever he chooses to do, that's on him. Yep. But I mean it does. I don't, to me it seems like him I mean, he seems like someone who's very like, fuck it, headstrong. I'll do what I want. Oh yeah. you know. Oh, Oh yeah. That's him. Definitely. Okay, Cool dude, do you, I'm gonna continue to do me. And then it's really, Look, he might be fine. Yeah. I mean he got clipped and dropped and then he got beaten up when he was on the ground and he stood right back up afterwards. Maybe he didn't get a concussion. Maybe he just got dinged. Who knows. Yeah. But like guys have like Merko Cro cop in Pride, he fought Kevin Rman and he got KOD bad, real bad. And then he fought again 25 days later.


What was the result of that one? Or who did he fought? do you Remember? I forget. See if you find Merkel's record. But then he eventually fought random and again, and then choked him. Damn, I missed those. I missed those days. Those days were wild. I remember when like getting first introduced to MMA and seeing Cro cop throw those high kicks. Oh my God. And just folding people. Oh my god. Man, bro. Oh my God. Oh God. Folding people. Folding people To the body. Phone body. The head anywhere. So, so where, where does it say go all the way back? Kevin Rman. So he loses a rman and he fights Kaha and then he fights Oyama and then he fights Alex Emelianenko. Wow. And then he fights Josh Burnett. And then he gets a rematch with Kevin Rman. But, so look at the time.


So April of two of 2004, Holy April. And then in May then fights in May a month later. A month later And takes a month break. Comes back in July. Yeah, Bro, they were fucking Fights. Another month. Fights August, then again in October. October and again in December. And then again February fights Mark Coleman. Can we? Holy shit man. Dude, he, oh my God. Those guys were getting after it Then. God's Hall of Famer, right? Oh yeah. Yeah. 100% percent. 100%. A hundred percent Hall of Famer. And back then those guys weren't, they like the whole thing of pride back then. They didn't get called until like two weeks before the fight. Crazy. No one even knew who was on the card. Didn't even know. No. They all like, it was all like everybody just had to train Get ready.


Yeah. Wasn't it just like the guys were training and then they'd get a call and then they'd say like, X amount of money and they're like, cool, we'll be there. Yep. And they'd show up And you, a lot of it get paid in cash. In cash, Right? Yeah. So like, yeah, I'll go get that back. They had Cornermen, they were like taping cash To their body. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I did hear stories about that. I heard a lot of stories about that man, what a time. It Was a wild time. It'd be cool if it were still kinda like that. you know? Like I know if they had leagues that were like that, that would be cool. Well it would be cool if there was a, an organization that was competing with the UFC at that level. Yeah. Like that Pride was at the time. Like Cyana super arena. Yeah. That Cyt super arena. I think it's 90,000 people. It was full. Yeah. Full for pride. Crazy and nuts.


And then, you know, the scandals, the Yakuza, all that stuff. And it just kind of goes away. But at one point in time they were bigger than the UFC. It was huge. Yeah, it was. And it was huge here too. Everybody watched it. Yeah. Especially martial artists. Everybody watched Noguera when he was the champ and Fedor when he was going through his prime over there. Yeah. When I got into MMA, I think I watched more pride than I did UFC. Oh. And at the time it wasn't live. Right. But like Right. if I had to go buy a DVD from Z Records or something, it's like, yeah, of course I'm gonna buy the Pride One. Sometimes it'd be a pride event and you'd have to stay offline 'cause you'd find out the results and they wouldn't air it for a while later. Like, oh shit days. Maybe even weeks later. Yeah. That Was before. I wasn't even that deep into the, into the game yet.


I was just watching like DVDs and YouTube videos I think. And they would have 'em sometimes live and you know, it would be live in America. So you'd have to watch at like four o'clock in the morning. Oh my God. Yeah. Were you one of those guys? Yeah, I had a bunch of guys over. Bunch of guys from Jiujitsu came over the house. We all watched it at like four o'clock in the morning. That's pretty sick. Well, speaking of Juujitsu, I'm gonna compete in World Masters. Really? Yeah. When are you doing that? It's the end of August in Vegas. The only thing that makes me nervous about stuff like that is when a guy Yes. Yeah. A guy at your level that's like right there with a shot at the title. Like you're, you're a fight or two away from a potential world championship fight.


Yeah. And then you're gonna let some dude leg lock you. It's not gonna happen. So You see That, but no, no, no. It's not gonna happen. I mean like, so this is, this is something that I'm trying to just do for myself to like, man, I've been training like a dog, you know? And like, What belt? Do you know? I'm Purple. So I've been training like a dog. I feel good. Yeah. Ghee. Yeah. And. I. Just like, it's, it's not that serious to me. Right? It's not like I'm putting everything on the line to go win this thing. It's like, no dude, I just, I kind of just want to get in there and Khalil, you're a savage. Once you get in there, you're gonna be going in. Why you lying to me?


Why you staring me? No, no, no, No, no, no. You're a straight up killer. Why are you lying to me? I, I am a killer. but I think, I think it's a little bit different when it comes to like, going in here and, and competing with Juujitsu. I think for me, the reason why I kind of made this decision is, and I mean it all, like it's 170 something bucks or whatever to, to register. Right? Like I could just say at the last minute like, nah, you know, I'm not gonna do it. Right. But I think it's another way for me to get out and like, and hang out with the fans. Dude, I have a lot of fans in the Jiujitsu community as well. Sure. And, I have a lot of friends in that community. And, I go to worlds every year and, and hang out there. And sometimes I get the itch like, man, it would be cool to just Right.


you know, hop in here and have three matches, four matches in a day. Like, whatever. So that's kind of more my approach. I just want to get there, kind of connect with the people. Yeah. I'll, I'll throw my key. I'll compete, but I'm not gonna get injured if something's, you know, if something's, if someone's got my leg ankle lock, something like that. Like okay, let's, maybe I'll tap, Maybe I'll tap. It makes me think about Cub Swanson. Remember Cub Swanson blew out his acl l in a grappling competition. I didn't know that. Yeah. He blew out his acl L in a Grappling competi, You know, competition. do you know, I think it was Nogi and it was, you know, when it was a couple years back when Cub was, you know, doing really well.


Hmm. And for sure it slowed his momentum. He had to get surgery. See now you're like freaking me out. I I mean I thought about it. Right. The thought of injury came Up. Dude, don't, I'll tell you right now. Don't do it. Oh, fucking, it's not worth it. Come on Joe. Listen. You probably will be fine. But if not, If not, If not, Then it's another, do You know how many videos people have sent me over the last week of dudes getting heel hooked with their leg breaks? Snaps. Like hard loud cracks. I'll show you something. No, dude. I hate that shit. Yeah. No. don don't wanna know it. I don't. The leg lock game right now is so high. It's so high level. And, I don don't know. But are people leg locking in? Gee, I don't know. I don't know what, what don don't think you can like inside heel hook.


There's, there's just a bunch of things that the problem is the friction of the gee. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Creates This unnatural control. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, like, I'll, I'll I'll give it more thought. The other thing is, it's like scrambles, like in scrambles, knees blow out. Yeah. you know? 'cause scrambles in the gym and scrambles in training are different. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. In competition. In competition, You're, you're way more like you're gonna push a hundred percent in competition. Yeah. More explosive. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Weird stuff happens. Yeah. Weird shit happens. It's not worth it. If a guy Shoot Dude, you're right there. Yeah, you're right there. You're right there. I would say fucking don't do it. I was So sure until I don, I had this conversation with you. Don't, If I can talk you out and doing it, please listen.


Imagine you do that. You blow out an ACL. Yeah. Then I'm an idiot. Yeah. It makes no sense. For no reason. Ah, Fuck Joe. It's not worth it. Okay. I would not be snowboarding. I would not be doing anything. Oh, That's okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. No nonsense. Don't fuck around. Well, there's no, no reason for nonsense right now. You're right there, dude. Damn. You're right There. You guys heard it. Joe. Rogan. Just talk me out of, Thank God I did jujitsu. I'm glad you gotta listen to me. Wow. And aji Jitsu guys like, oh, you fucking pussy. Shut up. Ro you fucked. Nah, but here's the thing. Like, I would hate to have this conversation with you and you'd be So like adamant and passionate about like, dude, don't do it. And then something did happen. And I.


Well, I'd hate to even try now because I put it in your head, don don't, I don't want that to be in your head. Yeah. If you wanna do it, maybe I'll talk to you again and try to like A text. You're Gonna be fine. Dude. You're awesome. You're, I'm sure you'll be in complete control. These guys can't fuck with you. What? Purple belts gonna be able to tap you. Yeah. But I've just been, I've been trying to stay, you know, somewhat active. It's crazy that you say like snowboarding shit, because I picked up skiing Ooh. Last year. Oh yeah. Yeah. Super natural. Everything was good, of Course. But thankfully I picked it up at the end of the winter, so I only got like three months in. but I did hit some black diamond runs in Whistler.


One that was like, the guy told me, he was like, oh, this is the, the one that they did in the Olympics. And. I was like, okay, cool. I'll try it. Jesus. I did really well. But outside of that I mean I play a lot of golf, dude. Well, golf is a good one. Yeah. I'm gonna get hurt doing golf. Not Gonna get hurt doing that. No. So I'll just stick to that. You Get fucking Trump. He's 80 years old. He is out there playing golf. What A maniac. Yeah. Dude, how the hell is this guy? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Get Shot In the Ears on the Course the next day. That's, that's actually one thing that I, that I found out about skiing too. Because like, here's the thing. Yeah. Skiing, anything like that can be dangerous. But when I was out there, I didn't see anybody over the age of 40 on a snowboard.


Right. But I saw guys 80 years old. Ski my father-in-law skiing. Yeah. you know, and I'm like, okay, I want to pick up things that I can do for a long time. I want to be active now. Like ever since I made the change and became a fighter and all these things. And like my life's changed. And, I wanna stay active. I think that's very important to like, stay active as long as you can. And so I picked up some hobbies because I am an extreme guy. Skiing can be an extreme sport. Yeah. you know, but it could also be very, you know, it could also be very chill. So things like golf and skiing have been kind of, I stopped skiing a couple years ago because I, I wiped out bad and it was not my fault. I was going around a turn and this lady didn't know how to ski and she was kind of like sliding into the trail.


And I had two decisions, either plow right into her and fuck this lady up. Yeah. Or fall. And I chose to fall. And I didn't have much control over how I felt. 'cause it was like at the edge of the turn. And I slammed my head, the back of my head. Bad five def. Definitely got a concussion, but also broke the top of my leg. It's called an insufficiency fracture. Okay. It's where the top of your shin hits your cartilage. Okay. It still fucks with me to this day. And top of your shin. Yeah. Hit Your cartilage. There's a crack at the top of my shin. Okay. Like at the top of my tibia. Oh. That's where I broke my leg. That's where I Broke my knee. Same spot. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Mine was not bad tibia, it was just a crack. but I went to the doctor. I'm like, man, something's wrong.


It's just like, it's not, this is, this feels fucked up. And they did the x-ray and everything. And Oh, you have a crack shit. They were crack cracking your bone. Yeah. There's nothing they could do about it. They said it'll be okay in six weeks. But I'm like, fuck skiing, I'm done. And. I was like the rest of the day I was out of it. I I, I tried to get on the ski lift. And I fell. 'cause I was so dizzy. Really. Like, I tried to, like, I tried to get up And I had a hard time getting back up. They had to help me up like an old man. I couldn't get up. I was like, I was, I, I hit my head hard. 'cause I remember when my head hit, when I heard the bang of my head hit the, the, the pack snow. It was like icy snow. I remember thinking, oh, that's a concussion. Yeah. Like right away. I was like, that's A real, yeah. You could feel That's a real concussion.


Yeah. If it is taking blows to the head before and things like that, you can feel like, oh shit. That's crazy. Yeah. That was like harder than I think I've ever been kicked in the head. Yeah. It was bang. It was like, oh fuck man. And I was just dizzy the whole day. Damn. And I was thinking about gonna the doctor for that, that, but I'm like, let me just see how just Chill I Deal with life. Yeah. you know, don don't know what they would do for me other than hospitalize me and monitor me. Yeah. but I know, I knew I got rocked. How has, how has your training been going? What's you been, what have you been doing training wise? Well, I still, like I said, my niece still fucks with me. And so that's kept me from doing Juujitsu because it's just, I don't want to get injured. you know, I'm 56 and as you get older, injuries take fucking forever to come back from.


And I've had a couple of problems with this knee. This, I had surgery on it. And then one time I, I, I fucked up my MCL about when I was about to get on stage. So I was doing these shows with Dave Chappelle at Stubbs. Okay. Which is in town. This is during the pandemic. And they're bringing me up to the stage and I'm turning the recorder on on my phone as I'm walking up these cement stairs. And I wasn't paying attention 'cause the stairs kind of turn And I stub. Like the top of my foot as I was like stepping up And I kind of heel hook myself. And like hard, like Painful. Yeah. Yeah. And then I went on stage and my leg was shaking. Shaking from the pain.


Yeah. Yeah. And it looked like I was terrified to be up there. Like, I'm so nervous. The Show went great. People probably didn't even notice if they didn't weren't in the front row and see my legs shaking. Yeah. But, so you got this Netflix special thing coming up. Yeah. That's Saturday Night. You film it already? No. You're Gonna live. It's live. It's live. It's Live Saturday night, dude. Like I, where do I find it on Netflix? It'll Be on Netflix. Okay. Saturday night. Yeah. Yeah. I'm Excited to see that. It's gonna be fun. I was actually kind looking at some stuff like knowing, you know, like a few weeks, months, a month in advance. I'd be here. I'm like, I wanna see some, some of Joe Rogan's like comedy shit. but I couldn't find a lot of like recent Stuff. I'm gonna put some of it online today. Okay. I have a clip that Netflix sent today that I'm gonna put online. but I haven't done a special in six years. 'cause I was supposed to do a special right when the pandemic broke out.


Okay. So the pandemic broke out in March. And I was gonna do a special in August and then everything just shut down. I was like, I was, oh, what the fuck? And so, and then I just came here, moved, bought a club, started building my own club. Oh yeah. This Saturday. Nine o'clock Saturday, nine o Nine o'clock Texas time. Seven o'clock Nevada time. Okay. We're gonna have a watch party at my house. We Should be Fun. Yeah. I'm gonna have some friends over. Oh, that'll be cool Man. I'm excited for it. Yeah. I've been liking, I've been liking comedy a little bit more lately. Like It's a good relief for a fighter. Yeah. I'm So like, I'm such a like serious guy. They fucking sensitive and serious. you know, I take everything into heart. But I've noticed that like, just opening up and like watching other guys do standup and stuff, it's really fun.


Like just having, just being able to laugh about certain shit Right. Has been really cool, you know? Yeah. Yeah. Actually after I, after all this shit happened, one of the first things I did, Ronnie Chang invited me out to his show. Oh, that's cool. Yeah, he was in town. He does jiujitsu. I don't know if you know that. No. Yeah, dude. How long has he been doing it? A few years now. I think he's a blue belt. Blew a purple belt. Wow. Pretty good. We trained at the pi, we rolled. That's awesome. Super cool. Had some good rounds. He filmed like this little thing that never got released, but yeah, that same, same day. He is like, Hey, I'm having a show tonight in Vegas at the Venetian. Like, come by. I'd love to have you. And.


I went and so cool man. So funny. One of those. Yeah, Sure. Ron is a good dude, man. Yeah. Super. Very super cool. Funny guy. Fan. I love his angry comedy. Yeah. It's so good. He is angry at everybody being so stupid. So stupid. He's like, his napkins part, like, he was like saying something about Americans, like just always so many fucking napkins. Napkins and like screens. Screens. Ah, it's funny. It's very relevant. I love it. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. He's a smart dude. It's a good time for comedy, you know, because also whenever the world is about to be on fire, you know, when everything's going crazy everywhere you look, it's a good time for comedy because there's so much shit to talk about. Yeah.


Damn. So now I'm not gonna do jiujitsu. Don't do it tournament. Please Don't do it. I wouldn't ski either. I'd tell you, don't ski. You're just too close. Yeah, too close. You're too close. You're too close to like, one of the most important things that a combat sports athlete could ever possibly achieve. Yeah. You're so close. Like the UFC champion is the greatest fighter on earth. It's, there's no if, ands or buts about it in that weight class. The UFC champion is the greatest fighter on earth. The only thing that you can contest that is with, okay, one FFC has some elite fighters. Bellator has some elite fighters. PFL has some elite fighters. There's, there's guys out there that are really elite that just so happened to have been signed by or other organizations. Yeah. But MMA fighters at a championship level, you know, ultimately are the best fighters on earth.


Yeah. And you're that close. Yeah. Yeah. So just stay, yeah, stay safe. Just Keep training, man. Keep training, keep training. Stay focused, keep improving. you know, every time I see you, you're better. Yeah. So it's obvious that you, I remember when you came back from Thailand, you fought Eric Anderson. Yeah. Yeah. You love that one. I love it. I love it. 'cause when you bring me up on other podcasts and you talk about that, I'm like, fuck. Yeah. He still remembers that one Dude. Because I had seen you fight before And. I knew you were good, but there was like, something happened. It's like, what the fuck happened? Yeah. Like, this is just monumental, you know, you see like numbers, like you you are, you went up like 30% or something crazy. Yeah. And then even in that fight, yeah. There was like 75 low kicks landed, like, things like that.


It it Was the smoothness to it too. Yeah. It was there. The technique. It changed me, dude. Yeah. Like I mean we talked about it. Yeah. Thailand was like one of the best things for me. And like my heart is still there. There's still a huge connection. Did you go back? I would, I did. I went back after the Smith fight, but I went back for just pure, like, let me just get Reta in And. I went there and then that's where Mia And I, we got married there. Like we had a Thai ceremony. It was really cool. Oh, that's cool. Yeah, so we just kind of like, I hadn't been back since the pandemic, so we went back and just, I needed it, you know, because I'd been focused and just training. Right, right. So I was like, lemme go back home. 'cause it, it feels more home That's Me there than anywhere else.


Well, A lot of people move there just 'cause It's so cheap. Have you seen it? I mean everybody's there now, Man. Yeah. Everybody's there now. So yeah. It's, it's been cool. I've, I still stay active in, in that area home. I've been working on some new stuff. I'm, I'm very excited for whenever I do fight again. 'cause I know it's just, I know it's a better version of me, man. Yeah. Like I'm don don't know. As I, maybe it's like as I get older and just like, I guess where I'm at in my life and the mental shift that I've made towards training and the dedication. Well, I think you, you've had some moments in the past where you weren't like, fully locked in. Yeah. And then, but you've always come back from those and been locked into the next fight. Yeah.


you know, so I think now you realize like, hey, this is it. This is the push for glory. I think one, I don don't know if a lot of people realize this, but I've, I've pretty much spent my entire career in the UFC. When I got into the Ultimate Fighter, I had three professional fights. That's crazy. Yeah, Dude, I got into the Ultimate Fighter three. And oh, I had all my fights in the RFA in the beginning, LFA now at Middle Middleweight. And then Ultimate Fighter Light heavyweight season comes up and I'm like, okay, fuck it. I'll try out. I can make the weight made it then got the contract. So all of my fights besides the first three have been in the UFC So.


like, yeah, there's been some crazy like ups and downs, but I feel like now I'm at a point where, yeah, I, I'm Locked. That is a crazy place to develop. Crazy place to Develop. There's so many guys are coming in now, the UFC, like 21 fights, 21 fights 15 to, oh, you know, like they've, they've built, you know, they've kind of built their style and they've gone through all the adversity before. Then they get to the big show. It's like, no dude, in a way, like, I was kind of born in the big show and Yeah. you know, like as soon as I, as soon as I got into it, Dana was hyped because of my Ultimate Fighter performances. So he started throwing me on like, main cards. you know what I mean? Right, Right, right. you know, I'm on the big show. I'm fighting in arenas already, all this ship and then the go go Kawasaki fight and then, you know, like that was a huge one.


Yeah, dude. So it's, That was a huge one. Yeah. So like, because GoCon had so much hype coming in from, he Had So much, you know, glory Champion K one. Yeah. GoCon was a legend. Yeah. So it's, it's been kind of cool to finally get to that spot where like, I feel good, you know, like I feel good. I'm confident in what I, what I can do. Now I know exactly where I'm going. I'm not like one foot in, one foot out and you know, I got one thing that I'm focused on. And that's being a champion. Well, the work showed in the Anthony Smith fight. It really, did I mean the, this, this trajectory that you're on showed that you're, you're on a new level. Yeah, Dude. New level. You look fucked. New level for sure.


And you know, one thing that it's kind of crazy that helped me for the preparation of that fight. 'cause he took it last minute, 10, 10 days notice. I was scheduled to fight another guy. He got pneumonia, like, kind of the week, week before or something like that. But I did a lot of shooting for that, for that camp. I went shooting and that changed my perspective. 'cause I'm not a guns guy and Oh, It So like shooting at a range. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. And it changed, it just changed a lot. In what way? You know, we were talking about earlier how like, like brilliance and like physical ability and like mental Yeah, I, I'd never, I was never a gun guy.


Like my dad was murdered So like from a young age. I just kind of had this like, weird relationship with guns and Yeah, I've had guns. Yeah. Whatever pulled on me, blah, blah, blah. But when I made that decision to go and like, actually Learn from a guy who was a Navy Seal, had a lot of expertise, had a really good way of like, we spent hours of him just like explaining to me certain things. you know, gun safety, blah, blah, blah, different situations, his mentality, clearing buildings, blah, blah, blah. So I'm taking all this in, all this information and processing it all.


And then I finally start to shoot. And the power that I felt from the gun, you know, just like the, the accuracy that I felt from shooting an AR 15, the understanding of like different caliber of bullets made me start to then formulate how I'm going to strike. Like, you know, like, man, I'm giving away secrets. Fuck it. So even on the a like the Anthony Smith fight, like my left hand, I'm like, okay, my left hand is 5 5 6. That's, that's the ammunition for fucking, you know, ar for ar So.


like, that's how I was kind of processing everything. So every time I threw my left hand, I'm thinking of the sound and the feeling of the ar. Really. I was like Pong P You know. Wow. Wow. Yeah. So I'm like, okay, like feeling the target, whatever. Just kind of like, okay, what do I feel like fucking loading. Okay. Load it. you know, like I'm just thinking about every time I shot the gun, every time I shot the pistol, it's like, I was like, Really? Yeah, dude. Wow. So. like, it was, it, it really, like, I was able to kind of pull from that experience and then bring it into my fight. But then also, not only that, I was also thinking about like, the things that this guy was telling me when it came to like, when they're in combat, when they're clearing buildings and So, like, just emotionally.


It's so crazy. Dude, before that fight, my, my strength and conditioning coach Lorenzo, he's a big, big shooter guy. Ex-military, you know, but big, big on shooting, big on self-defense and the day of the fight, you know, like I'm obviously just in the zone and I'm sitting in the living room 'cause I stay with him during camps and we just do it that way. So I'm like sitting in the living room kind of just shaking back and forth. 'cause I have so much energy and he knows that I've been putting in my experiences from shooting into my training. And it's crazy. I was sitting there, dude, And, I had my hood on too inside. And I'm just like rocking back and forth and he comes and he just fucking sets an AR 15 right there on my lap.


Oh wow. And walks away. Oh wow. I'm just like, just rocking back and forth and I'm Like, yeah, yeah. You know, and then we, and then we drive to the apex from the house and then Wow. Like so the whole, yeah, the whole time. And in my head, even as we're walking out, he's like, 5, 5, 6, 5, 5 6. And I'm like, yeah, yeah, yeah. 5, 5, 6. And then in the first round, and he is like 5, 5, 6. And. I was just, I kept saying that in my head. 5, 5, 6, 5. Faster pong. 5, 5, 6. Wow. And just fucking dude, it was crazy. That's an interesting visualization tool. Yeah. Because you think about it, like that's really how you want your strikes to land. Yeah. You want them to be almost instantaneous from the time you pull the trigger. From the time you pull the trigger. Yeah. Yep.


And you like, What's your right hand? Right hand was wasn't even a weapon. It was like, I wasn't looking at it like that. It was kind of more like range, really. Yeah. Rangefinder. But I'd say like, I'd say that when I did throw the jab, it was probably everything for that like was 5, 5, 6. So even my jab, I threw some pretty clean jabs in there. Yeah. but I, I wanted it to land straight, accurate, and like fast. And so it wasn't like, you know, shotgun. I'm not like, oh, boom, boom. No, I'm thinking like, I'm thinking of the sound, the reaction. Precision. The precision. Instantaneous. Instantaneous. Yeah. you know what I mean? Like not a lot of recoil.


Right. Just like pop. Yeah. Sting St. Stink. Like, just like that. That's interesting to visualize it that way, you know, because you know, sometimes you see guys throwing punches at a lower level and you see them like grit and swing and everything's wide and Yeah. Hoping it lands. Yeah. No, I was very intentional with every, every movement, every strike in that fight. So far, that's my favorite one. Before that, it was Eric Anders. 'cause it was like, oh, got to do some Muay Thai. But this one new shit, this one, I still got to throw some, you know, tie style type of stuff. As soon as like, my posture kind of relaxed. I remember one of the commentators like, oh, here comes the tie.


you know? Yeah. And I was like, okay. So that was cool. but I think the, you know, the weapon kind of mentality for me was, was nice. That's interesting. Yeah. That's a great way to think about it, really, you know? Yeah. It's a great way to visualize like the instantaneous response. Yeah. Yeah. But that's me, dude. Every time, every fight, something different. Like I, that's the art side of me for Martial Arts. Right. You know, that's how I'm able to stay in this. That's how I'm able to grow. It's, it's more than fighting, it's more than ego. It's more than my dick's bigger than yours, you know? Like, I don't like that. To me, that shit, fuck it. Like, that's why's kind of hard for me too, to like position myself in the right way and like build the fan base and like have the income and stuff like that.


I think like that I could potentially have, right. I'm more of an artist because I'm using, you know, I need it like Right. I'm naturally an artist. So I like, I need to find ways to, like, how do I express this? So every fight's different because I'm just trying to find a different way to express myself and like what I'm going through and how I'm feeling. you know, what I mean That comes out in fights. Art really. It, it is the right term. When people call it martial arts and you know, people have had arguments, like that's not an art. It's an art to people who understand it. Because when you watch a person land a beautiful combination, that's artwork. Yeah. That's like, Ooh, it's Pretty. It's like, oh yeah.


Oh, it's pretty. Yeah, yeah, yeah. you know, you watch someone land something good, it's like, that's pretty, yeah. You know, And, I, I don't, I don't see a lot of it as much anymore. I think that's why I'm, I haven't, I've been watching fights for different reasons nowadays. you know, like I'm watching light heavyweights fight, I'm watching Heavyweights fight and I'm just trying to see like, okay, what's kind of the common theme? What's everybody kind of working on? But that's why I used to like to watch, you know, Anderson and Lyoto and all these guys because it was just so a different time. They were bringing this kind of like fresh new look and Yes. you know, this different thing versus, Well, Anderson in particular, he was an artist. Oh yeah, for sure. Like when he ran that front kick to Vito's face.


Yeah. Like that was a piece of art. Beautiful piece of art. Beautiful. And it's just the timing involved in that. And then just expression B, just landing it. Setting it up. Yep. Have you thought about going to middleweight? I have. What Do you walk around at? Well, I mean right now, like under two 30, over two 20, over two 20. So I'm like, I, I float in between the 2 22. So you're not at an enormous light heavyweight? No, no, no. I'm probably one of the shorter ones. Yeah, for sure. And I thought about middle weight, but like, I've done that DEXA scan thing at the Pi and my body with like, just dent, like no water, just bone and bone and muscle.


It's 180 6. Oh God. So you gotta get to death's door. Yeah. So I've done it like the beginning of my career and in the amateur days, I did fight at 180 5, but it was, it was hell. And so now like, I Like to eat, man. Yeah. And obviously you're doing great. Yeah. And, I like to train. I like to eat. I Think there should be way more weight classes. I really, really do. Yeah. I think there should be one every 10 pounds. Yeah. Minimum. That. That'd be nice. Look at boxing. Yeah. There's a reason why there's a 1 47 and a 1 54 and a one 60. It's because there really is a difference between a, a legitimate in their prime. 1 54 and a one 60. Yeah, For Sure. People. It's just, that's how it should be. And when you get a gap like 85 to 2 0 5, that's crazy's big. Too. Big, big yeah's a big gap.


It's too big. That's a really big Gap. It's too big. Yeah. And then another 25 pounds I mean, or, you know, 2 0 5 to 2 65 is nuts. This Weight cutting. It's trash. Dude, I don't like it. I don't, I still like, okay, so I'm, I walk around 2 20, 2 30, blah, blah, blah. but I still don't necessarily cut weight. Like, I make sure that I gradually go down. I keep my food consumption the same all the way through camp. Really the only thing that changes is my intensity goes up, which causes my weight to go down. Oh. So I sit in the sa, that's perfect. I sit in the sauna 30 minutes maximum. Oh, that's great. To lose one pound. So that's why you're so physically From Perfect when you're fighting.


Yeah, Dude, don don't. Yeah. And that's why like, I'm five rounds for me, like, I feel like it's gonna be nothing. Mm. Because you're not hydrating trained year round at the weight. When I rehydrate, I'm back up to 2 25, blah, blah, blah. Where I am used to carrying my weight. Right. So when I'm doing all my drills, when I'm running and when I'm jumping and when I'm doing all of the stuff that I'm doing to get better physically, that same person is the same person that's stepping in the cage. Mm. I hate the idea of like expecting yourself to perform at the highest level, but for the last two weeks or something. Like you're depleting and then the last day before you expect to be at the height of physical performance. You're dehydrating your body and your brain and everything of everything.


That just doesn't, it's a terrible way, it doesn't make sense to me. you know? It be illegal, you know? It should be. I, I honestly, like, I don't fuck with cutting weight. It's just it. That's great. you know, like, I just don't, I don't like it. I don't think that it gives anybody the advantage. I really don't like a guy who's, you know, oh, I'm gonna cut down to 1 55. Like, what do you walk around one 90? You're fucking stupid. you know? Like, it's like, yeah, you're gonna be the bigger guy who cares. Like, you know what I mean? Like, we Are also going to not be able to take shots as well. You're not gonna be able to take shots as well long term. Like, if you really want to do this, if you really want to be doing this long term, it's not gonna be good for you. you know what I mean? Like Right. I can only imagine that like, at like a, a smaller level, like, or like at a deeper level, it's probably bad for your body.


You know? Do you think there's a reasonable way to stop weight cutting? Because when dumb be me bought the UFC. Yeah. I had a conversation with Ari. Yeah. And I told him, you know what I would do? I was like, this is what I would do. if I was running the show, I'd get rid of weight cutting. I'd figure out a way. He's like, how, what would you do about the weight class? I'd go blow 'em up. Blow 'em up. The stars are the most important thing anyway. No one's gonna give a fuck. If Alex Beda is the champion at 2 25 or two 10 or 2 0 5, no one gives a fuck. Yeah. He's the champion. Right. We all know he is the champion. So let's find out what he actually weighs. What do you weigh when you're healthy? What do you weigh when you're healthy and lean like you do when you get down to 2 0 6 or 2 0 7 when right before you cut the last pound or two of weight, what do you weigh?


Let's find that out. And that's what you should be fighting at. We should have adequate weight classes so that like you don't have an elite fighter that's starving himself to get to a lower weight class because he is really not big enough to compete at the 20 pounds above weight class. Yeah. And this is, I know that one instituted some sort of hydration testing. Yeah. That's the bullshit. Yeah. That's what, what do you hear about it? So I, I don't, I can't, I can't give like an educated, like, I don't have all the facts right now, but from what I've heard is that like it's from the fighters that I have, like friends in one, they just say like, it's bullshit. And there's also like ways around it. Like they can, for instance, like they test your, the hydration Right.


In your, in your urine to be able to be like, okay, if you're, if I, if we detect that you're dehydrated, then that proves that you're cutting weight. Right. But a lot of these guys will dehydrate, they'll cut weight and then they'll chug a bunch of water and just hold their piss. Mm. You get what I mean. Right. So. like, just so that when, whatever don don't know. It's really weird, but it doesn't seem to really Be like, so there's some shenanigans. There's some shenanigans. I think that one thing that people that they could do as far as this weight cutting thing, just how they randomly test us. We don't know when you shot us coming or we don't know when the anti-doping is coming. Weigh us too. Yes. And we have to be in between X amount. Give us like a 10 pound allowance. Right. you know what I mean?


So it's not like you fight at 1 55. But when we came and tested you year one 90, When Alex fought Izzy, he weighed in at 85. Yeah. And then he made it into the cage at 2 26. 2 26. Yeah. Nuts. Yeah. Nuts. Which is, it's crazy. But that's like, That's 40 pounds, Man. That's so much depletion. That's so crazy. That's so crazy. That's so crazy. you know what I mean? Like yeah. He gained a lot of weight, but also like how much, let's look at the other side of that. How much did he did deplete the day before? He's supposed to fight Israel. Sia, the heavyweight, the, or the middleweight fucking champion. And when Izzy knocked him out, maybe that had a Factor. I know. I'm almost positive that a lot of these knockouts and shit do happen from weight cuts.


Yeah. I think so, man. I think so too. Yeah. And then like, our ability to go X amount of rounds, blah, blah, blah. Like I think that the, it all plays a factor, man. Especially with the inability to use IVs. Yeah. Because they say that the brain takes the longest time to rehydrate. You rehydrate your body in 24 hours, but your brain takes like 48. Yeah. They do a good job at like giving us all the stuff, you know, like all these liquids and things like that. Like They do their job. The UFC always does their job, but there can be, there can be some type of change made. Hopefully there is, you know, No one is thinking about it at all. There's no attempts at all to do it. It's just the culture. Yeah. They're just like, people are just, okay, this is what we do. Yeah. This is the Culture.


I mean. It's happened that way for so long that they just have this in their head. Yeah. Why would they change it? Yeah. I, why would they change it? There's a lot of things that could be done differently. And, I. Think the hydration thing is a real big one. I think that's a, that's a giant one because it does, it's, it's so bad for the performance of the athletes. 'cause it's gonna weaken you 100%. Yeah. Even if you victorious, you look awesome. You look less awesome than you would look if you didn't have to dehydrate yourself 24 hours ago, period. Yeah. Also more dangerous. Also, kidney problems. Yeah. Organs shut down. And the instances that I know that people have died from MMA, there was one in Russia where a guy died from a fight that apparently he had like some sort of preexisting condition, but I know of at least two guys who died in Brazil from weight cutting.


Wow. Yeah. We see it, right? These, we see these guys. I have to pull out the night before or whatever because they, or the day of. Yeah. I think a lot of it's because of the weight cuts. Speaking of hydration, try this man. What's This? This is my drink. Kill Cliff. Kill Cliff Octane. CCB D. Oh, I have to read the ingredients. Oh, I think It's okay. Dana takes it. Dana drinks it. It's legit. It's good. That's a spicy, this is yours. Spicy cherry. Yeah. Your company? Yeah. My, well I'm one of the owners of the company, but this one I came up with me and my friend Cam. This one's called Elk blood. Elk Blood. Spicy cherry. It's good. Cheers. But this is all cheers. This is all legit clean ingredients and 25 milligrams of CBD taste great. Not too sweet, right? No, not too sweet at all. No Spice to it.


Yeah, I think that's great. If the UFC was gonna do anything differently, that would be the first one that I would say. The second one that I would say Pay structure. Pay structure. For Sure. I knew, I heard you talk about that before. Yeah. Yeah. They should be getting more money. A hundred percent or not also, I don't like the wind bonus thing. No, that's, that's what I meant. That's what I meant. Like I think, I think the wind bonus thing is like, I hate It. It does suck. I did hear you talk about that. I forgot what episode I think it was with Francis. Yeah. Yeah. I, I, I agree man. It's, it's pretty rough, you know, like, especially With bad decisions. Yeah. It sucks. Like bad decisions and then like you get half your money. Crazy half. Yeah. Crazy. Ah, dude, half. Yeah, Yeah, yeah.


Especially a split decision half. Yeah. That's nuts. Yeah. I, you know, like I am, I'm grateful whatever for, you know, what I make. but I do think that it'd be a lot nicer to just not have to pave or, you know, fight for win and show. That's why The other thing that they need to do, And I really think this could be done. Cover the tips of the fingers. Yeah. There's no reason why these fingers need to be exposed. Okay. So I've been testing, I, it's, it's been pretty cool. I've been the guy testing all of the new gloves, like with the, with ember from the UFC. One of the slight changes that they've made is the padding in the glove provides a little bit more curvature Right.


Towards the fingers. But yes, covering the fingers I think would be something that would prevent all the I pokes. That's one of, I think the, I poke right now is probably the scariest thing in MMA. Yeah, I agree. Getting poked in the eye is going blind. I got poked at the last camp actually preparing for, for Jamal Hill. And like, it cut the entire eye. Like top eyelid And I was like, this is the scariest shit ever. Yeah. I think that should definitely be, it's something addressed, but it's not gonna happen anytime soon because all these new gloves, like the Production, I know. I don't get it. you know, when they said they were gonna have new, they, they seem real similar to me.


Trevor Whitman, in my opinion, has the best gloves. The Onyx, huh? Yeah. I mean they're the best MMA gloves. Yeah. And they, they had some sort of a, there was some negotiation with Trevor, but he wanted more money than they were willing to give. Apparently it was a lot of money. I don't know. but I think it should be different than that. Even. I think it should be like the Trevor Whitman gloves. But where the fingertips are, I think you cover it with just a piece of Leather. Just the leather. Yeah. Yeah. With like a little sliver you can just, yeah. Yeah. So it goes and because you can still Grapple. Yes. You just can't spread the fingers. Exactly. Why would You spread the fingers Anyway? Like, almost like mittens. Exactly. Like mittens. Exactly like Mittens. But yeah, you just, it's a piece of leather. Yeah. So if you wanted to hit someone with their knuckles, you still could then you still Have to worry about the thumb. Yeah. But that's gonna cut down. Think about the percentage that'll cut down on finger pokes.


Yeah. Because a lot of them are this. Yeah. Right. We see Very, we don't see a lot of thumb. So If it's this, but if it has that, then it's not gonna go in the eye. Yeah. If it's a cover and the cover, like, you never grapple like this. Yeah. You never close your fingers together. Ever. So what, what would it prevent And grappling nothing. Yeah. What would it prevent? And striking nothing. But it would prevent I pokes. Yeah. It seems like a pretty clear solution. Yeah. I I It's just crazy like, like anything. Right. There's just a lot of like, just like politics and Yeah. I think that that is one of the things that could have been changed. I don't know why or who at the round table was like, Yeah, don don't know either. We've Heard all the time, we know that eye poking is a thing, but let's make the same glove and just do it, you know, a little bit differently.


Well, It's better. Everybody says it's better. Yeah. It's better. But it's, it's lighter. It's not perfect. Is it lighter? How much? It's lighter. It's 3.50. Half ounce. Yeah. Half Ounce. Lighter wrist is a little bit different. Like the strap's different. The inside of the knuckle part here is padded. Now So, like, if you do throw like a hook at that, it's like, it kind of makes me want to punch like knife style. Right, Right, right, Right. Is your hands more protected? Yeah. Hands more protected. You can feel the, the half ounce or like the, you can feel that really, you can feel the difference. I can at least. That's crazy. Yeah. So yeah, it's a, it's I mean.


It's, it's a decent glove. The only thing that we kind of had some issues with in the beginning, if you guys saw in the Cheb fight, the logo was coming off. Oh, Really? Interesting. Yeah. So I've been testing that and kind of just doing round after round of just like in the cage, you know, rubbing it on the canvas, rubbing it on the cage, you know, getting it wet, Vaseline, whatever, to just make sure that these logos don't come off. 'cause that we can't have that. Right, Right, right. And that's huh? Yeah. Yeah. But overall They look cooler. Yeah. Yeah. The gold ones look cool. The Gold ones are the world contender ones are gonna be really cool world. Yeah. But the gold ones, the gold ones are cool.


Oh, the gold ones are so cool. Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty nice. Yeah. There it is. That's the new, that's the new new Glo. See the contender one, the baby blue. Yeah. That's pretty sick. It is Cool. It reminds me of the pride when they had the blue, blue gloves. Pride gloves were great too. Yeah. Yeah. Pride Gloves. The pride gloves also curved more. Yeah. They, they curved more. And you saw very few eye pokes in Pride. Yeah. Who was that? What's that guy? Something with an IE something? Yeah, they, they were good. They were good gloves. But we'll see man. We'll see, you know, hopefully probably five years, five more years. but I don't know how long it took them to change the glove. I know it took a long ass time. I don't think they're gonna do anything different, honestly. Yeah. I think they're just gonna keep it this way.


But I mean how many fights get stopped because of, I pokes a lot. I mean, look, the rematch with Al Muhammad and Leon Edwards, they had to have a rematch because the And I poked in the first fight. Bad guy. I poked Real bad. you know, one thing that I did wanna mention too is I had this discussion with a friend, you know, when these remember like the Drew Dober fight and that that cut. Yeah. And there was a fight before too. Like some guy, like, that eye was just like hanging, like the eyebrow was just hanging by a thread. One thing that would be cool is when these moments happen and when this doc, when these doctors come in to check, obviously as fighters, we're going to want to keep going. Most of us, because We gotta win and show money.


We need that shit. We need that win money. Right. But it'd be nice if they like brought, you know, a, a coach as well to be able to kind of help call the shots, not just the doctor. You get what I mean. Like Hmm. I think that having coaches in your corner is a very important thing for many reasons. Right. They kind of keep us in line, give us advice, what we're doing, things that they see. but I think there are times man, where like some people should have that coach that's like, dude enough. Right. Right. Enough. Right. Especially If you care about the longevity of the fighter. Right. A the other fights fights I don.


I don't think that there's enough coaches In the sport that are like showing this kind of level of like, care or concern for their fighters. One thing that I appreciate about my coaches in my corner is they're like, dude, when you're done with this, we don't want you slurring. Right. We don't want you fucking drooling. Right. you know, we don't want you limping. Right. Like, you gotta get out of like, you gotta be done with this healthy so that you can continue to live a normal life. Right. This isn't the only thing. Right. you know, and I'm like, wow, that's a good perspective. So. like, Like when you're done, you're in your forties, right? Yeah. And then you have Yeah. If you're Lucky, you got 60 more years of life. Yeah. Yeah. Keep your teeth, keep, you know what I mean. Like, fuck, it doesn't have to be that way. Right. you know, you don't have to be this fucking barbarian.


Right. So I think that like for instance, like if I had a cut like that, obviously I'm gonna want to keep going, but that's a bad fucking cut. Right. That's like moments away from like, your eyes going to be exposed if you get punched one more time. Right. Depending on your opponent So like having, having like a another person to kind of be able to come in and tell the fight, like, dude, look, it's over. It's over. Yeah. Because we care about you and Yeah. You need your money. And I like, yeah, but like, let me make this call. Yeah. Not the doctor. Or, you know, what I mean? Right. Or the coach can be like, Hey, like there's a minute left, or blah, blah, blah. Tell the doctor we fucking got this. you know what I mean? Right. Right. Allow the coach to come in at that moment too. I think it would be like, That makes sense.


But They're not medical professionals. And, I, I don know. There's a lot of lines that, you know, Probably. Yeah. Well, it's also, you go different athletic admissions have different standards. Right. New York is notoriously rough. They stop things quicker. Yeah. They, they, they stop weight cuts quicker. you know, New York has had a, a bunch of different issues with people cutting weight. Mm. That's where Hamza, when Hamza missed weight by eight pounds, they stopped him from cutting weight. Oh, was it the commission Was that, was that New York? I dunno if that was New York. New York was definitely Max Holloway when Max Holloway was supposed to fight Khabib. And the, I think the last minute they pulled him outta the weight cut and they said, you can't do it.


'cause Max wasn't supposed to be fighting at all. That was when Tony Ferguson blew his knee out. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Damn. I didn't know it was the commission that, that like, made that decision. Yes, the commission made the decision, but that was the early days of the UFC being in Madison Square Garden as well. Okay. It was, you know, you know, you gotta realize New York was so fucking corrupt. Yeah. He kept MMA outta New York forever. Forever. And then the guy who kept it out wound up going to jail for corruption. Shocker. Shocker. Crazy. But yeah, that, that was a, a weight cut issue. Max was supposed to be fighting Khabib. Wow. Yeah. Which would've been why Old. Oh My God. Yeah. Especially now watching Max now and Max is another one.


Like people, because Max lost to Vul Kovski, you know, people just sort of wrote, wrote Max off and said, oh, max passed his prime. Like, nope. Yeah. Nope. Max is better than ever that last fight. do You, how do, do you think that we as UFC fighters should be able to like, fight in like more like boxing or Muay Hai type shit? Like outside of the UFC? Well, it depends, you know, if, if it's a guy like you, I would say no, you're too close. Okay. But if it's a guy who is like coming up in the UFC Yeah. And he gets a, you know, you're only fighting him once every six months anyway. Yeah. And he gets a possible moay Thai fight if that guy blows his knee out or that's on him.


Yeah. you know, that's his, his decision if he wants to stay active and do these other things as well. Sure. Yeah. But once you become like super close su and also super valuable. Yeah. Like you're a, you're a star now. Yeah. And in the UFC, there's only a few guys like you that are not just stars, but win in spectacular fashion. Right. That's like, I'd be like, no, you're not boxing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, no, no, no, no, no. And look what it did to Connor. Like it completely derailed Connor's career. Sure. He made a hundred million dollars fighting Floyd Mayer. Yeah, sure, sure. It made him a huge star. I'm sure he would do it all over again if he could do it again. But the reality is, you go back to the Connor that beat Eddie Alvarez.


The, the con I mean that Connor was what? A Connor a motherfucker. What A, yeah. He was a motherfucker. Dude. What? I wish we had that guy still. Man, I Watched that, that finishing combination again today. The Eddie Alvarez one. Yeah, we, Me too. Eddie's punch comes Slow motion. Did you watch it? His slow motion? Yeah. It's the fucking algorithm. Eddie Connor's got his eyes wide open, Wide open. Look, look, look, Look, look, look at the punch. Comes to his nose. Dude touches the nose. And look At this, this counter. This counter. So nice. Oh my God. Right behind the ear. Yeah. It's a perfect counter. It just rocks at he the tiny. Look At that dude. He didn't even break eye contact. He's still looking at him. Exactly. And then the right hook. Look at this. Bing. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness.


Yeah. It was so crazy that that got fed to me. Oh, my way here. Yeah. That's Crazy. Just popped Up, Brandon. Well, this has been going around today. Yeah. Prime McGregor was so smooth. Look at that. I'm even smoother now. He says, yeah, I wish that was true. Yeah. Same dude. Damn. I wish that was true. But I mean, maybe he is. Maybe he is. And we just need to see him fight again. you know, it's been a couple of years. I Really hope So like I hope so too. I would to be able to still get the feeling of seeing Connor do amazing shit. you Know? And by the way, I fully support him pulling outta that fight, that Last fight. Yeah. Yeah. Dude, don't fight with a broken toe. No, that's crazy. Like, people say toe, like whatever, it's people that are gonna talk their shit. But like, did you stub your toe and you're crying about it for five minutes.


So imagine having a broken toe. Exactly. you know, like, it's not, yeah. And, but Meanwhile, when Alex fought Jamal, apparently he had a broken toe. What was it Broken, broken or was it It Was broken. Broken. Really? He had a broken pinky toe going into that fight. Going into it. Yeah. Oh, I mean, well, Shama, Shama. Shama. Hey, I mean. Hey, Shaa. That guy is, That's all I can say to that. He's ready to Go. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my God. Is he The guy that you think about when you train? Yeah. 100%. It's like, I never, okay. When I started this, when I started MMA, I had a dream. I had a dream of meeting Anderson s Sova.


And that dream came true. Like, I, I just had a feeling, I had a dream. I'm like, man, I wanna meet this guy. I wanna fight this guy. Something I just wanna be involved with. This guy. Met him, lived with him, was in his wedding, you know, like all that stuff. And like, okay, cool. And since then, I haven't had a real, like a dream, like a, a vivid dream until I started seeing Peda come into the light heavyweight division and, you know, all these things. And like now, yeah. I have a dream. And like, my dream is to put on like a very, very memorable fight against this guy. Like, something that like, no matter what, the fans are gonna fucking love it. It's gonna be memorable. It's gonna hopefully go down in the hall of fame one day.


you know, like something like that, you know, like it's, yeah. So yeah, it's the guy that I think about at the moment and, you know, and my motivation to train and to get better and to be a better person, to be a better man. It's like, I'm fucking grateful for the guy in a way, you know what I I mean. Right. Like, it's not a disrespect thing. It's more of like, fuck yeah. Thank you for giving me something to like wake up for every morning, You know? Right. For being so dominant. Yeah. For being. So that is the thing about when you have an incredible champion, it really does make everyone inspired. It, it makes people rise. Yeah. It your skills. Have you, did you ever watch VA to fight in, in glory? No.


Artem OV is the last guy to beat to beat Alex and Glory. And he's nasty. Okay. He's his Russian kickboxer. He's really, really fucking good. Yeah. Super technical. Those Kickboxers are crazy, dude. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Gloria's, it's, Gloria is the most, in my opinion, it's the most underrated and underappreciated of all the combat sports because the level that those guys are fighting at is so high. Yeah. I remember when I listened to when your episode with, with Ana and you were talking about Cedric Dunay. Yes. I mean, I trained with him a little bit when I was living in Europe. And I walked into this gym. Joe, I'm not even lying, dude.


I probably trained there twice. And I was like, I can't, I'm not fucking built for this. Really? At that, at that time. Like at that time. Wow. I was still young. Wow. This was, I think it was, could have been, it was around the go Kawasaki fight, maybe before or after. but I walked into this gym in Belgium and it was just full of dogs. And Cedric was there and he was training. And the way that these guys were just drilling, I was fucked up my legs, my arms. 'cause they're, they're blocking and their offense, defense drills are full speed. You know what I mean? Big gloves, shin guards. But they're like, wha wha bong. And then back and forth and back and forth and back and forth forth full speed. Full speed, back and forth.


And it's just nonstop. I think the class was like an hour and a half, or their training session was like an hour and a half, something like that. And I remember leaving and walking home in the cold. And I was just like, I'm supposed to fucking, you know, and they, they knew like, oh, this guy's a UFC fighter, blah, blah, blah, So. like, I was like, fuck, I have to show up tomorrow. I fucking told them that I came here to train. Right. I came all the way to Belgium to train, show up the next day or whatever, a couple days later, do it again. And I'm like, dude, don, don't think I can come back. Like, fuck this. Wow. So the way that these guys are training that are like aspiring glory fighters and, you know, current glory fighters, it's a different level, man. Wow. It's a different level of ability of like, what they can take, you know what I mean?


Like just like pain tolerance and just like their routine and just what they're conditioned for now. Mm. Yeah. It's a's a Whole different level. What's a different between the way they train? The way the ties train? Okay. So I'd say like, ties don't necessarily spar hard at all. I don't know of a place that I've, like, I haven't seen ties like full on spar. It's very like lighthearted and more like playful, playful and skill and things like that. A lot more, a lot more bag work, a lot more attention to balance and defense.


And then on the pads, it's a lot less combinations. Mm. Like, it's not like da da da ta. It's not, it's not like that really. That's why it's very cringe to me when I come back to America. And I, see these guys who are teaching Muay Hai and it's like these seven punch combinations just because it's punching and kicking and you're throwing in knees and elbows doesn't make it Muay Hai. you know what I mean? Like, it's not, it's not the same essence in my opinion. So how Do they hold pads over there? Like what Are the combinations? It's So. like for instance, like when I was, when I was training my trainer, it's like, it's more of like, he's drawing out what he kind of wants to see from me based off of my position and like how I'm standing and where I'm standing.


So he'll, he'll have his distance and he'll kind of sometimes won't even really tell me what to do. He'll just kind of like insinuate like, ah, like body kick boom. And then however I land, then maybe he'll hold the right hand and then boom. However I land after that, maybe hold the hook and then from the hook, and then maybe he will hold the leg kick. But it kind of depends on like, where am I at? Right. you know, like, what's my position? He's not like, okay, jab, cross hook, low kick. Oh, it, it's more based off of your fighter. How does your fighter flow? Right. do you know what I mean? So like in that distance. If I'm, if he's like telling, if he's just like, 'cause my trainers didn't speak English at all. I had to kind of like learn to adapt.


So he would just be like, kind of like doing this. Like, okay, slow down, relax, calm. So I'm like, okay, relax. And then he'll quickly like, nah. And then I have to kick boom. And then he'll be like, two And, I, boom, boom. And then he'll like, okay, relax, punch, boom, elbow, boom. Like, it's just kind of calling out these reactions, not giving me this like eight punch combo, four punch combo. Okay. In with no, it's just a lot more instinct. Mm. It's a lot more like stay calm, stay relaxed, and when you attack, I don't want to see that you're about to attack me. I need it to come quick. And like, And I need you to go right back to a relaxed. Yeah.


I need to go right back to a relaxed position, you know? And so do you feel like this kind of pad holding is more applicable for an actual fight? Like develop Developing skills? I think so. I mean, like, especially if you want to kick or punch or do anything at like a full power. Right. Because I do notice that like, like from the tie pad work, that's where you practice your power. That's where it like the, the, the on the bag and on the pads it's more power. Right? It's less, like, boxing is more like focus mitts. You don't really do power with boxing on, on mitts. But with like, with Muay Hai, it's like, this is my chance to be like, how, how effective is my left kick at a hundred percent?


you know? Right. And, I'm like trusting this guy to be able to, to catch it for me. Mm. So I, I prefer it. I like, I prefer the, the, the, the true essence and the true martial art of, of Muay Hai because it's, it's when you, when you kind of understand it and when you've kind of learned it from, you know, like just different traditions and like different lineages, it's like you can, you can pick up on things that you're like, okay, now, okay, yeah, this is, this is, I can fucking ruin someone. you know what I mean? Like, like if I, if I like relaxed right here and I'm standing just like in arm's length of this guy, And, I just want to really blast a kick and be on balance. I could ruin this guy. you know?


You also Were telling me that they changed the way you were kicking. Yeah. So everyone, like, everyone has their own way. It's like if you go to a Juujitsu school and like an arm bar is an arm bar, but people have different ways of like, setting it up or Right. More effective to, to get it. The, the biggest thing that kind of helped me was for one, like a lot of people when they kick, they lean back to kind of counterbalance that weight. And my trainer always told me, like, he always had me like drive, like drive my pressure forward. I actually wish that I was fucking training with you while I was here. Side note, I was like, damn, dude. Sick to fucking to show some stuff through Rogan.


But anyway, he was showing me like next time. Yeah. Yeah. I got A whole gym Here. Yeah. I saw it. It's probably way better now than, oh, it's crazy. Yeah. Because you had just moved in here, but kind of like this more like forward projection, So, like all of my weight amp plus the kick moving forward versus standing stationary, lifting my and going backward. Right. you know, like, there's like a no tilting, the turning of the hips, like kicking with the shin and not the foot. Like, so there's a lot of little details that go into like making these things happen, you know? And also the speed of the kick. like a lot, a big problem that I see in MMA for sure is that like, man, I can see kicks coming from a mile away.


Right. Because there's just so much just to get your leg up, you should just be able to fucking whip it and it still be as powerful and as effective. Yeah. You Were saying something about the smoothness of the, they, they taught you how to relax more when you're throwing Kicks. I have like, you have to relax like the kicks, the, the leg is the heaviest limb on the body, you know, and just like, if you want to knock someone out, you don't want, you don't wanna tense up first. You gotta be relaxed. It's gotta be swift. So it's kind of like, in order to lift your leg, to throw it at a full speed and to like, and to, for it to be accurate, you gotta be relaxed. You have to. And how much of that is like when, when you're training, how much of your training when you're working on technique is kicking the bag?


How much of it's kicking pads? How much of it's kicking the air? Okay. So I kick the bag a lot. I just, I have a bag in my house and everything's usually like slow just getting my body to move and comfortable with lifting my leg. And it just be effortless. Just the technique? Yeah, just the technique and like the flow and like the feeling. So when you do it at home, like how much warmup do you do before you do anything like that? It kind of is my warmup. So you just do it lightly? Yeah. I just, I do it lightly until my intensity picks up and until I'm like, okay, I'm fucking tired. Right. you know? So I'll start off really slow. Yeah. I post like a video the other day. It's like, of my routine.


Like I just, like, I put on this music like tie country. Oh, Lemme see it. Yeah. It's, yeah, actually if you pull that up, you'll see like, that's kind of my daily, like my daily routine. So I'd say a lot of my training, it's like probably 60% is just like shadow boxing, light bag work, working on balance. Yeah. So just nice. So see, like, what are you listening to Put it on? That's like the classic Time music. Yeah. So trying not like, even here, I'm trying not to lean my head back and try to keep more of like a, a station, like a straight up and down posture while throwing the kick.


It's very hard, but it's like, as you practice it, it only makes the kicks a little bit more effective. So this is at your house? Yeah. This is just like In my garage, however, covers is your bag One 30 And just so you're just setting stuff up? Yeah. Just setting stuff. You touching it? Yeah. Just touch, because like, I, I, I need to know that I can touch it before I need to, like, before I want to blast it. And so that's how you warm up. You warm up just gently kicking. I just do that until I am, I end up like really Sweaty, Going fucking hard on the back. Right, right. you know what I Right, right, right. Until I feel like, okay, I've done this motion enough to where now I can release at 120%. I can just fucking Do you do a lot of stretching? Yeah. I spend probably three to four hours a day.


Stretching. Wow. Yeah. Really? Yeah. Holy shit. It's like one of my hobbies. I, I just, I love it. Like, if I'm not, okay, so when I wake up in the morning, I'll say like sparring, say I have a sparring at 1130, I get to the gym by nine and I'm stretching for two hours. Wow. I use Olympic rings. I love stretching on Olympic rings. I'll put them like, so I hang them at like a, a nice height and I'll put my arms through and they're just like, kind of here. And then I'm like flexing down and it kind of helps elongate my spine. Oh, I'm Practicing like decompressing? Yeah, decompressing. Oh. I'll put it like on the, like under my elbow here.


And I'll kind of like do like the Iron cross and just kind of, I do a lot of just different, like unique type of stretches. And I, do 'em every single day. And I. Just want to make sure that like, my body feels as free as possible. I hate tightness. I fucking hate it. My lower back's so tight right now. And I hate it. you know, that's just one of the, the, the, Oh, I got some shit I could show you for that, Please. Yeah. Yeah. It's, I got, That's like a cool shit here. So yeah, like, I'd say a lot of, a lot of my time in a day is spent stretching. That's crazy. Three to four hours A day. Three to four hours a day. Man. That's Nuts. It's like, sometimes it's two hours and then I'll go train and then later, like an hour before I go to bed, you know? But yeah, a a lot of my time, a lot of my time, my fucking wife was like, oh, where's that at?


In the garage. Fucking stretching. you know what I mean? Like, Well, it kind of makes sense though when you think about how free you are when you're fighting. Like, everything is so fast. Gotta be relaxed fluid. Yeah. Gotta be relaxed. And you have to be loose to do that. Yeah. You have to talk to guys who aren't flexible. Like, I was trying to explain, I was trying to show someone some guard technique. A guy was fighting in the u, I don't wanna say his name, And. I was like, so when you're in this position here, I was showing him how to use a rubber guard. I'm like, so I'm, I'm, I'm in control here. And he's like, I can't get my leg up right there. And I'm like, what do you mean you can't get your leg up right there? It sucks. He's like, oh, just I don't have any flexibility. I'm like, do you stretch? Yeah. It's like, no. I'm like, you don't stretch. You're a world class fighter and you don't stretch.


Yeah. I'm an old comedian and I'm showing you that I can do this. This is crazy. You should be able to do this. Yeah. Like, this is not a thing that's hard to, to do. Rubber guard. Yeah. Yeah. I mean sometimes, like, especially right now, it'd be really hard for me to do rubber guard, but why? Okay. So the other day I was working out, I do these like Saturday workouts. I invite my friends, we do like a kind of bootcamp like circuit thing. Just something for me to stay active and to invite my friends to come, you know, enjoy a healthy lifestyle. I have a friend who's older guy, and he was doing amazing air squats. And I was like, just banter. I was like, you call that a squat?


Anybody in their right mind would've known like, yeah, this is a good fucking squat, you know? But for some reason don don't know what, what's going on that day. But he took it personally and he was like, what? You have the worst fucking squats in here. You fucking, and just like, blew up on me. And I was like, whoa, dude didn't know we were going that route. But since you wanna fucking, you know what I mean since you wanna test the waters. And then I just started fucking air squatting like a maniac and bust out like 80 air squats. like a, my asshole almost touched the ground. you know what I mean? Right. I was just like going full speed and then like, I just, I was kind of like rubbed the wrong way. So I just went hard. And I wasn't really thinking about posture or technique or anything. And I kind of tweaked my back a little bit.


Oh. And then that wasn't the end of the workout. We still had to go and burn a thousand calories on the, on the assault bike. Oh no. So then I hop on the bike and I'm full blast, you know, like, and you, You Know, 40 miles an hour just, and it kept hurting And. I was like, I'm not gonna show these guys that I'm hurt. I'm gonna just, I'm a dog. you know, as I get back on, and by the end of the workout, like I mean, for the past like three days, it's been real hard. Oh, Wow. Real hard. So my lower back right now, and then the day after that I went, And I have to swing the golf club. Like at least four times a four days a week, five days A week. Jamie has one of those things out here. Yeah. Simulator told me. Have you seen that thing? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Jamie's a nut. He's out there all the time. Whacking balls. Yeah. That would, that would definitely inhibit your rubber guard.


But normally you could probably do It right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Normally yeah. You should be able to do that. Yeah. It, it's like if you're on your back, it's, it's a, regardless of what people think, that's a, it's a very effective technique. Yeah. And I've put people in it. I'm like, get out here, let me hold you in there. Try to get Out. Actually not on the topic of rubber guard, but after we're done with this, I'm gonna show you this six sweep thing that I'm working on. Oh, okay. It's like, it's really cool. I'm gonna show it to you. And then when you see me do it in a fight, you're like, holy shit. Oh, all right. Yeah. It's, I'm excited. Unseen. Unheard of. And it's a mixture of like, what I've learned, like some Muay Hai concepts and like, and like yeah. Muay Thai concepts and like methods mixed with what I've been learning in my jiujitsu.


'cause I'm training with a guy who's a black belt under Damian Maya. And so a lot of the juujitsu stuff that I'm working from, like learning from him is amazingly effective, especially for my mentality and like my body style So, Like In my off time and in my stretching and just my artistic mind. I was like, how do I blend these two together? Wow. Got it. Oh wow. So you got an idea. It's sick. Nice. It's sick and it's, how, how Much time do you spend boxing? I don't box a lot. Yeah. I'd say like my pad work, like my MMA pad work is a lot of hands. Not necessarily like boxing. Boxing, just kind of like MMA boxing.


But I mean I would love to do more boxing. I just noticed that when I focus on boxing, like I have in the past, I just get a little bit more flatfooted, you know? And because of my nature and my spirit, I'm just willing to stand and bang like, and just, right, Right, right, Right. you know, and I'm like waiting on counters, And, I'm waiting to roll and I'm like, oh, I'm gonna just wait right here and I'm gonna slip and react and counter. But, so it, it sometimes can put me in a little bit of a bad position. But if I find the right boxing trainer that kind of understands MMA and understands my style, I could see it being effective. but I haven't found that yet. So You just put it all together.


Yeah. That's your thing. Well listen man, I'm bummed out that you're going through all this bullshit, but I'm really excited to see you back in there man. Thanks. I really, really am. Especially after the anthem. Well, I've been a fan for a long time, but the Anthony Smith fight was like, it shows me that you are, you're right there. You're right there. Hope. Thanks. you know Jeff sorted out. Everybody in Nevada State Athletic Commission sorted out. And Hopefully you can call the next one too, right? Oh, come back fight. That'd be amazing. Yeah, I hope So. I really do. I really do. It's always great talking to you brother. Same. And tell everybody your Instagram, social media where, where people can find you. Find me on Instagram, Khalil Roundtree. Just my first and last name.


That's all I got right now. Working on a website. Oh Really? Nice. Yeah, I wanna, I wanna work on a website and just get a little bit more, give some more content, you know, interact with like fans and stuff in a whole different way. Possibly, you know, start to provide more videos and just some more interaction. So all that's process. But for now, just hit me up on Instagram. Beautiful. That's About it. Alright, let's go to the gym. I'm show you some. Shoot It. Alright, Bye everybody. Later.