
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The. Joe Rogan. Experience Train by day. Joe Rogan podcast by night. All day. What's Up Quentin? What's up man? Good to see you, sir. Yeah, good to see. Cheers. Good to be Here. So tell me about your drink. What is this called? It's called F three. Yeah, F three. It's, it's a newer energy drink. It got like supplements and stuff in it. Oh, this is good. Yeah. Ginseng, BCAs Theanine. Okay. Good for the brain. What the hell is theanine? I don't even know what They, it's a nootropic. It's in this gum. Oh, this gum. Neuro gum. Yeah. Yeah. I take a bunch of different brain supplements.


Does it make you dick hard though? No, it doesn't help there. Oh, I've been looking for Stuff. There's other stuff for that, You know, but, but how good would it be if you can drink Dick Hardener? I'm sure they have it. I'm sure there's like a, a Viagra soda somewhere, man. Thailand or some shit. I'm sure in Thailand. Maybe Russia. I'm sure some. See if Jamie Google Dick Hard Soda. You get Carl to sit still for a second? Yes. Can you think about that? You don't have to take a pill, you just drink it. you know, the girls have no idea. There Is, I bet there's like a cocktail that you could buy at a bar. Why you call it cocktail though? Well, that's what they called them. I didn't invent it, but if there was like a cocktail.


Yeah, that's what they would call it. The cocktail. Man. I don't wanna spill all over your table. That's okay. This table looks good with a little bit of stains on it. Find anything I need. I was Dick Hard Soda. It's, It's given me like cocktails that people have, you know? Oh. Made that, That have Viagra in 'em. They're just suggested. No, no, they're just have alcohol and they call 'em like, get your Dick Hard and Oh Yeah. L Viagra. Viagra Falls. Oh. But there's no sodas or anything with vi that probably be, it'd have to be in another country. Yeah. They, they probably wouldn't have that here because You have to have a prescription. That's the only thing. This, this knee, they got everything else. And this, it's green tea. That's where the caffeine come from.


Nice green tea. Yeah. So, and Ginsy too. Yeah. I can drink like two or three Ds a day. It don't bother me. I love it. That's nice. Dude. The first time I saw you fight was in like two oh oh yeah, about 2000. I saw you fight Marvin Eastman. My first fight, my first professional fight. Was That your first professional fight? Yeah. You saw that in King Cage? Yeah. Yep. I was there a lot. You was there at King Case? Yep. Wow. Yeah. You saw me get my ass kicked. You Didn't get your ass kicked. I did, nah. You just lost. Yeah, Miami Easton was fucking good, man. Yeah, I was lied to by the way. Oh really? Yeah, they, they was doing him a favor and they told me the guy was just a kickboxer, you know, I was a wrestler.


I was like, oh, I'm just gonna take this guy down. It was a two weeks notice fight. Oh wow. Yeah. He kickbox too. Yeah. I, I didn't know about the wrestling. I knew he was kickbox. He kicked me in the head. And I was like, damn, that's my only time ever getting kicked in the head. Really? Yeah. My whole career. Go back and watching my fights. I never, that's crazy. I've learned a lesson. Never got kicked in the head again. Wow. Yeah. He could wrestle any good kickbox. Yeah. He And he was built like a tank. Yeah. Yeah. That's why, that's why he was my first fight in, in the UFC. 'cause I don't know if you know about this, but Dana White bought an organization just to get me, 'cause I left Pride And I went to WFA. Oh, okay. And my, my manager at the time, he became like the president of WFA, so he had to stop being my manager.


And I fought in, then the company folded and Dana bought the whole company so I can come over. So this was when you were leaving Pride? Yeah. When Pride, when the UFC had bought Pride. This Was before. Oh, I left the, I left Pride right when they was going down. Mm. When the UFC bought Pride, they thought they were buying a whole organization and they didn't, they didn't get anything but a library. They got a video library. That's all they got. All the contracts were bullshit. Everything was bullshit. That's why they never got Fedor. And that's why I think, well, it's like they honored people's contracts. Some people got great contracts. Like Mark Hunt apparently got a great contract. Alistair, a lot of these guys that came over had great contracts.


But it was Crow Cop. Remember Crow? Yeah. Crow Cop came over. But it was, the whole thing was all fucked up. you know? It was run by the mob. Yeah, It was crazy. What was it like being over there? Man? It was, it was crazy. It was surreal. I remember the first time I noticed that the mob had something to do with pride. I saw these guys walking down the hallway, like when we was doing like the, the piss test. And, I was coming back from the bathroom with my cup. And, I. Just see these guys walk around in like, nice and pencil suits. And then everybody just put their head down, put their back against the wall and just bow. Whoa. I was like, what the fuck is going on? you know, coach is shock. I had no idea. Right. And then after a while I asked somebody like, oh, those, those are the bosses.


Those are the Yer. Did they have missing fingers? Some of 'em. Did you see some of that shit over there? Bro, it was crazy. That is a crazy way to gain entry. Fucking saw your finger off. And. I thought, I thought that I thought that if you did something bad Yeah. If you fucked up. Right. I had a friend, I had a friend out there. His name was 36. And the guy took a liking to me and he was super cool. All tatted up. And I. Guess he was rich as fuck. When he found out I had like a little Japanese kids. He, he, he said, hon, your, your son needs this. And he, it was like a gold Samurai helmet. Oh. He said, your this has to stay in your son's house. And I, I showed it to my, my, my ex-wife. She was my wife at the time.


She said, oh yeah, I was gonna have to get him this. He saved me a lot of money. Then I asked her how, I said, how much is something like this call? He said, oh, she said probably 30, $40,000. Wow. He gave me a gift. He was, and he had like a, a Missing missing pinky finger. Yeah. But he was, but he was a cool dude. What did They do? They chop off one digit or two. How many digits did they Chop off? I just had chopped off the first. Yeah. He just had the first one chopped off. Yeah. It's like, if you fuck up again, then it's the second one. don Don't know. Maybe to go to the other hand. I, I would think, I don't think you would fuck up no more after that though. Would you fuck up twice? I mean you don't fuck up on purpose, I would assume. Yeah. Yeah. You never know about that. I Mean it depends on how strict they are. What is a fuck up? Yeah. For those guys You have no, I have no idea.


It's A crazy culture. It's crazy. I love it though. I could live there. Yeah. Yeah. Because plus I heard that, you know, their population is dying off. They ain't making babies. They're actually asking people to come over there and fuck Man, the fuck I'm doing here. I just got back from there. I was trying to fuck. But, you know, I was trying to be good. 'cause you know, I'm trying to, you know, see somebody, I was trying to be good. So I ain't fuck nothing. I ain't fucked nothing this time. This is the first time I'm gonna Japan. I ain't fuck nothing like God. Trying to be good for once in my life. Do they love Americans over there? Yeah. Oh wow. Tell, tell me, tell me you've been there though. I've only been there for one day. Oh. Just for the UFC and right back home.


How could you do that? How do you go there? Just, that's a long flight. I had to Too busy. Yeah. I just didn't have any time for anything else. But it was beautiful. It's interesting how clean everything is. So clean, orderly. Yeah. And everybody, like so many people walking on the street, nobody's bumping into anybody. Everybody's like, very polite. Yeah, They're very polite. But they're, they're, they're like robots, bro. I remember one time when I was fighting there and this one guy on the other side of the street recognized me, but he wasn't sure. He was riding a bike and he was looking at me and wasn't paying attention where he was going. And he fucking smacked in the back of the truck and fell down this bike. We all was laughing our ass off. But the Japanese people, no one laughed. No one tried to help him up or none of that. He was hurt kind of bad. And I would've went over there and tried to help him, but it was like a busy street.


So I was like, And, I had No one even helped Him. No one even helped him. They just kept walking, just kept walking. One dude stepped over him. Oh. Jesus just kept walking. No one laughed though. That's, that's the thing that fuck me up. We was laughing our ass off. You Don't hear about a lot of Japanese comedians. No, I, I heard that. The ones that They do have, they come from Osaka, not Tokyo. Oh, it's Crazy. Osaka is looser. Yeah. I've been to Osaka before and, and they laughing, cracked jokes. you know, I married a Japanese woman. Right, right. So I, I kind of learned a little bit about them. They, they very serious. Really? Oh yeah. Especially in Tokyo. They very serious. You gotta be careful with jokes and stuff. Like, she, she learned to be fun after a couple years of being with me, then she started joking. Then she actually got pretty good.


I'm like, damn. She started hurting my feelings a little bit. The fuck did I create? But she was good. I remember one time we was joking back and forth and she was laughing. Then I, I made a joke about her dad and she's, don't you joke about my father? I was like, damn, my bad. I thought we was joking. Oh. So they just take everything serious. They don't understand the concept of jokes. you know, our, our movies, our comedy movies Don't go there to Japan. Just our action movies and stuff. Interesting. You Didn't know that. No. Yeah. Makes sense though that they just a different culture. They're more stoic. Yeah. Just a completely different society, you Know? Yeah, yeah. But I'm gonna go over there and, and, and make a whole bunch of babies though. They, they, I, they need me. They. do they need me? They do, I'm gonna make me a bunch of babies.


And, and, and if they boys put 'em in the MMA. Yeah. I think they have a, like a drastic reduction in their population for some reason it's so bad. Some, I, I forget what the guy asked estimated, but there was a, a guy who analyzed all the people that are alive today in Japan and how many of them would have grandchildren? And it's a shockingly low number. I wonder what's, what's the reason though, why? That's a good question. This episode of The Joe Rogan Experience is presented by D Zone. Get ready to see Jake Paul and what could be his toughest fight yet as he faces off against dangerous former UFC and current Bare Knuckle Fighter Mike Perry. And the exclusive rights worldwide D Zone is the only place to watch it.


Watch D Zone on any device. The global home of boxing. Jake Paul versus Mike Perry. July 20th by Pay-per-view. now@dazn.com. Probably. I think they like video games. you know, that's a problem with young people, bro. I love video games too. but I also love pussy. You can do, you know that you can play a couple games then later on at night, get some ass. I don't understand I, don, I think they just locked in. don don't know. don don't know what's going on. I, I, well, I thought it was rejection. Like, like people are so afraid of rejection over there. like a guy go and hit on the girl and she rejects 'em.


Like he probably won't hit on the girl again for like next couple of months or years or something like that. Oh really? It was really bad. Especially if she rejects 'em in front of other people. Oh. So it's an honor thing. I I embarrassment Thing. Yeah. It's an embarrassment thing. I, that's why I kind of think it is. That's why, that's why I think it is Jamie. See if you can find something on Japan's dwindling population. I'm looking because it is kind of crazy. And I got a couple friends that's married out there and, and, and one of my friends, we was just having a conversation. His name is Tyson. He's an African guy and he owns a bar out there. And I've been going to this bar for over 20, 20 something years after all my fights. I used to go to this bar and, and we got to know each other really well. And he was talking, he was saying, he was saying like, if you love a Japanese woman and you marry a Japanese woman, do not get her a pet or kids.


'cause if you get her a pet or kids you never fucking again. I was like, what? I'm like, yeah, but I was married to a Japanese woman. I didn't have that. I didn't have that problem. Maybe it was just him. No, that's what I thought. And then he said, oh, you don't believe me. And he asked the Japanese guys and, and a couple other guys that was there, American guys that's married, they said, yeah. They all said the same story. How weird This was in the AP four weeks ago about birth rate declining and population decline. It says, surveys show young Japanese are increasingly reluctant to marry or have children discouraged by bleak job prospects. The high cost of living, which rises at a faster pace than salaries. And a gender bias, corporate structure or corporate culture that adds an extra burden only on women and working mothers.


Japan's population of more than 125 million is projected to fall by about 30% to 87 million by 27. That's crazy. With four out of every 10 people. 65 years of age or older. Whoa. That's nuts. Yeah. That's a big drop, man. That's doesn't really give a reason why Falls to a record low. Interesting. Yeah. I heard they pant niggas to go over to have babies. Fuck That. Well they're, they're encouraging people to go over there and buy houses too. Apparently it's really easy to buy house and you can get a nice house for like, it's fairly low money. It's safe. Yeah, it's cheap too. Yeah. It's a beautiful culture. I don't think I could ever live any place that doesn't crack jokes.


Yeah. Yeah. I need fun. Yeah. Yeah. I, I'm too used to it. Yeah. you know, I've had fun for too long. But I tell you what though. Those yuccas, are they funny though? They're like Americans. Oh, I'm sure they not like the rest of 'em. Oh yeah. So you, you be hanging around a bunch of those motherfuckers. Yeah, but I don't Wanna fuck up And I like my pinkies. If you're not one of them, they wouldn't fuck with you like that. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe I just hang out with them. I Remember one time I had a meeting with a big yo boss. This guy was the biggest Japanese guy I ever met. He was like, looked like he was like six six. And he was like ripped like twice my size. Very muscular. And when I met him, it was right after I did that Aona slam And I got really popular in Japan.


What year was that? Was that 2003? That was, that was actually 20 years ago. Two. Oh wow. 20 years ago. Because I did on my 2004, I did on my 26th birthday. That dude, that is to this day, the greatest slam in the history of this sport is fucking crazy. And a lesson for everybody that hangs onto a triangle. When a dude's picking you up, All you had to do is let go of my head. All you Had to Do. That's all I had. I couldn't have picked him up. And Other guys did that with you. I forget who tried to get you in a triangle afterwards. It was ventilate. He grabbed my, that's right. He grabbed my leg after that. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. But you know, I did that to Rabo but it didn't knock him out. Mm. I, I slammed him Rabo a couple times. It was from a bar and stuff though. Rabo was so tough. Oh yeah. I saw him a couple weeks ago in here it is right Here, bro.


This is the, the absolute craziest because you threw him over the top of your head like a pillow. I mean it's the greatest, the greatest Koko slam of all time. I thought he was dead. Yeah, I remember watching it. I was like, oh my God. Wait, He didn't hold, he, he didn't hold it back of my head, did he? No, he didn't hold shit. Oh shit. All these years. I thought he was hold. Okay. He, he let it go. He was punching. No, as soon as you get that left hand involved. So he's punching you, you scoop under and get that left hand involved. He's holding on to something. Look At this boom. When you connected your two hands like that and slammed down. Holy shit. Because you think about it, man. You got your whole body like this and he's over the top of your head.


That's so much force. Yeah. That may be the hardest anybody's ever been hit in this sport. Yeah, that was. Yeah. I, because Look at the amount of travel that he does. Yeah, bro. You got him like 12 feet in the air. Yeah. Look at that. And he goes straight. And you were powerful as fuck back then. Yeah. And all the speed and force you're generating. Oh my God. And then you hit his head. Yeah. He head to head. You guys collided heads. Yeah. He headbutted me a lot of people saying I headbutted him. That's what knocked him out. But he was already knocked out. He, he, oh yeah. His head bounced off the, off the canvas and hit my, hit my He he's not gonna stay conscious from that kind of a slam. That's, that's what the craziest slam ever. And He, he didn't fight much after that either, did he? No. You think he was embarrassed or what?


I think he was never the same. I think when a guy gets knocked out like that, it's probably different than any head kick, any knee of the head, bro. Anything. It's a car accident, Bro. I felt bad 'cause he was a great fighter. He was. He really was. He was tough. Had some very good juujitsu. Strong as hell. I was losing that fight up until then. 'cause he was kicking the shit outta my leg. And, I didn't even wanna check that. I didn't even wanna check that his, his kicks was coming so hard. I, I, I fought K one And I fought a lot of kick boxes, but his kicks is the hardest by far. Wow. Really? Yo. Yeah. I was, I was act every time he would kick me I was acting like it didn't hurt. And after the third kick, I remember thinking in my head like, I don't know if I can keep acting like this shit don't hurt. 'cause I didn't wanna show him in my face. Right. But got the hardest leg kicks I ever felt.


Have you seen that new stupid thing that they're doing? Like slap fight? Yeah. Where they leg kick each other? No I haven't. No, no, no, no. I haven't seen that shit. This Is a new one. Have you seen it, Jamie? I didn't. I could send it to you if you want me to. I sent it to Dana. It's, yeah, they're having a slap fight competitions but leg kicks. That's, these dude are standing in front of each other just teeing off leg kicks. That's dangerous. Oh, It's horrible Man. Yeah, that can, did You find it Jamie? I'll send it to you. Have a kill cushion. Here You go. That can fuck you up real bad. Oh, it's rough. It's rough to watch. And some guys are kicking like right, you're supposed to kick the thigh, but some guys are kicking really kinda like right above the knee and buckling and you just stand there. You can't even move.


You have to just eat it. I wouldn't, I, nah, that's not my shit. How you feel about that slap fighting though? I don't, I I'm fully in support of anybody doing whatever the fuck they want to do. I'm like, if you could bull ride, if you could BMX jump and skateboard and all that crazy shit where people breaking their necks. Here it is. They're standing in front of each other. I feel like you should be able to do anything but I wouldn't do it. Oh. Because getting hit is, it should be rare and you should avoid it. Look, look dude kicked them in the leg then grabbed the top of his head. I, yeah. I would've smacked them just for that. I think they're friends. Oh. It's like, sorry bro. you know that that dude tapped out, that last one he tapped out.


Yeah, they're friends. They, they got a bunch of 'em in there. Oh no, I I didn't even hear that. They just stand in front of each other and slam each other in the knee or slam each other in the thigh. Yeah. It's a good time for MMA and all this shit. I saw the, that karate comeback with Boss Ru. Oh yeah, that's that. That's entertaining. Did you see that guy get that scissor kick knocked out? Yes. Rafael de Turner. That guy's badass man. And he fought James Vick. Who? James Vick's been ked a bunch of times now. It's like he might not wanna do this anymore 'cause that one was a bad one. That switch Kick. Yeah. He was out for a while. It looked like it Was horrible. Perfect kick though. Did you see that Jamie? I'll send you that. That shit was incredible. I mean, I'd always wondered when someone was gonna pull that one off in a fight, like kick to the leg and then up kick right Afterwards.


Man, he did that shit perfect. Oh It was flawless. Here's the fight I have to, The KO is so nasty. The karate combat, the whole, that guy Raphael the turn there it is right before that watch, watch this switch. It's so crazy the way he does it. The way he sets it up. He right kicks Boom. I mean perfect. Perfect. Yeah. That was crazy. Knockout crazy. That guy super athletic. I never heard of either of those Guys. He used to fight in the UFC. Oh, I don't know what happened. don don't know why he is not in the UFC anymore. But man, He should go back now.


They're gonna test him. He goes back, they gotta test him. I don't know why he left the UFC don don't know if he had an issue. I'm not sure. Yeah, good fighter though. Yeah. But, but man, that's crazy. It is. It's interesting when you watch it in organizations that test versus don't test too. Right? Yeah. You know, 'cause how do you feel about that? I I have two, two thoughts. One, I like to see older athletes compete. And if you get a guy who's like 35, 36 years old, if you let him juice, if you let him use testosterone, if you just do it sensibly, not crazy. But if he can go to a doctor and make sure it's only administered by a doctor so they're not self-administering and make sure they test him to make sure they're not above a certain level.


I don't have any problem with it. But when you get guys like what Vitor did? Vitor just fill 'em up, doc. He blew the fuck up. He just like take it to my eyeballs. Just fucking, and and man when he was TRT Vitor to fans, when they talk about it like that was an era when that era when he was on a tear, when he knocked out Luke Rockhold and knocked out Bisping and he was fucking everybody up, dude, he was fearless but he was also like heavily enhanced. you know? It was not a normal human being. No. I remember the time when it was when it was legal. Yeah. Yeah. And they fucked it up. 'cause I tried that shit after I got beat by John Jones.


And. I was like, fuck I must be getting old. And. I tried it and it helped me out a little bit. Then they, they outlawed. I said fuck, I guess I'm back to the old me. Yeah. They outlawed it. There was a lot of guys on it and a lot of guys were abusing it. Some guy, like some guys got pulled from fights 'cause they test them the day of and they're like, there's no fucking way. You are so high. This is crazy. Nate Ard, they they actually stopped the fight. They stopped it from happening. Yeah. They canceled the fight. Yeah. you know, prior, they never tested. They, Well, well Enson Iue told me that they had in capital letters, we do not test for steroids. Yeah. In the contract. Yeah. But they'll test you for like weed and cocaine and all that shit. That's Hilarious. But they wouldn't test you for steroids.


So they tested you. They just didn't test you for anything that would actually help you fight. It seems like they kinda encouraged it. Oh yeah, they definitely encouraged it. Yeah, they did with a guy. I know he went over there and he was, you know, about he wanted to fight at one 70. He was like, no, you fight at 180 5. And they're like, we'll give you steroids. Everybody thought I was on steroids when I was fighting or whatever. Well you just had great genetics. Yeah. you know, some people have great genetics and some people need steroids. Yeah. I I I always tell people like, look at me and look at some of the other fighters. You can look at my body and tell I wasn't on that shit. Well The difference is when they get tested, like when the, the preuss and post usada days are so interesting because even though they outlawed testosterone, there's still guys like ov him.


There's, there's not a, a chance in hell. That guy was natural. It was, he was not natural at all. There's no way. No way. Especially when he fought Brock Lesner. But somehow other, he passed a test. But the test the day of like, the day of like the weigh-ins test. That's nonsense. That is nonsense. Like all the benefits are still there and all the stuff is outta your system, Bro. It's crazy. I I used to fight over there with Alistair. Right. And he was like the bony two. Oh fiver. Yeah. He Was thin. He was thin. Then one day I saw him like, God damn, what the fuck you doing? He said horse meat. I'm like, okay buddy. Yeah. He was power lifting. You remember when he got up to like 2 65? you know when he won the K one Grand Prix?


Oh yeah. I mean you couldn't hit him. He was on Mountain. He was just covered behind Muscle and you know K one style when they like fight with like the ear muffs on Yeah. When they're standing there. Like he was just, there was no chin. You couldn't see it in there. He was a bad mfucker. He won it too, didn't he? Yeah, He won the Grand Prix. Yeah. Which is Crazy. He was a bad, I was always worried that I was gonna have to fight him in Pride, but Don don't know why they never put me against him, bro. When he fought Brock Lesner, if they kept the testing that way, he might have been the heavyweight champion. He might've stayed the heavyweight champion too. I mean he was hard to handle at that weight. He was so big and he had those elite kickboxing skills. Yeah. you know, I remember when he fought, I guess it was Strikeforce, when he fought Brett Rogers, you could see the moment he hits Brett Rogers with one low kick.


And you can see it in Brett Rogers face. Like, oh shit. Like this is different. This is so different. He was so scary, man. Yeah. Fuck. Big tall motherfucker. I would like to see him go against John Jones. I would've loved to send that back in the day. But if, if again you let him fight enhanced because the difference between him enhanced and Unenhanced, he became an average fighter. Yeah. But John, John was enhanced too though. If they would've went against each other, both enhanced at the time, At the time you so you think John was enhanced? Yeah, I think it's proven Really because of the, the whole thing with the picograms, whatever the fuck that Shit is. Well see, I, you know, I don't pay a whole lot of attention to it, but I just thought he got popped.


So I assumed that he was enhanced. He did. But the problem that he got popped with, they were so minuscule levels that it didn't make sense. Yeah. He don't look, he don't look like somebody he does steroids. No. Yeah, no. Yeah. No he doesn't. Oh, okay. But neither did Lance Armstrong. He probably did He probably doing something different though, Lance. No, he was doing testosterone. I mean He was definitely doing that too. They, they, those guys were doing a, he was doing a lot of shit. They do everything they can when They do that tour de France, they doctors say that it's actually healthier to do that thing on steroids than it is to not be on steroids. 'cause your body just can't recover. Yeah. Because you're, you're biking for hours and hours and hours day after day.


It's a fucking crazy event. I think if you biking and doing shit like that, let 'em do steroids. Right. But fighting, I'm against that shit. Right. It's different. Yeah. Football, boxing, MMA shit like that. But Football, you know, they're doing something. Yeah. you know, they're doing it. But those guys are Gigantic. Yeah. but I think if you, if you got full contact against another human I think is, it should be outlawed. But baseball, I wouldn't give a fuck. It would only make it Interesting in basketball. Yeah. I wouldn't care. Right. Who cares? Yeah. Who cares. Yeah. Yeah. Especially they're professional athletes. They got a small window of opportunity. Yeah. They have like 10, 15 years at most where they can compete at at their very best. Yeah. Let those guys juice. Fuck. Juice 'em up. Yeah. Let 'em help 'em know how to do it safely but fighting.


Right. 'cause you can hurt somebody. 'cause some people are, are totally against it. Well the only way it makes sense in fighting is if everybody agrees. you know, like if you agree, but if you're cheating, you know, if you are just jobbing the tests and you know you got a good scientist that works with you and you're figuring out a way to rig everything, nah, that's not good. Yeah. you know, I, I'm against it 'cause I fought a few guys that was on steroids. And I was fighting in Pride. Who'd you fight? That was like the most obvious on steroids For me. I, I felt like it was the most obvious was Kevin Round and RIPI don't ever want to talk e of of big bro. But Mark Coleman, he, he, he's honest about it, you know. Yeah. They, they were doing something and Van Lay for sure was on that shit.


For sure. For sure. For sure. For Sure. And I think, bro, he Fought like he was on it. Oh my God. He fought like he had Rabies, bro. He, that guy was so vicious. He just walked around mad the whole time. you know, all the fighters in Japan was scared of him. That's why he didn't like me. 'cause I was never afraid of him. Mm. And once I, the first time I had a run in with Ventilate, we was all staying at the same hotel and I'm walking back from press, And, I get on the elevator with my corner men and the elevator opens up and his ventilator in there with two of his corner men. And, I just, I didn't notice And I just walk on the elevator. And I turn around and my two corner man took off. No. So I'm in the elevator by myself with Van and he looked at me like I was crazy 'cause I didn't take off with them.


Like he, he, he seemed like he was mad that I was breathing his same errand in the fucking elevator. He was like, what are you doing? And they was talking shit in Portuguese and stuff like that. I was like, I ain't, I ain't afraid no motherfucking body. I was a kid then too, but I just never been afraid of anybody. Then after I, I meet my, my two corner. What the fuck happened to your, what the fuck y'all goes like, shit, that was the X murderer. I'm not getting there with him. Just leave. I was like, so you just leave left you, They didn't even Pull you out. They didn't even touch me. Oh, that's so ridiculous. Yeah. I would've never trusted those dudes again. Yeah. Fuck them just left me with, but I was, I was, I was cool, but he never liked me. Were You there when he had that fight with Charles Crazy Horse Bennett in the back room?


No. No. I wasn't there. But Apparently the story is Crazy. Horse knocked him out cold. Yeah, I heard That. That's the story is the story is they ganged up on Crazy Horse. Crazy Horse was a wild dude. That dude was crazy. He was fun. I remember I got drunk with Crazy Horse one night. Me, And I. Think it was Eddie Bravo went to see Brock Lesnar's first professional fight in LA at the Coliseum. Was it with the UFC? No. Oh no. I think it was with K one. I think it was a K one fight in in Los Angeles. I might have been There Hoist Gracie fought that night. I think Hoist Gracie fought Rabba if I remember correctly.


Was that a rematch? Because I thought he fought. Yes. Oh, okay. Yes. I wasn't there. I don't think I was there And he beat him and Hoist was a little saucy. He got caught Hoist beat Saba in the rematch. Yeah, But Hoist was saucy. Mm. They caught him in the piss test. if I remember correctly, check to see if that's true. But I sat right next to Crazy Horse. Just me and him got fucked up the entire show. That guy's Crazy. We had fun. He's funny man. We, we had a lot of laughs, but he was a wild Dude. you know what he's doing now? What's he doing now? He's in Thailand fighting for Fight Circus. You heard about them? No, man, he's fighting like two, two motherfuckers at the same time. Two tie dudes at the same time. I said, man, that shit looks what? Man, that shit look fun. I wanna do that shit. How Big are the tie dudes? They, they, they buy his side.


They're his size. He's fighting two on one, Two on one in Thailand. Is It pay a lot of money or something? Don don't know how much they pay. I did a two headed boxing match with Bob Sap. After that I didn't get paid much money but I, you know, it was, I was doing it for fun. So you and him versus somebody else? Yeah, me and Bob Sap and A two Man T-shirt. We can only use my, my right hand. We can only use his hand and we fuck two dudes. That shit was so fun. Oh, That's crazy man. That was the most fun I ever had in the ring, bro. Just ridiculous. Yeah, it was, it was, it was fun. Fight Circus is crazy. What does this say? Jim? Oh yeah. He tested positive for Fighter Tim Percy tested positive for methamphetamines. That's my friend and hoist. Gracie tested positive for Nandrolone.


Shut the fuck Up Tim and a rockstar, Right? Tim Percy is my, my high school I mean my college wrestling. He was my roommate in college. No shit. Tim Percy. Who did he fight? Who did he fight? Who else was in the, in that card? Let see. There was some, What the fuck? Who else fought that? That The original, let's see. Pref Fry Promise. Scroll back up to the card again please. Oh, okay. Lemme see who was on that card because there was one crazy ko where there was like a football player that Johnny Morton. Right. He fought a guy who was a comedian. That guy Bernard, aka a a Japan, how do you say his name?


AKA a Japanese born TaeKwonDo practitioner. Kickboxer Mixed Martial Arts and comedian. Yeah. That guy. Fuck Johnny Morton up. It was horrible. The comedian fuck somebody up. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah. I don't know how good his comedy is, but he could fuck people up. I'll tell you that. Jake Shields was on that card. He won by Rear Naked Choke. Oh, sounded like a good card. Yeah. Yeah. Soccer. Rob was on there. Yep. So Hoist beats Rob, but then tested Positive. This Was supposed to be on the card. Ray and Marvin Easton dropped from the car with no explanation that Was supposed to be on the card. And Gina Caro. Oh, Gina Caro. So that, that was a K one, right? Yeah, that was like up until, and Brock Lesner won real quick.


That was his first fight ever. Mm. Yeah. But so Crazy Horse was backstage. And. I. Guess all the shoot the box guys got into it with Crazy Horse and didn't Christian Marcelo, he, I think he choked Crazy Horse out right with a triangle. Put him in a triangle afterwards too. Yeah, I heard This story. So Crazy Horse apparently knocked out Verle and then got choked out and then he went and fought and, or did had he already fought? I don't, I don't remember. but I heard Van Ley fought after he got knocked out. He did after he got and won Al Cold Fought and won but won by decision. Who, who did he fight that time? Do you remember? Let's Find out.


Lemme see v Dole's record. I'll tell you when I see it because you could tell he was like fighting a little cautious. Mm. You know, like maybe didn't want to get hit, Bro. That's crazy. What if they had cameras back there in the locker rooms? I think there is video footage of it. I'm pretty sure there's footage. There's definitely footage of Marcelo choking out Crazy Horse. 'cause he gets him in a triangle with his jeans on. I remember watching it So Like oh seven, right? Is that what you're looking? Yeah. It wasn't Merle Crow Cop. I think it might've been Fujita. Nope, that's not it. Because he won that one by Soccer Kicks. Does he have any that he won by decision right Here? Maybe it was No, he lost to Orona.


Is it that, is that possible That it was That May. Maybe he should look for the same card with Crazy Horse he lost and Then he beat him. He lost to Orona and then he beat him. Decision Split. I wonder if it's that one 2005 defending The belt. I wonder if it's that one Pride shot. Click on Pride Shockwave 2005. Let's see who else is on that card. Is Crazy Horse on that card? Charles Bennett? Yep. Way up. Yep. That's It. That's the one. That's the one. That's the one He fought Orona and he won a decision. Yeah, I was Looking for video. And I. Remember why it was crazy? Are so nuts. Look at that video. Crazy Horse staring at the camera that's click on that. See if that's, is that a highlight of Crazy Horse?


Yeah. This highlights his K Power bro. Crazy horse. I pow Word. Yeah, I mean he just put people to sleep. He put a lot of people to sleep. Compact power too. Yeah. He never went to the UFC though, huh? Nope. He couldn't get his shit together. He's just, he's a wild fella. What the fuck is wrong With him? I mean he fought with gold teeth in, he fought with a gold grill in and then he had a mouthpiece on top that was gold too. but I don't even know where he trained. I forgot where he was from. Texas or someone, wasn't it? Don don't remember. But I mean it did not have like the ultimate skillset.


He just had crazy power and he was just wild. Very wild. He was strong and strong. Yeah, Very strong. He didn't have that much Juujitsu though, huh? No, it wasn't that good on the ground, but on the feet. I mean don don't think he ever submitted anybody that I can remember, but he fucked a lot of people up. Man. Anybody that stood in front of that dude went night night. And you could see it once he hit him like one time. The difference in the power, they'd be like, oh God, it's cra power. Like that is really crazy. When, when some people just have just like, did you watch the light heavyweight title fight this weekend? Oh my God. Yeah. Oh my God Ton Man. Alex Barrera.


That fucking power's nuts. You know what I, I was thinking like, how would I would've done if I was in my prime fighting somebody like that. You can be honest. You have very good wrestling skills. That's the difference is you're very strong. You, you were always a very strong light heavyweight and you had very good wrestling skills. you know, he hasn't really fought anybody that's an elite wrestler yet. you know, I mean, think about who has he fought that could really wrestle? Prohaska is like a, he's, he's got he crazy Koko power. He's got good karate skills and he I mean he did win by choking out Glover. He did win with a, with a choke. So it's not like he doesn't have skills, but he's not, you know, he's not some Daniel Cormier type dude.


It was just an elite wrestler. I'm thinking, is this the video footage of the fight? It cuts Off on the fight, so it's gotta exist somewhere else. But this is a documentary about Crazy Horse. Oh, but is it, it shows is the behind the scenes. It shows, it Shows like a picture of them on Their ground. It says can't show the footage as YouTuber restrict the footage. What YouTube restricts fights It would, it could age restrict the video. And they're probably trying not to have that happen. Oh, so they're just showing it. So he catches 'em in a triangle with jeans on chokes to sleep out gold with his phone in his hand. Wait, what is that? That's, That's, that's the pass. you know it's the Past. Yeah. So he wakes him up, he's like, ah, shit. They shouldn't have had him in that locker room with them anyway. No chance.


Yeah, that's a terrible idea. And there's vandalism. He's talking about it. Yeah. This Is an interview with him talking about it. But he said Vand says he just turned and hit me. Oh, he's trying to say he got sucker punched. Probably did, but also they're probably talking a lot of shit and they probably thought they could keep talking shit before getting hit. And Crazy. Horse was. But Where was his corner man? Well, who was with them? Well I think they just thought they'd get away with it. you know, they probably didn't think he was gonna swing on him. Especially since Charles was, he was light. What did he fight at? Probably 50 fives, Probably something like that. Something Like that. Yeah. And Vander Lee was like a big 200. Yeah. 2 0 5. He was a big 2 0 5. Yeah. but I was talking about maybe like when I, the era, the Rampage, when I fought Chuck Liddell, I probably wouldn't have tried to take Alex down.


I probably would. You would've stood with him? I probably would've tried until he, until he started fucking me up down. Like, oh shit, Dennis time, take him down. Did You ever fight anybody who calf kicked you? Yeah. Forrest Forrest Griffin did. Yeah. Yeah. The first interesting, the first two rounds. The first, I think the first, the first round or something. He fucked my calf up. I'd never seen that kick before. Really? Interesting. Yeah. Never even trained. Trained against it. Because that Was 2000, what? Eight. Eight. Interesting. My worst year ever. Yeah. He cap kicked the shit outta me. I was like, what the fuck, what the fuck is this? This shit was hurting. Yeah. It's no one does it like Alex Pereira does.


He, he does it so sneaky. It's also, he is got that crazy long frame, you know. But he stands almost like square and then just throws the leg out. Like you don't even see anything coming. There's no, no tail at all. There's no like dip. There's no step. It's just throws it out there and all of a sudden, ugh. You see guys' legs get fucked up. Yeah. One or two of 'em. And you can't move. Good Man. And that guy, he just came outta nowhere. Just fucking people up. Well I knew about him before 'cause I, I watched kickboxing, And I had seen him in kickboxing. And I was like, whew, if this guy comes into MMA, everybody's fucked. 'cause he was fucking everybody up with big gloves on. He would hit dudes and you could see that. It was just like, they had never been hit like that before.


He, he like, I remember the first time I saw him fought he cao, Dustin Jacoby. And he hit him with a left hook that just spun his head around And. I was like, oh my god. Yeah, I heard he had a crazy left hook. That's his, that's his main weapon. Like if you thought about one weapon that he knocks everybody out with I mean, that's the, the one he mock knocked Jamal Hill out with. He the first fight with the, or the first knockdown with Yuri. The first fight with Yuri. He knocked him out with the left hook. He got, did he get Izzy outta Sonya? He got him with a left hook. Yeah. He gets everybody with that left hook. Yeah, but he's got, it's not like that's the only weapon he, anything he hits you with, you're fuck. But if you know he got a big left hook, how come you don't train to just keep your hand up? So you just look out for it?


Like that's what boxes do. I don't understand it. He Throws a nasty jab to the body too. And that's one of the things he did with Yuri. He throws this jab to the body and it sounded like a right hand. It was a blo blo and it was like this fight, he fought different than he fought the first fight. I think the first fight he let Yuri get a little wild and then he was like trying to find his openings and this fight. He was like, I'm gonna shut all that wild shit down. It is a short notice fight for them too, wasn't it? Yeah, A couple weeks. Just a couple of weeks. I think Yuri got three weeks. And Alex, when he found out about the fight, I believe he was in Australia doing seminars and they said, Hey, do you want defend your light heavyweight title International Fight Week in three weeks.


And he was like, let me think about this for a little bit. So there's the left hook. I see this Boom fade away. Left hook. Yeah. Fuck it just got a lot of power in that hook. It's Crazy power. And he's tall. He's a big guy too, huh? He's Huge. And there's the head kick. They should have stopped that fight the moment when he went down. They shouldn't have let him eat all those extra shots. Yeah. I mean he was done. I think Herb wanted to give him a chance because the first fight got stopped a little premature. Yeah. But the thing about that guy is you can't let that guy hurt you. 'cause he'll hit you one more time and if he hits you one more time, you're gone. Yeah. But you know, some, sometimes you just be caught in the moment. Like people gimme shit for hidden Ventilate like three more times when I knocked them out.


Right. In the u ffc sometimes you just get caught in the moment. Yeah. You don't even know what's happening, right? No. Yeah, you don't, you don't know. You don't think Also that guy, you, you had history with that guy. Yeah, yeah. you know, and you wanted to get that back. He Deserved it. but I, I I I know I shouldn't have did it. And if I would been in my right mind, I wouldn't have gave him, because it, it's much cooler to have a walk off knockout, you know? Right. but I wouldn't have gave him those extras. But the day before, he pushed me at the weigh ins. Yeah. And he talked shit to me in a, in at the, you know how Dana had that rules meeting, whatever. And he was talking shit to me like I was scared of him. I was like, bro, come on. And. I was like, I was in the zone. I guess he felt like 'cause he had beaten you Yeah. Twice. Yeah. That it was gonna be, you know, you were in his head.


Not only did he beat me, he gave me two of the worst ass whoopings I ever had in my career. And so he probably thought that was in the back of my head. Mm. but I think most time people get like that, you know, they get where, oh, this guy got my number, blah, blah, blah. And I. I didn't have any of those feelings. I just knew, I always knew I could beat him. But the first two times I, I fought him. I think the first time I fought him, I had fought Chuck Liddell 45 minutes before. And then the second time I went through this crazy religious thing where I got born again. First day of training camp. Whoa. Yeah. Crazy. What happened there? Craziest, craziest thing in my life. Craziest. I still, I still, it's like, it's the craziest thing that ever happened to me.


you know, back then I was a single parent. I, I had got custody of my son. He was three years old. And just overnight I was dead. And, and I'm trying to fight in Japan and everything. And I don't. I don't. And after that, after that Iona fight and like I was saying, I was, I had got real famous in Japan and then I was going out partying a lot and drinking and And, I never became an alcoholic because, you know, I I I, I don't like alcoholics and stuff like that. 'cause my dad used to be one. I I always drink socially. But then I started craving alcohol. So long story short, I think one thing led to another. And one day I just had this crazy dream. And I was at home. And, and it seemed like it was a devil in my chest with his hands like this.


I'll never forget having this hands in my chest. And it had some female spirits around and he was saying, it's okay. It's okay. It's okay. And I was like just laying there in my dream. And I heard a voice, said, do you know this man? I was like, no. Then he said, well, you're not okay. Well it's not okay. I said, whoa. And. I jumped up. And I went to go. I was scared as fuck. And I'm a big bad motherfucker. Fucking people up. And I was scared. And I went to go wake my son up. And, and he, and he was, he said he was dreaming. He wouldn't tell me his dream 'cause he didn't like me that much because, you know, I just got custody of him. I'm, I'm being the father figure, making him eat healthy and telling him no and stuff a lot. So he wouldn't tell me a whole lot. But he, he said he was dreaming. So my friend finally got out of him. He said, when my dad woke me up, God and the devil was fighting.


And, and God hit the devil with the sword. And when I woke him up, he just did like this, just ped a lot of white pus out his mouth. What? Yeah. Crazy. True story. So I take him, that's not even the, the scary part. That's, that wasn't what scared me. What scared me was I took him to preschool. And I got back in my, my car. And I must left the radio on. And as soon as I turned the, the radio on, it was something, it was a commercial loan. I didn't know at the time what commercial it was, but it said the curse of such and such, your soul is mine. That scared the shit out of me. Whoa. I turned the radio off for six weeks, like six, six weeks. I found out later it was a fucking commercial for Revenge of the Mummy ride and fucking six.


That shit scared me straight. He thought it was the temple. Oh yeah. Oh my God. Scared Me straight, bro. Wow. And then that, that night I couldn't sleep. Me and my son, we went to go sleep over one of my friend's house. And this, this is what, this is what brought me to, to being born again. What Christian say. I had to piss And. I was over at my friend house. It was really dark. I told you I was scared I couldn't sleep in my room. Me and my son sleep on the floor in my friend's room. And I had to take a piss. And my son was wetting the bed and he was lying a lot. I'm trying to teach him not to lie and teach him not to wet the bed. And I was, I was feeling to wet the bed and blame it on him because I was too scared to go to the Bathroom. You were too scared to go to the bathroom.


That's so nuts. Yeah. And I, And I. Just what I did, I prayed to God. 'cause my dad, my dad had just got saved like two years before and he said he was praying for me. And I remember when my dad said, he said, oh, when you pray to God, just say in Jesus' name. So I was like, God, I'm a coward right now. Just take this fear from my heart in Jesus' name. I love you. Amen. And within two minutes I was laughing and crying at the same time. And I. Wow. And I received the Holy Ghost Spirit. And. I was, I wasn't afraid. I went to go use the restroom. My eyes were different. Everything was different. Right. Wow. That's the first day of training camp for Van Lay. The second fight. And then, so I'm training for Van Lay. My coach thought I was crazy. He brought a preacher in. He thought I lost my mind, thought I was crazy.


'cause you know, I'm totally, you know how I was back then, I was saying a whole bunch of crazy shit, doing a whole bunch of crazy shit. And, and beginning I didn't cuss anymore. It just, just changed me right away. And, and then my coach found out I wasn't crazy. But it was the start of, you know, our relationship going south. And I started training for, for Valenti then Yeah. Closer the fight. And I was like, I'm gonna kill this motherfucker. I'm gonna kill it. And I'm thinking in my mind like, I'm Christian now. I can't be thinking like that. This is the most confusing part of my life, man. I, so I fasted like a idiot. I fasted for like three or four days. 'cause I read in the Bible, you fast, you get closer to God and all that stuff. And it's true. I got closer to God, but it wasn't a good idea to fast before a fucking championship fight.


And, I went out there. How many days out from the fight were you fasting? Well, so I got to Japan that I think that Tuesday and the fight was that Sunday. So I, I think I broke my fast. I, so I think I, it was like four days before the fight line when I ended my fast. but I think I fasted four, three or four days. Whoa. Yeah. And I never did that shit. And You were training while you were fasting? Yeah. How bad was that, Bro? I was on, I was in another place. It was the weirdest, weirdest thing. I, I didn't have to cut weight. That's my first time. Never had, I didn't have to cut weight for my fight. Wow. I thought that was a good thing. but I, I thought I was doing good. I was winning the fight, then I got knocked the fuck out. And I. I, I tried to cop it up to me fast.


That's my, that's my excuse. I think. Well, it certainly would've drained your body to not eat for three days. I mean if you're going for a performance and they say it does, it's healthy for your body every now and then to take a few days off and not consume any food. But not before a fight. Not before a fight. Yeah. No I mean, I wouldn't even say before camp. I would I mean, I would say make it like you're out. Like you, you got time. Yeah. I, I be trying to fast now for health reasons. And, I can't, I can't even get past two days now, you know? Yeah. Can't do it. Do you eat a lot of carbohydrates? No. I, I cut that shit out. Yeah. Remember I got super fat, especially my last fight with Fedor.


My god. Yeah. I got, I got super fat. I got mixed diagnosed with what? Hypothyroid. And they had me on this fucking medicine and shit. And that shit fucked me up. And I started training with this, this crazy social media guy name Sean Res. He's been my friend for years. I met him from, from one of my other friends, And I. I used to always see him. We used to out kick it and party and stuff like that at, you know, go out drinking and we end up at his house with girls and stuff and hang out. And he was always ripped like Persian guy, but he, he looked like a fucking Viking. Right. So one day I asked the guy, like, man, how in the fuck you stay ripped like that all year around? He, and he told me, he said, man, this is what I do. I said, you on that shit? Ain't he said, no, I ain't no shit.


And he said, I, I, I do two hours of cardio. He, he works out like two or three times a day and he don't eat carbs. How often? Jesus Christ. Yeah. That's my, that's my training. That's my coach, man. He changed my fucking life, bro. Damn. And, I lost. That dude looks good. I lost 30 pounds training with him. And so he does two hours of cardio. How often a week? This motherfucker training like six, seven days a week. So he does two, two hours of cardio every day? Well, Well, now I think he dropped it down to an hour now. But when, when I asked him, he was doing two hours of StairMaster, And, I. And so I did it with him. Right. This motherfucker is on like level 13. I'm over there on level four, like fucking dying. He's on 1113. Fuck. Like fucking an hour straight.


Damn. He's the strongest mind I ever fucking met. Really? Yeah. He changed my life. And he, and, and he, he, he don't take, he don't take no shit. you know how I be trying to get outta shit? I'm like, no, you meet me at the gym at this motherfucker time. He don't give a fuck. Mm. But he changed my life and changed my diet. So now I just don don't know if it's like a carnivore diet, but I, I eat, I eat vegetables and stuff, but I, I mostly eat steak every day. And sweet potatoes. Yeah. So like more of like a, what would they call that? Paleo diet? Yeah. I don't, I just, I just eat what he tell me to eat. I think there's a lot of people that feel like the real problem that people have is with grains. Yeah. Grains. Carbohydrates that come from bread, pasta, that kinda shit. Rice. Yeah. Man. And then if you can cut all that out and just eat meat and vegetables, you'll be way better Off, bro.


I've learned by traveling the world. I went to Columbia to get stem cells. And, I. I stayed there for like eight days. And, I, lose weight, And I, eat whatever the fuck I want. And I lose weight there. I could eat pasta, bread, whatever there And. I lost like 15 pounds in eight days over there, over there getting, you know, bio accelerator. Yeah. Getting stem cells, And, I. At first I thought it was the stem cells, but one time I went there, And, I, And I just went to hang out. I didn't get stem cells still lost 15 pounds. The food, American food is bad, bro. Terrible, Terrible, terrible. Just filled with preservatives and bullshit and seed oils and corn syrup and just shit. Why? Why are they doing this like that, man? Because they make money. They don't give a fuck. It's the same thing as why they over-prescribe medications.


The same thing. Why they send us off to war. They don't give a fuck it. When, when you allow people to make as much money as they possibly can, They do almost every time. Especially Americans, almost every time they sacrifice people for money. Yeah. I I I figured that's what it is. All boiled down to money. But there's other ways to make money off us. Yeah. But they started this shit in the 1960s. Man. They bribed sugar scientists. It was the sixties, right? Wasn't it when they did that sixties? I think it was the fifties. Fifties. I think. So they bribed sugar scientists. They, they bribed scientists rather to say that sugar is good for you and saturated fats are bad for you. They tried to say that all these people having heart attacks and all the cardiovascular issues that people have, that this is actually because of, of saturated fat, which is just not true.


You're right. Sixties and says 1960s, the sugar industry paid scientists to downplay the link between sugar and heart disease instead of, and instead promote saturated fat as the Culprit Sugar Research Foundation, now known as the Sugar Association, funded the research that reviewed the scientific literature and set the reviews. Objective. Sugar Research Foundation also provided materials for review and examined drafts before publication. Yeah. It was all bullshit. And fat is good for you. Fat is healthy for you, especially saturated fat. What, what are you saying? Yeah, fat from meat is really good for you. Makes sense. Yeah, Of course. Makes sense. It's what human beings have been eating forever. It's what most indigenous tribes, that's what they try to get.


They try to get fat. They try to get meat and fat. That's why people like Inuits, before American food started American food and alcohol and cigarettes started making its way to like the Inuit tribes. They had very low instances of heart disease. And they eat nothing but fat. They're eating fat all the time. They're eating whale blubber and all kinds of shit like that. And seal Just, it seems like it's just more natural. That's, that's what it's Normal. It's food. It's real food. That's this the stuff that you're for, like when people say that margarine is good for you, margarine is fucking terrible for you. I can't believe it's not butter bitch. I can believe it doesn't taste anything like butter. It doesn't taste, it's like got a buttery texture.


It's fucking terrible. It's a big tub of seed oil. That shit's awful for you. Oh man. There's also like a, there's a lot of people that try to link the consumption of seed oils and margarine and shit like that to Alzheimer's. That's when people started getting Alzheimer's disease and they started using that stuff instead of butter and margarine. They, or butter and Fat. I remember hearing that. It was from deodorant anti ants. That's not true. That's Gotta be bad for You too. That scare, that scared me. 'cause I don't wanna be funky though. But then, yeah, I don't want to be like mindless, like, you Know, you can use, there's deodorants that don't have aluminum in it. I take, I use a Toms of main deodorant, but there's a bunch of other ones. There's another one that I use. God, I can native Native's real good.


I use that. but I used, I use deodorant. I have aluminum in it. I, my son, my son is a hippie and he tried to get me in all that shit. And I tried it. But you have a hippie For son, that's why. Yeah. My, my son Roger, he's the one that was fighting. He's a fucking hippie bro. In what way? Shit. Just like hippies, bro. All natural stuff. He's like, he motherfucker, like mushrooms. Mushrooms are good for you. Well Talk to Rashad about that. I Know I did. Rashad is one of the most knowledgeable people I've ever talked to when it comes to like, mushroom supplements. Like REI and the Lion's Mane and all that stuff. He takes all Those, that's the healthy stuff. But he, he liked the mushrooms that make you trip and shit.


He Likes those too. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Or changed him into a totally different person. He's a different guy. Totally Different guy. He's just Like, just sweet like, like at peace. Calm guy. I think he's vegan now too. He's he's a, he's a vegetarian. Vegetarian. He eats pussy and vegetables. Well, I, I can't knock on that because I'm a vegetarian myself. No, he's a vegetarian. I, I saw him not too long ago. you know him? And I talking about doing a boxing match in against each other in November. Oh, really? Interesting. Yeah, we trying toing we trying to get that going. What Is going on with you and Shannon? The can bro, Bro, this motherfucker called me out as soon as I got knocked out by Fedor. He called me out and, and he said he was gonna promote the fight.


MMA guys. We, we not promotes. Wasn't It before That? No. No. Didn't, I don't remember Don don't remember. You guys weren't jaw at each other before that? No. I, I remember after that. Let's go Champ. Yeah. And then we was supposed to fight and we, we finally had had a show. We was gonna do it in the qar, but the guys they're putting on, they in out to be fucking scam artists. Oh. And I. I was trusting them. I I really liked the guys. They was cool people, but fast talkers. And like two months before I pulled out, Shannon was like, man, he, he was like, man, these guys are scammers, bro. I'm like, man, you brought these motherfuckers to me. He's like, yeah, but I don't trust him no more. They're scammers. So I was like, man, there, there go. Just fuck it. I was waiting to fight him. But I heard there's talk again.


He's still, he's still trying. but I, I, I lost my faith in, in Shannon. don don't, I don't know if he, he's going to get it done. He, he, he talks a good game. I hope, I hope he get it done. If he ever gets it done, I'll be game to fight him. But right now, you know, I guess my first boxing matches is gonna be against Rashad. I, I, I need to get that win back. And where is that gonna be at? They was talking about in Atlanta. Oh really? Yeah. For what organization? I'm not sure. But he said it was gonna be under the one FFC banner. That's what, that's what he did. Really? Yeah. He's telling me I'm waiting for my manager to talk to him. Oh, interesting. One FC one C does everything. Yeah. That's a interesting organization because they'll have an event with grappling kickboxing, Muay Hai and MMA. I like that all different. I love it.


I like that fight that Mighty Mouse did with that Muay Hai guy. Yeah, that was Interesting. Raw Tang. That was very interesting. His name is Raw Tang. Rod Tang. Oh, okay. Rod Tang. Yeah. He's, he's a wild dude. He's tough, huh? I see his clips on TikTok all the Time, bro. He's dangerous. Takes a crazy shot too. He's got an iron chin. Yeah. Yeah. He just let people Yeah, this guy hit him. Come on, motherfucker hit me. And that's crazy. He kick so fucking hard too. I guess those Little guys, they can do that though. They can let people hit him. Some people you can't let crazy horse hit you, you know? Oh, oh yeah. Like it's different people. Yeah. I guess you like Peloton, like when you see Perera This's not a fucking person in the world that get hit by that Guy. No, I wouldn't let, I wouldn't let no big guy if I was, no, not 2 0 5. 2 0 5. Did you watch Joe Piper fight at 85?


Who? Joe Piper. He's on 3 0 3. Yeah. Nah, He was, he was the featured prelim of the Undercard. He's one of the hardest fucking punchers ever. I got, I got to the fight late. I I watched it when that girl got that cut. I watched. That was my first fight. Okay. He was before That. He was before that I believe. Yeah. 'cause my, my robe Bueno Silva was in the main card on pay-per-view and Macy Shaan. This is Joe Piper. Which one? With the white shorts? Yeah. This motherfucker can crack. Oh my God. What weight class is that? 85. And he's Huge. Yeah. 85 guy. He's huge. But he don't look 85 I mean he weighs 85 for about five minutes. That fucking dude's Huge. And is he 85?


Yes. I met him in for the first time in Saudi Arabia. And that guy was big as fuck. I was surprised when I saw he was like tall. He's Tall as fuck. Yeah. Tall and long, you know. And the dude, he's fighting DKAs two plus C. That's another guy. Like, how the fuck do you weigh 85? I stand next to that guy. I'm like, how the fuck are you? 185 pounds? They must be cutting from like two 30 or Two 20. Oh, he's cutting from a lot. He looks like a heavyweight. When you stand next to Duss, he's a big wide motherfucker. He's thick. What's the weight class now in the UFC? What's the it weight class? When I was there it was 2 0 5. It's probably 2 0 5 right now. But the problem is Perreira is cleaned out the division. There's only Anaya who's very good.


That's a good fight. But a lot of people don't know who he is. It's not like a big name fight. Yuri Prohaska is a big name. Yeah. Everybody knows who he is. Got that crazy look with the, the bun, the samurai bun. He shaved that shit off after the fight though. Did he? He's like, that's what the fuck am I doing here with this thing? Yeah. It did look kind of stupid though. Well it, you know, it looked crazy when it got, when he got hit. 'cause it, it, Bob was around. Yeah. Because The way he taps it up and shit. Why, why you got taped up. It's in the back of your head. It is not gonna get in your, it is not gonna get in your face. Right. I don't think you should be allowed to have that because I think that gets in the way of stuff. Yeah. Because if you're trying to, like, if you're trying to secure a choke or you're trying to go over the top of the head, there's like a thing there.


Yeah. Like some it, it might get, and it might for a split second, might keep you from clasping your hands together for a split second. It might keep him from getting outta something. Yeah. It's in the way. Yeah. Just braid it. Yeah. Yeah. Just braid it. Have, yeah. Don't put tape don don't understand that. I think He wants to be like a samurai or this Crazy, You know, he thinks of himself a Czech Samurai. Oh, He's, oh, he's checked. Yeah. I didn't know where the fuck he was from. He's A wild dude. He's a wild dude. And he hits hard as fuck. But that's not good enough when you're fighting a guy that's that skilled bro Fighting Alex. He had, I didn't like the way he had his hands down. You don't fight a guy like Alex with your hands that low. Yeah. Because it takes a while to get him up. Yeah. Well he likes to fight that way.


'cause he lures people in exchanges and he hits so hard. And it works on everybody else. It worked on rockets, it works on Dominic Reyes, everybody else. You don't want that guy standing in front of you. Yeah. you know, because he, he, he lures you into exchanges and he's willing to take a shot to give a shot. And his punches are so hard. But you can't do that with Pereira. 'cause Pereira is a better kickboxer. Hits harder. He's huge. And he's just too slick. He's like, he what? He he knows how to set things up. Yeah. He also knows it only takes one shot with him. Yeah. He should Have learned that the first time he followed him. Right. Get your hands up. Well, seeing About the first time is what he won the first round of the first fight.


Oh. And then he was winning the second round before he got clipped. And he actually had Pereira in a little bit of trouble. He, he, there was some exchanges where he hit Pereira had to move him backwards. But Alex is just too cl he hits you. It's too scary. Yeah. I was worried about Alex's chin, but that was at 85 when we had to cut all that weight. you know, you cut a lot of weight. Yeah. That, that folks up your chin. A hundred percent. And his chin at 85 was not the same. I mean, you gotta think of how much weight he was cutting. He was weighing in at 85 and then fighting at 2 25. That's insane. Yeah. That's 40 fucking pounds, man. In one day. In a day. That's insane. I mean don don't know how he did it. That weight cut is going to take to, I think that's what fucked me up with my, with my health.


Yeah. Yeah. When you get older, look at people like James, Tony. You see how he looks now? Yeah. You remember where he used to fight at? Yeah. He used to be super middleweight. Yeah. Yeah. I remember when he fought Roy Jones. I I remember when he fought everybody. I mean James. Tony beat Evander at heavyweight. you know James? Tony was a bad man. A Bad man. Hard Hit too. But, but he cut a lot of weight. And, I think that. Yes. I think that folks up your metabolism or something down the line when you get older, cutting all that weight and then putting it back on. Yeah, it does. I'm sure it, yeah. I'm sure it does it. I'm sure it does. It's, it's terrible for your kidneys. Oh, who Else? What's that princess scene? Have you seen my bad? Yeah, he's big. Yeah, he's big. like a lot of fighters go through that.


Like Ricky Hatton, I think he got his hisself under control now, but he used to blow up and that, that fucks you up. Yeah. But it's also like fighters when they're not training and they're not fighting anymore, they just start eating. Oh Man. Yeah. I was bad for that. Yeah. They Just eat like crazy. You enjoy yourself 'cause you have to be so disciplined and training camps. And then after that you just, you just say, I, I used to always say, oh, I'm just gonna enjoy myself for like a week, then get back and I'm never going to get fat again. I used to say that shit all the time. Two weeks, bro. Two weeks. I'm back. Fucking fat as fuck. Isn't it crazy how quick it gets back on you? Yeah. Especially if you're eating pizza and bullshit and if you're drinking. Oh yeah. Drinking drinking's number one. Yeah. Yeah. Drinking drinking puts it on you quick.


And I. Think that's where Ricky, Ricky Hatton was having a little bit of a problem. Yeah. But that happens to a lot of fighters, especially guys who've got some brain damage. you know, they, they really crave alcohol. you know, there's something about your dopamine levels drop and like when, when you've had significant amount of brain damage, you know, you've been KD a bunch of times. A lot of guys lean towards alcohol to make 'em feel better. Mm. But it's all, you know, some people get KD and they're fine. Like those k those K one guys, they don't even look gun shy. you know, when, when van late knocked me out, that was my first time ever getting knocked out. And I didn't even go all the way unconscious. I remember hanging on the ropes. You remember that?


And I remember thinking like, damn, I just got knocked the fuck out. And I can re remember everything. I was dangling on the ropes. And I remember like blood dropping. And, and then after that I was gunshot all the way up to when I coming to fight Chuck Liddell. I was And I. Remember those fights? I was gunshot. And I was like, man, I gotta fight Chuck Liddell. He's a, he's like one of the best strikers I've been up against. I need to bring somebody in to get me over this gunshot. And, and that's how I met Check Congo. Really? Yeah. I met him at the UFC once before. He was like a big scary looking guy. And my manager called his manager. And we, we flew him from France over to that training camp. And he kicked the shit outta me. And. I got over that.


I got over that gun shyness. It was interesting. It was a great camp. Check Congo was a beast. Remember that fight with Pat Berry? Oh my God. That is one of the craziest comebacks in the history of the sport. The craziest one handout. Pat Berry was just swinging. And Pat Barry was a good kickboxer man. Real good. Kickboxer. And Pat Barry had him real badly hurt. And a lot of people could have stopped that fight. And he went down a couple of times. Couple Of times. And then he clipped him with one shot. Boom. Bro, that's Congo for you. That guy countless times he go through training camp, he gets injured, won't tell nobody and still go out there and fight. I'm talking about what injuries that that people have to get surgeries for that wouldn't fight.


He really? Yeah. don don't know what's wrong with him. Here It is. There it is. There's the one righthand that drops him and Pat just got reckless and he jumped all over him. Pat had big power too. I mean, look at the size of him, man. Look At the size difference. Yeah. But yeah, I mean Congo was real tall and big. But Pat was a tank man. Oh. I think I was in Congo's corner. I can't remember. but I was watching that fight. Crazy. I think I was doing a commentating up up the top. It's boom. Oh that, Oh, boom. Out cold. You Don't even see it. Yeah, you don't even see it. He hit him with one, stung him and then the other one his eyes rolled back. Oh. You see his eyes? Yeah. They're still open. Yeah. His eyes were rolled back. He was out. He was in the dark lands. Look at him. Look at him.


Look. Oh my God. Yeah. He was in the dark lands. He just got too, too wild. He got too wild. I mean he had Congo hurt, man. Yeah. Real badly hurt. Yeah. He was going in for the kill. But look, he the one he gets quit By in the ear. And then this one boom, I mean that one just shut him off. And you know, moving backwards kind of off angle. Still crazy power. But you know, Conco was a really good kickboxer too. He beat Crow cop. Yep. I, I didn't wanna talk with shit. Congo was like my big bro, but I, I was real proud of him to be cro cop. 'cause Cro cop is dangerous man. With those leg kicks, those head kick with every Every kick. Yeah. He's one of the hardest kickers ever. There's a picture of him when he fought Heath Herring.


Did you ever see that fight? Oh Yeah. He kicked him in a body. He kicked him in the body. And his body is like, his shin is like halfway into his body. It's horrible picture. And especially it's that left one, which is, you know, he said Right Kick hospital. Left Kick Cemetery. Yeah. Yeah. Cro was, CRO cop was the fuck. Look at that. Oh my God. Oh, That's Josh Barnett. That's Oh. Oh yeah. Yeah. That was a Good one. That's one. Look at that other one down there. There you go. Oh, Who is that? Is that Sean O'Malley? Yeah. Oh my God. Look at that kick. Who did he kick there? Good Lord. Good Lord. That is liver All day. Wow. I mean that is deep in the liver. That's crazy.


That's it. The upper left hand corner. That's the one. Oh yeah. Look at that. I mean that, that shin is, that is a perfect body kick. Wow. As deep into the body. The first time I met Crow Cup was when I fought K one, proximity K one. 'cause it was like my last fight on my contract. They thought I was gonna get knocked the fuck out. And I renegotiate for less money and, and I didn't expect for Crow cop to, to like me. They put us in a, in a locker room together. And he was over there playing cards and stuff. And this Japanese reporter come over to me. And I was on the ground like stretching, you know, warming up whatever. And I had my chain on the ground, which is crazy because I never laid a chain down. don don't know why. I was on the ground. And a Japanese lady came and she was like, oh, what?


Why do you got this chain? What does this chain mean? you know, I guess K one didn't know anything about me because I was coming from Pride And I put the chain on. I said, oh, I'm a dog. And I started And I started humping her and Crow Cop died laughing then ever since then, he liked me every time I see Him. Oh, That's funny. He'll come. And I could, I could make him laugh and stuff. He was a cool guy. He's a cool guy. He's a very cool guy. He's one of the first guys that came from kickboxing that did really well in MMA because he was so explosive. Yeah. like a lot of those other guys like Peter t or Ernesto Hust, I don't know if their style would've translated because they would just set you up over time and Ernesto would just be chopping at the legs and hit you with shots and, but Cro cop would just b just explode on you.


And He had good wrestling defense. Antonio McKees said he was training with, well, CRO cop teaching him wrestling. Really? Yeah. And Tony McKee's one of the best wrestling coaches. He's he's one of the best MA coaches out there. Well he developed very good take down defense. And that's what made him so scary. Yeah. Because if you have to stand up with that guy Yeah. Which shows you how good Fedor was in his prime. 'cause those two fought in their prime and Fedor was walking him down. Yeah. Standup. The standup I mean that was primarily a standup fight. Fedor gives no fucks. He was a wild dude. Man. He's, even though he beating my ass, he's still one of my favorite fighters. Yeah. One of mine as well. Yeah. I think, you know, when you look at the great heavyweights of all time, it's so hard to say like, who's the greatest of all time.


But you gotta have him in the conversation. Yeah. I wish he would've came to the UFC though. I wish they would've got this. Got close, got real close. They had some meetings, but apparently the people that Fedor had running with him, the people that were running his business were, you know, they wanted a lot, you know, they wanted like co-promotion with the UFC. They wanted, they didn't, it wasn't just like, give us some money and you know, I guess the UFC was willing to give 'em a lot of money, but they were like, no, we want co-promotion. Yeah. That's too much. They wanted to be a part of the bus. They wanted to take over a little bit Of the business. Yeah, I heard rumor they wanted to have like rights to UFC Russia or some shit. There's a bunch of different things. You'd have to talk to Dana. but I remember it was enough so that they had a beef up security. Like they were, they were worried about how the negotiations went south.


Wow. Yeah. They got nervous. It was a, a weird time. Those guys that were with him, him, they were, they were serious dudes. Wow. Yeah. I would like to fight Fredo again. I, you know, that was my last fight. And I wasn't me. I was very unhealthy, but I didn't, like why were you Unhealthy? What was wrong? Because I got misdiagnosed with Hypothyroidism. Yeah. So I was on this medicine and the medicine was making me fat, And I. I was training hard. And What kind of medicine did they have you on? do you Remember? I forgot the, I forgot the name of it, but I had been on it for Synthroid. Yeah. And I had been on it for a while. And then I started training with tj, TJ Haw and, and one Charletta.


And they took me over there to Coach Cal. Oh. And that guy's a genius. Yeah. He's a Genius. He's like a scientist. So he looked at my blood and he, and he looked through everything and, and he was like, you don't have a thyroid problem. You something wrong with your, your t your C3 or T three, whatever the fuck he said. But you don't have a thyroid problem and that medicine you take is fucking you up. Mm. And, and And I just quit the medicine. I said, I knew it was the fucking medicine. But he said, Hey, I don't, I don't suggest you just quit cold Turkey. You don't know how your body's gonna react. And then I said, fuck this, this medicine fucking me up. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm quitting it. And when I got to Japan, one of my coaches told me, oh, you gotta carve up before your, before your fight you gotta carve up. 'cause he noticed I wasn't eating carbs.


And I listened to my coach. I, I'm a very coachable fighter. And I just got bloated overnight. I I wasn't even looking that big when I got to Japan. And And, I just fucking blew up. And And I said, fuck it, I'm fighting. I'm not pulling outta this fight. You Were thinking about pulling out. I yeah, when I, when I fucking saw myself in the fucking mirror, I was Like, what the fuck is this? That's what you thought about pulling out. Really? Yeah, because I was fighting because I train, I train hard. I know, I noticed I wasn't losing weight for the fight, but I was heavyweight. I wanted to, I always want to get my weight down look good. but I, I got down on 2 65 and, and And I was training really hard. People thought I didn't train people thought I threw the fight. And I was training hard. It's the hardest I ever trained. but I wasn't doing a whole lot of sparring and shit though.


Because when I was training on Coach Cal, that was the hardest training I ever did. And it's so hard that you have to take the rest of the day off and, and the next morning Because it's like, so it's heavy cardio, right? Yeah. It's crazy. We throwing a hundred pound medicine balls at each other. A hundred pound, A hundred pound men. While we was balancing on a boho ball Jesus Christ With, with TJ DeShaw and Juan Arch letter. don don't know if you know Juan Arch. Yeah, sure. you know how small that guy is. Yeah. They got, that coach guy had us flipping tires up a hill, like 200, 400 pound tires. I never done, I never flipped a tire before. This motherfucker used to flip his tire up the hill, run down and help me flip mine. That's how strong that little motherfucker is.


Yeah. He's strong as fuck. Yeah. He's a great Wrestler. Yeah. Great wrestler. And they, and they have you on that, that that spin bike, like a hard spin bike type of thing for like a hour like this, bro. It was, it was torture. but I said, you know what, I'm gonna do this shit. I'm gonna train really hard. And, and at the end of the day, all this shit fucked me up. And so I, I cursed those two specialists that I, I saw two different specialists and, and they didn't do shit. They said, oh, you gotta be on this medicine for the rest of your life. Then the second one, after I, after I saw Coach Kyle, I went to somebody and they did a, what you call it? MRI, on my, on my, on my thyroid. And they were saying that it's not enough data yet to know if, if you damage your thyroid from getting and putting a lot of red naked chokes.


Oh really? They said it's not enough data yet. 'cause I asked him, 'cause have you ever been in a red naked choke and you fight so hard then your throat hurt a little bit already. Oh yeah. Yeah. They, I asked him about that. He said, yeah, it's not, it's not enough data yet. You guys haven't been doing this shit long enough for us to know. Oh, that makes sense. That makes sense. That it would hurt your thyroid. I mean it's right there. It is right there. So they, they don't know shit yet. But I mean, you would imagine I mean if you, your organs are getting hurt by getting kicked. They bleed. you know, you piss blood after you get kicked in the body a bunch of times. Yeah. Fuck Yeah. Yeah. I would imagine it hurts your thyroid I mean if someone's got a real good squeeze and you get your neck. That Happened to me several times, but over the years, but, you know, I didn't really think anything of It. And how many times in training.


Yeah. Yeah. Constantly. That's, that's where they, that's where they get, Yeah. Well that's what most people get really beat up from really. Right. Yeah. Most of the brain damage that people get is from training. Yeah. Especially in the early days when people basically just fought in the gym. Do you remember when Marvin Eastman fought Travis Luter? No, I didn't see that one. Marvin Eastman fought Travis Luter in the UFC and Travis Luter caught him with a right hand and knocked him out cold. But it was like at the end of the punch. It didn't look, it didn't look normal. It looked like something was wrong. And what I had heard was that Marvin Eastman had been Ed twice in camp. Mm. At least once. I know he got Ed. At least, I think it was by Tito. I think they were wrestling.


This Was after I fought Marvin. Or before it, After you fought Marvin because you fought Marvin in 2000. This was in the UFC. Oh, okay. He was in the UU You fought in the UFC. You fought Marvin in The U ffc. That as well was, yeah, 2007. Yeah. I don't know if the Travis Luter fight was before, after that fight. See, see if you can see it, find it. Jamie, Travis, Luter KO's. Marvin Eastman. 'cause Travis who was an awesome juujitsu guy, wasn't known as being like this crazy puncher. And, but you know, when you see guys that have fought that have been hurt real bad in the gym, you know, that happens all the time. you know, guys get Ed in the gym. That's what Happens. Is Ninja. Really? Yeah. The shoebox guy. They was sparring so hard, fucked up his career.


2004. So this is before you fought Marvin Eastman. That's right. You fought Marvin Eastman about thousand In 2007. Yeah. So he catches him on the end of this punch. And Travis Luter man, Travis Luter was one of the best Brazilian juujitsu black belts to ever compete in MMA. And he was a guy that, he was the, the worst weight cut I ever saw in my life, ever when he fought Anderson for the title. Mm. So look at this. Oh, isn't that crazy? Yeah. I mean it's a good right hand. But, but it seemed crazy, right? Yeah. I think your chin just goes sometimes. Yes. But what I had heard from him was that he had been KD in training pretty bad. Do you think it's mental?


I don't know. Like I don't think that one was mental. I think if you've been KD I think your brain's damaged. Just like if you hurt your hand. If you break your hand and it's still fucked up and you try to punch someone, it's gonna get hurt. Same thing as your head. But you, you would think that, you know, 'cause your body heals itself. You would think your, your brain would rejuvenate over time. It doesn't Really. It doesn't. No, no. There's a lot of problems with, with the brain and healing. And one of the problems, there's, there's a lot, right? But one of the problems is the, the tissue, the connective tissue that keeps the brain centered in the skull. That stuff rips over time. And that stuff is, once it's gone, it's gone. It doesn't return, it doesn't heal back. It's just like taking your meniscus outta your knee and your brain is just slapping around inside of there.


And guys get cod way easier. You think stem cells have that because I believe in stem cells. I do too. Yeah. And I know you go to that bio accelerator place, which is great. A lot of people have gone there And helped. It changed my life. Yeah. Stem cells are incredible. but I don't know if it helps That your brain rejuvenate, Especially not helps you take a shot. It might help you heal from too many head injuries. but I don't think it helps your ability to take a punch. I think once that goes, that's gone. You, You knowing that, would you let your son fight? I would let my son fight before I'd let him do football. Your football's way worse. I think it's way worse. They did a, a study on CTE with football and they went from high school all the way into NFL players.


And in, even in high school kids, most of 'em have it. And then you get into NFL, like people play all the time. Like they played like peewee, they played junior high school, high school, most likely. They have some form of CTE. And then you get into, if you get into NFL, it's like 90 plus percent of the guys have CTE. I never Heard of this shit till recently. We had LER Jones on our podcast. And John Jones brother. Yeah. You met him before? No. And he, I've seen him at the UFC though. Yeah. He seems like a real cool guy. But he was saying that people diagnosed him with CTE but he said he didn't believe in it. Wasn't Chandler the one that had some sort of an incident where he went crazy? Yeah. Yeah. He did have something like That. Yeah. A lot of people don't believe in things that are still real, you know, Facts, you know.


but I didn't know what I, I'm just not hearing about this shit now though. You seem fine. Yeah. Yeah. Fuck it. you know, I, I don't take a whole lot of punches. I got that covering road baby. Yeah. I a covering robe. Yeah. You've always been defensively responsible like that. Yeah. Yeah. You covered leg kicks except leg kicks. Leg kicks. You got mad at me once. but I wanted you to throw more. Yeah. 'cause your leg kicks are devastating. Yeah. I I would see when you would hit guys with leg kicks. I was like, damn, I wish Quentin would throw more leg kicks. I got, I got to apologize to you about that. Well, I Apologize to you too. I, I'm like, it's not personal. I just No, I Know. When I'm looking at you, I'm not thinking of you as a human being when you're fighting. I know you're a human being, but I'm, I'm looking at, I'm analyzing movements and what I think a guy can do to be more successful. I, I don't I mean to hurt your feelings. No, You didn't hurt my feelings.


It was nothing that you said. I'm a I'm gonna clear it up for you right now. It wasn't nothing you said it's the fucking fans. They all come, like, when you said it and you kept saying it, they all come to me on my social media ever since social media. So I'm explain to you this is, you remember when I was fighting in Pride, I would, I would check leg kicks if they was hard. Except for, except for Orona. I I wasn't gonna check his leg kick because it would've hurt my knee. Wow. but I would check the leg kicks if they, if they were hard. But if people in the UFC they wasn't really kicking that hard. Really? No. Their leg, their leg kicks wasn't that hard. So I'd take 'em And I tried laying a punch. But the reason why I wasn't kicking that much is because they would, they would desperately trying to take me down. Right. Even though I, I, I could wrestle. I started late.


I'm not the best wrestler. And, and the, if you wanna take somebody down, you going to, you going to get 'em when they got their leg up. So that's, but you Were a very good MMA wrestler. Yeah. Like you knew how to use it in MMA. Yeah. Yeah. I, I, I was never good at one, one a. When I put 'em together, that's when I felt like I was, I could come together. But so one time I tried to kick, when I, when I, when they had me fight Matt Hamill, that's the only fight I never want. That's the only fight I ever wanted to, to back out of. I never wanted to fight that guy. Why? Because I, I just felt like he was a boring fighter. And I got tired of fighting wrestlers that hold me down and hump me and shit. And I was like, you know, it is fucking for me, I like exciting fights. Right. I'd rather, I'd rather lose an exciting fight than win a boring fight. It's just been my style.


Mm. And I didn't wanna fight him. So I remember when I was fighting him and they was the back of my head. I like a Joe Rosen gonna talk about me mad fucking kicking and shit. So I threw a fucking kick and sure enough, he almost took me down. I did not want that guy on top of me. So I said, ah, fuck this. I never kicked again after that. That's funny. Yeah. That's, I kick him HI kick him practice. I I, when I spar, stuff like that, you know, I love Muu Ty. I, I started taking Muay t right after that fight with sba. I started training with Colin Oyama when he was, he was training Tito. I went straight up to Big Bear. And I started training Collin's. Very good. Oh yeah. He taught me the cover and roll. Yeah. I, I learned a lot from that guy. Yeah. He's very good. Yeah. He's trained a lot of MMA fighters. Yeah.


He, he, it's interesting when you see those guys that were around in the early days that are still around now. Yeah. you know, and how many different iterations of MMA they've seen, like the game has changed so much. Like you watch young guys now, like there's guys that are entering into the UFC now that are elite fighters. They're already elite. First fight in the UFC. Yeah. They're world class. It's crazy. You remember how it started off? You just knew one motherfucking thing. Yeah. Yep. Wrestling or kickboxing or jujitsu. Yeah. Yeah. One, one of those things you were good at and everything else, you're just hoping to get to whatever the fuck it was that you do. Yeah. And it was crazy when like, people like Carl Parisian came around with judo. Like, what the fuck this motherfucker doing? Judo.


Carl was throwing people through the air. Carl was like one of the best judo guys to ever compete in MMA. He was fucking good, man. Yeah, he was good. Yeah. Yeah. And I had to train Judo one time. It made me respect it a lot more. I, I was fighting, I forgot the damn guy's name. I think it's Ishi something. And he was like a judo gold medalist or some shit. I had to fight him in Bellator. Big motherfucker. So I had to train Judo. I, I trained him for like a week. I gave up, said fuck this man. My wrestling gonna take care of this shit. Well Those guys are so judo guys are so strong. 'cause they're throwing bodies around all the time. There's always like hoisting bodies through the air and throwing 'em around. I rolled with Carl once.


He was the hardest guy ever. Like you. His body was like, he didn't look impressive, but he was crazy strong. like a chimpanzee, like just throws you around. It was like, there's such a evidence, like a big difference in strength with a guy like that that's just used to throw like Hector Lombard, he's another one. Yeah. Hector crazy powerful. Yeah. Kyle, he used to train with me, TDO and I think Randy Couture, he used to kick all three of our asses taking turns and we all bigger than him. Wow. Yeah. He, he was a beast. He was a beast man. He was a beast. I remember his fight with Diego Sanchez. Holy shit. That was a wild fight. Yeah. I like to see him come back because Carl Yeah. He, you know how Old is Carl now?


He Gotta be younger than me. I'm 46 now. He gotta be younger than me. Or Carl Had a bad leg injury. Mm. And he, he tore his hamstring and never got it surgically repaired. Mm. So he was always like, one leg was always like 40% of what it should have been. Oh. It was bad. To the point where he had to take painkillers and a bunch of shit. It was, he had a hole in the back of his leg. Like he, you ever see a guy that like tears their bicep? Yeah. And they get that weird Yeah. Where curls up. That was how his leg looked. Oh. So the back of his leg had like a hole in it. Like his hamstring was gone. It's hard to come back from next year. Yeah. So all he could have had it, but he would've had to have surgery right after the tear and he didn't. And so once it curls up and locks in place, like I guess they can't bring it back.


Oh Yeah. How do you feel about the like, older guys like me and Rashad and Mark Coleman, all of us fighting in like a league with other older guys instead of putting us with younger people. That's not a bad idea. like a legends league. Yeah, because we still love, we still love it. We still love to fight, you know, but it's just, we just can't compete with the, with the Youngest guys. Yeah. Father time is undefeated, bro. Father Tom never loses. And not only that, like these young guys haven't had all the injuries that the older guys have had. Yeah. you know, you see older guys, they look fine, but you know, who knows what fucking neck. Ah, my knee, my hip, my, my fucking wrist. There's always something. If you've had 25 MMA fights, 35 MMA fights, you got problems.


Yeah. There's no if fans or buts about it. Yeah. I don't know anybody who's not banged up. Man. When I get outta bed in the morning, like the first couple steps, I'm like, damn. Was it worth it? Yeah. But you, you came out better than most people. Yeah. I didn't have to, I already had an injury coming into MMA, my, my knee was fucked. I fucked my knee up in college. but I I haven't had, I haven't had too much. What'd You do with your knee in college? Man, my teammates, half of my teammates wasn't coming to to to practice. And the coach was like, since you guys not getting your teammates here, you gotta work out for them. So they used to pair us up in groups of tools and make us do 15 pushups.


Other guy do 15 reps. Then you go all the way down to to five. Right. And after two weeks of that, we got so strong we was balling out on everything. Right. So I'm wrestling one of my teammates and he tried to get a single leg on me. And this right when I was getting better at wrestling, I was getting good. It was harder to take me down and everything. I was in lasting junior college and the wrestlers there, they was like the rejects, but they was all good. They had to come there first, then they went to D one schools. Right. And I'm wrestling this guy and he's still my friend to this day. He get mad when I tell the story and he's going in for a single And. I wasn't giving it up 'cause everybody was talking shit to me. I was the runt on the team. It was the worst wrestler there. And, and I was, I had, I think I had took him down and he wanted to his take down back and he took my, my leg and he bent it sideways and went, Ooh.


And I. Think he told my meniscus or some shit. And last, they didn't even take me to the don don't even know what happened. They never got me mri. It just threw me away. Really? Yeah. And I just let that was it. Yeah. Just it, I I let it heal up on it own. And it never got a hundred percent, never. It never was the same. Wow. And then I, I I, I think that was my meniscus. don don't know. but I injured my meniscus when I was training for Ryan Bader, I, I had like a little p posture tear and the doctor told me, no, you don't wanna fight 'cause you can rip it all the way. And, and it's another fight in Japan. It's hard for me to pull out in Japan. That's why I think it's a good idea for me to go over there and make some babies. Well it's amazing what they could do with stem cells now because I had a tear in my right knee.


And I got stem cells on it. I had a couple different cycles of stem cells. Now it doesn't bother me at all. Yeah. And I was like, fuck, I'm gonna have to get it done on my right knee too. 'cause I had my left knee part of my meniscus removed. 'cause I was, it was a bucket handle tear. So you know, it would lock out. Yeah. So it would lock straight. It like pop ah, and then you can't bend your knee. Yeah. You're like, oh my god. And then it's painful as fuck. Yeah. They used to have the Rico Rodriguez, I used to corner him one time in his fighting his, and that was my job ev in each round to pull his leg out. Yeah. Rico didn't have an ACL. Yeah. He fought at the highest level with no ACL. Yeah. He was the first guy I ever heard that did that. I'm like, that is crazy. He didn't give a fuck. Crazy.


It's crazy what fighters put up with. I know. Well there's fighters right now that are fighting with no acls. I know. A couple of 'em Football players wouldn't do that shit, huh? No, No. You get it repaired. I Think we should, I think we should get doctors like them. Like, you know how they have like what you call those like physios, They. do I think we should have that on, on every team Have like a, a set of physios and people that, because we don't know what the fuck we doing. Right. Even till today, we don't know. We don't know shit. Well that's Why the UFC Performance Institute is so important. you know, because that UC they have everything. Everything. Yeah. What? Yeah, I thought I leave that guy. All This shit. Yep. Oh. The UFC Performance Institute is like one of the most high level training environments in the world. People come and do their camp in Vegas.


So. like if they, if they know they're gonna fight in Vegas, they'll come to Vegas and bring their coaches and everybody does their whole camp at the pi. PI is Incredible. I never been there. Oh my god. It's amazing. They videotape all the sparring sessions so you could watch it from multiple different angles. They'll, they have it up before you, you could review. I see. You do this, you drop your hands. See you do this. You can't, you can't defend like that. You gotta do this way and you watch it all on high def videotape. They Charge you for Camp? No. No. You just go train there. What the fuck? Yeah. All the UFC athletes can go train there. They have nutrition. They feed you? Yeah. For free. Oh yeah. They'll get, they'll set you up with meals. Yeah. For free. Not only that, it's all nutritionally balanced for like their work with a nutritionist for your weight cut for everything.


Yeah. I didn't, I didn't all healthy foods. I got more respect for the UFC now. Oh, It's incredible. The place is amazing. I did a tour of it. It was amazing. It's amazing. I mean they have sauna, cold plunge, like you name it. Every modality, red light, anything that can help you heal. Anything that helps you get better. And It's, it's for free. For the fighter. For free. For free. Now say what you want all strength and conditioning equipment, anything you need, bags. Everything. Everything you need. You Just gotta be on the UFC roster to Use it. Yep. If you're on the UFC roster, you go there and train. Say what you want about Uncle Dana. Buddy. He, he did a lot for this sport. Oh my God. Without him this wouldn't be possible. Like you see what happens with these other organizations with regular dudes running it, they all fold up. They fall apart. Yeah. you know like the UFC have the name in the beginning, but they ran with it after that.


Like, because Pride had a name too. Man. Pride. People don't know. Pride was bigger in Japan than the UFC was in America. Yeah. At the time pride way before the UFC could ever do this, pride was selling out 90,000 seat stadiums. Yeah. I remember it. Pride was like almost at the level of NBA is here. Yeah. In Japan. Like, I remember fighting then the next day my, my cornerman, they would go and get a newspaper, a Japanese newspaper, And. I'd be on the front page of the fucking newspaper. Wow. Yeah. Like you never see that shit here. No. Well, you kind of do now. Well, I don't, I don't know about Yeah, because don don't see newspapers. I Mean, you see, well, newspapers don't really exist anymore. But like, when it comes to like news coverage, like my newsfeed was overwhelmed with Alex Pereira's knockout.


Oh, for real? Yeah. Oh, that's Good. Yeah. There was so many pictures of it because it was, you know, it was a giant Van. Just ES ESPN though. It's on. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. But all these different websites were covering it because it's just First of all. Like when you got a guy that's that dominant, you know, that's, that's what people love. They love a Mike Tyson. Yeah. They love some dude who's just fucking everybody up. Like, you can't wait to watch 'em fight people. 'cause you know what's gonna happen. Yeah. you know, he's gonna fuck people up. Yeah. What fucked up Pride was they lost the, the contract with Fuji tv. Hmm. It's crazy that it could be so big in Japan and then dwindle away to almost nothing. So you see events from Japan now, it's like a shadow of what it was. Yeah. Risen. You would think that Risen would do what Pride did.


Right? You would think, you would think rising. Ryzen would like, it would fill in the gap. Like if the UFC went away, the PFL would probably take up the slack. you know, if something happened, someone the UFC decided, you know what we found Jesus, we're, we're not no more fights. Everybody Good, good luck. Take care. We're gonna close shop for some crazy reason. So those guys will go somewhere and there's, everyone has a name. you know? Right now the only way an organization could benefit, like PFL signed Francis. That's probably the only way that PF L's gonna get people to pay attention. Like, you have to have someone like Francis, bro. Who is he gonna fight though? This is wild Brazilian dude over there who's fucking Dangerous.


That big guy that beat up Ryan Bader. Yes. That guy's fucking dangerous. He's huge. He's Huge. And he can strike. But that's the only guy. That's the only guy. I mean. They maybe if Francis, if, if the PFL gets some heat behind it because of this, maybe if they have the money, like I know there's some other countries that are involved, like the Saudis, if they get involved and they start throwing money away, maybe You think he'll go back to boxing. Yeah. 'cause he's made so much money, you know. But you know, like after the Joshua fight, it's gonna be different. Right? Yeah. So the Francis Ano fight, it was, you know, he's fighting one of the greatest heavyweight boxers of all time and drops him in the second round.


And everybody's like, what? And then he beat him up in the eighth round too. I thought he won that fight. I Thought he won that fight too. Yeah. I, I thought he won that fight too. But you know, if they're setting up that Usic fight, they were not gonna Yeah. Yeah. It just seemed like the fix was in. Yeah, it was close enough that they could pull it off. You can go. Okay. Maybe, maybe you could see him winning that, but I don't think so. Yeah, I I thought Francis won it. A lot of people thought Francis won it. The guy Renan? Yeah. Oh, there's that big guy. Huh? This dude, what is his name? Henan Herrera. Ferrera. Henan Ferrera. He's big too. He's like six, seven. Look. Whoa. That knee.


6 8 2 66 8 2 60. Yeah, bro. I think Francis can get him though. Oh yeah, man. Well, look, Francis can get anyone, anyone alive. Anyone alive. If that guy hits you, he could put You asleep. Man, Francis surprised me when he knocked out Alistair over in, that's when I was, that's when he came on that radar. I was like, who the fuck is this guy, Bro? That was, to this day, one of the scariest left hooks of all time. 'cause his head snapped so far back. It was like he was looking at his feet. Like he was looking at his ankles behind himself. Like it was crazy. Yeah. I never, I never, I never saw that. And Then when he knocked out, steep a good lord. Yeah. I mean with the little gloves on like, and leg kicks and shit, there's not a whole lot like that one.


Come on, man. Yeah. That kind of power. Yeah. Francis man, Dude, I took a picture with Francis in Saudi Arabia. That motherfucker's twice in my size. He's huge. He's big. He's huge. I'm happy that he went and got paid. I'm happy that he got that money for the Tyson Fury fight. 'cause everybody was dismissing it. Danny was dismissing it, and then he drops Tyson Fury and a lot of people's eyes won the fight. Like, fuck yeah. And then he gets a big payday against Joshua. I'm happy that he made money, but I wish he would've made that money in the UFC. I wish I, my dream fight was at heavyweight John Jones and Francis And I Still think to this, there was actually an article that I read this morning that with the Saudis, you know, the UFC is now doing shows in Saudi Arabia that, that Dana is not opposed to the possibility of a, a joint promotion with John Jones versus Francis.


Wow. That would be huge. Huge, huge, huge. With all due respect, I think John Jones is a smart enough fighter to not fight Francis' fight on that one though. Really? Yeah. John Jones, he ain't no dummy. Yeah, he, he's a, he's a smart fighter. I, I always say John Jones is Neo Neo from the Matrix. Yeah. Yeah. That kid, his mind is so strong. I think that he would desperately try to get Francis down to submit him. He, he won't be dumb enough to stand. No, he won't stand with him. No. John, as good as he is, has never been like a one punch knockout guy. No. you know, he, he beats guys up and strangles him and Yeah. Beats him up on the ground. But does he have Any knockouts From one shot?


I mean he, he head kicked Daniel Cormier. Yeah. Yeah. And dropped him with that and then beat him up on the ground. Stopped him. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, most of the time he just mauls people on the ground. Yeah. He don't I don. Yeah. When he, when he punched me, he was like, I was more worried about the eye pokes than the punch. He does A lot of that. What do you think about that man? Like the gloves that they have, right? I think to this day, I know the UFC changed the, their gloves and they got new gloves. Now, And I think the new gloves are definitely better than the old gloves. But Trevor Whitman has the best gloves ever. You ever see his gloves? No. No. but I heard that when the UFC gloves was coming out new come out with new gloves. I heard this. Somebody invented gloves that keep your hand, that kinda curled. Yeah, that's Trevor Whitman. Oh, okay. Yeah. But they didn't go with that one. No.


Apparently Trevor wanted some crazy amount of money for, for the gloves. U patent UFC For the patent. For the patent. I, I don't know what, like to sell his design, his product, whatever. And he wanted a lot of money apparently. And the UFC wasn't willing to, they, they were trying to make a deal with him. And I was telling Dana, get his gloves, man. They're way better. And excuse me. And his gloves are curved. They're curved so that your hand sits like this. Always. So that's his boxing gloves there. But where's, what about his bag or his MMA gloves? Does it show the Onyx Onyx is his company. O-N-X-M-M-A-M-M-A glove. That's the sparring glove. But there it is. I'm wearing it. Okay.


That's it. Yeah. That's when Justin did my podcast. Yeah. And I put his glove on that, see how it's curved? Yeah. Like that's not even me making a fist. That's just putting it on. Oh yeah. He put it on it's curved. That, that makes sense. But why he didn't just back off on the price a little bit. Like that's, that's, that's, He should have for sure. Here's my thought and tell me what you think about this. The UFC glows, the way they are right now. Why don't they cover the fingers? Why don't you have a glove where you have the padding on the knuckle, but that you just have a layer of leather that goes over the fingers and goes behind the hand like this. That way, even if you do have your hands open, you'll be running into it like this. It won't Like a mit You talking about like a MIT almost?


Yeah. like a mit, Almost like pride gloves a little bit, but over the fingers over, But covering the fingertips. I think the rappers will get upset about that. But why? Because you never do this. You never interlace your fingers together. Right. That's high abusa. Yeah, but I know. But like that no I mean covering the tips of the fingers. The tips are still gonna be there. The problem is the tips. The problem is the fingertip going into the eyes. Like every time you see a poke, it's like one finger going into the eyeball, you know? But if you have it covered up, at least it would be different. Like it wouldn't be one poke going straight through. It'd be a layer that's covering a layer of, of leather that covers over the tip of the, I need to, I need to see those.


But I'll tell you this, I've been fighting for 25 years. I've never poked anybody in the eye. Not even in training. Really? Yeah. I never, because 'cause why you, why you, why you gotta do this shit? You shouldn't do that ever. Exactly. John is a master Bro. Keeping face. I was, I was begging the referee. Yeah. I was begging the ref. I'm like, look, I never do that in fights. I never take my attention off my opponent. Yeah. but I, I was going to that fight. I was thinking about wearing goggles out walking the, because I knew he was gonna poke me in the eye. Yeah. I got poked in the eye in training camp, trying to train that shit. Oh wow. And he And, I had like a little red spot in there when we did the stare down here. I know he saw that shit. I'm like, damn. Giving him a fucking target. God damn. The he's, he's really good at those leg kicks too.


Oh man, those, those oblique kicks to the knee. I think that should be illegal, bro. You Think so? Yeah. Yeah. See, I'm thinking about starting my own MMA league, like Rampage style, you know what I'm saying? My own, what I think what I think MMA should be like. Right. And. I'm going to make that shit illegal. That one thing, That one sidekick to the knee. Oh, That kicked. Fuck that shit. Did you see the one Khalil Rountree landed? Oh my God. I got on him about that shit. Oh my God. Did you get on m about? Hell yeah. What did he say? He, he'd be like, man, fuck that. It was a fucking technique. It is a technique. But that guy got some scary mu skills. Oh my God. Yeah. I wanna go. Where the fuck he went and train? Yeah. Well, don don't know which camp he went to. Oh My God. I can't even, bro, I can't even watch that shit. I know. It's Horrible.


He tore his knee apart. Caucus was out for like a, a solid year after that. Look at that sidekick right to the Knee. Oh bro. That should be illegal, bro. Oh man. Full power. Dude. I can't, I can't even watch that shit. Just tears his knee apart. That's Horrible, bro. Bro. John bent mine backwards. My knee haven't been the same, but when I went and got stem cells, thank God, bro, that shit changed my life. I, I took my knee braces out. I could wrestle without my knee braces and shit after that. But before that it was hard for me getting in and outta my cars and everything. And I bumped into John Jones one day we was at, at a nightclub or something. And you know how I am, I, I fucking, I cussed him out. He was like, oh man, I'm sorry man. He was like, come on over here with me. We was going to go somewhere else. And, and we had to walk up on some couches and shit.


And he, And I tried to get up there. I couldn't 'cause my, this was before I went and got stem cells. My, my, I couldn't get up there 'cause of my fucking knee. He fell. I, I laid it on think like the, like the Jewish guilt, you know, they're talking about, ah, I laid it on, think on. He felt bad. And, and, and that for me that was like, that was good enough. I, I forgave him after that. 'cause he, he, he did feel bad. But my thing about fighting, I feel like we all Conrads and you know, and we, that's how we make our living. So I, I never, I never tried to really hurt nobody besides Rona. He, he made me lose my temper. That's, that's why I did that with him. But nobody else, I never really tried to hurt anybody so they can continue to keep making money. So I, I just have honor when I fight And, I want, I want everybody to, to understand like, look, this is, this is just a sport.


I'm not trying fucking, I'm trying to knock you out and stuff like that. But I'm not gonna try to man you, you know, Tiago Santos, he, he ruined both his knees. John did. Yeah. Both his knees after that fight had to get surgery on. He tore both of 'em apart. He side kicked the fuck out of his knees. Yeah. He does the oblique kick to the thigh too. He does it everywhere. So think about this, you are a promoter and you got this fighter that sells a lot of tickets. So you want to give him at least two fights a year. Three fights a year. But you got a guy like John Jones fucking your fighters up and now they fucking injured. And you and they, you be lucky they come back in two years or something like that. It's, it's not good for business. It's definitely not good for business. But it's still legal.


It's legal right now. So it's like, it's hard to say. Like, I see the point that you shouldn't be able to allow to target the knees. But then someone would say, okay, but you could roundhouse kick the knees, but you just can't sidekick it. Right. You can't hyper extend it. Can you front kick it? No. You can't front kick it. Right. Darren Till does it too. He was doing a lot. He fucked up Wonderboy's knee that way. Yeah. It's like the elbows, like you allowed to elbow somebody, but not in the back of the head. Right. But you remember John spin elbow? Where did it land most of the time? Back of the Head. How about wheel kicks and roundhouse kicks. A lot of times they land in the back of the head too. Yeah. You go over the top of the shoulder, bang. It's so at the back of the head that lands. Yeah.


Yeah. But those don't, those don't come off that often. There's, there's, those are A lot of roundhouse kicks land in the back of the head. They, they come off a lot. Yeah. Because especially if, like, say if a person is standing Orthodox and you're standing Orthodox and you throw a high kick and you go over a shoulder. Mm. You're hitting them right here. Right, right behind the head. Mm. you know how to do that kick. Yeah. And, I saw you kicking a bag. I was like, damn, I knew you was good at jujitsu. I didn't know you could kick like that. Yeah, that's what I, I used to do. It was a TaeKwonDo guy. That's how I started. I Called it Take your dope. Take your dope. Yeah. It's not good for, it's good for learning how to kick. That's what it's good for. It's not good for learning how to fight. You don't think it's good for MMA? It's good if you know all the other things. Yeah, because, but you have to know all the other things.


Things. Like, there's no one from TaeKwonDo that's just gonna go into MMA and dominate. Well, I think Anthony Petti Right. But he knows he's got great juujitsu, great boxing. I think he did move twi Great little Kicks. Yeah. Did He do put mu twi Pettis could do anything. He does everything. That Guy's a beast too. He's a Beast. That showtime kick where he fought Henderson and bounced off the cage. To this day, bro, highlight reels forever, Bro. That's like, that's like MMA, that's like some teching shit. you know what my dream was? I was training for one time, but I never had the balls to pull it off. I always wanted to do that. The all you could, the upper, the jump, upper cut. I was training for that shit. And Colin like, man, shit, your ass down. That's hilarious. I was gonna pull that off in Pride one day. But when the fight came, I just, I just didn't have the balls.


And so that's why I get jealous of, of guys that can do that shit. That they can pull it off in fights. They could be, they could be themselves. 'cause when I fight, I'm not myself. I'm not the same person that trained. If you come, if you come see me train, even when I was champion, you know, best in the world, at one time, I was best in the world. I was fucking the, the first unified champion of fucking MMA right before Anderson Silva did it. And in my mind, I was the best in the fucking universe. And when I train you come to the gym, I look like shit. Getting my, getting the dog shit kicked outta me all over the fucking gym. Really? Yeah. How come? I, I think, I think when I fight, I think Rampage comes out. you know, it's just my alter ego or something.


He's just, ah, but, but sometimes he don't show up Joe. It's the weirdest thing. And I. Nah, it's me after fight, you know, man, I like to joke around, laugh. Like, I, like, I like to say I'm a comedian pretending to be a fighter. So I'm out there and, and, and one time I noticed I wasn't howling before the fight. And this guy just walking me out to the fight, he dropped something and I'm bent down to Hepa pick it up. I was like, Rampage will never do that. That's when I knew it was like, oh no. I was like, he, I like, he's not here. I like, I hope he show up when I get in the fucking cage. Roy Jones Jr. Said he had something like that too. He called it rj. He's like, he goes, this is Roy Jones. He goes, but when RJ comes out, everybody's in trouble. Yeah. And he was on, he was on the next level too.


Oh man. Don don't know what that is though. don don't know what, what, what, what happens. Like I, I know in my locker room I'm joking and stuff up to five minutes before the fight. And then when I started howling and stuff, like, oh shit, Rampage is here. My team, they knew it. They used always, they used to always say, oh, there you go. I remember hearing 'em say it, It must be crazy for them to watch you spar and lose in the gym and not look good, but know that you're just working hard as long as you're in shape. Yeah. Once you get in there, the real ramp pitch comes out. Yeah. And one of my coaches said that, he said he knows people that's really good in the gym, but then when they getting out in the lights and with the pressure, they Right. They don't perform. It's way better to be the other way. Yeah. Look bad in the gym. Good in the fights. Yeah. Yeah. I mean. And there's also like, people put themselves in positions in the gym 'cause they, they wanna work hard.


So they put themselves in bad positions all the time. Yeah. That you would never allow yourself to get into. Yeah. In a, in a fight. I do that with the Jiujitsu. 'cause I never really liked Jiujitsu a whole lot. And it was like my worst thing. So I used to just start rolling with myself in guillotine chokes or get put in bad positions just To fight out of things. Yeah. All the time. Yeah. And I wouldn't tell my, my sparring partner what I was doing. Oh, you just let 'em get you in there? Yeah, I just let them get me and stuff. And I try to work my way out. That's why I was always, I only been submitted like two times with Rear Naked Chokes. I just, those, those, those are my kryptonite. Ra got me. Who else got you other than soccer? Robba And John Jones. Oh, That's right. I, you know, I didn't, I didn't train with tall Jiujitsu guys for him.


I had a tall guy to spar with, but I didn't have anybody long in length like that. And I didn't think they would make a difference, but after the fact, like fuck Yeah. It makes a difference on the ground for sure. 'cause they can secure chokes from places that you just can't get to. Yeah. Training for that guy was the, was like the hardest training camp. It was the hardest thing. I remember my coaches, I just listen, my coach don don't watch the fights. They was like, if he turns South Paul, he gonna throw this kick. If he do this, he's gonna do that. Had to train for the, for the bleak kick. For the, for the spinning elbows. That was, that was the, that was the, that was the hardest motherfucking training camp it before him. It was, what's the, I having a brain fart?


The Brazilian guy. The karate guy. Karate Kid Theto. Oh my God. That training account was so hard too. Training for a karate guy. He's softball too. Oh, he was so good too. In his prime. Theto Machito was a beast, man. Yeah, bro. I had to bring in like, karate guys. I had this, we brought in this karate coach and, you know, I'm bad with names. And he was in that movie League of Extraordinary gentleman. Oh, okay. And he was a karate guy. And, and And I was with those managers from the uk So they knew him and Oh, the Wolfs there. Yeah. And they brought that guy in and he was getting mad when I was beating up the karate guys. I was like, this is supposed to be my coach. But you know what I'm saying? He getting mad when he, he brought his, his karate guys and then the first day was fucking me up.


But then I, you know, I learned And, I started fucking up the karate guys. He was getting mad at me. I'm like, man, you my coach. We, you know. That's crazy. Why was he getting mad? I think 'cause it was his Loyal to karate. Yeah. Oh no, that's Crazy. How, That's not a good coach, Bro. Martial artists have big egos, bro. They Do huge, huge, huge egos. Yeah. And they get real loyal to their particular style. you know, like one of the things that would drive me crazy when I would watch young guys is like, there was this guy that we were working with back in the day that was a black belt in Juujitsu. And he had this Muay Hai coach and his Muay Hai coach had him convinced that he's a dangerous Muay Hai fighter. Just dangerous. You, you're gonna, you're gonna fight. You're gonna stand up.


And I, remember they were asking him before the fight, is he ready? How's he feeling? He goes, he's Bangkok ready. He's Bangkok ready. Like, this motherfucker better shoot for doubles and take people down and strangle him. Like, stop all this kickboxing. You're not a kickbox. I'd watch the dude hit the bag and I'd go, please take that guy down. You don't have any power. Don't listen to this guy, man. No. You're fighting guys that are, that are real strikers. Like, you can't be striking with a real striker. You thinking you're striking because you're striking in the gym with guys and you're doing okay. Real strikers are different, man. Yeah. These guys in the gym are not trying to kill you. Right. Sometimes they let you, you know. Yeah. They don't want to. Especially if they getting paid.


Exactly. Yeah. Well they're also sparring. They're not fighting. Yeah. There's just a fucking giant difference, man. When someone's setting something up and they're just looking at drop and you don't even know what it is. Yeah. There's so many guys that get delusional because they're good at one thing. you know, they're good at one thing and they, they think that they know how to fight. One of Eddie Bravo's black belts was, he was gonna do MMA, he say, I'm thinking of doing an MMA And I go, how much training are you doing striking. Like, not much. I'm just gonna take him to the ground. I go listen to me. I go, you know how good you are on the ground? There's guys that are that good at standup. you know how you could just play with some dude as a white belt on the ground? There's dudes that they get in front of you. You can't do a damn thing about it and they're gonna be hitting you.


That's the difference. The difference is if you take a guy down, you get him in the arm bar, he taps. And that's the end of it. This is not that. This is you getting separated from your fucking consciousness. Yeah. And getting punted in the head. Yeah. By a, a leg. A leg. I mean you're, you're fighting Muay Thai guys. You want, he won up getting fucked up and that was his only fight. And I was telling him like, don't do that again. Don't, you can't disrespect that. Yeah. Like, you can't think that just 'cause you're good at this one thing. You're gonna be good at everything. But guys think that way. Which is like, one of the things I'm, I'm sure you've seen this like a lot of like real good kickboxers. They don't like to roll. Yeah. They don't like to roll. 'cause they don't do good at rolling. Yeah. They want to spar because they want to hit the mi they wanna hit the paths.


They feel good. They throw those, they look good. Hit those paths. Like yeah. Feel good. But you gotta do what you, you gotta do what you shit at though. Exactly. You gotta do it. But that's the difference between you who became a champion and some guys who just have big egos and they're fragile because you were willing to look like shit in training. Yeah. You were just training. It's just training. And then once you fought, you fought great. But it's just like, you gotta be able to look like shit in training. Yeah. And if you go and get good at juujitsu, guess what? There's only one way you gotta roll with guys who know how to strangle you because you gotta figure out how to defend yourself. Right. If you don't do that, you're never gonna learn. Right. And there's guys that were like real good fighters that just never learned that aspect of the game.


And they just always were limited. They always had a, a ceiling on how far they could progress. Yeah. I surprised a lot of people with my Juujitsu people. 'cause I didn't like it. And. I didn't never show it. People thought I didn't, didn't know it. But when I fought Dan Henderson, it kinda showed a little bit. But what helped me out is, you know, mayhem Miller, he, he was my buddy. We was like brothers, we still, mayhem Was Good. Yeah. He was good. He was my training partner. He was good. Yeah. And he went to train with Dan Henderson for that fight. Oh No shit. Yeah. And, and so Dan Henderson ground game was like mayhem. Oh. And Mayhem used to dominate me on the ground. So, so Dan Henderson was fighting like, I was like, oh, I seen this before. And he's not as good as mayhem at it.


So that helped me, my buddy go and train him. Mayhem was fucking good on the ground, man. I remember Mayhem. S Finest performance was against Soba when Mayhem, he beat the shit outta soba. And I. Remember watching that fight? Go And I. I had a phone call with him. We talked on the phone. And I was like, dude, you are on it right now. Like you, you are right now, you're world class. Like, just keep your shit together. And you could be, you could be like an elite fighter, like a world championship caliber. See if you could find Jason Mayhem Miller versus soccer Opera. I never saw, I, I don't think I ever saw, maybe I saw it years ago. But that guy's next, his jujitsu, next level, Next level. Very high level. Very high level. But you know, he was just whatever, just couldn't put it all together in the best fights.


you know, the Michael Bisping fight, George St. Pierre. you know, there was guys that knew how to beat him, but this, this was mayhem focused in shape training. Like, like full skillset. And this was when Sora was at the top. Oh, he was beating the Gracie and Stuff, right? Oh yeah. Oh. And dude, so Robba was still very good. I mean he was a little past that now. Mm. Like I think he'd already got Ed by a couple of guys, but he was still soba. This is not an old soba I mean he, he, he had his legs taped up like a mummy by that. Yeah. I saw Rabba a couple weeks ago in Japan. Yeah. He was Sora in his day. Man. I remember when he knocked that where, where he submitted Conan Silvera and everybody's like, what?


He submitted a jiujitsu black belt. Yeah, he's good. He's, he's tricky. He don't stop. He goes from one submission to the next. That's how he got me. So this is Jason like soccer. Rob is going for a leg lock and Jason defends. Jason was so good on the ground, like good luck catching him with something He won't tap anyway. Jason won't tap. Even if he, even if he got fight in a week, you get him an on bar, he won't tap break his, break his arm. He don't give a fuck. Jesus. Oh, he was a wild dude, man. He was a wild dude. And this was like a dominant performance over a legend. Look into the Camera, Gives the peace side to the fucking camera.


Once he got that right wrist tie, This was in Pride. Yeah. Man, man, I don't know why I didn't see This one. Oh no. It was dream. That's what it was. Dream. Oh, that's what it Was. That's what it was. Yeah. So this is post Pride? Yeah. What year was this? Does it say No Man, he's fucking sucker Robert. Oh, he fucked him up, dude. It was a complete domination. 2010. 2010. Yeah. So This is like, oh, soccer. Rob had already been Yeah. Beaten up by a bunch of guys. Oh, okay. And then he gets in my arm triangle, Bro. This is it right here. Yep. And the first Round. Yep. Look at that. Tapping mayhem. I couldn't believe so Robert tapped. Yep. He had To. I thought he would go to sleep. I think he did go to sleep. Did you know soccer opera is a fucking chain smoker?


I Heard. Isn't that crazy? Crazy, bro. How? I don't know how he, how I don't know how he has the, the fucking cardio he Has. Imagine the cardio you have if he didn't chain smoke. Do you remember that fight? When it, when, what was it? Was it ho Gracie and they, they took the time limit out. Yeah, that's because they knew he was a smoker. Really? So they just wanted to drag it out. Yeah. 'cause they thought that he was gonna get tired where He's gonna want a cigarette. Man. I did a movie with him in Japan and he had to take a smoke break every five minutes. Wow. Every, every five minutes, bro. Wow. Every five minutes. I'm not over exaggerated. And was this like when he was in training? Yeah. Back then he smoked that much. Yeah. This, this was like, this was like a couple years after I fought him.


Maybe like a year or two after I fought him. He was How Does he not fuck his lungs up, Bro? I think, I think it's mental. I think, see I think a lot of things is mental. I that's, I, I I believe in the power of the mind. I, I used to have a really strong mind back in the day. Like, remember I told you about the forest kicking me the calf kick? Yeah. Bro. My mind was so strong back then. I, I healed, I healed my leg up and in between rounds because my shit was in pain. but I, I was mentally strong. And I also think that's why I lost that fight because I had the manager at the time that I wasn't, I, I didn't trust him anymore. And I remember him saying like, if Rampage lose his fight, I'm gonna retire. And. I was, I was, I had been trying to fire him a couple times, but he got pulled on the heartstrings every time.


So I was thinking, I I think subconsciously in the back of my mind, I lost that fight. So you think maybe if I lose this fight, I can get rid of this guy In the back of my mind. but I really wanted to win because I was champion. I didn't But But you were torn. Yeah. And, but in the back of my mind. But my mind was strong enough to heal, heal my leg up where I, where I could go. I couldn't feel pain. It was really, my leg was really fucked. And that, that fight, I, I still think I won that fight when I went back and watched it. I think I lost two rounds. And, I won three And. I lost my belt. I'd have to watch it again. Yeah. but I feel like it was a very close fight. I remember that. I Remember being a close fight. but I remember I slammed him. I think I dropped him a couple times and, and And I think the only thing he did was really like, hurt, hurt my leg.


And it was like the first round or second round. but I think I won the last three. but I remember watching it again. 'cause you know, I'm, I'm honest about it. When I fought Ninja at the time, I thought he won And. I told him right then And I was like, oh bro, I thought you, I thought he won. I thought I got my ass kicked. But they gave me the dec decision. I'm honest about that shit because I So you said that Ninja got hurt in training? Yeah, that's what, that's what the word around the campfire. Because you know, shoebox, they, they spar hard, hard. And and you heard, you haven't heard about him fighting in a long time. He he retired a long time. I already had some sort of brain bleed. Yeah. They they get knocked out a lot in, in sparring. Yeah. Those guys, I heard some, some other people was training there with them. Say they, they go full grade.


I heard that Shogun and Van Dele, they fought for a puppy because Shogun had some pit bull puppies and Van Vandalay wanted one and he was gonna offer him to sell it to him. He said let's fight for it. And he vandalay cod him and took the puppy. I believe it. I believe it too. I believe it because those apparently those guys knocked each other out a lot. They were like Savages of MMA bro. I think they just didn't understand that you, it's like a punch card. You only have so many holes you could punch in that card and then that's it. And if you're sparring like that, you're kaing each other and then you're back in the gym on Monday. Like that's nuts. Yeah. 'cause 'cause normally when you get knocked out, well you gotta take 30 days off.


You should take a long time off. More than 30 days. Yeah. A long time. Like Justin Gate, he said he is gonna take six months off and not do anything for six months. After that Max Holloway fight, He's not even gonna train Don don't know I mean. I'm sure he is probably training, probably, you know, working out a little bit. But he's not gonna do any sparring At all, bro. I think that's the most iconic knockout in MMA Ever, Ever. One second to go in a five round fight that he was dominating and a five round fight where a lot of people thought Max was outgunned. I thought Max was, I thought Max was winning that fight. He was winning. but I mean outgunned like going into the fight. Oh. Oh, Justin Gs his big koko artist. Yeah. He just got done head kicking. Dustin Poirier, he's a 50 fiver. Max had lost a few times at 45 to Koski and everybody was thinking he was past his prime.


And then Max just puts on a fucking performance of a lifetime man. But I always knew Max Boxing was his next level though. Next Level. But his heart and mind is next level too. And Mac people also forget Max is only 32. He's just been in the UFC for so long. His first fight in the UFC was 20 years old. Oh yeah. I didn't know he was that young. I think his first fight was Conor McGregor. Was it? Yes, I think so. Go to Max Hollow's career record Ufc. Did he beat Connor? No, no. He lost a decision. He was the only guy to survive in the early days of Connor when Connor was flatlining. Everybody. This is 1 45 Connor. No, his first fight Was against Dustin Poer.


Oh that's right. He got an arm bar against Dustin. Yeah, Dustin got him in an arm bar. And then the second fight was Connor, correct? No, he Had, that was like his sixth fight Actually. Really? Yeah. No shit. Wow. And then he, okay, wow. He had so many fights, man, isn't that crazy. So he lost to Dustin Poer. That's his, that's 2012. And then Pat Schilling, he wins. Justin Lawrence wins Leonard Garcia. Leonard Garcia, yeah. I forgot about Leonard. Shout out to Leonard. And then he loses Dennis Bermuda. I forgot about Dennis too. And then he lost to Connor. He, that kid was 20 years old at that time. Wow. Which is wild man. Yeah. Way back in 2013. And then he goes on a run and then his run, like look at his, his win streak after that Conor McGregor fight.


I mean that is a crazy win streak. Charles Olivera, Anthony Pettis, Joe Aldo twice. Ortega fucking crazy. And then he fought Dustin again at Lightweight. He tried to fight for the interim UFC lightweight title, but he didn't really gain weight, the correct weight. And he talked about that. He said he had like a little muffin top on the top of his shorts, you know. And so then loses the Vulcan osky a couple of times. Beats Arnold Allen, who's really fucking good. And a lot, lot of people stills like, eh, then he knocks out the Korean zombie and people are like, Hmm, maybe. And then the Justin Gates, you one people are like, oh shit, we forgot. We forgot man. Max is the man, man that, and he's such a nice guy too. Nice guy. Great Dude.


And the nicest guy. Great dude. Yeah. I, I wanted ask you who, who you think has like, is the most well-rounded in MMA right now? Like this good at like three or more more arts? That's a good question. That's a good question. It's hard to say. you know, it's hard to say. Might be Sean O'Malley. Sean O'Malley's not the best wrestler, but damn his take down defense is fucking good. 'cause he survived against Aljamain. you know I mean Aljamain couldn't take him down. He can knock anybody out with one shot. Yeah. That, yeah. He submitted ta or Gome in a juujitsu match. His juujitsu is real. Like Sean can do everything and he's just relentless, tireless worker.


He is a star Superstar. Hey, how you seen, how you seen those, those posts that, what's his name? Mo, how do you say his name? Moab. What's his name? How do you say his name? Which one? The guy, I thought he was Mexican. Marab. Yeah. Yeah. Moab. Oh, Rob Dovish Will. Yeah. I thought he was Mexican when I first met him. You see his post he dude about Sean O'Malley? The Oh yeah, he is tried to get him to fight him. Yeah, But have you seen his post, His recent ones? Man, he got a, he got somebody that looks like Sean O'Malley. He be doing crazy shit to that motherfucker, bro. That dudes funny, bro. you know, I like funny shit, man. Yeah. Robb's funny. Yeah, ma Robb is an animal man. What he did to Henry Soto? I was like, I can't even believe this is happening. I was there When he carried him, when he picked him up and then he's like, like stuck his tongue out and he walked over towards where the UFC people were and then slammed him, slammed Henry Soto Olympic Gold medalist.


Who the fuck does that, Bro? I'm, I'm convicted for that fight. 'cause you know F three sponsors look at that Henry. Right. That Is crazy. So brought him over to Zuckerberg. That's right bro. I think that was was that at the Apex? No, that in Anaheim was, That's Right. Heim was in Anaheim. I was there in the crowd. I mean, then he had him in a 10 finger guillotine. This dude maam is a scary character. 'cause that motherfucker never gets tired, bro. And his heart is cra Did you ever see his fight with Marlon Moroz? No. don don't think Marlon Moroz had him dead to rights. He had him out. I mean he was battering him. And Marlon is the best guy who never won a title in the UFC. He was so good. But he would fold.


Something would happen. He would fold up. Like when he started getting KD a few times it all went away and it fell apart. He's a cop now in Florida. Mm. But Marlon in, in that fight, he had Ma Robb in all kinds of trouble. And Moab just wouldn't stop. He Got a big heart, huh? Oh, his heart is enormous, man. It's un he's unstoppable. Like his mind is unstoppable. I mean you could beat him. Ray Borg submitted him like way back in the day. He got him into guillotine. But guys, you know that, that he's just keeps getting better too. Rab, every time he fights, he gets better. You think he's gonna beat him? You think he's gonna beat him? Him now? He's The worst matchup for Sean. The worst matchup on paper for Sean in that division is Rab. Mm. Because if you would say, if you have a chance to beat Sean, how would you beat him?


You gotta take him down, right? Yeah. I would imagine. I don't think there's anybody in that 135 pound division that can deal with that height, that length. Ko power, footwork and movement. What he did to Cheeto. I was shocked. I was shocked. 'cause the first fight, you know, Cheeto beat him. He kicked his leg and fucked him up and got him down. But in the second fight, Cheeto didn't have a chance. Now Cheeto's a beast. He's A beast. He's a beast. And he hurt him real bad in like the last couple seconds of the fight. He hit him with a liver punch. He hit him with a Cheeto, hit him with a nasty left hook to the liver. And man, if he landed that fight early in the fight or landed that punch rather early in the fight, who knows? But Sean is so good everywhere. Yeah, he's so good at, and you can't, you can't corner that guy.


He's just moving, you know, you can't like corral him. He's just constantly like, sh and, and the consequences of moving in and like, what, what Aljamain did? He just got a little rushed. He rushed in on it. Yeah. He got hit with that right hand. Yeah. You can't rush on that guy. No. I, I wonder what Al Jermaine was thinking and he said he, he, he kicked himself after that. I think he just got just, he just rushed it. He just tried to close the gap. He wanted to get ahold of him, you know, and he just tried to rush in. I think Alger mean's better at 1 45. Anyway. I think Alger mean's so big. I I was always shocked that he could make 1 35. He's another guy. Right? He would walk around a hundred seventy six, a hundred seventy five pounds. Like how, how are you losing 40 fucking pounds?


I Don't know how they doing that shit. Killing themselves. That's how killing themselves. But when he rehydrated at 35, he was like, just ripped. Yeah. Just Jacked big muscles. Strong as shit. And his back control is better than anybody's man. Yeah. When he cooked, took Corey San Hagen down and strangled him. I was like, oh my god. Corey's good, Man. You think Alger Jerman gonna make a comeback? Yes. Yeah. I think he's gonna make a comeback At 45. Four five. Yeah. Yeah. Who's, who's the, who's the champion at four five right now? Ia. Topoya. Topoya? Yeah. don don't know a lot of these nude fighters. I, I, Ilia Topoya is a monster. He's a monster. That dude's good. He the guy who knocked out Ul Kovski. Oh Yeah. I think I saw that was the same night that Henry and what's called Fault, right?


Yeah. Ia Por is a bad man. That's him right there. He's a bad man. He's very, very, very good. but I wanna see Sean O'Malley versus Corey San Hagen. That's an interesting fight to me. If he can get past Rab, That's his next fight. Moab. When is that? you know, they already got it set. I don't know when that is. I heard rumors that that was gonna be at the Sphere, which is in September. but I, I've also heard rumors of other fights at the sphere that That one's gonna sell out right away. I don't Fuck. Yeah, that one's gonna be nuts. You gotta go to that. I want to go, I, I heard, I heard Dana said that he only gonna do one and done there. Yeah, you gotta go to that one. I I would love to go to that one.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's gonna sell out right away. I be trying to ask Tiki to get me tickets sometimes to, you know, help me out, Bro. I got you. You got me. I got you for that. Let's go, Let's Go. Come on. You gotta be there for that. I would love to be there for that. Yeah, man. You gotta be there for that. Yeah. UFC doesn't hook you up with tickets. Nah, You Know, that's ridiculous. You're a former champion. You should get tickets for the rest of your fucking life. if I was running the UFC No. No offense to the people that are Yeah. Champions. You get tickets forever. Forever. you know what? I, I fucked forever. I fucked up my, my relationship with the UFC by doing that fucking movie over that Rashad fight. What was the movie? 18. Oh, That's right. That's when, that's when I fucked up my relationship with Dana and everybody.


Mm. But it was, it was the hardest decision of of, of my, my life. I lost money during a movie, but it, but I'm not really fueled by money. I'm not, you know, I don't love money, but I, I I, I always wanted to do that movie. It just came at a bad time. The thing about doing a movie though, is that if that takes off, then you're the rock. you know? Who fucking knows? You're John Cena. Who knows. Yeah. There's a lot of guys that have become action movie stars. Look at Randy. He did The Expendables with Sylvester Stallone. Yeah. Crazy. Like you could get a real career in the movies and you Can't fight forever. Right, Exactly. And some certain things like that. Like Huh. But you know, the UFC, they're a business.


Yeah. And their business is making fights. I understand. you know, I, I understand. I understand Dana's point, you know, 'cause I didn't sign a ballot agreement. That's the only thing that that saved me. But, you know, it was, it was supposed to be in my hometown. It was big. It was just come off that ultimate fight. It was, it didn't, you know that the episode that season broke records. Yeah. So I, I understand. But it was just, it was just so hard for me to turn down that, that that movie, And I try to keep my word when I give my word that I'm gonna do something. And I was already dedicated to that project. Even when John John Singleton was attached to it. And I was like, you know, this is what I'm gonna do. Yeah. It's a tough call. Yeah. When you were on the Ultimate Fighter with Rashad and you broke that door, I was like, they need to get new contractors.


That's the cheapest fucking door I've ever seen in my life, bro. Whether do you know it or not, most doors inside your house looked like that. Yeah. They're bullshit. They're bullshit. I had no idea. but I was glad it was because my dumb ass, I lost my temper. And I headbutted it, bro. I'm still embarrassed about that. Oh really? That's, that's one, that's one of my most embarrassment, embarrassing TV moments. Just because you lost your temper. Yeah. I hate, I hate to lose my temper, bro. Mm. I hate. And it is so embarrassing. I, IIIS like relationships, friendships. When I, when I lose it, I just get embarrassed. And that's why I never post that shit on my, on my social media. That shit is embarrassed. But fuck, fans love that shit. They loved you tearing apart a door. Yeah. Fucking True. And they love you. And Rashad like, you a bitch. Treat me like a bitch.


You a bitch. Treat me like a bitch, bro. I Hated him, bro. I hated, I hated Rashad. I hated he. Yeah. Like what you talking about earlier, the mushrooms, it changed. He's a totally different person. He's a different human being. He's likable now. He's very likable. He's a sweetheart. I still wanna knock him out though. Who do you wanna knock out more? Him or Shannon? Shannon? Yeah. He keeps calling you a pie. Yeah. Who calls people pies? Some wrong with that guy, man, He's fun man, bro. He, he posts I love that dude. He put my, my, my face. Let's face let's go champ. Yeah. He put my face over, over fat women's bodies and he keep fat shaming me. And he's fatter than me right now. Like, I'm like, what? Why are you so delusional, bro? You did not rip no more.


Did you ever see where he was on a boat and Vladimir Klitschko was out there paddleboard. He went and fuck with him when he was on the boat and made him fall off the paddleboard. He's A fucking troll. He's a fucking troll man. He showed up While he was eating a poured water. His face started eating his food. When When you eat, we eat. Yeah. So look at Shannon. Let's go. What's up? Let's go everywhere you go. I go, Huh Huh. Yeah. You think it's funny? You think it's funny now you think it's funny. Now you see me. I'm everywhere baby. This just don't seem like a guy to joke around like that though. Everything You do, I, well find the one where he finds him eating.


'cause it, because there's like, he was doing everything he could to get that fight because he fought his brother. Right. His brother stopped Channing, I think. Oh, did these two ever? They didn't, they didn't fight. No. So he, he sits down while he is eating. What you eat? I what you eat. I ate cha Started eating his food. Eating his food. That's right. That's right. That's right. I told you He's helping him eat. Chris Ain't give Him some food. You here have a glass of water. Then he pours the water on his head. He's sl the fucking, he could sell, he could sell the fight though.


That motherfucker. Oh yeah. Well, that shit sold fights man. Look. And Shannon in his day was a dangerous boxer. He was a very, very good heavyweight boxer in his day. He showed up at the gym when Klitschko was sparring. He showed up everywhere. I mean he was the bane of Klitschkos existence. Yeah. Kind of amazing. That fight never happened. I thought. I didn't know which one it was. I thought it was that fight that it was his brother. Right. I didn't know. I didn't, I didn't. No, He fought, he fought Shannon fought Lennox Lewis and had a great showing too. Like he hurt Lennox at one point in time in that Fight. Shit. Len sent his ass to the hospital. He Did. He beat him bad. He beat him bad in that fight. Yeah. Lennox was a monster. Yeah. In his time, man. Lennox was one of the greatest of all time. Hell yeah. Yeah. I'd love to see Lenox against any of these guys today, Man.


I was in Saudi Arabia before that Tyson Nu fight. And we was meeting with the, what's the, what's his name? Turk the Prince or whatever. Yes. And he asked, we was, he had all the fighters that they invited that had us all in the room. And they were talking about doing like the legends, boxing. And he asked who wanted to fight Ly Lewis? And nobody said no. I raised my motherfucking hand. And I was like, yeah, I'll fight him. And Lys came over there, came to me and like checked me out and, and looked at me and stuff like that. I was like, yeah, shit, they paying big money. I, I want a box. I've been asking to box for years. Nobody wanna fight 'em. So I thought they was gonna put it together. And then Shannon said, oh, Saudi Arabia want us to fight.


And they never put that fight together. I know that they were talking about having Lennox fight Mike Tyson. It was right around the time after Mike Tyson fought Roy Jones Jr. And they were talking about making that, but it didn't come to Fruition. I think Lennox really don't wanna fight. Yeah. I just, why? That's why that's the feeling that I got. but I think Lennox would've fought me. It'd be a good fight for him. Well, that's a, you know, it's, that's the thing, like, you'd have to wonder, is Lennox working out at all? He looked like he was in good shape. He didn't look like overweight or anything. Right. He's Not overweight, but is he working out? Like, I don't even know, you know, at least before Mike Tyson, Fort Roy Jones, you got to see all that footage of him training. Like, okay, Mike looks good.


Like you could, you could sell that. But if you don't, you just decide to start working out again at 50. Whatever he is. How old is he? I don't know how old he is. I hope, I hope Lennox is older than me. I'm 56. I think Lennox is like 58. You 56. I'm 56. You 10 years older than me. 10 years older than you. Damn. And he's older than you. Yep. He shouldn't be fighting. They, he shouldn't. You don't think they should be fighting past 55 or something like that? It's I mean. I think a person, again, just like, I think he should be able to do slap fighting. You should be able to ride bulls, do whatever the fuck you want Don. But over, Over like, like Mike Tyson. Fighting, fighting, I. don, don. Don't think you should be able to stop a person from doing it.


I think if they pass medicals, if they want, look fighting's bad for everybody. It's bad for 20 year olds. It's bad for 58 year olds. you know, I just feel like you should be able to do whatever you want to do. I mean, look, look, riding bulls is always bad. It's always bad. But yet bull riding's legal, you know? Yeah. Those BMX flips, those dudes do those flips. They paralyze themselves all the time. Skateboarders. They fall down, break every fucking bone in their body, get horrible head trauma. That's legal. I feel like you should be able to fight. If you, if you're an adult human being and you make a decision and you pass the medicals, they look at you, they say, yeah, he doesn't have brain problems, he doesn't have heart problems.


Let him fight. But they should fight people closer to that same age though. Yes. Yeah. That's the Jake Paul thing is kind of crazy. Yeah. you know, Mike is 50, he just turned 58 yesterday. Yeah. So Mike is gonna be 58. Jake is gonna be 28. Jake's active. you know, I mean you see Mike run, it doesn't look like his knees are in good shape. Oh, for real? I Haven't seen it. No, it doesn't Look good. I just seen him hitting pads. He's done some sprints and stuff and people look at it and go, But I'm, I'm gonna tell you something. With all due respect, Mike Tyson just looked like his body type is awkward anyway. Yeah. The, the way he moves. So that might just be him. Have you, have you ever seen him dance? Yeah. He dances awkward. Yeah, so, so I assume that maybe part of him running like this is just his body, body mechanics.


He's just, he's just like a awkward dude Perhaps, but he is also 58, you know, and then all the punishment of all those years, you know, I know he is, had back problems and neck problems. I believe he's had neck surgery, you know? Yeah. It's 58. It's 58. There's no if hands or buts. But then again he's doing stem cells peptides. I would assume they let him do hormones. Everything he wants I mean. There's no way they're gonna ask him to be clean at 58 years Old. But that's a dream fight to fight Mike Tyson though. I'm telling, this is what Lennox Lewis said after the use Usic, he says, do Huckster still try to entice Lewis back in the ring? He says, yeah, They do. But as my friend says, I ain't no fool. Hopefully that means a rejection of any stunt of a comeback for an undisputed championship.


As a, as significant as Lewis. Right. Undisputed champion rather as significant as Lewis. He laughs. I was seeing if I could catch you out there for me. Money talks, bullshit walks. Does that mean that he would consider an astronomical offer to make a return? That's what I'm saying. I'd 100% consider it. Lewis is still smiling when I ask if he works out regularly. Yes, I do. I ran five miles this morning. I swam a couple lengths, 100 meters, then I woke up and took a shower. Oh, He's joking. He looked like he still trains though. When I saw him. Yeah. I didn't see him with his shirt off or anything. But he, you know, if I, He's definitely not fat. No, No. He look, he looks, he looks good for his age.


How Old is Lennox? 58. 58. Yeah. So it's Like same age as Tyson. Yeah. It's Like when you get to that age, it's like Why? Yeah, because If you get hurt bad at 58, you don't really recover. you know? Yeah. I mean if you watch a guy, did you watch a Vander versus Vitor? Oh my god. Yeah. That was sad. Yeah, that was sad. And that's the same kind of age. Like I think Evander was 59. Yeah. During that fight and maybe 58. But Vitor just beat the shit Out. Did you feel bad for Evander? Yeah. Did you, did you want to like give Vitor a little talking to No, 'cause if Evander could, he would've done that to Vitor if everything was working correctly. I don't even think he took that on a full camp.


No, no. It was a short notice. 'cause he was supposed to fight somebody else. They pulled out. Right, Right. But how can a guy, like a vendor at 58, 59 years old, whatever he is, fight a short and he didn't look good. It's like Vitor hurt him to the body with that left hand. you know, Boxers, they don't respect MMA fighters. You Better respect Vitor. Yeah, He, because he was a boxer first, wasn't he? Yeah, Well he had good hands. I mean he wasn't necessarily a boxer, but he was a jujitsu black belt under Carlson. Gracie, when I first started training in 96, I started at Carlson Gracie's place. And that was when Vitor was, he fought for his first time. He fought John Hess in Hawaii and he fuck John Hess up. John Hess was this big tall dude.


He had some crazy system. I think he called it Safta. It was like a lot of nut punches and eye pokes. And he was a kind of a dirty fighter, like a dangerous mean dude. And Vitor just beat the fucking shit out of him. And he was 19. He was so fast. I remember that. He was like 200 pounds. He wasn't a big guy. Right. And see if you can find that. Vitor Belfort versus John Hess. So this is Vito's debut. This was happening while I was training at that academy In the UFC. His fight was in the UFC. This was before the UFC. And so this was 96 ish, somewhere around there. And then in 97, the first time Vitor fought in the UFC was the first time I worked for the UFC.


That was UFC 12. Did He fight ventilate? No, He fought Scott Rozo. And this Vito right here. This is Vitor. See, look at this dude's fighting with pants on. Oh my God. Look at that shit. Oh bro, look At that shit. Why the referee? Oh my God. Because no referees didn't do jack shit. Look at the referee's Aroy head. Go pull it back to the beginning. So you see the beginning of the fight. That's all it showed. It was some, that's all it showed. Showed it again. He was a fucking kid. Here It is. So he storm didn't, how is a bad footage? Yeah, it didn't. So he stormed across the, the fucking ring and just teed off on that dude. So I was training at Carlson Gracie's place. And I was learning Juujitsu I was a white belt at in 96. And Vitor was making his UFC debut.


And I. Remember? Everybody thought like, oh, he's a black belt under Carlson Gracie, this is gonna be a Juujitsu match. Oh, here it is. This is like real shitty footage of it. So he grabbed John Hess. That's A big motherfucker. Huge. John Hess was huge and Vitor was not big. And Vitto just dragged him to the ground and beat the fuck. Look how thin he is back then too. Look how fast he's thrown a look. How many, Oh my God. His hand speed's insane, bro. They look like a murder. They look, I just witnessed a murder, bro. He Basically did I mean he could have kept going and he would've been dead. you know? Have you seen his son? No Vitor son? No Bro Fi find Vito's son hitting the pads. His son is apparently a star football player, like a elite football player. But crazy hand speed for real.


Hitting the paths looks fucking phenomenal. It's wild to see because it's like that's gotta be genetic. So here he is at his hand. Speed. Damn, that's vto. His sun kind of keeping his chin a little up in the air throwing punches. But But he is not a fighter though, huh? No, but I, I don't know. I mean he's sparring bro. The kid has crazy hand speed. I mean, you gotta think like with Vitor as your dad. I mean those jeans. That's some real jeans, man. Look at him hitting the pads, man. Fucking dude's got hands damn hand speed. Like wild hand speed. He Should let him get out there. Yeah, look At those fucking combinations, man.


Yeah. Fuck. Crazy Hand speed bro. But that was Vitor when Vitor was young. So when Vitor fought in 97, I remember we all knew, but we were like everything. He's a Jiujitsu guy and you, you're gonna have to deal with a hail of punches coming from this Guy. You remember when he fought Ventilate? That's when he came on my radar. Yes. I Was like, well, he wore shoes and just went, apparently he was so scared of Angela. He was terrified before that fight. That's what everybody was saying. He was like crying in the locker room, like did not wanna fight Vandalay, but just went out there and starched him in like 10 seconds and just Fucked him up. He never gave him a rematch, right? No. Fuck that. He ran across the octagon and just blitzed him. Never seen shit like that before. No, It was wild. And look, his sons, look, my son was sparring with Anderson s Silver son a couple weeks ago.


Wow. And he gave me an idea. I said, fuck man, we got fighters now. And we all got kids like in their twenties. And so we should do a fucking reality show with, with the fucking kids. Well how about AJ McKee? Yeah, AJ McKee's. Good Man. Next level, bro. He's Very good. Yeah, Very good. Next fucking level, bro. Yeah. Yeah. And everywhere. He's a guy who's well-rounded Bro. I've been knowing that kid since he was three years old. I knew it already. I'm not even surprised because I used to train him as dead. That's what bothers me about other organizations is that a guy as good as AJ McKee doesn't become a household name. Nobody knows who he is. Like that's sucks. That's what makes me, that's what upsets me when guys wind up going over there. Like I get it. you know, like Corey Anderson, they Didn't wanna let him go, bro.


They didn't wanna let him go. I told his dad, I said, man, get him over to the UFC. But He's under Contract. Yeah. They, and be to, they just kept offering him money. They didn't wanna let him go because they, because he, he'll walk a highlight reel. Yeah. He's so good. But it's still not good enough. The Bellator thing, it's just like, you can't be famous over there. You can get kind of like Venom got famous Michael Venom page got famous from some of the knockouts, some of the things he did over there. But even he like, now he's famous, he's in the UFC, but he's 37 in the UFC. Like, I would've see Michael Venom page in the UFC at 27. Yeah. Like, good Lord, Bro. I'm gonna tell you, I I can barely go anywhere without guys asking me for a picture and stuff around. Right. I left the UFC went to Bellator now for years.


I was in Bellator for years and, and people come asking me for a picture, they'd be like, man, I wish you hadn't retired. Like, dude, I just fought last week. They have no idea. Federator do not promote fights. No, they don't fucking do shit. I don't, don don't get it. I don't understand. No, Nobody knows who's watching. Yeah. It's unfortunate. It's unfortunate. I mean, I get it, that fighters will want to go like to PFL. Right. If you win that tournament, you make a million dollars. So Olivier Obama, Mercier, he, I think he won it twice. So he won $2 million in the PFL. Nobody watched, nobody knows who he is. I mean, it's just I mean people know. But nothing in comparison to like a Dustin Poirier or someone who wins in the U Ffc.


Bro, I'm gonna tell you this. If AJ McKee goes to the UFC, I would, I would bet money. I've never bet on fights. I would bet money on him and he'll walk through the whole thing and get the belt easy. That's why I How old is AJ now? He gotta be like 26. He, hold on. He be, how old is He? 29. 29? What? Yeah. Damn. I didn't know he that much older than My son. Still in his fucking prime. He's in his prime bro. How much longer is his contract over at Bellator? don don't know. I, because now the Bellator sold to PFL, like Yeah, they're not really, they're two different organizations. Right? Like one of 'em they're gonna do overseas is Bellator and the PFLs are here. Yeah. I don't under don don't understand that. but I like their belts though. When you, when you win that thing, have you seen that belt? The belt's are good. Yeah. With the, with the ring. When you Six fight multi-year contract.


And this is 20, 23 year and a half. Yeah. Fuck I I I wish you would've went to the UFC 'cause that kid, Why do you sign that contract? They must up, they must up him money. I don't wanna put his business out there. But his dad said that AJ is really successful. And I think they was paying him monthly on top of everything. They did what they had to do to keep that kid there. Well that's the thing. If you do have a talented guy that has a potential of being a star, you cannot let him go. Well, belt Tower lost Michael Chandler. And look what happened. Michael Chandler became a fucking star. Like people don't even know Mi Michael Chandler fought Eddie Alvarez in some of the craziest fights in Ator. They're both dropping each other. I mean wild, wild fights and no one saw them.


you know, no one I mean some people saw them. I'm exaggerating, obviously. Yeah. But no one in comparison to like, who saw him knock out Dan Hooker. Yeah. Or when he knocked out Tony Ferguson. Right. So, so teach me this. So in ator maybe their views, they get like a million. Do they even Yeah, They get, at least I got the numbers when I was, when I was fighting. Right. I got at least like a million 1.5. What, what like the USC do a free fight. How many million views do you Dictate? That's a good question. I don't know the answer to that. So They gotta be getting at least 20 million If they have a free fight. Like on ESPN plus, I don't know how many people, I don't even know how many people are subscribed to S ESPN Plus. Like, let's find that out first. 'cause you have to watch it on ES, ESP N or ESPN Plus.


So if they have, well They do a lot of those cards where they, the like fight nights where they'll have it on ES, esp, N as well. ESPN. How many people are watching ESPN? Millions. Millions of people. Yeah. So if you have like a, a big event, like a nice fight night, like they had that last one that was a fight night. The one that they did from Saudi Arabia where Bobby Knuckles. Robert Whitaker. When? When he just fought and won. That's, that's probably millions and millions of people. And then you got all the other people that are watching it all around the world too. Like it's not just, you know, it's not just America, it's people watching it. Yeah. In Europe it's Sky tv.


It's like, you know all the other countries that are watching it. The USC is just a bigger name product. People don't know what a bator is. That's why they sold, I think they were losing money handover fist. I heard they were losing a lot of money. It just, it's hard to make money if you're not the UFC. Yeah. But they, but they don't know how to promote. PPFL must be making money. I don't think they are. don don't know how they could be if they're paying a million dollars to the tournament winners. Like how are they doing that? I would imagine the only way I mean it's one thing because it does, it's a good promotional thing. You tell people how much money they make and you get people like, oh shit, maybe I'll go over there. And you get people thinking they can win the tournament and maybe you can lure like more big name guys.


But then PFL has that weird point system that nobody understands. Do you know that PFL? Yeah. They gotta, it's a crazy, like if you win by a stoppage in the first round, it's three points. If you win the second round, it's two points. Third pounds, one point. It's like points. Bro. I never watched it. The only time I watched it was when they had that Bellator versus PFL. Yeah, That's, it's very weird. Yeah. Well that was interesting too. 'cause you get to see like, there's levels like Johnny Lin versus Imp Sy I don. Really? I don't know. Now when the motherfuckers Imp sys fucking good, he's the guy that lost to Joaquin Buckley by that crazy head kick. Oh yeah. That jump spinning back kick head Some more comeback shit Left Leg. Yeah.


Grabs his left leg and walk, hops up in the air and hits him of a jump spinning back kick to face. After That he got kicked outta the U Ffc. Well he left the UFC and went to PFL. Mm. And so he was representing PFL and, and Johnny Lin, who's the PFL middleweight champion, who's really fucking good. And he's like, one of the guys out there that I looked at, And I said that guy could be like a UFC star, but IPA and him had a war and like IPA won a lot of that fight. It was, it was a good fight. And so it's like, there's guys out there that are really good fighters. That's my point. And nobody's seeing it. Nobody's watching them. Well, oh, what happened to that guy that did that? That Buckley guy? What happened to him? Oh, he's in a, he's in Welter.


Nate Welterweight now. He dropped down to Welterweight and he's very successful now. Oh. So he's doing good. He just knocked out Vicente Luque. And who did he just knock out in the first round? He just fucked somebody else up too. He's fucking good man. And he keeps getting better. Joaquin Buckley just keeps getting better. The thing about him is like, every time you see him fight. That's right. That RBO guy that he fought, that guy's a big dude. He's like six foot three. Six foot four. And he fights at one 70. Wow. And he beat him by unanimous decision. Knocked out Vicente Luque before that. What's that? Six five? Yeah, He's six five at one 70. That's nuts. And you know that, and that guy was like very highly touted going into that fight.


But Buckley beat him. Buckley at one, seventy's a real force. He's a real force. He's just like, he's one of those dudes. Like he's never stop. He's never gonna stop learning and growing. Every time you see him, it's a better version of Buckley and his cardio is crazy. What, What camp is he at? you know, he's Got a very small camp in Detroit. you know, it's a very small camp. It's not a, not a big gym, man. I haven't heard of many fights coming outta Detroit. Yeah, there he is. Mercy Lago. Mercy Lago. MMA. And it's Detroit, right? I. don Dunno doesn't say it does not say I'm 90% sure. That's where he is at Louis St. Louis.


Where he's from. He's from St. Louis. Oh, Check. Hmm. Am I wrong? Yeah. This is fighter out of St. Louis. Outta St. Louis. So he trains his, I'm sorry. Mm. So shout out to St. Louis. Sorry, I confused you with Detroit. But point is, he is like in a small team. It's not, it's not a big team. It's not like a, he's not an a TT or, and there's some people that think that that's not good either. Because like I talked to some dudes that went over to train at a TT and say, Hey man, like you got these dudes coming in from Russia and Dagestan and like you're in wars every day. You're not incorrect. That is in Michigan. Oh. Looking up their page. It says like top MMA. So you was so, you was wrong. The Internet. The internet was wrong. Okay. The internet fucked up.


Jamie's never wrong. He's never wrong. This isn't Stuff I know. Okay. Laning, they're in Michigan. Laning Lansing, that's it. Lansing, Michigan. But lemme tell you something. Yeah. Joaquin Buckley's, he's, he's a real force at one 70. I think he could be a champion. It's just, he's just gotta keep growing the way he's growing. But it's like, you see these guys when they're on the come up, it's like there's so much potential. You never know. And some guys, they have so much potential then it just never comes to fruit. It's like, that's probably, you could speak to this. That's probably the hardest thing is realizing your potential. Yeah. Yeah. Because you don't know until you get out there. Right. And you gotta put it to test. And you go out there and some people, you know, you can be really good.


Right. And you can, and you can have like two bad days in the office. Right. Lose two fights in a row, then your career is over. Look At Max Holloway. Right. People will write him off. People thought before he fought Dustin Port, or excuse me, before he fought Justin Gaje that it was over. Yeah. And he's only 32. Yeah. You gotta reinvent yourself. You gotta, you gotta, you can't listen to all that noise. Right. Put your head down and go, I lost two fights in a row one time in my career. And it was like, I was like, what the fuck is wrong with me? But you gotta put your head down and, and, and come back and, and train. 'cause normally in the beginning of my career, like I lost to Mar Eastman in my first professional fight. Then I went on a long run. I didn't lose again until Ra then I losts Rob And. I went on a long run. And I didn't lose again until whoever, maybe it was Van.


I can't remember who, who beat me out after that. But you know, you just, and then you lose two fights in a row, then you start thinking like, what's, you start downing yourself like, what's wrong with me? What's wrong with me? Do I suck now? Is it over? And and then you gotta have a strong mind. You got to, you gotta come outta that. Did you Learn how to have a strong mind? Or is it just something that you, did you read books? Did you talk to someone? Like how did you develop having such strong, do I, Like I read Motherfucker. Do I sound I only gotta read books. I read one. Well, I can read the Bible, but I read two books in my whole motherfucking life. What's the other one? Christine. Oh, Stephen King book. That's A good book. Yeah. I was in jail. but I read that book. I had a bunch of free time on my hand. Ah. I went to jail in college. And I. Fucking, what'd you go to jail for?


One of my teammates was a fucking asshole. And he, he hit me in the mouth with, you know, the payphone, payphone receiver. I got this scar on my lip wherever side it is. Motherfucker hit me in the mouth. And I tried to kill him. Mm. And I. And he went to the hospital. I went to jail. It was self-defense. Right. But, but the problem was what, what fucked me up is that I went back and stumped him some more. And I. Think that was no longer self-defense. Once you did that, And I didn't. I didn't know. All right. You were just in The moment. I was in the moment. I was in the moment. And Tim Percy, the one you saw that name up there, that got caught with fuck methamphetamine. He was my roommate. He the one that pulled me off the motherfucker. Oh wow. And I. Wish I, I wish he would've just kept me in that fucking room. Maybe I would've wouldn't had to. But you know what? Going, going to jail at that time, that changed my life.


'cause you remember I got a real bad temper and that, that taught me how to control my temper going to jail. 'cause I hated jail. I was there for like 47 days up in Susanville. That changed my fucking life. I'm like, yeah, I don't see how anybody can go to jail or prison and fuck up and go back to that motherfucker. I think you had a life already. And some people don't. And I think they get to jail. And then in jail, you know where you're going to eat. you know where you're gonna sleep. you know who you you're hanging out with. And then you get out in the real world and you have no skills and nobody wants to deal with you. 'cause you're a felon. And then you are just lost. Yeah. And You say, I'd rather be inside. Yeah. It's like a, it is kinda like a, it is like you in this fucking circle motion where, you know, you got this rap sheet and you can't get a job.


Yep. I can understand that. People get institutionalized too. They get accustomed to a schedule. but I, I'd rather be, I, I'd rather be out on the street just doing odd jobs. It, you know, it's something else. You, you know, when I was growing up before I, before I started wrestling, I was heading for prison. And I. This is what I tell this to my, my boys. The thing that changed my life. My mom, my mom got remarried and she had, and her husband had this best friend. His name was Jerome Jackson. He got the same last name as me. 'cause he used to, when I used to get suspended for school, he used to go and put me back in school. Like he was my dad. I love this guy. He was a musician. And he, and he told me one day, he said, man, God told me to tell you something.


And this is back when I was, I, I'm from the Bible belt, but you know, I believe in God and stuff like that. But I didn't, I didn't know, you know what I'm saying? And I was like, what God told you to tell me? Something like, yeah man, he's just, you know, he, he put on my mind and tell you something and I'm gonna tell you. He said, don't judge me that I, I gotta tell you. He said, the way you going and the shit you doing, you, you know, you heading straight for prison. you know, I don't know if you know this about me, but, you know, I was selling drugs eight years old. I was just a product of my environment. Some guys that lived across the street from me, a lot older, they liked me. They taught me how to fight. I was drinking and smoking weed at eight. you know what I'm saying? Fucking bitches. I thought I was grown. And they was really smart. Eight Years old, you were fucking, Oh fuck yeah. Wow. Yeah, my first time, fuck, I was five.


Whoa. Yeah. I just grew up too fast. That's why I'm a big kid now. That's crazy. Yeah. True story man. I haven't lied to you yet. Wow. And the guy was really smart. He, he put drugs. He put the drugs and the guns and stuff on me. 'cause I was a kid. And he, and he was like, the police is not gonna look at you. And if They do take you to juvenile, your mama can just get you out. But if I go to jail, you gonna be fucked up. you know, I grew up kind of poor And I was a middle child. My mom really, she really wasn't studying me really. And so this guy fed me. And, you know, he gave me money and, and clothes and stuff. Shit I need. So I I, I didn't want him to go to jail. So I did it for him. And then after a while he taught me how to sell drugs. So that's the environment I was in. That's, and that's how I lived. Right. And my, my mom's husband, my, my step's best friend.


He, he knew it. My mom didn't know I was, was selling drugs. I was really slick. But he could tell I was living that street life. He said, you know, They do the young men in, in, in, in prison. I'm like, what? No, they fight 'em something. He said, no, they rape 'em, they fuck 'em. I'm like, well, ain't nobody fucking me. I can fight. He said, look, I seen you fight. I know you can fight now at this time. I'm like 15 years old. He telling me this. He said, I seen you fight, but I don't think you can fight five motherfuckers. And I thought about it. And I was like, damn, you know, I used to get jumped a lot, but five motherfuckers in prison, five grown men. And I was like, wow. He said, I said, really? He said, yeah, man, they, they raped kids. I said, this is what God want me to tell you. Let you know. don. Don't think nobody told you. I don't think, you know. Wow. you know, like, so whatever you doing, you want to get off that path.


And then I was thinking a lot of my friends was coming up dead and they was going to prison and they was getting hooked on drugs. So I was like, wow. That, that conversation right there changed, changed my life. And we moved to a different side of Memphis and then I started wrestling and nobody knew anything about me that I used to smoke weed. They didn't know anything. I just changed my whole life from that one conversation. Wow. So that's why then I, then I found it. I had been a juvenile before I got caught, like driving. Like I, like I said, I used to sell crack. So I gave this junk. He had an iroc. So I gave him some crack For, I'm like 14 years old. He Had an iroc Yeah. For a couple days. you know, I gave him some crack for his car. And I was driving that motherfucker. Then the, the police saw me. I took this one, one lady, she wanted to go to these projects.


I didn't know what she was doing, but you know, you know what she was doing. And she had me take her over there. And the police saw me. I guess it was a hot spot. And I didn't know. And I'm waiting in the car and it's like eight o'clock in the morning, the police come up to me like, what the fuck? A little kid driving his car. He said, don't your ass off. Be In school. That Crazy. And I couldn't lie my way. I couldn't lie my way out of it. And fuck, I went to juvenile and my mom came and got me out. My like, what the fuck you doing? I said, shit. My friend and me borrowed a car. My mom had no idea I was selling drugs. Wow. And I kept lying to her. She, she didn't know. And, and then that was just June. That's just like one get getting out. you know what I'm saying? Then I got some trouble. One time was, I was innocent for what happened, but I was in there for two weeks. And I didn't think about it. It wasn't that bad.


But when I went to jail and in college, I'm like, fuck this. I'm never coming back. Wow. And, but I'm kind of glad it happened 'cause it changed my life. And I can kinda control my temper better now. That's why I was walking out that room in the Ultimate Fighter. 'cause I knew I was losing my temper. I threw that water bottle. And I was trying to get out there and that door got in my fucking way. Mm. So I didn't want to, I didn't wanna lose my temper 'cause I didn't know. 'cause I didn't know if I was gonna punch Rashad or anybody came up to me. Right. I didn't know. I just wanted to get outta there. And And, I was like, fuck this shit. But it, I'm glad that shit happened to me in college. Changed my fucking life. Wow. And I can, I can control. I can control myself now. Long. As long as nobody don't punch me outta like violence or nothing like that. I think I can control it. Everything else. I, I, you know, I I just think about, I aint going back to prison.


Fuck that. Well, you've been able to control your mind in so many fights. you know that alone, I mean the, how many people get tested like that. Fights don't bother me. But sparring is where I, where where I have to control myself really. Yeah. Fights don't bother me. Sparring is where I, I lose my temper a little bit, but I'm scared because I feel like I'm gonna go hog hog wild and lose and lose my cardio. Oh. That's the only reason why I try to control it. And, and, and fighting and, and sparring. Oh, you The worst is like losing your temper when you're sparring. Yeah. That's why I lose it. I sparked. 'cause you get tired quick, Bro. I sparred. I sparred Luke Rockhold. Mm.


I hadn't sparred in a long time. And he's a southpaw. He's tall. His standup is fucking good. Yeah. And I. I just, I thought I was gonna be fighting Shannon. So I said, oh, let me start sparring. And he kicked the shit outta me. I'm like, he didn't even fucking let up. It's like it was fucking field day for his ass. I was so fucking mad. I tried to knock him the fuck out. And I. And I was so rusty. I hadn't sparred in years. My old ass in there with him south. I hate South Paws. And he kicked the shit outta me. I was like, oh, all right. And then next day I started running. 'cause my cardio was bad. Everything was bad. I started running, I was waiting as far as Ass Beck. I, I said, I'm gonna knock this motherfucker out. So right now are you training at all? Are are You training? Yeah. Yeah. I'm training And I.


I've been sparring and, and moving around. I I just did like a, my first Japanese pro wrestling match with Josh Burnett Blood Sports. Yeah, I saw that. Yeah. Yeah. So I started training MMA with my son because, you know, I couldn't, I didn't have anybody to train with. 'cause my times is fucking crazy. 'cause I got a podcast now because of your ass. You got everybody doing fucking podcasts. Crazy. Huh? It's crazy, man. Everybody, everybody their mama got a fucking podcast 'cause of your motherfucking ass. That shit is so time consuming. It takes up time. But it's a great way to be your own boss. Yeah. That's the best thing. And you're a funny guy Like you, your Jaxxon Podcast. That's a great podcast. Oh, it's fun. I watch it all the time. I watched it a bunch of times. Yeah. Oh, thanks man. Yeah. Yeah. You have great clips too. Yeah, guys, it's good man.


You're, it's a good thing for you to do because you could do that forever. People Were asking me to do it for years. And I was like, man, I, I, I don't have the drive to do this shit myself. But my friend Barrett, he, he got everything set up and he, he, he does everything And I just come and sit down and it, and it, and people start liking it. I say, okay, so I guess I'm doing podcast now. That's All you have to do is someone has to set it up for you. Yeah. If someone's got a good personality, they should totally do it because it's a way that you can make a living. You don't have to get hit, you don't have to be in shape. You don't have to do anything. Just show up and talk about shit. Yeah. Yeah. But how long this shit gonna last? 'cause I don't, I felt like it was watered down. I feel like everybody got a podcast now. If you're Good. Yeah. Everybody has a podcast.


It's 5 million of them. 5 million. 5 million podcasts. You started, How, how long ago you Started your 15 years ago? Oh god damn. Yeah. Yeah. Started in the beginning. There wasn't that many back then. There was only a few. What made you start your podcast? I, I always wanted a radio show, but nobody was ever gonna give me a radio show. So I would do radio shows and I'd be like, man, this is fun. It's fun to just sit around with friends and talk shit. And then when I started doing Oppi and Anthony Oppi and Anthony was a, a show on Sirius xm. And first of it, when I first did it, they were on the regular radio and then they went to Sirius and Sirius xm. And you could, maybe I didn't do it when they were on the regular radio, but the point was like, you could swear when they were on Sirius.


So it was And I would be on with like four or five other comedians. We would have a ball. It was so fun. I would look, it was the only show I'd look forward to getting up for. I'd get up early in the morning, smoke a joint, get a cup of coffee, go in that room and everybody would just talk shit. Yeah. We had so much fun. And I was like, damn, I wish I had a radio show, but no one would hire me for a radio show. And so I thought about it, I was like, nah, I'll fuck it up. Anyway, I talked about too many crazy things. It's like, I need to just do something on the internet, even if no one's gonna listen. I was like, at least it'd be fun in the beginning, you know? you know, if we were, we got a thousand people watch it. That was a lot. Nobody was watching it.


but I thought it was fun. So I just kept doing it. And then it just kept growing. I didn't promote it. I didn't take out ads. I didn't make videos. Please watch my podcast. I didn't go on other podcasts and tell people to watch my podcast. I just kept doing it. Just kept doing it. Just kept doing it. Just work ethic. And then eventually it started making money, bro. I was like, Hmm. Doing Covid. I, I heard people complaining that, that your podcast was more listened to than the news and people was hating on you. Like when, when you was talking about Ivermectin and stuff. Yeah. Oh my God. Well, they were threatened. They were, well that was also, they were being paid off by the medical establishment. They were being paid off. They were being paid to promote this one thing.


And that was the vaccine. And anybody that said anything other than the vaccine, I mean CNN did me so dirty, they changed the color of my skin to make me look yellow and sick. They, they fucking crazy. They kept saying I was taking horse d wearing, I got prescribed medicine by a doctor. Not only that, it was only one of the things that I took. I took a bunch of things, but they did not want this video of me saying I got better in three days. So it's a video of me. You see the real video. I look fine. I was fine. I wasn't lying. I wouldn't lie. And I had to cancel these shows. 'cause I was doing shows with Chappelle that weekend because we were supposed to be doing this arena. And I had to say, I'm sorry, we're gonna reschedule it. but I have I got Covid.


That's the only reason why I made that video. if I didn't have shows that I had to cancel, I would've never made that video. I only made that video because I had to cancel the shows. So I said, I feel great. It was three days ago. We threw the kitchen sink at it. I said, all these drugs I took IV multi multivitamins, monoclonal antibodies. I said all this stuff that I took Z-Pak, but they'd locked in on this horsey worm and it works like a fool. But what they didn't know back then, because people that I didn't talk about it. I never, like they knew but didn't know how big the podcast was. Oh, no, no, no, no. They didn't know how big that That's The problem. But they knew the drug worked Though. Right? They did know the drug worked. Yeah. They And it did work. Yeah. And it worked for a lot of people.


Yeah. That didn't take all the other stuff that I took. I was better quick six days after that, I did 10 rounds on the bag. I worked out five days after I got sick and I'm like, I feel pretty good. Next day I'm gonna push it. And then the next day I said, all right. There's one way to find out how, how good I feel. Set the timer up. Let's do some rounds. And I did 10 solid rounds on the bag at the end. I was like, I feel 100% bro. I swear it's totally normal. I swear about it. I knew I when you talked about it, I knew you was right because I had learned about it like a while ago, a little bit before when Covid first started happening, because I got this friend, she's, she used to box with Floyd Mayweather's dead. And her name is Miss Knockout. She got this assistant from some South American country.


And they had symptoms like covid years ago, like maybe 15, 20 years ago. And they took Ivermectin. And so she told me about it. She said, if you get covid, let me know. I'm gonna get you some ivermectin. I had never heard of it. She said this, this, she said, my assistant had covid and she and she got rid of in six days and had, you know, a negative to give a negative test. I said, okay. I keep it on my radar. And my son caught covid. I never caught Covid, but my son caught Covid. And I got the, I got the medicine. And I And I gave it to 'em. And They could have saved a lot of lives. Yeah. And they still to this day, ridicule it still to this day. People ridicule it. But meanwhile doctors prescribed it. And one of the reasons why they prescribed it is because there's a reason there, there's a medical reason.


It stops viral replica replication in vitro. That means in cell cultures, when you put ivermectin in with the virus, it stops the virus from replicating. So it just makes sense that it would stop it in the human body too. Yeah. It stops yellow fever and dengue. They've, they used it for river blindness. They've used it for a bunch of different diseases. Mm. It's also very healthy. It doesn't, it's not a dangerous drug. It's just one of the safest drug profiles of any drug. It's not a dangerous thing to take. But do you think your body get used to it? Because I take it for colds. 'cause I, I hate colds. I don't think it's something that you get used to. No, because I remember when I first started, when I first started taking it, 'cause I, I stocked up on the case. I got Covid And. I got like a, a little, little runny nose and a cold And I And I took it and it took it away. Right.


Right away. Right. And then the next couple times it took it away. Then like, the fourth time I got a cold. It, it didn't, it didn't, They tried to, well that it could have been just a different cold or a different, you know, different intensity of the cold. But they tried to ban a lot of other things secretly that also that help people. One of the things was thymosin. Thymosin is a peptide. It's a safe peptide. There's no history of like negative side effects. And they, they tried to ban it because people were using thymosin to get over Covid. They tried to do everything they could to make people take the vaccine. 'cause that's what was profitable. Yeah. Yeah. Everything. They tried to stop people from taking monoclonal antibodies, which also helped heal you.


Yeah. But that they, they didn't want any alternatives. So when they started attacking me, they were only attacking me because people could say, oh, Joe, Rogan got better. Yeah. Oh, he's healthy and he works out. I don't need that fucking vaccine if that 55-year-old man took it and he's fine quick. Yeah. And they didn't like, they exaggerated how many people died. The whole thing was fucked, man. The whole thing was fucked. They treated us like we were a bunch of sheep and a lot of people acted like they were a bunch of sheep. Yeah. A lot of people, you know, and they didn't have any alternative news sources other than podcasts. Yeah. And so then they were just ridicule. Why are people listening to the podcasts? And they should be listening to doctors. Well, because we don't lie.


Right. That's why. Right. I might be wrong. I may be wrong about things. I'll be wrong about things. I'm sure. but I don't fucking lie. Right. I'm not a lie. They're liars. They're liars. And they're on tv. The TV is filled with liars. Don don't even watch the news. No motherfucking more. Yeah. I don't trust that shit. You shouldn't trust that shit. I mean don don't trust mainstream news anymore. If they're telling you something, someone's telling them to tell you something. Some of the things might be true, but the reasons for those things being true, they're probably not telling you the truth About I'm, I'm, I'm gonna tell you Covid and all this stuff that happened, it woke me up to a lot of things where just not trust government and stuff and everything. And. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna be 100 right now. The main reason why I I decided not to take the vaccine is because I saw the interview with Bill and Melinda Gates Really?


That that interview them saying that they gotta give it to blacks and, and Latinos first. I was like, oh fuck that. I'm not taking that. They never gonna give out black ass shit first. Fuck that. Wow. That's why, that's why I didn't take it. I didn't take this shit just because, well, Look, the history of them giving vaccines to people in Africa, there's some horror stories. Yeah. They, they gave vaccines to people in Africa where they told these people that it was for, it was a, the DTP vaccine, but it had HCG in it, which is something that stops women from being fertile. And they gave it to 'em on a schedule that didn't make sense. So people started investigating. They found out they were putting enough HCG in it to make sure these women didn't have kids.


They basically vaccinated them against being pregnant. And who knows what the fuck that's doing to their bodies. Yeah. That's fucked up. And they didn't tell when they were doing it. That's fucked up, bro. Bro, there's a lot of, lot of sketchy stuff that Happens. So I see Fauci is getting in trouble, but how come nobody's saying anything about Bill Gates now? Why would we listen to him about medicine anyway? A computer guy About anything. Health. Yeah. He's fat. He's got a big pot belly. But he's A Computer guy. Not only that, he's got no medical degree. I mean, I don't even think he has a college degree. And he looks like shit. Like why are you taking health advice from a guy that looks like shit? Just 'cause he invested a bunch of money in the company. Yeah. I couldn't figure it out. Why? Why is he even on television talking about it? It doesn't make any sense. I Couldn't figure that shit out for the life of me. Well, Money. It's all money.


That's what I fucking, he made a lot of money off those vaccines by the way. He made a lot of money and he dumped, dumped all his stock and then he started talking shit about the vaccine. Oh, he's talking shit about the vaccine. Yeah. He talked about it after Jose wasn't as effective as we'd hoped. It didn't stop transmission. Like, oh, oh. Now you tell us. The crazy thing was that people that was taking the vaccine, they was the super spreaders. Well, what happens is, unfortunately there's ver there's different strains of the vaccine. And one of the things that they've realized with one of, one of the things that Virologists will say is you never vaccinate during a pandemic. The reason they say, and again, I'm not an expert, but the reason they say is when you vaccinate during a pandemic, it encourages variants.


Because what happens is when you have a vaccine, it targets a very specific strain of the virus. So then new strains come around that evade the vaccine's immunity. And so then you have all these new strains over time, it makes the virus weaker. Wow. So the new viruses get weaker and weaker so that they get more infectious so they can infect you, but it doesn't kill you. So you could spread it to more people. That's how viruses survive. They're sneaky little clever motherfuckers, these viruses. But when They do that, I mean, this is what veterinarians were saying, all these different virologists were saying like, you do not, but they silenced all those people. That was the craziest thing that happened is they silenced legitimate experts. They banned them from being on social media.


Yeah. They banned them from talking about it on YouTube. Cra people from Harvard, Stanford were like legitimate doctors who had a differing opinion about how things were handled. That's they were silenced and treated like fools. It's evil. They Paid all that money for their education. And then when it's time to use it again, help a lot of people. Not only that, science is always supposed to be questioned. Science is all about a bunch of different experts giving peer review on a subject. Right. But they're not supposed to be biased and bought and bought and paid for. But that's the problem with today when whenever there's so much money involved in one thing, like a vaccine or any kind of medicine, you get a bunch of people that are willing to bullshit in order to sell that medicine.


And so when someone doesn't want to do that and they have a different opinion, it doesn't go with the narrative. They just make that person out to be a crazy, that's a crackpot. They're nuts. Meanwhile, these are like legitimate PhDs, like legitimate scientists well respected up until that moment in their field. But, but you know what I ask myself sometimes? Like what if I was in that situation, would I sell out? I always say that about UFOs. Like I would lie, show me the UFOs. I won't tell nobody. I'll tell, I'll, I'll say all, all bullshit. I'll lie. I'll lie. Show me. Show me. I'll sell out for that. I'll sell out for aliens. You really believe in that, huh? Nah. you know, you got all these alien, these People. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know. but I don't. Why I, I do kind of, this is what I think.


I think the odd if, if there's alien life out there. I think if you look at the, just the immense size of the universe, there's hundreds of billions of galaxies and each galaxy has hundreds of billions of solar systems. The odds of there not being other life out there is almost zero. I think it is zero. I think for sure there's other life out there. And if there was other life out there, if they found out about us, these crazy territorial apes that have nuclear weapons and they have cell phones and they're taking pictures of their dicks and they're fucking sending videos across the world. They're stealing resources and pulling oil out and killing all the fish.


I'd be like, these fucking things are nuts. This, this species on earth, the dominant species is completely insane. They lie on the news. They, they're, they're pretend they're monogamous and they're not. They're doing drugs. Everyone's saying just say no to drugs while they're on drugs. I mean, it's, it's a crazy species. They elect officials. The officials get paid off by everybody and they're all lying about this. They're getting people into wars. They're getting people into pandemics because they're doing research on viruses. And the viruses accidentally get out and they go, Nope. That was just a wild virus happened. you know, they knew it wasn't, they're just liars. if I was an alien, I would be studying us like crazy. I would visit And I think they probably have visited.


Yeah. but I also don't believe the government. So when the government says they have off world vehicles, they're not, not from this earth link. Oh, you guys got a drone that you don't want anybody to know about? Yeah. I think that's a lot of it. But I'm gonna tell you this brother, I'm gonna tell you this, your, your boy Eddie Bravo, he knows some shit, but he just sound crazy when he said, Oh, he knows a Lot. He knows a lot of shit. I think Eddie knows A lot. I think he's, he's definitely wrong about some things he Wrong about Come on. We all are. but I'm gonna tell you, when I watch him, And I, And I. Watch him explain stuff. I'm like, he goes deep. He goes deep. And it's just how he explains it. He Knows a lot about conspiracies that are absolutely legit. He educates me on some. Yeah. And where I start reading about, I'm like, oh shit.


He's right. Yeah. you know, and you find out some things about the government and things about what they've done before Operation Paperclip. They brought in all the Nazis to start nasa. You're like, what? NASA was started by Nazis. Yeah. And then you realize that you're like, what? And then the Kennedy assassinated. You just, there's so many conspiracies that turn out to be good. Look at, Look at the coincidences. Like it's too many. And so I think there are extraterrestrials, but Don don't think they're from outer space. That's possible too. Right? They come from the water. Right. That's possible. Because they come from the other side of the ice wall. Oh, you're gonna get into that. No, I'm Not. No, no, I'm not. He's right about that part. I don don't think he's right about that. I think that there's too much evidence. It's not true. Also, it's like the way planets are formed.


We know how planets are formed. There's, there's a reason why they're all circular. It's like every, all the mass can coalesces in the center and the gravity and the way things spin, it all forms balls. But the idea that we know what the fuck is going on in the ocean is ridiculous. We don't know what's going on in 90% of the ocean. And the water surface is three quarters of the earth. So three quarters of the earth, we don't know 90% about it. I know that's great. And There's a lot of people that see things coming out of the water and going into the water. Also, if I was from another planet, And I wanted to come here and make a base. I just do it in the water. They can't see shit. Yeah. If they have the kind of capability that allows them to come here from other galaxies, they could easily make a base under the water.


Yeah. That's probably what the Bermuda Triangle is. We don't fucking know. Well, they Think the Bermuda Triangle is methane getting released under the floor of the ocean. And what it does is when it comes up, it kills all the buoyancy. you know, that's, it makes pla it makes boats sink. No, no. They have like, they know where It is that, that sounds like when I watch the men in black and Right when they get you with that thing, they Hate that thing. It sound like this's the excuse they you. Oh, right, right, right. It could be. There's something under the water that's sinking boats. I don. I don't think it is though. I think there's like a valid scientific reason. Yeah. So this, this, these gases get released and apparently if there's a boat above, when all these, like we're talking about immense spaces of this gets released, those boats just sink.


And it's not just that, it's like the updraft of this stuff can fuck up planes. Yeah. There's a lot of theories about what causes it. It's also like there's so many storms in that area of Bermuda. So the, it makes sense that more ships would go down in those areas too. Yeah. but I still think there's probably something in there. There's probably something in the water. Have you seen that video that one craft that the, they're watching on night vision and it flies over the water and then goes down into the water? No, I haven't seen that one. Yeah. They Call, they call them Transmedium crafts. They've been observed by multiple fighter jet pilots, different people on fighter on battleships. They've observed them going into the Water and they think that's UFOs. They think there's something going on.


They don't know if it's China's or Russia's or it could even be ours. That's the thing that drives me crazy. See, this was the problem is right now we got cell phones Right. With the cameras and technology's so good. We can see a lot more things than we could like 20, 30 years ago. Right. So I feel like if the military has a lot of stuff they don't want us to know about, they can say like, oh, it's a UFO and but why are they telling us now that it, you know, now they Right. Exactly. That's exactly how I feel. Yeah. When they're telling you that it's a UFO, I'm like, Hmm. And the thing is, they're always happening. Your military bases, they're always happening. The coast of the water off of San Diego, that's all military. All over San Diego. Yeah. East coast in the, all of the restricted air spaces.


That's where they see these things. Yeah. Which is exactly where they would practice. Yeah. If they had these things, If they was, if we got our technology strong enough or we could go to different planets, would you, would you like to go? No, I'd be scared as fuck. Fuck that. I'd be scared as fuck. Fuck that. Yeah. Fuck that. We talked about like They do SpaceX flights. I'm like, Uhuh, I ain't gonna be that dude that dies like that. No. Fuck yeah. Yeah. Fuck that. Imagine the feeling you would have. How stupid you would feel if you, if you were up in the jet or in the, the rocket and you hear things start breaking. You only feel stupid for a couple seconds. Boom. Right before that thing blew, you'd probably be like, my dumb ass could be at home with a margarita right now. I could be at home with my feet up on the fucking couch watching TV or out in the yard listening to birds chirp.


My stupid ass is dying. Just so I can get a couple hundred miles above the surface and look down. 'cause that's all you can get. Yeah. You can only get a couple hundred miles. Yeah. You can't really go to the another planet had. Yeah. Your your what? I don't wanna go to another planet. Well, Elon trying to go to Mars. Don don't. I'm not gonna be one of those dudes. No, I'm saying right. He, how do you think those dudes felt when they tried to go see the Titanic? Bro? What was they thinking? Bro? They're Just rich people that for whatever stupid reason, wanted to go on an adventure. Not only that, they're looking through a screen. They're looking through a screen. Just wanted to Seem to realize. Yeah, Bro. The moment before that thing fucking imploded, apparently it was free falling before it imploded.


So they knew it was over. They knew it was over for a few seconds before it. Oh, I would've had a heart attack. I think I would've probably got heart attack. Probably. I bet a lot of 'em Did. They probably free. They probably hyperventilated went into shock. How many was on there? Remember I? don know. Yeah. Man, that's, I don't remember. Yeah, I. don dunno what it fuck I. don Dunno. They would think Apparently they're talking about doing it again. Right. So, so no one has been able to go down to the Tenix. So, so it's too far. Well, no, they've sent, they had Mancraft that went down to Titanic because I went to the Titanic Museum this past weekend at the Luxor in Vegas. They have a chunk of it that you could see, like this big piece that they pulled up and different artifacts they pulled up. So they did go down there and attach things with man crafts.


And then they pulled him up with, with some kind of drone. They did. but I do think people have actually, I think, I think James Cameron actually went down there. Here it is. The 14th trip. Yeah. The Titan made the first of several dives, the famous shipwreck of the world. While generally successful, these expeditions hadn't been without their own problems. The fatal dive was the vessel's 14th trip to the remains of the Titanic. Oh, It probably just wore out then. It probably just, Probably, well apparently the people that designed it and built it were telling them there was flaws in it and there was a, there's a lot of lawsuits coming. I'm sure because the, there was a lot of whistleblowers that it wound up leaving the corporation, the the company rather that, that developed these things. They're like, this is not tested for the kind of pressure that's down there.


And you're, you're sending people down there, And, I just believe there's certain things that man shouldn't, there's certain places man shouldn't go certain things. Bottom of the oceans. One Of 'em. Yeah. We just shouldn't go. Why Go, why, why Certain things we shouldn't do. I don't think we should be jumping outta planes and all that shit either though. I just don't believe that. I'm not interested. I'm not interested in this shit. I'm not interested in that. People go, you should go skydiving. No, you go skydiving. Yeah. Fuck that. My friend, his dad used to work with this lady and when he would go into work, she's like, you should go skydiving with us. And then one day he goes to work and she's not there. And he said, what happened? It's like Skydiving, but I tell you what looks fun though. You seen no motherfuckers in those squirrel looking suits. Oh yeah. That shit look fun.


but I see it on TikTok. But they scared, like, they be like, what if they hit a tree going that motherfucking fast? You ever see the one where the guy hits the bridge? No. We'll watch this and we'll end this podcast show the one where the guy hits the bridge in the squirrel suit. So this dude was trying to go through the arches of the bridge and he missed It. here, watch this. Yeah. So he is on the thing and he's trying to fly past the bridge. And he is got a bunch of people on the bridge watching this dude. Like, oh my god, this is amazing. It looks Fun. Yeah. I mean he's going like a hundred and something miles an hour too. So he's trying to figure out how to get through this bridge. But watch this. Oh fuck Bro.


That sound, he, that's a horrible sound. He just misjudged. Well, he just exploded huh? When he hit. Oh yeah. Yeah. Just misjudged. Why would you try to go through the bridge? Fuck that. Showing off with All showing off. Yeah. Just wanting to do something. People have done things like that. They, they fly between buildings. They do a bunch of wild shit with those squirrel suits on. But if you misjudge it, that's your ass. Oh Man. Showing up. Showing off. Quentin. Thank you sir. Man, thank you For having me. Great to hang you. It's been a great experience. It's been great to be here, man. It And to hang out with you man. See you after all these years. Yeah, I know. It's been a long time. I'm gonna hold you to those, those tickets. Yes sir. I got you. I got you for two Tickets. Tiki. Tiki always let me down. Oh, I can get two. You got you come. I bring, I bring me somebody.


All right. Come bring me somebody. Yeah. I think that's September 14th. So I got you September 14th. Alright. Yes sir. I'll be there. All right. It's gonna be a banging cart. It's gonna be crazy inside that thing with all the, the whole ceiling is a screen. Yeah. So I mean who knows what they're gonna put up there. It's gonna be wild. Apparently they've been working on it this entire time. They've been working on it for months. I think they already spent $9 million just on the production. 16. 16 now. Jesus. What the fuck? What shit we, they got fucking, they worth billions now. So Yeah. Throwing that money around. Yeah. Tell everybody where to get your podcasts. They can go to what? Jackson on YouTube, right? I think it's on Spotify. Just to here. It's, It's two X's or One x? Yeah. Two X's. Oh, like your shirt. Like The shirt. There you go. Oh, thanks for the Plug brother.


No, no worries. So it's Jaxxon Podcast on YouTube. And is it on everything like Spotify? No, I, I think we just got on Spotify. Okay. We this tour. But tell 'em about the energy drink And your energy drink for health Is good for health. I'm glad you like it. Healthy. It's very good. That's my favorite flavor. F three, F three, energy drink, ginseng. It's got all sorts of good stuff. BCAAs Theanine. What else has it got In here? But it won't make you dick hard Below. But it won't make you Dick card. not yet. Next, not yet. Version two. If if they come out with one that says Rampage Punch or some shit, there it Is. Rampage Punch. you know you're gonna make it dick card In Japanese letters. Alright brother. Thank you for being here.


Bye everybody.