
Joe Rogan podcast, Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Great to have you in, man. Great To be here. How you feeling? You must be feeling fantastic. Oh, Many things were successful. So even if I like was a little bit, had a flu, many things. You had a flu before that fight. Yeah, for one, one week. Like five, five days. Five days. Five days before five week. I was in like, how to say that?


Heat, like bodies Warm. Fever. Fever, fever. Yeah. Yeah. Fever. So, yeah. That's crazy. That was, that was, yeah, that was something what I, but every time, maybe I'm a little bit glad for that because I'm, every time trying to push my preparation too much that I am every time, like, hurt myself or, or I'm overtrained. Right. So, so that's why I'm maybe, maybe just a little bit glad for that. That's interesting. Right? Like, it's, it's so hard because you want to prepare so hard. You, you're so disciplined, so driven, but you can do yourself a disservice.


You can go too far and then you don't recover enough, and then you go into the fight a little compromised. Yeah, That's Right. Yeah. We've seen that many times with fighters that just get so enthusiastic about their training. Yeah. I, because I feel like self-confidence and still there is something what you can do better. Yeah. Every day. And that's my idea of, of the training life, life idea to, to, to go better every day. 1% better, 1% better. Even if you don't, if you can't train, You can sit in the meditation and visualize it how you train, how the, how this body's working sometimes is the most biggest, like the biggest thing.


What you can do is just Rest. Like, like you show me the floating. Yes. Yeah. You need one of those, man. Yeah. If All the people that I know That's right. You, you need one, a sensory deprivation tank, you should get one of those. Yeah. Because I know you're into meditation. I know you spend a lot of time in dark rooms. That's, that's meditation time's a hundred. That's right. Do you monitor your heart rate every day to see what your recovery's at? Or you just go by feel, Feeling, feeling, feeling, feeling. I did that in high attitude training in All the November in Mexico, Mexico City where is 2,300, 200 meters.


Yeah. 7,000, 700 feet above sea level, I believe. Yes. And yeah, there I, there I monitor, monitor everything. Like take up blood exams before in and after the, this camp, four weeks camp there. And man, amazing, amazing how Well, Your endurance was incredible in that fight because that was such a high And still Paced fight. And still, I, I felt like after that flu I felt a little bit down, but, well, That's pretty amazing. Then. You must've been in an insane shape before the flu. Yeah, it's that fine line, that balance.


Yep. But yeah, you, so you went to Mexico City. Did you, did you know a gym up there or did you bring your camp up there? I was there in UFC Performance Institute there. Oh, there's a, there's a new one. Nice man. Yeah, you have everything here in, in the Performance Institute, like recogni regeneration, training Coaches. Coaches with the pads. And so yeah, I was there for, especially for, to work on, on the things what I, what I took from the last fight with Pereira to, to work on, on the hands up a little bit.


Just a little bit, a little Bit. But we were talking about it in the broadcast. Your hands down sometimes has a benefit. There's a, there's a real That's right. Advantage to it because no one sees where those punches are coming from. Yeah. So for the people that don't know what I'm talking about, not just, Not just punches. Yes. Movement. Movement. Head Movement. Head movement was excellent. Everything. Your head movement was excellent. And the feeling, feeling With the hands up is another one with the, that with the hands. With the hands down. Yeah. Because this is your natural posture, right? Yeah. So you spend a mo more, most of the time in, in this.


And it's, it's about just, just feeling the space, feeling the, I I can explain to, to another person like this one, because when I, when I am in, in the flow, like you wanna be in the flow, in the fight. Some between the flow and the uncomfortable, some somewhere in the center. So when I achieved these attitudes, that's why I don't need to keep my hands up because this for me means, and for everybody, that means defending. I don't need to defend myself when I see, when I see everything, when I feel everything.


And, but like, I understand in this preparation where I tried, where I did All the camp, hands up like this gives you the calm in, in the close distance. In the close distance. It's not, so sometimes it's not so smart to, to keep hands down, hands down. Yeah. So, but I'm crazy. I'm crazy enough to, to go through, to be in the moment, to stress my body so much in this situation, to see every movement, every start of the movement of my opponent that I can react before he start.


And the next level is to try to, to to, to read, read the thinking of the opponent, what he wants to do before he do that. So, so there is a many levels of, of that. So, but sometimes I can't explain that. Sometimes, like in the second fight with Pereira, I was a little bit punched in, in the, in the, in the end of the first round. So I stepped to the second round and I, and I said to myself, I was too courageous to, and keep the hands down.


So, so that's why it happened. Well, You should have been more defensive maybe to recover. Yes, yes. One thing you said after that fight, you said you have to evolve. And one thing that I saw in this last fight with Jamal Hill was evolution. I really saw it. You really see it like the counters, the, the head movement and the counters were brilliant. There's one that I put on my Instagram stories. It was so incredible. He threw a punch, you slid slightly out of the way, landed a straight left, and then the right hook that dropped him. But it was so dynamic. It was fast and precise.


I was like, that's a different Yuri prohaska, like the, your earlier fights were always excellent. You always had amazing power and very unusual movement. Very difficult to predict, but the sharpness of your counters was on another level in this fight. That's what I worked on. Yeah. To be not just connect to the opponent and react what's happened right now, but little bit be, a little bit be before what, what will happen. Yes. Yeah. Well, you're, you're definitely getting better, which is so fascinating. You know? So you, you had a very brilliant approach. You waited until you had reached a certain level before you entered the UFC.


You could have been in the UFC years earlier. Yeah, yeah. That's right. That's right.


Fitness isn't just about what you do in the gym, it's also about your nutrition. But even with the best diet, some nutrients can be hard to get. And AG one can help fill those gaps. AG one delivers optimal amounts of nutrients in forms that help your body perform. Ag one makes foundational nutrition easy because there aren't a million different pills and capsules you have to keep track of. It's just one scoop mixed in water. It's such an easy routine to keep in the mornings ingredients in ag one are selected for absorption, nutrient density and potency, and are intentionally picked to work in sync with the whole formula for optimal impact. They're seriously committed to quality ag one is tested for hundreds of contaminants and impurities and they're constantly reformulating their recipe to dial it in. This is all part of why I've partnered with ag one for years. So get started with Ag one this holiday season and get a FREE bottle of Vitamin D three, K two, and five free ag one travel packs with your first purchase@drinkagone.com slash Joe Rogan. That's a $76 value gift for free. If you go to drink ag one.com/ Joe Rogan, seriously get on this.


But, And I have to say Thank you to my, to my coaches for that because we worked on my style. We are consulta consulting, like communicate about, about that style, what to make a better, how to, how to do that. That's why I'm keeping like my two coaches, what I began with, began with like All the time with, with me. Because I think that's, that's the only thing you can go to be a master with in something to stay with with some people. With some Tight circle.


Yeah. Tight circle in some and go deeper. You can go really deep. Yeah. Yeah. So it's also, I value loyalty. Loyalty is very important And this is it. Yeah. It Means a lot, You know, and when people worked really hard to get you to a certain level, what I like is there's some coaches that they recognize that maybe there's other skill sets they can bring in. So they work with other people as well, you know, but always stay with the people that brought, as long as the relationship is good, always stay with the people that brought you to the game. Yeah, Sure, sure. Because in the end you can, you can change whoever, but you, you, you have to start again with, with the same people and go, and again, you will go to the same level, to the same problems with the, with these people because not it's, it's because it's not about them.


It's always about you to recognize what's in you. How much tape do you watch? Do you watch a lot of film? Do you watch videos of fights? Yeah. Yeah. I was five days sick before the fight, so, so I, I just watched the Spartans 300. Yeah. On back. I watch on back, man, he That's wild shit, man. No, no. Wild. She, but my, I was really in inspired. I, I was really hungry for, to, to see something because long time I didn't see some good, not good movie. It doesn't matter if it's like good or new, but these old classics of the fighting Jean Vanda with Kickboxer and all these things, oh yeah, that's what, that's what made a spark in inside me to a true love for martial arts because they, in the mo in that movies they live that really live that and ha and they have no other chance to, to solve their problems.


Just, just by martial arts and something. So that's, that's why I'm So you got inspired by movies. Yeah. Do you watch a lot of films of fight footage? Like your fights, your opponent's fights? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. But I don't need to, I don't need many times to, to study that. I just need to like see once, once I, I just see the attitude, like attitude of the start of the fight. How he's fighting his, how to say his spirit, his mindset, how he's thinking, how is the start of moving of his body, how he's reacting for not just for opponent, for the many situation, for slipping and, and movement, but everything like a per personal, I'm studying the, the, that guy, not his energy, his energy, his wife, how he's, how he is re reacting, how he's react in, in a, in some situation like these hypos and all these things.


Like some, some breaks in the fight every, every time because it shows you how he have under control himself All the time. All the time. And this is something was Alex Perera, I don't know what, what is his story behind, but he have to, he handled that, he handled that and that's why he's, how he's now, he's starting to be more relaxed and I wish him to stay sharp. Well, I think he's more relaxed outside the fight, but in the fight. Yeah. He's always very calm.


Yeah, yeah. Very calm and very focused. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Did you watch your first fight with him before you watched the second, before you fought him the second time? Yes. Sure, sure. Yeah. I, I studied him a lot. But the second fight, I I I little push it too much. Too aggressive. No, no, no. I mean my like Training After the fight, I was like, I want Alex, after I'm ready for him right now, I'm ready too. But I'm open for, for whoever will UFC will give me like a, like, like a next opponent to prove that I am.


But I want a, a true challenge. Like I want a true challenge of, from the, I think top five guys. Yeah. Right. The, the interesting thing about the light heavyweight division is there's, there's only about five really exciting contenders. Four or five really ex it's, there's not a deep pool of fighters that would be, you know, very interesting to see you fight. That's Right. Because there is a, like I said today, there is a few guys who really have the taste, have the drive to, to go to the job. I want to go to the job, I want to take it.


I have the, I feel the energy of the crown and I can take it. So, and that's why, that's why I'm, I'm, I'm doing that. That's why I'm still talking about that to be there because I really feel that, that I can be the top. And one thing, what I needed is I, that I had to be stable. Stable to not just get to the top and back and out, but to go to the top and know how, how it is to be there know to to, to keep the, all these weights on the top.


What, what, what there is. Yeah. Yeah. Defending the title is more difficult even than, than getting the title. And then it's improving while you're champion. You know, they say that Daniel Cormier always says that every champion improves, like significantly once they become champion because you have the confidence of being champion and it's just how long can you maintain the kind of energy that's required to constantly get better. 'cause it's not just about maintaining, right? It's about constantly improving constant, an analysis of all your movements and, And what you're doing right. And what you, mistakes that were made And what the thought process was before the mistake and how to eliminate that.


Yeah. Yeah. This is, this is something what, what is, like I said, the style of Japanese, they, they call that kaizen. Yes. Kaizen. Like daily improvements, small improvements, daily, recognizing what's bad, what's good. And sometimes it is, I feel, I feel like it's like, like a sick, like, to be upset. Too much obsess in that man, you need a little break. That's, that's why I think the, the life gave me these little break before this. The Little flu. Yeah. Yeah. Was that why you came in? So light? Yeah. Me? Yeah. Was that why that that was, that that was why, yeah, Because I was watching a video when Luke Thomas was going over your performance.


Everybody was very impressed and he was as well. But one of the things that he was talking about was that you only weigh 208 pounds. Yeah. You don't know when you walked into the cage, I thought, I will do the, my best when I will go to the sauna night before the weight in and spend there. And again, I, I change, I switched myself in the sauna and I was there like, for two hours. Oh no. Like, none of just like 15 minutes. 15, 15 like many rounds. Right, right, right. Two hours there. And Do you do sauna cold or just sauna? Relax. Wait, Relax, relax. Yeah. Okay. No, no, no.


Sauna. Cold sauna, cold sauna. And then you go back in the sauna. Yes. Sure. Yeah. And cold normally, like the cold, cold punch. I'm, I'm doing that daily because I have the at home, the cold punch. Yes. And I'm using that. Yeah. Yeah. They're fantastic. Yeah. And, but the fun is the second day after that, and I didn't drink anything after the sauna. And next day morning I went, I went to do to the control weight. And then I have, I dunno, how do you say inter 91 kilograms. I, I'm fighting in, I'm fighting in 93, right?


And half, and I was two and a half kilogram under the, my, my weight. So it's like 200 pounds. So yeah. So I was the only one guy who, who was in a row to the waves waiting. And I, and I tried to hide myself before other guys. And, and I threw, drank one one liter. One liter of the, of the water. Second liter of the Wow. Just 'cause you didn't wanna weigh in light Because Yeah, I would, because I spent too much time in the sauna, man. Wow. That's crazy. Because you only weighed 2 0 8. Yeah. I felt really like, You look great, you look very lean and fast.


Man fast. You look fast. Like significantly, you've always been very fast, but you looked even faster. It's just all about this. Mm. Yeah man. Well, if you have the reason why and the, and you can not just, you want it like, your ego just want it, but you feel it like it's your destiny these moments. And you, it's yours. So then, then it'll happen. So do you feel like maybe even the, the fights with pereira are a blessing and that it showed you what you need to work on? I Every time it's, this is the only way how to, how I want to see that.


Yeah. Yeah. Especially, especially the, the guy like him who's really top guy and his style, his mindset, what he showed till now was something what I needed to work on. Still, still, I'm on the, I'm on the way. Yeah. Well his style is extraordinary. It's very unusual, as is yours. But the thing that's shocking the most about him is that he only needs to hit you once he's, is it much different the power that you feel from him than anybody else?


Mm. There is a different from other guys. Yeah. There is a difference. But only one thing I can say. Like, I know the receive recipe. You know the recipe. Yeah. What's the recipe? What's the recipe? How to, because you have to, you have to know how to give the punch and how to like to, how to accept the punches. How to move with it. How to move with it. Yeah. And how to overcome the bad moments and all these things. But it's better, much better to defend the, the punch with the hand or defend the, the, the punch with the movement issue.


Yeah. Did you ever watch any of his glory kickboxing fights? Yeah. Yeah. This is a good one to watch. The Artem Vata, yes. Fight. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Because Va hit's very technical. Yeah. I I think he won. Yeah. Once He won a very close decision. It was very close. Yeah. It was one of those fights where you could call it either way, but, but he won. But he's very technical, very interesting to watch him deal with the style of Pereira. 'cause Pereira has such a unusual way of moving. Like even the way he like holds his hands up and looks different. So do you, you look dif like there's only a few fighters that if you saw their silhouette, I can go, oh, that's Yuri Prohaska. I could see it right away. I know how you move.


You know? And Alex is that way as well. It's like very unique way of moving. But his, the, the way Vata handled it is a, a good blueprint for a lot of people to avoid the power And, you know, keep the volume on him. What was your original style? What did, what was the first martial art that you learned? Muai. Muai Mu. Yeah. I started in, in my high school, I started with karate. 'cause there was, it was in a, in a daily, daily schedule. What Kind of karate? Shotokan. Shotokan and judo. There was two. And I felt like I need, I need something more contact, more and more aggressive.


So not aggressive, but More, more Potent. More potent. Yeah. So I started with Muay Hai. Yeah. Type of the Most potent. Yeah. Muay Hai is fascinating to me that this one island Yeah. Figured out how to fight better than anybody on the feet. Yeah, That's right. That's right. And a lot of it, they did it through gambling. Yeah. That's a lot of it. That's right. Because they're so into gambling that they had so many fights and then people just fought a lot. Yeah. And then they're like, what works best? And then they've figured it out. Yeah. And right now, after watching UNG back, yeah. I'm ju I'm just still realizing what is the, what is the best style, what is the best movements, best deadly techniques, what to do.


And right now, after the watch, the won back, I, I see the Mui Boran, right. Like, like in my next chapter to what I want to see real, real, like in, in Thailand to see really how to use that and how to, how to, because I'm the man who's like taking the piece here, taking the piece here and making, Combining it All together. Yeah. All together. Yeah. Yep. So did, have you trained in Thailand? Thailand, yeah. In Thailand. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Just a little bit for, for like three weeks there. Before, before the title five with ra, then I was there with, for a camp.


Yeah. Ette. Yeah. The one of the Bunk tall. Yeah. One of the greatest knockouts that you had was that Dominic Re is spinning elbow, which is beautiful. Muay Thai Flow. That's, yeah. That's beautiful Flow. It's like you just time that out. That was a real coming out party for you, that fight. 'cause that was when people were like, my God, like this guy. Yeah. Always find a way. Yeah. Yeah. When you first started fighting in MMA, was this something, first of all, how old were you when you had your first fight? Oh, when I was first fight in my 18, 19. And were you looking at it as a career?


Yeah. Yeah. Right from the beginning. Were you looking at it to do that was what you wanted to do professionally? Yeah. Yeah. Right. Right away. Right Away. Yeah. It's from my, yeah, 2020 around my 20. Yeah. You knew you wanted to be a championship fighter. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Because that was something what, what I, I was in too inspired by, by, because I was a young guy who tried to, to challenge everything around himself. Everything, every man, every situations, everywhere. I'll, I will. I'm better than this. I'm better than this. Ah, better than, and it may not the school just, just not in the school, but, but I like the fighting.


I, I, I fall in love in with the fighting, with looking for finding my biggest strength. And that's, that's the why I'm, I'm, I'm going every time to the nature, to sleeping in the mountains, to, that's why I'm living in the cottage, to be in the contact with the nature, to feel the present moment and rare nature of power of the All the water, fire of all these things, of the sun. Yeah. Yeah. I I was gonna ask you about that. Like, when did you start this training in nature?


Because when you look at your setup that you have at your place, and everything's outside, you know, you put pads over trees and you punch and kick trees. Yeah. Sometimes it's, sometimes it looks, looks, looks weird. But, but you know, wow. I don't like to, to, I don't, like right now, I, I realize I, I need to, I want I right now I want overcome the, the people, the mans, the, the sparring partners in the, in the training. But like, in my personal way, I was inspired by, once I was inspired by Masuta, Oyama was the founder of Kyo Kush character.


And I saw his movie and how he spent more than one year, one and a half year in the mountains. And he trained just in the mountains under the waterfall. In the winter. In the winter. And he made from a really, really something like unshakable mind, self-confidence. So deep, because he, he found a way how to overcome, how to rule his body. How to, he's describing that in his book.


Like the mind without the thinking, like without the thoughts pure mind. Pure focus. Yeah. Pure consciousness. Right here, right now. And I took that like my own way. And, and I think it was year 2 14, 2 15. And I took everything in myself. I, I took 10, 10, yeah. And I, and I went to the, to the mountains. To the mountains. And I slept there for just for like one week, two weeks, one and a half week.


Yeah. And I, I was inspired too much. So I did the same thing. I ran there and I punched to the, to the rock and Yeah. And yeah. And I just, and I just want to fight with the environment, like with the, with the nature around me. And in the end, you can realize there is no fighting, there is nothing. Just, this is the pure life. Because this is the pure life. Because the pure, the life has the one reason to overcome everything around and survive, survive, survive.


Survived. And this is the, this is the nature of what is in us. So this is, and as deeper you can go in this uncomfortable environment and all these things that deep you can understand the life and like be a philosopher about that like Mm. Understand, understand more deeply. And I don't know how to say Yeah, no, You're saying it right. Yeah, I understand what you're saying. Yeah. So that's why, so I was inspired by the ma and that, that's why I decide after the second fight with Alex, I need to go to Japan.


To Japan, to the places to make a black belt from Kush, Kai, karate. And really feel all these things like a realist, realist. Not just think about that. How it can be, how, how is this style can be, but to live that. Mm. That's it. Because I like, like to take an inspiration and take it and go there, fight that, fight that guy live that experience. Yeah. This is it. Yeah. This is, yeah.


Playoffs. We're talking about playoffs. You bet We are. Get in on the action with Draftking Sports book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdowns is key to winning the playoffs. And you can score big by betting on them at DraftKings the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to DraftKings Sportsbook app and make your pick. New Draftking customers can bet five bucks to get $200 in bonus bets instantly Download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just five bucks only on Draftking. Sportsbook the crown is yours. GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7. Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino in Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkng dot co slash audio.


Well you're obviously very physically talented, but I think one of the things that does separate you from other fighters is this mindset that you've cultivated and that you embrace. And I think, I think it's the only way. It's also, it's something fascinating about the fact that you do do it outside. I think that scares people. Yeah. I think something about the fact that you like to be fighting in nature and punching trees. Like, 'cause because I'm coming like from from, from a, from one village, where was the, a lot of like good guys, but everybody we, we were, we are still like really crazy when we are celebrating.


It's All the time about right now, we are trying to slow down to, to show others like we are un adults. Like we, we know we are the mans. But still it's about like the showing the, the strength. Yeah. How what to, what to destroy, how to, how to punch other guy, how to, how to show the, the strength above others. Yeah. So, and when, when there was, when there started on the, okay, I can say that when, when on these parties started the level of like, it was really dangerous of fire and firearms and, and, and the cars and Jesus, Jesus fire And it was not safe.


Then I said, guys, okay, we are a man. Let's Be mature. Let's yeah, please Yeah. Take it down a notch Because Somebody could die. Yeah. Yeah. And that's something what you, what you have to realize. And these, these sense of a i looking for a strength, these something, this true madness. Like, like when, when I see these, this picture, oh, that picture of that and, and, and remembered me that when I saw that when I came here, the JRE logo.


Yeah, yeah. The logo. Yeah. And when I saw that, it, it remembered me. Like yes, go through going through All the time. Choose the choose the hardest way and go through overcome whatever and show you are the, you are the boss. Yeah. And, and this is, this is it. This is why I'm, I came from that place where we are tried to to show each other this one. And I trying to Give it, carry that Energy, carry that energy and put it in the, in the calm way.


Yeah. To to, to show it in the, in the cage. And that's why the some right ideas, the Bushido Cox helping me in that too, to show it. That's all I understand. And, and then you feel that in training in nature and then experiencing the wild and getting it out there, it becomes even more pure because you recognize that all around you is survival, Man. That's, that's right. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Thank you. You, you, you are on the wave now. Yeah. We're on the same wave. Yeah. So when, what year did you start doing this training? In the wild? Like I said, in 2014.


2014? Yeah. Like I was, I started was inspired by, by Masuma. And then I realized it's not about opponents man, it's about just your body, just about ru rule your body, how much you can, you can rule your body, rule your mind, rule your emotions. Logical state of of thinking. Yeah. To find the way, how to not overcome, how to rule your breath because this is this, this is it, this is the way, and because this is the most primal thing of the body.


Yeah. First, when the child's born, like first is breath. Everything is like, you can, you can settle by by the breath in, in the body, not just by thoughts and over the thinking and thoughts is like a great surf, but a bad boss really. So, so It serves you well, but it's, you can't let it control you. Yes. Yeah. So there's many levels what you have to, what you have to rule in your, in your body, what you have to understand and put it in, put it in one way, in the, in the present moment.


So yeah. So you had your first fights when you were around 18, 19. Yep. And then how long, when did you decide that you were ready for the UFC and how did you make that decision? Because I, I do know that you were offered fights before. Yep. But you said I want more development time. That, That was in the some, somewhere in the center of between in my sixth, seventh fight in the rising. So around a year, two to 17 to 18. Yeah. Some, some, something like that. And yeah, I realized that man, there is a, there is a way in the rising yet.


Yeah. So I need, I need to, no, I need to, I want to take a title here. I want to prove that I'm the, how do you say, like the, the king of Japan, like yes. To, to rule, rule. These guys real, really. And then I can go to the, to the league of the best. Because if you wanna go to the league of the best better to be prepared for. Yeah. And Yeah, I think that happens too often. That's why I can, can fight for a title in, in three fights. So I think boxing has it right in, in that boxing.


They look at fighters, managers look at fighters as an investment. So if you are a manager and you have like Floyd Mayweather Yeah. You don't give Floyd Mayweather the, the best fight you can get him right away with the toughest guy. You want to see how he performs with a guy who's an inside puncher, A body, body puncher, who's a brawler. You wanna see how he handles a slick guy like Emmanuel Augustus with unorthodox movement. You want to, how's he handled Diego Corrales long tall reach. And you, you build them with fighters that you think you, you gotta know when they're ready. Yeah. And then there's a, an objective assessment. Okay. He's ready. Yeah. Then you start moving him into top 10 contenders.


Yeah. Then you move him to a title shot. It's good to The u ffc throws you right to the wolves. Yeah. Yeah. It's good to, to have this objective. Yeah. And if you, if I like to, to be just a watcher of the, of my progress of the, of the situation. Think about it, how to plan it, how to, how to see that not not personally just to see yourself as another person and put it in, in myself in a way where, where it'll be the best for these, for these targets. And then go in and do that.


Yeah. Yeah. And when you, you had a very quick rise in the UFC to a title fight. So you fought, was Vulcan os Deir your first fight? Yeah. Yeah. So you beat Vulcan Os Deir then Dominic Reyes was the second fight. Yes. Yeah. And then bam title shot. Yeah. Crazy. So that's the reason to be so prepared. Yes. Because if you're successful, things go very quickly. That's right. That's right. And you have to be ready. Yes. When you look at your first fight with Vulcan os Deir, and then you look at your fight with Jamal Hill, do you see significant improvement with Who? The first one, when You look at your first fight in the UFC when you fought Vulcan Os Deir, and now you look at yourself now in the, the most spectacular performance against Jamal Hill.


Do you see the improvement Right now? I can say yes. Yeah. Yeah. Because there was a, with the walk as the mirror, there was just a pure raw power. Raw. Raw. The aggression, aggression, aggression. But not so Refined. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So yeah, you can see that in the fight, man. There was, there was just a pure chaos. Pure chaos, man. Yeah. I was too, too, too much. Sometimes it's the self-confident, like when you are too much self-confident, it's a bad thing. Yeah. Like, because ego will took you to another, another line and it'll, it'll destroy you.


Yeah. Yeah. It'll burn you. So you have to keep that, burn that fire under control and to give the, these, these attacks, these aggressive aggress aggressiveness in just a small, to keep it under control just on it. Yeah. I like what you just said. That ego will take you to another line, Man. It's, it's good to be, to have it. Yeah. It's, we can't live without, in this world, with cooperations, with collaborations, talking relationships you can't live without.


But also you have to cultivate that in like, so there is a two, two worlds like Yeah. Like without in life. So you have to go in. Yeah. It has, they have to be working together. The mind and the ego have to be working together. And the the no mind, the Zen That's right. Yeah. Staying the flow. Yeah. Yeah. And the eagle will take you outta the flow. Yeah. The eagle will like, oh, I'm gonna go fuck him up. And then boom, you get hit. That's right. Yeah. I like what you said though about it takes you out of the line. 'cause it takes you into a different line. It takes you in a different line of fighting. And then sometimes in that line you'll realize you are out of place. You'll realize you are leaving openings that shouldn't be there and you're trying to force Yeah.


Good force. Yeah. Yeah. Force and power. Yeah. Yeah. And good. When you, you said like when you realize that it's bad, when you don't realize, and sometimes it's good when you have the people around you to, to man bring you back. Bring you back. Yeah. And that's why I'm sometimes really glad for my team, my people around me. Yeah. To keep me back. That's what's amazing about having a coach who knows you, having trainers who know you. They know, they're like, they know where you're at. Like, come down, come down. That's right. Everything's great, but you're hitting the gas too much. Like, so be a little more technical. Move around more. Yep. Yeah. But not too much. Not Too much. Not too much. Right. That's right. Because sometimes it's the, these wildness dude, the aggression dude.


Yeah. To take over. Like, it's too necessary, but, well, That's what I asked you after the fight. I said, there's something about you where you thrive, you get better when it's chaotic. Yep. There's something like, it seems like you relish in the chaos of these wild exchanges. Yeah. It's, it's very, 'cause sometimes fighters like to piece people up where they're not getting hit. Like Jamal Hill's really good at that. Like the Glover to sheriff fight. He did a fantastic job of utilizing his game and his accuracy and reach and he just put it on Glover. Yep. Yep. But they don't want to be in these wild exchanges. You seem to want to be in these wild exchanges 'cause you thrive there.


Yeah, that's right. That's right. And sometimes it's, I dunno where, where is the, where this to keeping yourself and control is going wrong. Sometimes it's going from the fear to be not hit. Sometimes it's going from, to be careful for the take downs. And, but I wanna be like fearless in that. Like to stay behind, stay before the opponent and have no, no fear. No, you can go as close you want to ca how close you want and try to hit me and you will not hit me because I'm here and I, and I feel you. I'm, I got you.


Mm. So I can't explain it and I don't want to explain it. I wanna show that in a fight. So. Right. So I know what you're saying when you, one of the things that we were talking about, Daniel and I were talking about when we were doing the commentary was your head movement was so good. It was, it was different than before. It was like at another level. Like what, what specifically had you do, had you done to prepare that made your head movement so much better? I have like, long time I'm working on that. Like, since my, before I stepped in the u no, since my title finding, I really, I really exactly know what, what's when I started to work on especially on that, because I realized that this is my game.


This is really what's me. And it was around the title fight with, with King Mo Laval in the Rising. So that was a title, title fight in the Rising. And it's about the, the feeling, the opponent, the field opponent, but not be, but to not be, how to say, to not let the, this feeling to, to to, to push you in some way, you know, understand, to to feel the space, but still be calm, be unshakeable, and you can feel the, the, then you can feel the, the space around you, the everything and whatever will move right now, you will react for that.


And, and naturally, because you will feel the, the these, all these things like your, like yourself, like everything is you. And then, then you can step to the level I am everywhere because there is no difference between me, this, this thing, this thing, the opponent, but still. Right. But still. And that's sometimes why I need to be, why I need to be a little bit hit to feel the aggression back to the fight. That was, that was before the, before the UFC. And I need, I was needed to, to get hit because I need to, because I felt him felt the, felt the movement felt the right, right.


Movement. Everything was right. But I, I also needed to be more aggressive to, wanted to go through the opponent. Yes. Because I was too, how to say, too nice, too nice for them to just, just, just show them I can sleep and I can move everything. You can, you don't, you can't hit me. But it, this is not the fight, the fight is the answer to, to catch him in the, in the right moment. So, so yes. To be here and now to be, like I said, to be everything, but still to not be pushed by this feeling like to be, to be so nice, not too much aggressive, but something in the middle of still control that it's all about control.


Balance. Yeah. I like what you said, like that there's no difference between you and your opponent. Like you're not even, you're just in this flow of movement and life. Yeah. And this thing you're, you're choosing to do. Yeah. There's no difference between you and them. You're not, you don't even exist. Yeah. You're just a part of it all. Yes. And the bad is bad for fighting is when you really realized we are doing this, we are doing, we are fighting each other. And right now I'm going to to hurt other person. And you don't, you don't see a really the difference between you and him.


So you know, you are doing to, to yourself, but this is the game what we chose. Right. And we are here to, to have a fun. So not just have a fun to, to live this experience, To live this experience. And an extreme experience that will teach you about yourself like no other experience. Yeah, that's Right. There's, if you wanna learn about yourself, go fight. Yeah. You'll, you'll really find out. You can bullshit yourself all you want, but until you fight. That's right. And when you go through a loss, like the loss is to pereira, what is your process like of like evaluating what went wrong and how to, how to change things?


What's, what's wrong? Yeah. Like how do you, what do, what's your process like? What do you do when you, when you lose a fight and then you come back, like, what is your thought process? What do you say? I have to learn, I have to figure out what went. Yeah. Let me, You know, after that last, last, the second fight, first time I can, first time in my life, I realized that man, that was really like, I will not say what, what was that? How, how hard it was because I don't like it. But it was something what I didn't experience yet.


Not, not like till till now. So that time I really realized how powerful the meditation and this true self-talk with the true, how the true meditation look like, because I have no other chance than the start, stop doing a bullshit, stop doing just pure inspirational training in the garden.


Stop doing All the, all these things and, and start doing just things. What's what really matter. What can, what have the, a real effect, how you can feel how you wanna be and yeah. The power of true self-talking. Power of true overcoming the mistakes in the, in the, in the life. And be the boss of your mind. Because sometimes it's, sometimes it's, yeah, it was, it was the next level.


Yeah. Very difficult to recover from a loss like that. But you Yeah, because especially when you lost, like, that was, that was, that was bad. Yeah. That was for me, like, how to say like, like a man who likes the honor and, and all these, all these codes, like from Bushido mor moral code, like that was something, was for me really bad. He Gotcha. Yeah. Yeah. That's how it goes, Man. You, you say it like you say, you can say it like that, but oh yeah.


I really work on every, every move, every thought, every catching the, every, every move in the, in the fighting. And now this happened. That was not me. That was, that was really, it was me. But man, you show yourself your worst. Your your worst to the world, man. But, so that's why. But Then you came after that and showed your best. So this is the thing about overcoming a, a loss like that is that I'm sure it was awful, but because of it, the pain that you felt from it caused you to rise to another level.


That is what is life about. Yeah. Yeah. I'm still, yeah. This is, you Need the challenge. You need tong po you know? Yeah. No, no. That, that, that's, yeah, that's right. And, and how I see this world, and this is what, what I wanted to speak with you, what is, what is here right now, the, the true challenges in true challenges in this world, in this age. Like in a, in a human's life. In a like, like what is there? Because how I see that, like, there is not too much think what we, not not too much.


There is a lot, but still we can go right now we have to go to another level because there is a too much of the, of the, of the comfort life of the, of the people. Because like that you can have the food like that, you can have a drink, a massage, everything. So there is, there is no, no price. Like I see in the young people what they wants to pay to achieve some really achieve something because Yeah. They just want things ha handed to them.


That's it. Yeah. This is an entitlement error because things are very easy. And when things are easy, it's very difficult to develop character. That's why for young people, I always tell them, you should choose to do something hard. Choose to do something hard for your human development, for you as a human being. Because if you just live your life in comfort, you will have a terrible life. Yeah. I think And only one reason, only one thing. What I realized like may maybe the 1, 1, 1 thing, the step up will be like, take us two step back and understand the true life. I think so. Hmm. I think we'll realize that the people that live this way are living disastrous lives.


And people will learn from that mistake. Because this level of comfort that most people have is very new. Historically. It's very new in human history. There's never really been a time where the poor people were fat. That's right. This Is a weird time. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. The poorest amongst us have no worries about, about starving to death. Yeah. They, they're in America. They, they're fat. It's more common than not. I think some crazy number of people in this country are obese. What was the number? It was like 60%. Was it 60% of people or obese? Something crazy like that, which is just nuts. And it's too easy.


It's too easy to exist. And I don't mean it's too easy. Like you don't have to work and I'm sure everybody has to work and your work sucks. Yeah. It's hard. And you gotta get up every day, but physically you have to do something to test your will and your discipline. And if you don't, you're gonna have a shitty life. That's right. That's right. That's right. And you Won't be able to control yourself in situations where that require you to stay calm. I think right now it's up to like, it was in every culture up to the, the old, older, older people to teach the younger, like to real life. To tell them like the, simply tell them the stories. Listen the stories.


Yes. Live the true life man. Because we are for forgetting for all these things because we have the phones and this is the fake lives. Yeah. It's a fake life. It's a fake life. And it's bad for you. It's bad for your development. It'll hinder your potential. Like whatever you wanna do in life. If you want to be an artist, if you wanna be a musician, whatever you want to, you wanna be an author, it will hinder your development if you live the comfort life And, okay, so this is it. Yeah. And how you, how you see the, like in the 10 years in the fif 50 years. In 100 years, what's the next step forward. Not good. I'm I'm right now.


I'm, I'm trying to, to lead you in some way, but no, this is your podcast. Sorry. You tell me. How are you trying to lead? I'm cur I'm curious about that because I'm, I'm trying to, this is my, this is my true motivation. The human evolution, the evolution of myself, how to fight better, how to overcome the opponent better. How to show him that I am everywhere and you have no chance around me. Please keep, hold your head down and tell the other I'm I'm the winner.


You know, you know, this is like, yeah. My ego. Right. Once this, but the way to this There is, but still in some humble way, humble way to show it like peacefully show it, show it, like Show violence peacefully. Yeah. That's it. Yeah. I, it was nice seeing you and Jamal Hill out after the fight, having a drink together. That was nice to see. Yeah. I I I bought him the, like my original drink, what I'm drinking the vodka, vodka, soda, lime. And I told him like, we fight together, we drink together.


Let's go, let's go for that. Yeah. Because man, we are everybody we are. We are one. We are one in in the end. Yeah. There is no enemy. Even if you, even with, with your, the baddest enemy of the world, man, it was a good life. It was a good fight. Let's drink together. Yeah. Let's celebrate together. That's all. Was it cool? Was it cool hanging out with him? That wa was, that was cool. That's something What, what what I like to, to do with my opponents. Whoever won a lot, you, you win, you lose whatever. Yeah. That's great. Yeah.


It was just, it's always nice to see that's one thing that people really do love about a great fight is afterwards when the guys hug. Yeah. But still, still, I don't like to, to speak about opponent in some way, in some bad way before the fight. Right. And after fight change it, like Right. It's not exist. Right. And right now we are the friends and everything. Good man. Please. Yeah. Let's be honest. You talk a shit about me. Talk a shit about me. Oh, okay. So you are the motherfucker, but it doesn't matter. You's drink together. You are who you are.


I am who I am. Let's drink that. But stay, stay honest. Right. Keep that Energy, Man. Yeah. Yeah. Because that's, that's why I, I like to keep same word, same attitude before the fight in the preparation and after the fight. In the fight, after the fight All the time. Like the same. That's me. Yeah. And I wanna show me not me before and me after. Right. There's a lot of guys, just for the sake of promotion, they talk a lot of shit and they're just trying to stir things up and make the fight more exciting by insulting people, insulting their families.


Yeah. And it gets, it gets very ugly. And I think the audience turns on them over that. And one of the things that's shown with your success and your popularity and guys like Alex, is that you don't even have to speak English. Like, it doesn't matter if you kick a, I mean, if it doesn't matter, you could talk All the shit you want, get everything hyped up. What really matters is how you perform inside the octagon. When you perform inside the octagon like Alex has, like you have, it doesn't, there's no need for shit talking. It's you, you people love you and they love you just by the style of your fighting and you're expressing That's right. Your soul inside that cage.


Like who you are as a man inside that cage. You don't have to talk shit about someone's wife or all that crap. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's why many people around me, like the my manager team try to be more, more focused for a promo and all these things. And man the fight, we will do the promo. This is the main thing of everything. Yeah. Not selling this thing, this thing, this, this giving the, the main thing is the, The fight. The performance. The Performance. That's what kind of drives me crazy about when championship level fighters have to do a lot of promotion before the fight.


I'm like, man, leave that guy alone. What's really important is how he's gonna perform. If you wanna promote it, have a bunch of people like me or you know, Daniel Comey or Cha on, have people talk about the fight. Yes. Hype the fight up. You don't have to bother this guy at seven o'clock in the morning and talk to him for an hour about some fucking nonsense. That's what I like. Leave him alone. Yeah. That's what I like on UFC, they are focused for performance. That's great. Every time. And no talking before. No one fight, other fight, no special promo before the, like Afterwards do interviews, like right now afterwards relax. But when leading up to the fight, the most important thing is that you are 100% prepared and anything that distracts from that should be eliminated.


That's right. That's right. That's right. And yeah. And many, many, many fighters are Yeah. Yeah. Are like focus for Yeah. Talking. There, there, there are things about shit talking that I do like, And what I do like is that first of all, it gets a lot of people excited about it, which makes me happy because I want more people to watch the sport. But also there's a psychological aspect, especially Conor McGregor. He's so good at talking shit that he gets people so angry that like when he fought Jose Aldo for instance, like no one had ever treated Jose Aldo anyway, other than with respect. He was one of the greatest champions.


He's a elite fighter. He defended his title multiple times. Yep. Destroyed his division. Yes. But you could tell that all that shit talking from Connor had an effect on him emotionally. Hmm. And I think his ego made him go outta line. So he ran right at Connor and tried to hit him and Connor stepped back and cracked him. He was so energetic. So now imagine if instead if Jose Aldo fought that fight and dragged it into the fourth and fifth round Yep. And started using the leg kicks that he used on Uriah. Faber. Yep. Yep. And started like picking him apart from, be careful in the beginning, but stay inside the game plan, stay inside your fight the best of your ability.


Don't get emotional. Don't, that could have been a very different fight. That's right. But that's the weapon, the weapon of shit talking. Listen. Yeah. And especially if You know how to use that. Oh Yeah. He uses it better than anybody. He gets people so mad. That's that's right. That's, that's right. But still, it's a big weight. Yes. It's a big weight. What you need to, what you need to handle, what you know how Yeah. How to handle that. Yeah. Well, it's also that big weight weighs on you as well. It doesn't just weigh on your opponent. When you talk a lot of shit, it puts extra weight on you and it gets That's right. That can get you outta line. That's right. Yeah. That the pre, the additional pressure. You might hear the audience boo when they introduce you.


You're like, oh shit, what have I done? Yeah, Yeah. That's right. Not everybody has the, this, this, these big self-confident to to, to keep that. Yeah. It's, it's an interesting aspect, but I don't, like if, if I had to choose one way or the other, I would say just fight. There's no need to talk shit. We should behave like martial artists. You know, my, my attitude about that is a true self-confident man. A true, a true man who overcome and understand his body, his mind, his, the opponent's mind and body and, and his mind don't need to, he that guy don't need to, to Talk Shit.


Talk shit to, doesn't matter to, to, to, to, to, to, to show that to others. Right. To, to the crowd or to, to, to fear the opponent. Because why I know that and all, I don't need to, to, to make a this show to anybody because I know it. I know what, what, what will happen. I have this self-confidence. So The thing about talking shit though, it does make you more money because, because it does, it does cause more people to pay attention. Like a good example of someone who doesn't need to talk shit but talks a lot of shit and becomes successful is Gordon Ryan, you know Gordon Ryan?


Yep. The jujitsu champion. Yep. That's his belt up there. That's his Abu Dhabi belt. Yep. Gordon talks a lot of shit. Yep. And he's the greatest of all time. Yep. And he still talks a lot of shit. That's him. But that's also why he's so popular. Yeah. Is because like people talk shit back to him and there's a lot of back and forth on social media. The most important thing is to be, to be him. To be not like to play it Right. To play it to be right, Right, right. To be, to be true yourself. Right. That is so when you are like that, yeah. Okay. Be a bad guy or, or whatever, but Right. Just show yourself. That's it. Right. Who are you for real? Yeah, that's right. And you express who you are in there. That's right. And you might not even like who you are After it.


Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Yeah. So a lot of guys that aggression, especially after a loss, it leads them to a place where they're like, I don't even like how I behave. I don't even like me. Especially with the bad feelings of a loss. So when you have all this aggression and shit talking and then a loss and a bad loss and you, you have this feeling of like, I was an asshole. Yeah. And I lost Yeah. And the crowd cheered when I lost. Yeah. Like, fuck Yeah. Yeah, yeah. But that's The game they play Though. That's the, that's the game. And this is something, what, what is for me, I can't forget, like for myself, because I want to show really true myself, so I can't talk shit.


And Yeah. You've gotta be yourself. Yeah. That's me. That's, Yeah. You can't, especially now, if you try to become an asshole now everybody would be confused like, what, what's, what's going on? If you took a heel turn, I am asshole. But, But, But So, so big ones. So I need to keep myself like so straight. So I can't, I can't do that because that will be just like I said, eagle line. Right. I'll show you just this one line. No. Right. I need to show you the center.


Right. You know? Right. You need to be pure, you need to be you with no bullshit. And that's how you perform at your best. So after a fight like this, there was a lot of sp, and this is, I brought back to the Luke Thomas video. He was saying like, you could be the middleweight champion. Like if you made two, oh you fought at 2 0 8. Like that's a lot lighter probably than DKAs du plus C. Yeah. DKAs is huge. Yep. I look at him, I was like, how does dus make 180 5? He's so big. Yep. Have you thought about that? I know there was some talk about that at one point in Time. Yes. Yes. I thought I thought about that. But the main thing for me is right now I see the way in light heavyweight because I'm this one of the strongest guy in, in the, in this division.


And I still feel like there is a way in in light heavyweight. And I said to myself like, okay, you can go to the middleweight, but first show the consistency in light heavyweight. Take a belt. Then You can with the belt from light heavyweight, you can fight for the belt from, for middleweight in middleweight Mm. To be a double champion. Yeah. So, yeah. Well, You know, it's interesting because weight cutting is in my opinion, the worst aspect of the sport. Josh Barnett was just talking about this. He was on the aerial Alani show and he was talking about the dangers of weight cutting in reference to Armand.


Sirians having to pull outta that fight. Armand is big. Yeah. He's big. When I stand next to him, I cannot believe he makes 1 55. He's very muscular, very dense, and very lean. And so for him to make 1 55, it must be an absolutely brutal weight cut. I gotta think he weighs 180 easy. Maybe more. Yeah. You know, he's big. And I think off when he's out of camp, I bet he weighs closer to 200. I mean, he's fucking thick man. Why? So For a guy like that, why, why do he do that? Why they don't fighting in, in in in Higher weight class. In higher weight classes. Well, the thing is at that weight class, Islam cherchev is so fucking good.


And he's so big, he's another one. You stand next to him, you're like, how the fuck does this guy make one 70? And he was actually talking about his first fight with Alexander Koski. And one of the problems that he faced was that the fight was very early Australia time. So that it could be on pay-per-view in America. Yeah. So he was getting ready at 5:00 AM so he did not have the time to recover from the weight cut from the previous day. Okay. So instead of having a full 24 plus hours, so if you're weighing in at 10 o'clock in the morning, now is it, what time do you weigh in? What time did you weigh in, in, in Los Angeles? Eight. Eight. Eight in the morning. Okay. Eight in the morning. So eight in the morning. And then you have a full 36 hours plus before you fight.


That's right. Which is plenty of time to recover and rehydrate. Yeah. But he did not get that with the Volinski fight. And you saw it in his performance. He didn't look as good. Okay. And 'cause he's fucking big man. Yeah. Yeah. So he's, I think weight cutting should be eliminated. I said this to Ari Emanuel when they first bought the UFC, I said, listen man, You know what should do, get rid of weight cutting. Just stop it. It's not, look, if you can randomly test people for drugs, you can randomly test their weight, show up with a scale. Hey buddy, step on the scale. Yeah. You're one 90 pounds. How the fuck are you making 1 45? Yeah, that's right. Like do so something like that. That's right. That's right. And come up with more weight classes. There should be a weight class every 10 pounds. This idea of these giant gaps, like 180 5 to 2 0 5, that's a 20 pound gap.


That's huge. That doesn't exist in boxing. That's right. You should have every 10 pounds. 85 95, 2 0 5, 2 25 and then unlimited. Yep. Instead of 2 65, let 'em weigh whatever the fuck they weigh. Yeah. These got giant guys out there that can't fight in the u ffc 'cause they can't make 2 65. Yeah. Which is kind of crazy. Yeah. Right. Like Bigfoot Bigfoot Silva, when he was at his prime when he was, when he was saucy, he was like 300 pounds. Yeah. He was fucking huge. So I like the way the o open weights man. Yeah. Yeah. Open weight, not 2 65. Let Francis in Ghana weigh whatever the fuck he weighs when he doesn't cut weight. Probably weighs like two 90. Instead of having weight cuts, just take the champions, find out what the champion weighs.


Like don't get rid of the championship belts. Find out what does Islam Mauch Chv weigh Islam. Mauch Chv is a UFC champion. Best pound for pound fighter on earth. Find out what he weighs. What do you weigh? If you were healthy, if weight cutting didn't exist, would it be 180 5? Okay. One 90, whatever that is. That's how you fight now. Yep. And we're not gonna weigh you in the day before and let you rehydrate. That's crazy. Talk fight people your size. Yep. And, and also the fights would be better. That's right. Because too many guys get depleted horribly by these weight. Like Max Holloway said he would never make 1 50, 1 45 again after he fought IA Topoya. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's like, I can't do it anymore.


'cause he had gone up to 55. He got thicker and then he went back to 45. He was just drained. He just wasn't himself. He didn't look good. Yeah. That's great. So I think that would be, and I know this is not an easy thing to do, but I do think it's just like getting steroids outta fighting. When they brought in usada, when you sawada came and you saw people's physiques melt, you saw people that were doing steroids on a regular basis and gaming the system. Yeah. And testing negative on the day of the fight. But all throughout their camp they were using, you saw their bodies change. Yeah. Yeah. They had started looking like doy and flabby because they didn't have any testosterone anymore. They fucked up their endocrine systems. Yeah.


Instead of allowing that, they brought in usada and USADA started randomly testing and a lot of people fell off. Great. Champions fell off. Yeah. Guys like Vitor Belfor fell off. That's right. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Great, great fighters. Yeah. I know who when they were using were unbelievably good, but then as soon as they had to be natural. Okay. So we realized that we're gonna have to sacrifice some fighters for that. This is the same approach that should be made with weight cutting. Weight cutting should not exist. It's terrible for you. It's unnecessary. It's not necessary. It's just sanctioned cheating that we've done forever. If you're telling me that Alex Pereira, when he fought Israel outta Sonja, he weighed 180 5 1 day and 2 26 the next day.


That's crazy. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah. It's crazy. Oh, that's, and it's not a slight against Alex. 'cause Alex is willing to fight heavyweight. He's willing to fight at what he weighs. Yeah. It should. Weight cutting is something that exists. It's it's sanctioned. They allow it to happen. Yeah. They know what's going on and it's cheating. That's right. They're not really 170 pounds. That guy's 1 95, he's depleted and dried out and then he is gonna swell back up again and he's gonna look huge the next day. But trick is everything is evolving. So yes, they should evolve that because for the safety of the fighters, for the safety of the fighters, it's not good to dehydrate your brain 24 hours before a cage fight.


That's right. It's dumb. Yeah. But nobody's gonna listen to me. Nobody listens to me. Uri nobody. Maybe after this. Yeah. I don't think they should even have cages. I think it should be an open floor. I think it should be an open floor. Like a basketball court. Yeah. Because I think, show me what's the best. Yeah. The cage allows you to get up when you wouldn't ordinarily be able to get up. You can walk wall, walk the cage allows someone to press you up against an, an, an unnatural object. There's a cage there. So you could press a guy up against a cage. Whereas if you were standing in the center, you could do moay thai sweeps. Yes. You could do, you could rotate around each other. There'd be more action. There'd be more movement. That's right. I also think if someone takes you down at the beginning of the first round, at the end of the round, you're on your back.


You start that second round in the same position. Yeah. You see that like Yeah. I, I have the similar, similar riff of the, of the fighting first I thought like where, why there is a rules, why there is a, the eye Gouging. Yeah. Eye, eye, eye pokes is not allowed. So I'm glad for after this last fight. It's not allowed. It shouldn't be allowed. But it's very effective, Man. Yeah. But show all your weapon of your body, how you can defeat this man. That's all one against one. That's all. Yes. One against one. That's all.


And the, the minimal amount of rules possible. You know, another thing that I think they should do, and I'm gonna talk to Dana about this this week, cover the fingers. There's no reason to have these fingers exposed. It doesn't help anything. It doesn't help grappling. You never grapple like this. Right. You never, you never use the fingers. No, no, no. Nobody does. You do this Yes. Or you do this. Yes. Or you, you do different things with your hands. But your fingers are But's still. The still they're always closed. It's still the feeling. Still the feeling. I understand. But the problem is the pokes because everybody does this because you're used to sparring with gloves on. So allow the po I pokes. Yeah. Man. Everybody, you will, you know, what will, what will happen, what every, everybody will be more prepared for.


For I poke for no, for I pokes for every possible attack for an eye. Because eyes is is the weapon too. For my, It's a Vulnerable. Yeah. Especially I, I can, I can speak about that because I'm using that like I see. So I Know what you're saying. Maybe, maybe it's weird. Yeah. The problem Is you don't want people to go blind. Like Michael Bisping can't see out of his right eye. Yep. Yep. You know, and that I just, ah, I feel like for the sake of the athlete's Future, everybody will took every fucking, sorry. Every, every, You can swear, every fight. Every fight. So seriously. So preparation will be so, and every people in the crowd will watch that with the man in this fight.


There can happen something. What, after that fight, we, we will not, can nobody can change. Right. Right. So we will like the fighters, we will speak better, perform better, train better, be prepared to die. Right. And not like, just in our mind, just to die to show the best performance. Like, like I mean that like philosophically like you have to stop thinking and be in the moment and All the, all these things. Right. But like, but that's what, that's, we are right now, speaking like about ancient fights, like about the fight.


I understand. Fight. Fight for the life. Real Fight. Yeah. Real fight. Yeah. No rules at all. Do you think maybe get rid of cups too and allow kicks to the balls. That's real. It's a real target. It's a vulnerability of the human body. Yeah. To ignore vulnerabilities of the Human body. It's, it sounds weird in especially in this age of the full of loss and all these things. Yeah. But that's, that's how I, how I see that we are living in the age where the loss is loss and the system Yeah. Is working. So we put, we have to put some, some system on the fighting too. Right. And so Eddie Bravo actually came up with an idea.


It was, he was joking around, but he wanted to call it ultimate sack fighting, where you would allow to kick a guy on the balls and that your balls would be exposed. So it is like, when the balls are in play, the game changes. And then the idea was that like, your balls are so vulnerable. Yeah. But yet you cover them with like a tie cup, you know? Yeah. Yeah. And that if he didn't, if the balls were hanging out, like your, You know, your chin is hanging out, that it would change everything. Yeah. Yeah. He was just joking around. It was very funny that the guy who would win would just have like iron balls who could Take Yeah. But nobody has iron balls. I mean, the human body has the, the eye pokes and ball shots. You didn't see saw Vulnerabilities. See, you didn't saw the, the, the, the monks.


Yeah. How they, how they kicking ball. I don't understand that. I think they're just hitting each other in the taint. I think their balls are tucked up. I think otherwise it doesn't make any sense that you could just slam your foot. 'cause also the way they're doing it, the monks, they're kicking up. They're kicking up. So I think they're just slamming their shin into the in step into the taint. Yes. It's not really the balls. Like if you front kicked that monk in the balls just front snap front, it would fall down dead. He'd be like, ah. Like what happened? Tell got iron balls. Nobody has iron balls. Nobody has iron eyeballs either. You know? That's right. The problem with eyeballs is Yeah, these guys, yeah. See how he he's doing that. Yeah. He's getting kicked In.


He's getting in the middle of Yeah, he's getting kicked in a taint. His balls are, I can even see the way his sack has pulled up. See that little thing that he's got on there? But Still he's right. Yeah. He probably has a little balls too. Unfortunately. It's stupid either way. That's stupid. That doesn't, if that was the only way, like if you could train that way. And you know, like a lot of the ties, they kick banana trees and kick sandbags. You know, we have a sandbag out there. It's so brutal to kick. But if you do that enough, you'll develop those micro fractures on your shins. Yep. And it'll make your shins much tougher. Yep. You can't make your balls tougher. Yep. You can't make your balls tougher. Yeah. There, I think there is no, no.


Ah, a reason This guy just punched himself in the dick Reason to This is so ridiculous. This is so ridiculous. These guys used to take, oh no. Fuck man. Oh, oh no, don't do it. Oh God. He's getting slammed the nuts by a log. These guys just hit each other the balls. But again, I think if you stepped to one of those guys and front snap kicked him writing the balls and they'd fall down. This is stupid. And what I, what I realized when I saw the, like a lot of masters of, of a lot of masters of, of these kung fu doing these weird stuff and all these things.


So there is a way to like, about obsession of the, of the martial arts, of the doing something in, in your life to the deepest level. But still this is a fighting Yeah. About, this is about the win. So I dunno if this will, can, can, will help you to really defeat the no defeat. No, no. Especially this is just defense. Yeah. Okay. So you are the preferred prepared to defense your, your boss. And so man, really like, think about it like in real.


Don't, don't be don't don't give it too much on these, on these side of an art, of the like just doing. It's good to to know one thing. One, two, right. One, two, really, really deeply. So you can time that timing that in every situation to know how to what, how to do this movement in every situation. But these movements, They're not an effective use of your time. Yes. Yeah. It's not gonna help you be a better fighter. It's, there's a lot of ancient movements that are probably good for the development of your consciousness. And they're probably good overall for your ability to be a better martial artist because they teach you certain movements which are almost like a form, like kata.


A lot of people talk about forms and they say it's a waste of time. But I, I think it's a moving meditation. I used to think it was a waste of time when I was a young man. Everything Is, When I got my black belt, I just learned the katas and then afterwards I'd forgotten them as soon as I, I just learned them so that I could pass the next test. And then once I knew All the forms and the adas, I didn't care anymore. I just wanted to fight. So like that. Yeah. But, but all these moves, they're Important. Are Are written in, in your, in your body, in your, yes. Maybe, maybe you don't realize that yet. But in a hardest situation in maybe there will one move will. Right. Wow. Will will jump, jump up and bomb.


Because you've Trained that system. You've trained your system about those things. Like the neo matrix man. Yeah, I know the kung fu. I know Kungfu. Yeah. Yeah. They think they're gonna be able to do that. Now this is a, they, I was just reading an article about that and they were comparing it to Neo and the Matrix. They think they're going to be able to download skills into people's brains. Man, it's, which sucks. This is, no, it sucks. Cause it wasn. It's a, I want 'em to learn the way you learned, I think. No, man, there is a the ego, the force. The force. We will do that by, I will take it. And this, there it is me, Dmitri. Yeah. That's Dmitri Snake. Dmitri. Hey.


And instead of like to take a, take a a fine, a real snake and whatever I I, I, I cannot describe, I know what you're saying on the, on the snake, so I know what you're saying. Like train those movements. So when the punch comes, you block, you counter No, no. And then that it's in your mind. You will take some information and by the force, you will give it in, in yourself to, I dunno. Which, which form you, you meant like, like the way they, like the ma like the matrix we spoke, spoke. I don't, let's let's Google that. 'cause they were, Jamie will find the article Maybe like El Musk have that Neural link.


I Don't think a drone link or so, or something like that. I don't think it was that invasive. I think it was, it was some other technology that they think they're gonna be able to utilize. Scientists use matrix style learning to write skills into human brains. See noninvasively so they don't have to inject anything. Okay. Put a A. Okay. Okay. A wire in your brain techniques use real time brain imagery and neurofeedback. It bypasses learning processes that require effort, study or practice. With our method, not only can we nudge complex patterns around in the brain, towards known ones, but also for the first time, right. Directly a new pattern into the brain and measure what effect that has on a person's behavior.


So Dr. Coraline Loden lead, author of the study and assistant professor of Brain and cognitive sciences at the University of Rochester. That's crazy. Okay. And this is, this is the one, one side, the second side, how I'm, how I'm looking, how I'm taking that is about right now I have no auntie. Right. But, But it's not about about just about the hair. It's about the, to be open to be connect with that. Yeah. With a consciousness. And there, I don't know how it working, but it's working to be just connected for All the information.


What's whatever happened and will happen is there in this moment, right here, right now. And it's just about the state. If you are, if you can be really connect for that. Right. 'cause I don't know where many moves. I didn't rehearse them. I didn't trained. They Just came out while You're fighting. And they just came out. Yes. And in the fighting, in the fight. And I don't know. I don't know where, and I didn't train spinning elbow. Never really. No, never. Man. Really? I didn't train that. Never.


That's crazy. And just follow, You just saw it and I'm just, it was just There. I just following the flow. Following Right. Following the movement. Right. Because there is a one elbow. Okay. You have the, and it's going really slow. You have a Second. Here it is. Yeah. You have the second album. We'll see it here. Use that. Boom, Boom. And bam. Between one and second one. There was a long conversation of You can do that. Try to do that. Okay. I don't believe that. No, do that. Please. And This was such a phenomenal exchange. People love that antenna too. They love that crazy hair.


Are you gonna bring that back? I liked you like this man. I Streamlined the, the thing I worried about that antenna, like that could get caught in something. Do what? It could get caught. Like if, if you're in a submission situation, you know how people grab shorts? I don't think anyone should wear shorts either. I think should wear tights. Maybe I can grab it. Like that's what I'm saying. In some You Could, yeah, you could. You, you know what? You could. And it would be legal. Dominic re caught me in a, in a guillotine in Galaina. And I was there in, and I said, my fuck my, I have the hair, big fucking hair. I can't, can't give the, the, the heads up. So yeah, that's what I'm saying. That was the problem. Yeah, that's what I'm saying in that moment. Yeah. Yeah. I think shaved is better for you, but it looks Cool.


And that's what I'm saying, like, it's not about Right. Right now. I feel like it's not about hair, it's not about anything. It's just about to, to ex how to say, to to be there. Be here and now. That's all. Yes. That's, yeah. That's all. What No bullshit. Just be in the moment. Especially right now in the moment, you have all this momentum on your side because of that spectacular victory. So you must be very energized right now. You must be really feeling like you're on the right path. Yeah. But still this is this state and this feeling have the two sides.


Yeah. So that's why I, because I know how, how it is to be a champion. How is this all this feeling and still how is, what is the, to not be the champion to, to really lost like, like a sh like, like a shit fell, fell, fell on the ground like a shit after. And so I realized that it's about to be just here and now. To be just here and now in this moment and show true yourself. Right. Not playing, not you Don't do stupid shit.


Don't do don't have the war. Be angry. Be no, just be. That's it. Show your, just be show your true self. That's, that's all that. And that's what I like on, on the states, on on America. Like they everywhere. Like they are, they are okay with that to show yourself through yourself. And we in Europe, we have some special, special thinking about America that like, there is something, something better than something better than everywhere.


Right. And you and you here just pushing more to everyone to just live through yourself. And maybe I'm wrong. No, you're right. But, but, but freedom. This, this is free Freedom. Fuck man. Freedom allows you to be your best self. Yeah. And this is something what man, what is for me so inspirational. Yeah. But still it's a gift. A big gift, but a big, how to say? Mm, big weight.


Yes. Big responsibility. Responsibility. Yes. Big responsibility. Because if you don't know how to work with the gun, it can be dangerous. Right? Yeah. So. Right, Right, right. Yeah. With great power comes great responsibility. Yeah. Where you, you sit right now at the top of the heap, like after Uncle Iev, especially after that performance, it's very likely that either you or a lot of people are forgetting about Yom Bo Hovi. I always like to give him his props because Yom Bo Hovi is still one of the best fighters in the world. Yeah. And I would like to see him get another shot because he's also 41 or 42 I think now.


Yep, yep. And you know, he doesn't have much time left in his prime. Yep. And Jan has maintained like even at 40 years old still. Yep. It doesn't show any signs of deterioration. That's Right. Man. When I thought about opponent, my next opponents there was just like these guys, uncle life Pereira the perras most. But let's see how, how the negotiations will be the pereira and life and maybe the bako witch. So these three guys I see still there. I see the challenge. Yes. The challenge. Because I, I want to go somewhere where I will feel I can, because every time when when there is a challenge, there is a new you and there is a new, something new what you need to overcome, what you need to rule, what you need to what you need to observe.


Yes. Yeah. Yeah. They're the elite level of the game. Yeah. You know, yo be Hovi, he's one of the, I think the only guards to go the distance with Pereira other than Bruno Silva, right? Yep, Yep, yep. Because he have the hands up Also that guy's made outta iron. I mean, I'll never forget the fight with uncle I when he was just going shin to hin with uncle I and uncle. I could barely walk. Yobe. Hovi is made outta rocks, man. That dude just, Man, I thought like he won that fight. But Very close. Yeah. Very close fight. But you could definitely see giving it to Yobe. Hovi. There's a lot of those fights. Here's another thing that I think should happen in the UFC. I think we need more than three judges. I don't even think that the judges, some judges are very good.


I think the judging in California was very good. I think overall, I think we need at least five judges. I think three is too little. I think we need, 'cause there's too many times where two judges get it wrong and the crowd is like, what the fuck? I think if you had five judges, then you have two judges that would counterbalance that other and there'd be three, two in the right direction and you would get a good result. Okay. I think you're more likely to get a good result. An accurate result of what the fans and the experts see about the result of a fight than you would if there was only three judges Or fighting. They'll win. Yes. Fighting to win. Well that, that's the, I mean, what Gordon likes to do, Gordon Ryan likes to do is no, no time limit fights.


He does no time limit fights with no points. Like, listen, we're going to submission. This is what this game is about. It's a bit me strangling you. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Imagine that If they start doing the UFC, like the old UFC, like UFC won no rules. Maybe for somebody it'll be a little bit like, they will not like it because it'll be, maybe sometimes it will belong. Maybe. But maybe, but what? Yeah. Yeah. This is it. That's fighting. Yeah. That's fighting. People Watch baseball. Yeah. No, no offense against baseball. But that shit's boring as fuck compared to fighting you. You know, what's my theory about that? So there is sports, a lot of sports, but the first one, first sport, first fuck, first Version of sports For version of, of version of sport was like one man wants to overcome the second man.


Yes. And it came from DNA From D from DNA from fight. From fight for these piece of, from Being cavemen for Food. From from food fighting predators. Yeah. Yeah. This is it. This, this. That's why it came from And in the, in the, in the time there was like, let's, let's do some other, another competition. Another competition. Right. To not be So violent. So violent. But then, yeah. To be honest, the realest one competition is the one man against the second man. That's Why that sport, this is translates through all languages, is the only sport that translate like cricket.


That's it. Cricket is huge in other parts of the world. Nobody watches cricket in America, in other parts of the world, billions of people watch cricket. Nobody gives a fuck about cricket here. Put cricket on tv, you'll no one's gonna watch. And we, In a time, we gave the some rules, the kimonos, all these things. No, let's, Well that was the beauty of the first UFC. The first UFC was just wild. No weight classes. No, no, no real rules other than I pokes you. There's a, there's a, there's a, there Joe, Joe San was fighting Keith Hackney. Yep. And Keith Hackney was caught in a guillotine and he's just punching Joe san in the balls.


It's a famous scene. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Do you remember that? I, I saw, Yeah. I was like, I remember watching that going, oh, this is awful. This is awful. This is another one in Brazil. Big daddy Goodrich was fighting this guy named the the Pedro. Look at this. Just pure nut shots. Just one after the other. Right to the balls. This is horrible to Watch. Show me the monk training. But Here's the thing. If he's wearing a cup, especially if he's wearing a tie cup, a steel cup. Yep. Which I also think should be illegal. No, I don't think you should have steel cups. Mm. Because steel cups act as a leverage point as well. Okay. You know, not only you can break your foot on it, it's an unnatural object. And then if you get someone in an arm bar with a steel cup Yep.


You can break it. It's like it's That's right. It's an extra leverage point. It's like, it's like bending a stick over a rock. Use it like a whipping. Yeah. And you, Kenny Florian used to always fight with a tie steel cup. And he's like, I don't know why anybody would fight with anything else. 'cause it hurts them when they kick me. Yeah. Yeah. And it really is like a good leverage point maybe. So it's also good for the mount if somebody mounts you. There was a guy that I used to train with a beer var and he used to get on top of you and mount you and drive his cup, drive his dick in your solar plexus and you'd want to tap. It was horrible, but it was smart. I mean, if, if it's legal, it's a, it's a smart thing. Yeah. Find a way between the laws. Yeah. Imagine If nobody had cups. If cups were illegal, there'd be so much more nut shots.


You know, Maybe somebody will find a way how to jump with the, these ka to do a face Like those guys. I don't think so. I don't think that's real. No, no, I don't think that would work. But other than that, the, you know, the rules, they're pretty good. They're getting a little bit better. I'd like knees on the ground as well. Knees to the, I don't think a opponent should be allowed to be in a turtle when your head is vulnerable. Yep. You have to move, you have to avoid those knees. And that's a, like Before my last fight right now, the, the ref referee, oh, sorry, I didn't, with the, with the big mustache. Oh, Mike Beltran. Mike Beltran. Yes. Sorry. Mike Beltran. He goes, he, he is a good guy. And he tried to, to tell me like how to when, because I didn't know that The change of the rules.


The change of the rules. Yes. Like when the hands down. Right. When it's not the, when it's not the elbow, when the hands down and you staying and the legs and hands down you can knee the opponent to the hands. Yes. Still. So, man, that's, That's better. That's Better. Much better. Yeah. That's better. Much better. Because guys were gaming the system. They put a hand down so they couldn't get need in the face. That's crazy. Yeah. That doesn't make any sense. You should not be doing that. Yeah. That, that's a good rule that they changed. Another rule is the 12 to six out. Well that should be legal too. And now that's legal. Again, that's the only reason for John Jones ever having a loss. You know. So there's, there's good movement on the rules. Rise allowed knees to the head to a grounded component.


Kicking. Kicking and kicking. Kicking. Yeah. Did you get accustomed to that and have to like, get that out of your system when you came to the UFC? Yeah. Is there any moments where you like thought about throwing a soccer kick? No, no, no. I did. I didn't thought about that. But I'm When you are still, when you were in the control, in the, in the fighting. What's the I think the, the, the biggest, biggest thing in, of the fighter in, in the fighting to, to to stay in, in the control. So you know what to do, what can't to do. But some, there is a moments when you don't, don't control yourself too much. So. Right. So it is, it's dangerous. But in raising, I use that. IU I did that like I think twice.


Yeah. Yeah. It's very effective. It should be allowed. Yeah. I think it should be allowed. Yeah. I think the only problem with soccer kicks is the cage. So the cage, if your head is right there and you get stomped, you can't move. Yep. Yep. So this, it's the unnatural barrier of the cage. That's a problem. That's why I think basketball court Yeah. Matted down basketball court. That's, that's good. Just two men in the center of it have a warning track. Yes. Where you go outside the warning track too many times you lose points. Yep. Yep. 'cause you're trying to avoid the fight. Plenty of movement. Yeah. Plenty of time to room. And if someone gets you Down, man, that's, I was just trying to better Right. To imaginate that. And it is, it's better. It is good. It's much better. Yeah. Yeah. It's better. Yeah. Because you wouldn't be able to just stall the fight out by holding someone against the cage.


Yes. 'cause sometimes when fighters are exhausted, they'll just clinch against the cage, try to catch their breath. That wouldn't be allowed. You couldn't do it. There would be no opportunity to do that. That's right. That's Right. Also, if you got taken down, you'd have to get up with skill. You can't just use the cage to get up. It's very hard. Especially if you've got a great wrestler like Islam on top of you. Very hard to get up any other way than wall walking. Yeah. Just right now. I'm, I'm thinking about it. I think about, about the, how's the name of the movie? Hunger Games. Yeah. Just to put somebody in, somebody somewhere. Yeah. And they will find each other's in the natural environment environments and they will fight together and everybody will watch that.


So Yeah. So give them weapons. Well, have you seen those? They they do have like people with armor on fighting sword fights now. Yeah, Yeah. Craze. Yeah. Just a matter of of time before they take that armor off. Yep. Yep. That's right. That's right. And some crazy country. Yeah. Some wilder country that just million dollar port purse. You fight with swords, so Geez. Yep. Then you're back to the Roman days. The coliseum. Yeah. But still, how I see that when we are going higher in understanding everything we have to go, maybe I'm wrong deeper in, in the, in the these raw raw things.


Yes. We want to see more raw because to be not to some Yes. Like to go And you understand me, right? Yes I do. 'cause the consequences are higher. You have to get more pure. So ba ba Did you, Did you ever read any Mia Malta mushi? You know I read Yeah, Of Course. I don't even have to ask. But the book of Five Rings, he talks about that because Mia Malta Musi was such a great sword fighter. Yeah. That he, he believed the only way to fight at your best is you have to be a balanced person. Very balanced. That's right. You have to be an artist. You have to be able to do calligraphy and write poetry. You can't just be aggression. Yes. You have to be completely balanced.


And he believed in that so strongly and taught that so strongly in the book of five Rings. That if you, if you think about how he applied it to sword fighting, it makes sense. Everything what you're saying makes sense because you have to be completely pure when it's just two men and, and swords. Yep. You can't have any bullshit. You can't let the ego get you on the wrong line. 'cause you're not just gonna get punched in the face. You're gonna lose your head. That's right. Yeah. That's right. There is no yeah, no time. And that's why, that's why I don't like it. There's no time for a talking, there is no time for a bad word in your talk.


No time for a bad move in the fighting. So your mind had to stay controlled, stay present and use do, do nothing. What's not, what's not useful for this moment. Yeah. Right Now we are natural here, but when the, our life will these podcasts, these talking maybe when you will not talk your everything True.


Everything, honestly, it will cost you a life. So we will everybody. Mm. We both, we will pay attention of every hour word. Because in in that ages of mimo to mushi, there was a, even, even the word can cost somebody's life. Yes. So that's why they were so precise. In everything. In every, that's the Japan, every movement, every, even the, even the teapot, even the tea ritual is the, is the, is the art. Yeah. So, so, so that's why they was, and still they are so precise in the thinking, in expressing, in expressing your true self.


Not just talking whatever matter fucker. Hey, how are, hey, what's up? I don't, this is something where I don't like to, to to America. Like everybody ask you, Hey, how are you? And, and don't care about your and and they don't care about your, your answer. Right. So, and, and I want to stay in. Hey, I'm great. How are you today? No, you don't care. It is going somewhere. Right. So, so why answer, why, why? You ask me, why are you doing this? So, right. So it's A figure of speech, unfortunately. But but still It's a, it's a kind figures speech.


Like How are you doing? I, I know, but it's not real. Yes. But it's not real. They don't really care what you're doing. They don't Care. How are you? You understand? Yeah. So, so It's kaizen. Yeah. Let's, it's kaizen. Let's be real. But sometimes don't, don't push it too much to Right. To the I am important. Every my role is important. Right, right, right. Every movement. So the true power is coming, is coming with a lightness to be lightness. And lightness is not to take in so much seriously and take in too, too much light. So taking like, like, don't care about what I'm saying.


So some still balance. Balance. It's just Balance. Constant balance. And staying pure. Staying in your, and do you, is that what you're feeling when you stare your opponents down? 'cause like these, one of the, the fights with Pereira and the fight with Jamal Hill, you, you just lock on your opponent and you stare. And is that what you're doing in that moment? Just trying to be completely present, just empty yourself of all bullshit. That's the Yeah. This is the moment where before the fight, yes. It's all about that. Because there is no opponent. There is just a mo this moment.


I'm everywhere. You're everywhere. That's all. Ooh, I like it. I'm everywhere. Yeah. But this is not something what I'm telling you that because I wanna be cool. No, no, no. I don't think You are. This is a real truth. Yeah. That's all. So now that you have this big victory, what happens next? Do you wait for the UFC to call you? Do you wait for Uncle Live and Pereira to fight to see what happens next? This is what I, what I am right now. Not expecting what, what I want to, to see the fight. If, if they fight will happen because they are translating that so much. This this, their fight.


So, so let's see. Let's see who's the best and my attitude. And right now I know that how I, what to do to not to get better, to do a real serious preparation, to get prepared for both of them. Doesn't matter who, and be ready for, for negotiation about, about the next fight. I want a title, but I will let the life to give me who's before me right now.


Who's the, who's the challenge right now before me. So it's just about whatever the challenge is, accept it, and then try to find your best self for that's next, this next performance as well. That's right. It's an exciting time for you, man. How old are you right now? 32. It's A perfect prime. That's in your prime. It's an exciting time. Are you enjoying this life? Yes. Yes, yes, yes. Enjoying, but man, long time. Nobody ask me for like, for these questions. So I didn't thought about that long time. But, but yes, since I decide I wanna go this way of the, of the warrior of Adre man to, to, to feel the true power and take it to our, to my life and live with that.


Not just to feel that and go away, but to, to keep it in a daily life. Yes. Yes. I'm, I'm enjoying that. And I don't know who, who said that. Like watch, watch yourself like an, like an art, like an like an David. You are right. You're making a masterpiece Master. Make a past masterpiece from your life. And that's what I like to do in my meditations, to take a step up, watch your soul. Watch what, watch where you going, what, who you spend time with.


Where is your daily daily, what's your daily routines, how it make it better. And then go into the deepest level of the present moment and live that and stay with these your best ideas. What you, what you are connected with. Yes. So yes, you ask me, yes, I live that, but I didn't in the time right now I can, I I can say it right now. I didn't expect it'll cost you everything.


Like it'll cost you your old personality and you will reborn like a new personality. Yeah. But still I know somebody, my spirit, whoever choose that because I know this is the way, One of the things that I have to talk to you about was in the Alex Pereira fight, you thought that they were using some magic experience. Black magic. Yeah. Black magic. Yeah. What do you, why, why did you think that? You know, okay, I will take it from another, from another start. Okay. When I'm doing something, I'm doing that.


Like I'm, I'm extreme in every, in everything what I'm doing. So I want to go to the, to the bottom, to the bottom of the, to the start where it, the, the source. The source of that where, where it's going. And the source of the spiritual world of that question. What is the spiritual world? Where is the, where the source is? If there is some weapons, how the, how they use that in the cage. And I went in that so deep.


So I get lost really. So I had to, I had, I had another, no, no other chance just to totally close this, close these doors. Just believe that I am who I am, who to believe, just for ideas which I started with, like the martial arts and all these things. And just be in the gym and train. Don't do another these bullshit.


Because with Perra, I really get lost and I started to believe to another people, to not just myself. And this is something, this is the, this is the way to help to when you start, stop believing yourself, your true yourself. And when you start believing some spiritual guys who's trying to protect you or giving you something and trying to lead you, and they know what's the best for you. And that was my biggest school in this life, I think to.


So yeah, that was my like, last preparation to just believe in myself, go to the gym and train, do a good camp. Do a camp. What, what was the, what was the first your biggest inspiration? So in Japan, I made a camp in Japan. Then I made in high attitude training in Mexico. Then I went back to my city, Bruno for my guys, for my team. And we made a solid good camp, hard camp. And The last fight, I'm happy. That happy.


What is it about getting down to the source that made you think he was using black magic? Yeah, it's every time a big no big difference experience. I said that, that for big power, when you are responsibility pon, it speaks for responsibility, not just big responsibility. We are, we are, I, I wanna speak right now. So I don't want, I don't want to speak about that fully because still it is, it is something what I am humble for.


And I can say, this is it. This is it. Yeah. Too, because everyone, everyone have has the, their own way. And nobody is like, even me prepared for the saying some something, what, what can be for somebody? Like take it seriously, You know? You know, maybe, man, again, I, I get lost in, in that. So the thing is, I just started to believe, I will not speak about where is the magic, what, how to use the magic.


But You believed that there was magic working against you, Man. I, and that was the, that was the biggest power to my, for my opponent because I was focused for him, not for me. Mm. You know, and That's where the black magic lies. And then because It gets you outside of your own head, is that, that's it. But is that black magic or is that just his presence as a champion? Because that's the, the aura of a fighter is a weapon. He have, he, Israel hadan, when he was in his prime had that Mike Tyson in his prime had that. There's Anderson Silva had that. There's an aura that champions have when they're in their prime that makes you think about them instead of yourself. And it probably seems like black magic.


Yeah. But still, this is the, just for me is the pure self-confidence. And to be pure self-confident, you, You can't think about your opponent. And that was the, that was something what I made. That was something what I really went to another level. Yeah. Yeah. So when you look at yourself now and this amazing performance against Jamal Hill, do you, are you imagining yourself even better? Are you constantly imagining yourself even more precise, even more accurate, even more effective?


Yeah. Yeah, sure. But right now I am more in reality about that. Not, not just in, not just in imagination. I wanna see that in video, right? I wanna be real. I wanna see the, my, the results of my work, the, all these things real, not just the thing. Like still think about, I can be better, I can do this, but I no, I want to do, I want to be a champion and I'm going for it. And I wanna show that to everyone. That's all. And I will show that.


And then, then we can speak about, about the black magic again. No, because, So right now you don't even want to concentrate on the idea of that. Yeah. And to protect yourself from that. You just don't think about it and be in your own. It's All mind. It's all about that. Yeah. It's all about that. Because in the, like I said, the mind is a big great surf, but the baddest baddest the boss. Yeah. Yeah. So that's why it Can run away from you. Yep. Yeah. That's why I had to go back to the Japan where like my old belief started to go really deep because there, I started to be, I dunno how to say it, like not, not just inspired, but to live, live it, really live it without, without no, without anything.


So In, in managing your mind, I'm sure one of the most important things is to not have a lot of like negative influences. Not have a lot of negative thoughts. And that, do you spend any time on social media when you're in camp? Yeah. Yeah. But, but I'm doing just some posts and that's all. Yeah. Just post and Post. Just post and go. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. That's how to do it. Or post. And maybe some answer to my, just a few, few of my friends. And that's all. No, no reading comments, no reading anything. Because I'm here to, right now, I'm here to, to show you my way of the martial arts or to my, my way to the, to the strength when I still feel the way.


And this is it. What is the, the days that you spend in darkness and silence, what does that do for you To still, it's about explore your mind, keep your mind disciplined, keep your thoughts on the ground, observe the, it's all about the mind. And, and then about the training, because I trained there too, in that dark, you mean that dark room? Yeah. Yeah. So meditation, observing, mind, follow, follow your, and find the best, the best of your, what You can, what You can achieve in this life.


What you can, if You can, if you want. Really. And this is the question, what everybody have to answer for to, to, to ourselves, which life we wanna live, which thoughts is the useful, which not, which I need to let go and which I want to keeps in my life. Mm. So And so it's just a deep exploration of your own mind. Yes. Maybe the, because there is a lot of, lot of levels like imagination, see the, some visualization, some, some life dreams, All the, all these things.


Because after three days, the, it's, there is a opening. The third, third eye is opening. And You can see, You can, you can see truly who you are. And maybe sometimes somebody needs more days without food. So it's going to be, then it's without food, it's going to be like more intensive. Yeah. Everything's going much faster. So yeah. So when you started doing this, you do no food. Do you just drink water when you're in There? Yeah. And if you to, to understand me, all these things I'm doing, because I really decide, like to use everything like a weapon in a fighting to use my mind, use my visualization, use the everything.


And that's, that's why I went to do this trip of the spirituality so deep because I thought, I thought there will be some special weapons where I can use in the fighting. And the biggest special weapon is to be yourself, the realest yourself. That's all there is. The, that's the key. That's The key. Yeah. Well, listen, brother, I'm a big fan. I love watching you fight. I really enjoy talking to you. I wish you nothing but success and I can't wait to see you.


Get after it again. And I'm, I'm very happy for you and your improvement. Your last fight was incredible. And Thank you for everything. Thank you. Thank You too. Tell everybody, do you have a website? Do you have a website online? What is your website? I, I have a, just a, just a brand. You mean like, Do you have a website or do you just have social media? Oh, social media. Yeah, sure. Social media. Just Instagram. Yuri prohaska, Yuri y Cap. Prohaska. Yes. In Instagram. Twitter too. Twitter is Yuri. BJP. There It is. Yep, that's it. What does BJP stand for. Wow, man, this is Wow.


Who I, what I came from the stands, the, that, that Young Yie, not Young Yie. The, the true yie. Who's but UFC Don't like that you because I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm trying to tell them like, this is the best Yi Prohaska, but in the Real is in Czech is a bombak pizza, and that mean like bombs as fuck. Yeah. So because Yeah, that's it. That's it. So it's bomb as fuck Yuri Prohaska. That's right. That's it. That's right.


Beautiful. Yeah. All right. Looking for a biggest strength, that's all. Yes, sir. That's it. All right. Thank you, brother. This was awesome. Thank you too. Really appreciate you. Thank you very much. All right. Bye everybody.