
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Alright, well, My man, what's happening? Pleasure. No, please. My pleasure. Thank you. My pleasure for having me here. My honor, I'm, I'm very excited about this new thing you're doing. I'm very excited about your journey into the lightweight division. Something that's, I felt very excited also about that. What are you walking around at? Like what do you walk around at when you were fighting at 45? I'm, I'm gonna tell you in KS. Okay. I walk around 80, 82. That's what is, What is that Jamie? Like 1 60, 1 70, 1 75, 1 75, 180.


180. Most closer. Yeah. Okay. So you were losing quite a bit of weight. 35 pounds. 25, 30 pounds. Like oof. Yeah. That's a lot. Yeah. Hard. That was the hardest part. Yeah. Of my training of the fight game for me. I wasn't enjoying at all the last couple of fights that, that I had. 'cause it's like I had to become more professional in the way cut than in a fight game, you know? And it was taking a lot of time and energy from me. And I'm like, my dream is to, to become a world champion. I want to end up this, this chapter that I have that I started in 1 45 and now it's time to, to really enjoy it. And I'm very excited about that. I already have one fight and 1 55 Ja Herbert Ja Herbert.


Yeah. I really wish the UFC would eliminate weight cutting. I really wish there was a way. Why does, doesn't love to do that. I don't, it's sanctioned cheating that everybody has to do. It's like you're, you know, I mean, if you're saying you're 180 pounds, you're not really 1 45. Right. So it's crazy that you're the 1 45 pound champion, but you're 180 pound man. It's kind of nuts. Yeah. And, but, but at the same time, if you go to the next weight class, you are playing with the disadvantage because the guy in the next division is cutting a lot of weight. So if you don't do that, at the end of the day, you walk inside the octagon and you are the smaller guy. Yeah. Like Islam. Islam Che is huge. I mean, that guy, how he makes 1 55 is, I don't understand it.


Every time I stand next to him, like how would you, 1 55, How much do you think he, he walks around, He's gotta be one 90 ish in the one 90 range. Yeah. He's gotta be, that's what he looks like to me. I never saw him in a person. Yeah. He's thick. He's thick and big. I mean, he's, he's not a small, he's not 155 pound man. It's just so silly. The whole thing is just, it's, it's an, it's an old thing that we kept for no reason. And I feel like they should blow all the weight classes. I, I've talked to Dana about this. I actually talked to Ari Emanuel about this when they first bought the UFC. I said the first thing you should do is get rid of this, get rid of the weight cutting and just add a bunch of weight classes. You know, because some of the weight class gaps, like the gap between 70 and 85 and then 85 and 2 0 5, they're too big.


The gaps are too big. 20 pounds is nuts. I would do something with the, with the drug test. Like if I go to your home to, to, to make the drug test, I put you in, in, in the scale. If you walk around like 8% or 10% over your weight, I would obligate you to go in the, in the, in the weight next weight class. Just to give you an, an example. For example, if you're fighting a hundred kilograms, I'm, I'm gonna say in kilograms, and I go to your house, I do the, the drug test. I put you on the scale and you weigh this 110 kilograms, I will force you to go to the next weight class. Yeah. I think that's realistic. That, that makes sense. And I think that they should have more weight classes. 'cause the weight class gaps are just too large.


Oh, maybe that's an option also. Yeah. I mean, at the lower weight classes it's 10 pounds, which seems reasonable, but really at the lower weight classes, And you know, when you like 1 25 and 1 35, it could easily be five pounds. Five pounds is reasonable. But the Dana doesn't want like 12 weight classes or 12, 15, 20 weight classes like boxing as he wants it to be. Like the UFC has now. But it's not enough. There's just Not enough. I don't really know the real reason behind that, but I would love to talk to Dana and ask him this, this questions also because it's kind of dangerous also. Yes. For the guys. And many times you put on a show for the people and you don't really know if they're gonna make the weight.


Right. Exactly. And they're gonna be compromised. Exactly. I mean, there's a lot of guys who fight just deeply dehydrated from the day before. And even though they've rehydrated themselves, their brain's not rehydrated yet. Exactly. It's not smart. And it, it's not, it's also not necessary. Like why would it, it would make for better fights. Why would you want someone to be physically compromised 24 hours before they're fighting? It doesn't make any sense at all. But at the same time, the way cut takes something out from you. That's crazy. It's like putting a dog inside the room for 20 days without any food and you open the door and you put him in a different room with full of food.


It's like the same thing. You know, when I'm cutting the weight, I'm like, I'm different person. Mm. I feel, I feel that. I'm like, my mind goes different. My thought process is different. Everything is so different at, at that moment. I'm not so kind when I'm cutting weight. Yeah. More focused. Yeah. Dialed in. Exactly. Dominic Cruz says it's a good thing. He says he likes weight cutting because he gets you dialed in. He says he gets you completely dialed in for a fight. How Much he cuts. I don't think he cuts that much. That's why for 35, That's why he likes It. Ask Alex Pereira if he likes it. Yeah. You know. 'cause when he was fighting at 85, he was weighing in Wow. At 85 and then fighting in the, in the cage at 2 25, 2 26.


Which is crazy. I don't know how, how that guy was making 1 180 5. I don't know. That's crazy. Because he's huge and he's so tall. Well, how about Drake is duplicity. How the fuck is he 180 5? That guy's huge. Yeahs a tank. That guy's huge Also. There's a lot of these guys like, but it's, it's very deceptive because the general public thinks that's a 185 pound man. But he's not. Dreas is probably when he gets into the cage, he's well into the two twenties. He's a big guy. I don't know in what way, way he, he walks around, but he's huge guy also comes up when he was fighting in one 70. Yeah. He was big also. He was almost killing himself. Making make The craziest one, trying to make the way was Anthony Rumble Johnson.


Do you remember Anthony? Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Anthony, I ran into him once in between fights and I said, how much do you weigh? He said, two 30. Wow. He was fighting one 70. He ch he switched How many weight classes? He started from one 70. He went to like, liked heavyweight and then yeah, he ended up fighting in, in the heavyweight division. Right. He went to middleweight and didn't make weight. He missed weight and lost that fight. And then he fought heavy weight outside the UFC and then came back and fought light heavyweight in the UFC. You know, something similar happened to me. Also, I started fighting in the Banton weight division. Really? Yeah. Before the UFC, like in Cage warriors. When I was fighting in the Cage Warriors, I actually missed the weight also when I was, was fighting for the belt, I was, I, I was fighting at that time in the Banter way division.


Then I, I keep fighting in, in the third way. Then now I'm in the lightweight. I hope I, I don't end up fighting in the wealthy way. How old were you when you first started fighting In MMA? You asking? Or, or In, well, t when did you first start martial arts With four years old? My, my dad put me with my brother in, in judo. Then we went to Georgia. We kept practicing with the gre, the GRE wrestling. And then we moved to Spain when I was 15 years old. And completely by chance we find the gym. And we started training the, the MMA, the mixed and martial arts.


Totally. By chance. Totally by chance. Wow. So were you a mixed martial arts fan at all? I didn't know anything about the mixed and martial arts. I didn't know anything, anything about the BJJ, the ground game, any fucking thing. Wow. So we went to, to Spain and we wanted to keep with the same discipline as we, we were doing in Georgia with the Remar wrestling, but they don't have the culture of, of that sport. So we were a little bit sad, you know, because we wanted that sport. My brother was really, really good on that. So my mom, mom was working and he saw a man with the cauli flow ears.


He went to, she went to, to him, and she asked him like, what you doing? Because my kids want to, to do wrestling. Do you train in, in some gym or, or something? And he said, no, I'm doing the BJJ. Bring your kids and I'm gonna, I'm gonna show you the gym. She came to home and my dad and, and my mom, they started to convince us like, there's a gym. They are practicing like jujitsu, MMA, all the sports. And I was like, but what the fuck is this? I know. What's this? And my dad start started to show me the videos of the Gracie's. He, he, he told me like, this one of the best sports in the world right now.


You are gonna guys love it, this and that. And at that day we went to the gym and I fell in love since the first second.


This episode is brought to you by Squarespace. Have you ever been shopping online? And the website just gave you the ick, let me tell you, that wouldn't happen if they used Squarespace. Squarespace Design intelligence empowers anyone to build beautiful more personalized websites tailored to your unique needs. And with Squarespace payments, it's super easy to manage payments with just a few clicks. Plus, with Squarespace's integrated and optimized SEO tools, there's all the help you need to get people to your site. Head to Squarespace dot com slash Emma for a free trial and use code, Emma to save 10% on your first purchase.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. Summer is almost here, and you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but You can get chicken Parmesan delivered Catamaran. That's a no lemon meringue. That's a yes. A day in the sun. No, a bottle of rum. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely help you out with that. Get almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You must be legal drinking age, please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by Region C app for details.


It's actually a great base to start out from starting with judo and then Greco worming wrestling and then going into Jiujitsu. It's really great because you already have a, an established grappling base. It's great. Of course, my recommendation for everyone is if you want to have a career in, in, in MMA, you should start with wrestling. Because for me personally, because this is my personal experience, that it's much easier to learn in the future boxing than start with boxing and learn the wrestling. Really for me, yes. I think so. And I saw that in, in in many people. But how old were you when you first started boxing?


17 years old. That's fairly old. Yeah. Like when you think about how high level your striking is. Of course it is. Yeah. But when I started, I was like, okay, I'm very good with the wrestling. I can take people down, I can control them. I have a great ground game. But what if I go to the highest competition and I, I find some, some adversities. I have to be able to fight in the, in, in, in the striking also. So I have to dev, develop my game in the striking and I style from, from, from that. And I start with my brother. We were like the, the first people to go inside the gym and the last ones to live it. So we were studying every day, all day. Like so obsessed.


We were watching like all the videos of Julio Chavez Oh wow. Kane, all that. Practicing all the techniques and then porting in, in interaction, the sparrings and all that. And I was like finding my style. Mm. What that, that I really like to do. Well it's interesting because Spain doesn't have a long history of mixed martial arts. So like you are the first champion from Spain in the UFC. So it's, it's very interesting that you, you got in there as a young man and there wasn't really like a big established community yet. So I was the first guy to, to get into the top 15, the top 10, the top five.


And then the, the world champion. We, we had a guy in in Spain who fought in in, in the UFC. I don't know if you remember him. Enrique Wasabi. Okay. Yeah. He did the Ultima Fighter. Then we have another guy also Joel Alvarez. He's doing a great job also. But before that we didn't have anyone in the UFC. So when you first started training, were there amateur competitions in Spain? Yeah, there was amateur MMA. Hmm. And I made three fights in amateur. And then I start with the professional game. I did four fights in Spain. And at some point it was so difficult to find a fight for me that I had to start to travel in the European territory to to, to get a fight.


Yeah. And everything started from that. But it's fascinating because a lot of world champions generally, well there's a good percentage of them come from an established gym that already has elite high level competition. But it seems like that's not the case with your gym. No, it wasn't. So, I don't know. I don't know what was the reason to be honest to, to came this far. I don't know. Well, that's always the question with champions, like, are champions born or are they bred? Because there's, there's gyms that develop, like Marvin Haggler came outta the Petronelli Brothers gym in Brockton, Massachusetts. They're not known for world championship fighters, but Marvin Hagler's, one of the greatest of all time.


It's like there was something inside of him that made him excel The same thing. There was something inside me that made me the person who I'm today. Did you know when you first started training, when you first started doing MMA that you were gonna fight professionally? Yeah, since the first day. So my mindset always was the, the same, exactly the same as I have right now. I'm like, if someone did it, I also can do it. And if no one did it, I can be the first one to do it. This is the mindset I i I always had. It's, it's like, yeah, that I think that the champion are are they are not born, they are made also because You can burn in a extraordinary situation, but You can end up so bad.


You know, it's the opposite. Also, You can burn in a, I don't know, crazy situation and end up in a paradise. Yeah. It's, it's such an interesting thing because they all, champions are not the same type of person either. You know, you've got guys like Sugar Sean O'Malley, who's silly and smokes weed and has crazy hair. And then you got guys like Alex Pereira very stoic, you know, very serious. It's everyone's different. He's very serious. Very serious. I met him in, in, in, in Sydney. I went with my brother because he made his UFC debuted and yeah, he was kind of quiet, like, Yeah, he's intense. Yeah. He's so serious.


Yeah, He's intense. I remember watching him fight for the first time in glory in kickboxing, and I was like, Jesus Christ. I just watched week chaos people. I was like, this guy is different. Huge. Yeah. Great. Crazy power. His power is just ridiculous. I mean, like, hit guys would be blocked. Who do you love watching fight at this fight? I love watching you fight. Yeah. I'm a giant fan. I like all styles, man. I'm fascinated by the, the game in all different styles. I mean, I, I like watching all the champions. I mean, I love watching Marab fight. Wow. He's a fucking animal. He's the machine. I love him. He's an Animal. He's a, I mean, I just don't understand that cardio, his cardio is fucking crazy.


It's like superhuman cardio. And I'm gonna tell you something about Moab that surprised me. That maybe you see him in the mat and he's not the most special guy, the most careful guy in the room. But I don't know what happens to him when he gets inside that octagon. Wow. That man is a fucking machine. He's a fucking machine. I'm, I'm a right now, you ask me who I love to, to watch fight. That's my rap. I would pay take my money when he's fighting in the pay-per-view right now. At this point. I'm like, bro, take my money. I love Umar too. Umar, you know, that fight was incredible.


That was one of the best fights I've ever seen because they're so skillful, so high level And you know, to see him make Umar start to wilt to see Umar. Like you see the wobble when guys start getting fatigued. You see there's like a little bit of like loose movement in the way, you know, you see that Rab had none, zero just shooting like, like he was in the first round, in the fifth round. Because This is what I exactly think that happens to Omar because you see Rab from outside like you are sitting and you, you are seeing him training or fighting and you are like, he's not gonna be able to take me down. He's not gonna be able to do that to me. And then you get inside the doctor room with him and everything changes.


Yeah. It's like you have a, a machine in front of you who has like nonstop. Daniel Cormier went to visit him right after he won the title. Dan Daniel Cormier went to his house on Sunday. Yeah. Rab wasn't home. He was out running. Yeah, he won the title on Saturday. Daniel went to his house on Sunday. M Rob's out running. Wow. He's crazy. He, he came, he came to Spain also to help me once when, when I had the training come I was supposed to fight with Moosa. He came to to, to help me. Crazy. We the same. Exactly. Exactly. We, we were like finishing the training. He was going for a run. He was going like actually to, to his house running. Yeah. There's no shortcuts. No, there's no Shortcuts. No shortcuts.


No shortcuts. But you know, like, to answer your question, I'm, I, you know, I'm fascinated by all the different styles, you know, I, I like watching everybody fight, you know, I love Kosky, you know, I love watching him fight this past weekend. Wow. And He's so great. He, yes. I was so happy for him this, this Saturday because he really deserve, deserve to get the, that title back. Does it bother you to see someone win your title? No, not at all. You Good? I'm good. You're like I'm good. I'm, I'm good. Happy for him. You established, you won, you defended. I Won. I defended Right now I have completely different challenge in front of me. I wish him nothing but the best and to everyone. Like, I wish the best wins all the time.


That's great. Yeah. I that's Great. I don't care. What about Patty Pimble though? He, he did a great job. He did A great job. He did what he had to do. He did. But for me, it's like, I I'm, I I'm gonna be completely honest with you. For me, Chandler, he never was a extraordinary fighter. He was like average level of fighter. Like who did he beat? Like in the UFC Dan Hooker and Tony Ferguson. Oh, Dan Hooker. Hm. Yeah. Dan Hooker is a good fighter. He just, he caught, well, Dan Hooker had that war with Dustin Poer. That, and Dan Dustin Poer is a very good Fighter. How, how many loses he has, he's Got a few losses.


Yeah. He's a fighter. Very entertaining fighter. Yeah. Like for the fans. He's a wild Dog. Yeah, He's a dog. He, he goes inside that, that that octagon. And he fights. But yeah, I think he's on a resurgence. I think, you know, he had a skid for a while and now he's rebuilding himself and he's on a resurgence, smiling. Look at you motherfucker. So he be Dan Hooker and Tony Ferguson when he was like almost four years old. I think honestly we got Michael Chandler after his prime. If you go watch Michael Chandler fight Eddie Alvarez and Bellator, those were fucking crazy fights. Crazy Fights. Yeah. But at the end of the day, you see wars.


Yes. It's a very competitive fight. Yes. You see almost a bar fight. You see two guys in the middle of the octagon exchanging punches. But you don't see technique, you don't see skills. You see a great fight because as a fans it's a very entertaining to watch fights like that. But if you really think about it, it's like you don't see skills in that fight. You don't see someone trying to take you down. Control you some great submissions, great transitions. I don't know, striking you, you, you see a guy that he's like looking for a combination. He's looking for his moment. Creating a spaces you don't see. Like, I don't know. I See what you're saying.


This episode is brought to you by Better Help. It's the end of tax season. And I know by now you all are probably sick of numbers, but there's one more expense we need to talk about. And that's how much you're investing in your wellbeing. The cost of traditional therapy can be outrageous between 102 hundred $50 a month or even more. So how do you get the help you need without blowing your monthly budget? Use better help with Better help. You pay a flat fee for weekly sessions. Saving you money and time. It could even help you save up to 50% per session and you still get Quality Care Therapy is a good tool everyone can use. Whether you've experienced a major trauma or not, it can teach you valuable skills you can use in your everyday life. Like how to better manage all that stress tax season brings or how to communicate better with your partner. Or even how to be more mindful. Use better help to work towards your goals at a reasonable cost. It's also more convenient. Since everything is online. It's easier to work in a therapy session no matter how hectic your schedule gets. And as one of the largest online therapy platforms, better Help has access to thousands of therapists with all sorts of specialties so you can find the right fit for you. Your wellbeing is worth it. Visit better help.com/jre to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Help HE lp.com/jr.


So is not as tactical or technical. Exactly. It's just wild dogs. It's, it is just wild Dogs. I mean that's why Michael Chandler's so popular. 'cause he fights like a wild Dog. Exactly. Yeah. And that's cool. Yeah. That's cool. You need the guys also like, like him. But I would never recommend my friend to fight like that. Exactly. Yeah. I never would recommend to someone watch this guy and learn something. Right, Right, right. Learn. Yeah. It's like he's so entertaining. But sometimes it's best to not be as entertaining and just to be better. Exactly. Yeah. And shut people down At the same time. You don't have to be Bilal. Right. I see what you're saying.


But you, Bilal I think gets too much bad rap. Like Bilal, when he beat up Sean Brady, that was very entertaining. And Sean Brady's very good. You know, I think Bilal just does what it takes to win. And when you're in a divi and also, like, he didn't really have a background in wrestling at the level that a lot of these guys did. He had to develop that over time. Yeah. But you, there are two type of champions for me. Like, there are champions who prepare themselves to win and there are the other ones who prepare themselves to dominate. Mm. I prepare myself not to win because I know that I'm gonna win. I'm, I wanna win in fashion, I want dominate. I want more people.


I want people to be entertained. I want people to be like, while I'm happy that I spend the money this Saturday night going watch this guy. That's what I want. Yeah. Someone was talking about that recently on Instagram. I don't remember who the, the coach was, but he was talking about levels of athletes that there's, there's people that train to compete. There's people that train to win and then there's people that train to dominate Exactly. To be the greatest of all time. Exactly. And there's a, there's a different mindset. There's a never satisfied, always improving mindset that the great champions have All the time. Yeah. I want the people to be entertained all the time. Like when actually I was, I started with with, with the MMA, I was like recording myself all the sparrings.


And after that I was re-watching my, my my sparring. I was like, will I pay my money to watch this? What do I have to to to change in my game to be more entertained? And this is how I was like looking my myself all the time. I was very cri critical with, with myself. And this is how I develop and develop and develop. And all the time I go inside the octagon, I don't go there just to win. You know what I mean? I want everyone to be like, wow, what he just did. Mm. How he did it. He was the greatest of all time. And he made it, made him look easy. Yeah. Yeah.


This is what I want. I want to change the game. You know, the people to, to, I want you to say your friend. Watch this guy and learn something. Mm. Yeah. Well, mission accomplished so far, right? So far so good. And now a new journey into the lightweight division. You know, I don't understand why they won't just book you in Islam. There's many times that I wish I was running the UFC I would change so many different things. That would be one of the first things I would change. Like book that fight, book that fight right away. You Would do sound fights also in Mars. I I'm sure I would Probably, I have some ideas. We all go with the Starship ideas. I have, I got some whacky ideas. I don't even think they should fight in a cage.


Yeah. Yeah. I think the cage is an unnecessary, it's an wow. An I think it's an unnecessary element in fighting. Like to push someone against something or to be able to get up from something. Okay. I don't think it's necessary. And how would you I think they should be in like a basketball court. Like a basketball court that's matted up. Okay. Have a big space, have a warning track where you can't, if you go outside the warning track too many times you, you could lose points. Okay. And so when someone takes you down, you have to actually get up. I also think at the end of a round, like say if you've got a guy mounted at the end of the round, you start the next round mounted on him. Of course.


Yeah. I don't think, of course, because why would you give him the advantage of getting up when he never got up? Yeah, exactly. He never got up. Never get up. You Have to earn a get up. You have to stand up by yourself. I Love it. I I never thought about that. Yeah. Actually No, no standups ever, ever. No standups unless someone commits a foul. Like if someone commits a foul and you wanna stand them up and take a point away, that's fine. But if the guy's at the bottom and he commits a foul, like if a guy's in the bottom and he gouges someone's eyes on purpose. Wow. Take a point away. Put 'em right back in the same spot. Wow. Because otherwise, like say if you're fighting a guy like Alex Pereira who's never taking anybody down, he's just gonna strike with you. Right. Okay. Why would you let him back up again and have the advantage of him standing up again?


Yeah. The beginning of the round. He starts standing up again. Now you gotta take him down again. But Also you don't think that it's it's part of the show. It is a part of the show, but I don't give a fuck about that. Yeah. I'm a fan. I mean, I'm a hardcore fan. I'm a purist. I think it should be about fighting about elite fighting and elite fighting is you gotta get up. Like if a wrestler takes you down and he just does this to you and it's not entertaining. But if he can do that to you, that's tough. Shit. That's what he Did. You would change also the time range. Like, oh, you would leave a three round of five minutes with one minute rest. The good thing about five minute rounds, the good thing about five minute rounds is it's sustainable and guys can fight at a high pace.


If you had like just 15 minutes, 15 minute round guys would be exhausted and the end of it would be sloppy. It wouldn't be the same. The pace would be much slower. It wouldn't be as good. So I think there's nothing wrong with rounds, but I think it's one fight. It's not five fights. So why does he stand up at the end of every round? I think if a guy takes you down and he's got you mounted with like trapped an arm and he's punching your ribs trying to secure an arm triangle, why would you, why does he get to stand up again? Yeah. It doesn't make any sense. That's true. Especially if he's a striker and you wasted exactly all that energy. Get him to the ground and you got so close to cinching up a submission and then all of a sudden he's back on his feet again Dangling.


You have to stand up and he Didn't even earn it. Start again. Yeah. Start him right back down there. Yeah. True. No cage, no standups, no standups ever. If everybody booze tough shit. Go watch baseball's. Go watch. That's true. Go watch something else. We, we you, you wouldn't like to see at some point the world championships and mix and martial arts. Like for example, let's say the seven best fighters from the United States in every weight class against seven BA best fighters from, I don't know, from China or from Russia. Russia. Russia. Yeah. I would love that. The best flyweights against the best flyweight from the United States. Sure. And you do that and you have seven fights because you have seven weight divisions.


And if you win four weight divisions, that country won. Mm. Yeah. That will be fun also. That would be great. That's a great idea. I love that idea. Yeah, I think that that idea sounds really good. And also there is a bit of an issue, right? With the UFC being the premier organization for martial arts. The UFC is like, if you're not a champion in the UFC, no one thinks of you as a world champion. Yeah. Like you are a world champion. Yeah. World champion. Someone can fight in the PFL and they can say, oh it's the PFL world champion. And everybody's like, right. Yeah. Come on, come on fighter. Because at End Of the day, but at the end of the day, You know that you have all the best fighters. Right? The best collection of fighters in the UFC. Yes.


But I watch one FC and I watch some of those fucking animals that they have over there and I'm like, Jesus Christ, these, these guys are good man. Yeah. Some of these guys are good And you know, they're calling them one, one FC world champions. I'm like, hmm, I'd like to see 'em. I'd like to see 'em. 'cause some guys look real good until they fight elite talent. And we've seen that before. Like some guys look like destroyers and then they get in the UFC against guys who are just a little bit more technical, a little smarter, and they get pieced up. What happens is that I think that in one championship, you, most of the time you used to fight with strikers in the UFC, you don't know who, who, who you're gonna face next.


Maybe he's a wrestler, right? Maybe you're gonna fight Damian Maya. Right. Who wants to fight you on the ground? Maybe you fight Alex Beredo, you don't fucking know. Right. So you have to be good everywhere and you have to be prepared for everything. Yeah. And one championship, maybe you are good at striking and you can be a world champion. Yeah. Maybe. I mean there are some good grapplers over there, but my point is I really wish there was no organizations. Yeah. I really do. I really wish it was just all the best fighters competing. I don't look, I love the UFC, I've been working for the UFC forever and my loyalty is to the UFC, but I wish there was just only fighting. Yeah. You know, no organizations just like boxing is and boxing.


But the problem with boxing is it's very difficult to get these guys 'cause they all have different promoters. Exactly. And if they all the same promoter, they all get fucked when it comes to negotiation. Right. If they all the same promoter and the same managers. You, you know something about soccer. No. Yeah, I know a little bit about It. Like how they do like the Champions league, they have like for example, let's say the Real Madrid, they have a team. That's why I would, what I would do is like, I would create a team against another team. For example, I have real Madrid. I've, I, I signed like the best seven fighters in the world. Whoever I won in, in different weight classes. And you have, for example, Barcelona, you, you sign the seven best fighters in the world around the world.


You train them in one place. You do like all the strategy. Strategy and we meet each other. We, we do a competition like a champions league. And we do like the whole year calendar and the best wins at the end of, we do like the finals and we give them the space to recover. We, we create like a competition between teams, not that individual people. You know what I mean? Yes. So I would do something like that. Maybe That's a great idea. But the problem is, I think guys, guys get injured, guys fall out, guys get sick. So that's why. And and soccer, you have guys that in your position, you always have two or three guys that if you are injured, you have another guy that can, can, can change you or switch you, you know, between the rounds.


Even you are in soccer, sometimes it happens. Some someone gets injured in in a stadium. Stadium and they can switch them. Yeah, that makes sense. But I mean, at the end of the day, like imagine, say if you get scheduled to fight Islam and Islam gets injured and Armand souki and takes his place Or something like that. But you are


The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and it's time for all the high stakes drama, clutch moments and jaw dropping plays. I can't wait. If you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting, Draftking Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin games all the way through to the finals, now's your time to back your favorite players and teams as they chase glory. All season long DraftKings has been the go-to spot for NBA player props. And that doesn't stop. Now wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Ready to place your first bet. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app now lock in your bets and let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's something special for first timers, new DraftKings customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the draftking sportsbook app and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus that expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


Again, you are like focused on individ individuals. You are not focused on teams because no one's gonna care who is gonna fight in from the Flyway division. Who is gonna be your representative from the flyaway division or from the lightweight division. I'm like, maybe I bring you Islam that I have it in. I have him in in in my team. Or also I could have Charles Oela in the same team. Or maybe I bring Charles o because I think that against your team, the guy you have in the lightweight division, Charles does it better. Right, right, right. They do that with grappling like quintet. They do that. They have like grappling teams. Yeah. I mean that would be interesting. I just, there's there's certain fighters.


Like I was my main regret in MMA that we never got to see Fedor fight in the UFC when he was in his prime. Oh, That's True. If, if I could have one thing, one fight in their prime, Fedor Cain Velazquez. Oh, that would Be in their prime. Great fight. Oh my god. Great fight in their prime. That would've been incredible. Right? Incredible. Actually, Kane was an amazing fighter, Bro. That guy had a gas tank that was super human. Yeah. So for a heavyweight it didn't even make any sense. You would see guys just fall apart. They would just wilt Pure boxing style. Pure Boxing style, great wrestling and incredible chin and just indomitable will too tough for his own good.


Which is why he wound up like towards the end of his career. He was just, his body had deteriorated so much. Yeah. He had so many back injuries. Neck injury, shoulder injury, knee injury. There was just Actually what's going on with him? He's, he's in jail right now. He's not Yeah. He got sentenced. He got sentenced to five years and the the judge said this was the least amount he could sentence him. He didn't wanna sentence him. Well What happened to him? Do you know that? No. Yes. So Kane's son was going to daycare and there was a man who molested him at daycare. Kane found out about it, chased the man in his car and shot at him. He tried to catch him in his car and shot at him. Kane gets arrested, Kane stayed in jail.


The guy gets arrested and he got out on bail. I don't know what's happening with the guy. I don't know if he's been sentenced yet or what, but this guy molested his son multiple times. I don't know how many times. But he did what every father would've done. You. The the, if you are not a father, you do not understand the murderous rage you would have if some man molested your baby. You don't understand. It's, it's, you would see red in a way that no one can describe to you unless you're a parent. That fucking anger is, I mean, if there's ever a plea for temporary insanity, that's, that's the plea.


If there's ever a person who could justifiably say I was temporarily insane, it's a father that's chasing after someone. Especially a man who molests your boy. Wow. Yeah. Everybody understands it. Everybody understands it. He should have never gone to jail. He's not a threat to society. He's not a danger. He shouldn't be in prison. No. And he already did three years. He was already in jail for three years. And he has been a great example for so many upcoming guys. Like for the new generation. Yes. I don't know why guys like him. Ha ha ha have to end up in the jail for something like that. Exactly. He didn't rob anyone. He didn't. Exactly. I know.


Exactly. It's, it's horrific. It's horrific. You know, I mean, I just don't understand it. It's, I mean, the judge's hands were tied. He had to make a sentence and this is the, I think the minimum amount they were trying to give him 30 years. Yeah. For attempted murder. 'cause he was just shooting at this guy. And obviously when you're driving and shooting, you could miss him and and kill a bystander. Of course. Well, it's very dangerous. But also the guy was in a murderous rage for a good reason. For a good reason. Of course. And if he killed that guy, the world would be better off. That's my feeling. That's my feeling. That's true. That's also True. Yeah. A guy like that walking around and molest children should be dead.


That I, that's just my feeling. All this thought of, I mean, there's a bunch of people on the left here in the United States that they have this crazy way of looking at pedophiles. They, they, they call them minor attracted persons. They want to make it a protected class and say it's, you know, it's like someone being attracted to someone of the opposite sex or someone being attracted to someone of the same sex. Like no, it's not. No, it's not. You're victimizing children. Yeah. The most vulnerable and protected people that we have. Of Course you can. You can't even talk to the kids about something like that. You know what I mean? Yeah. About like, I I heard so many crazy things about that topic that Let's I know let's, let's, I know.


Let's, let's leave it right there. We'll just get in trouble. Yeah. I mean, kill them all. That's how I feel. Kill 'em all. Anybody who wants to do that to children, there's no reason for them to exist. They this decide, I mean, for Yeah. You're just gonna ruin lives and not just their lives, but you are gonna ruin all the people whose lives they ruin. 'cause they're all fucked up Now, you know, you, you, you, you, you kill so much potential from a human being to do that to a baby. It's just insane. Wow. It's just fucking insane. So that's unfortunately the story with Kane right now. And you know, he was out for a while and once they let him out, he was coaching at AKA And you know, he's a amazing coach and We hope that they gonna, they gonna think it again and they gonna give him the freedom he deserves.


Yeah. I mean, I hope Trump pardons him. I mean that's what I really hope. I hope so. Dana makes something happen with that. Maybe that's possible. I mean, that might be the best, best option. But anyway, in his prime, Cain Velazquez versus Fedor. That's my, my biggest regret. A fight that we never got to see. 'cause when ca when, when Fedor was fighting in pride, you know, and this is before the UFC was really huge, right? 'cause they were huge in Japan in like 2001. 2002. They were filling stadiums in Japan when the UFC was just sort of emerging in the United States. It really hadn't hit its peak until 2005. And why do you think that they never bring him to, to the UE ffc?


Well they tried, yeah, but I gotta be careful how I say this. So Fedor was controlled by some Russian people that were very rough men. Okay. As it were, you know, gangster type characters. And they had a bunch of negotiations with the UFC, but they were very unreasonable demands. Like they wanted part of the promotion. They wanted to own a piece of everything. They wanted a lot. 'cause they knew that with Fedor they had their golden ticket and they wanted to play it out as much as possible. Okay. And negotiations were very intense and very, very confrontational.


They got bad where Dana had to up his security. It got, it got pretty, yeah. Yeah. It got heavy. Yeah. It was dangerous people. These were dangerous people. It got, yeah, I can tell you more off air. Yeah. Wow. I didn't know that story. Yeah, I'll tell you more off air. It got, you should talk to Dana about it. It got crazy. Wow. There were rough dudes. That's why. Yeah. Because I always thought like, w why they don't bring that guy to the UFC because it's gonna be so fun for the, for the fans. They Wanted to co-promote. They wanted to be a part of the promotion. They wanted more than they deserved. They didn't just want Fedor to get paid. They wanted to get paid. They wanted to, they wanted to make a lot of money and they wanted to get their hooks into the UFC.


Gotcha, gotcha. Yeah. Russian gangsters. Yeah. Yeah. I get It from their perspective too. How, how they rule like everything, Well pride was run by the Yakuza, you know, so it was Japanese gangsters and Russian gangsters. I speak the same language, you know, it was, they got along fine. But then when they came over to the UFC, the UFC was like, that's done. This Is not the place we do it over Here. No. We'll give them a lot of money. We want him to fight in the UFC. And it never took place, unfortunately. Wow. Yeah. So crazy. Yeah. So he's about to fight again. Theo's gonna fight bare knuckle. Yeah, I, I heard something about that. Yeah.


I think Connor's promotion, I think it's Connor's promotion that BKFD Actually. Do you think he's gonna come back corner? If I had a bet? No. Yeah. No, no. I don't think he comes Back because he hasn't come back yet. And he could have, you know, if he really wanted to, he would've been back in the gym, had a fight scheduled, drug tested, clean training, gone through a camp, had a fight. Like he had a broken toe before the first fight with Tran Chandler. I understand that. Okay. Why should you fight on a broken toe? Especially a guy who moves a lot like Connor, he relies on movement so much. Yeah, I get it. So heal that toe up. What's that? That's two months broken toe's. Two months. Yeah. And so then you're back in camp and then you, you reschedule a fight and then you fight again.


Of course. But he didn't. And also partying, constant partying, all these law legal problems that he has, you know, scooting around on yachts And you know, driving around in a Lamborghini. He's, he's wealthy, He's done Maybe, I mean, what's really sad is if he comes back when he is like 39 or 40 and his body just doesn't have it anymore. Yeah. You know, So right now he actually has a great opponent. Mike Chandler. He could fight now. Right? Right. They could fight right now. Yeah, They could fight because if they put him against potty, I think potty beats him easy now.


Well you don't think sos of years off. Right. A lot of years off, you know, on the feet. Connor's a motherfucker. No. At The, in the feet. He's a motherfucker. I I know that. Yeah. He can knock out like everyone If he's still the same guy. Yeah. But the thing is he's 36 now, you know, and if he's natural also reality, okay. When he breaks his leg, he gets off the drug testing. Right. Because he's gotta do something to heal his leg quicker. So what is he gonna do? Well, you gonna take steroids. So if you're gonna take steroids and you're already 34 ish, your endocrine system gets fucked up by taking steroids where your body stops producing testosterone. Okay. So I've had explaining to me by scientists before and essentially say if you take steroids for six months, you need at least six months before your body starts producing testosterone at a normal level again.


Okay. Some people think it's twice as long. So that would be a year, a year of no steroids before your body regains Its natural testosterone levels. If it does, depending if it does, if it Does, you think that if someone puts steroids in his body, he, he never come, comes back as a, as his at his normal body. Vitor Belfort is the best example of this. Right. He's the best guy that we could use as an example. But he took bunch of steroids. He took all the steroids. He, like Luke Rockhold said when he, when he was weighing in, when he fought him, he said, this guy's got muscles on his fucking teeth.


Yeah. On his market teeth. Exactly bro. That he was shred. But if you go back to Vitor, when he fought Anderson Silva before they had testosterone use exemptions, he didn't look like that at all. No, he looked old actually. Yeah. He looked like his body was was relaxed soft. Yeah. Like because Vitor Yeah. So this is, look at the difference. Yeah. Wow. Before you saw it, after you saw him. That is a crazy example. So when he fought Chris Weidman, his body looked soft and like his muscles look empty, they just didn't look the same. And that was just a couple years after test, they fucked up with the testosterone use exemption. 'cause what they did was they would test guys and if you're low on testosterone, oh you can have a testosterone use exemption, but you could get low on testosterone in a night if you wanted to.


All you'd have to do is eat a bunch of shitty food and drink and stay up all night and your body's natural levels of testosterone would be low. So you could go get drug, you who has normal healthy levels of testosterone, you could wreck your body on purpose, then go get drug tested. And they say, oh ia, you have low testosterone. I'm gonna prescribe to you testosterone exemption. And so then you go and take testosterone, you become a Fucking animal and, And you are healthy. You don't need it. So there was a lot of guys that were taking it that didn't Need it. So you, you think that at this point there are guys in the UFC that are take taking like Testo steroids let's say. I would imagine there's for sure someone doing something they're not supposed to do.


Yeah. Wow. I don't know because at this point I feel that they are so strict with The Detroit. They are, They are so strict. But there's a lot of guys that do their camps in faraway lands. Yeah. And I think that like, people always used to joke around about Dastan, you know, like try try getting a USADA guy into Dastan. You know, The moment he lands, They they did, they did some Everybody's gonna call everybody some drug test in in, in Dastan. They they test the Kabib for example, in Dastan. No, I'm sure. Yeah. I'm sure they must have. And what if someone lands from there from Ada issue where some guys from USADA and Khabib's camp, they, they had like, They had some issue.


Some Issue. Yeah. Yeah, they had some, I remember like something like that. But You go over there like, And you know you want to get out, you gotta be careful. Nah, you get out. Yeah. But I would imagine that if you want to avoid being tested all the time, like say like if you are in America And you know, you live in Arizona, whatever, they'll visit you all the time. They'll test you a bunch, you know? Yeah. And there's some people that have been tested a bunch. They get tested a lot and then some people that don't get tested as much. And if you're gonna go and do your camp in Thailand or you're gonna go do your, your camp in Dagestan or it's a lot more difficult to get to you to test you randomly. Yeah. But they can anyway.


They can't. So you can trust on on if they come or not. But there's short acting stuff. There's like when Alex Rodriguez, is that his arod, right? Yeah. When he was fighting, or excuse me, when he was playing baseball, rather they were taking gummies, testosterone, gummies. Okay. And the testosterone literally only lasts for a few hours and it's outta your system. Wow. Yeah. I never heard that. Yeah. There's certain stuff that you can take like EPO that's very short lasting, very difficult to test, very short lasting. And there's, In my case, I don't like that because I wouldn't feel good with myself. Right.


I'm, I'm gonna feel like I'm cheating. Right. I don't deserve the, the win because I'm cheating. I'm a cheater. Right. I can have that thought, that thought about myself all the time. I, when I walk inside the octagon, I feel that I didn't cheat and I deserve to win and that that's why I'm gonna win. Well that's why guys like BJ Penn are so impressive. 'cause BJ Penn was clean when everybody was cheating. Yeah. Because back then it was really difficult to test. All they tested was at the weigh-ins. So at the weigh-ins, that's like an intelligence test. Hmm. Like if you cheat and take steroids intelligently, by the time you get to the weigh-ins, you're gonna be clean If you do it with a doctor.


Okay. I know camps and I don't wanna say the names. No, no, don't say that. But they had scientists working for the camps and the scientists, these doctors would study guys' blood work and make sure that they were clean by the time they got into camp or by the time they got into weigh-ins. So when they're on the scale, they still had all the benefits of steroids, but they had no steroids in their system. Yeah. And their body hadn't started to deteriorate yet from the lack of steroids. I know some camp camps also that they use steroids. Yeah, for sure. But yeah, for me, you can have all the muscles in the world, but if you are not mentally strong, because that's a so specific moment when you are in the backstage, you need your mind so badly.


You need it more than your body sometimes. Hmm. Because as I told you, you can have all the muscles in the world, but you


need, This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. Sometimes speed is a huge asset, like in the ring or on the field, being quicker than your opponent could be the difference between winning and losing in the world of business. It could be the difference between finding or missing out on your next great hire. Luckily, you can speed up the hiring process with ZipRecruiter. Their new zip intro feature can help you meet several interested qualified candidates at once, kind of like speed dating. And right now you can try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro works fast to find the people you need. You can literally post your job today and start talking to candidates in back to back calls tomorrow. It's that fast. And best of all, this feature does a lot of the legwork for you. It finds you top talent for your role and schedules those calls. All you need to do is pick a time. Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with zip intro only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro. Post jobs today, talk to qualified candidates. Tomorrow,


the NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here, And it's time for all the high stakes drama, clutch moments, and jaw dropping plays. I can't wait. If you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting. Draftking Sports book has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the play-in games all the way through to the finals, now's your time to back your favorite players and teams as they chase glory. All season long DraftKings has been the go-to spot for NBA player props. And that doesn't stop. Now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Ready to place your first bet. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app now. Lock in your bets and let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's something special for first timers. New DraftKings customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. If you or someone you know has a GAMBLING PROBLEM, call the Virginia problem gambling helpline at 8 8 8 5 3 2 3521 and over Virginia only Eligibility restrictions apply. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


This muscle as strong as possible. You know, and If you know you cheated, That muscle is gonna cheating. And if you know, feel bad Yeah. That you are not in what you, in reality are saying that you are. Right. Right, right. That's a tough one. Yeah. I don't wanna, I don't wanna see myself in that situation. Never. That's a Champion's mindset. Yeah. Yeah. That's a real champion's mindset. Some guys, they just wanna do anything to win. They wanna do anything to win. And if they have to cheat to win, they'll cheat. They, and they, they'll justify it by saying everybody cheats. Yeah. I'm a God believer and, and my mindset is like, of course I wanna win.


I prepare myself to win. But if he destroys my plans, it's because maybe my plans could destroy me. So I don't wanna have anything because I want to have it. If he decides it, if God decides to, to give it to me, I accept it. I will do everything to get it, because I desire it from all my heart. And if he says that, if I desire it, I have the fate, I will get it. Mm. So this, and The reality is, if you give everything you have and you lose, you win a lesson. Exactly. And you realize you're not at the level that you need To be. There's never a lose, or you win or you learn. Right.


And learn learning is also a winning. Right. Where did you develop your mindset? Do have you got any mental coaching? Did you read books on psychology? I, I read a lot of books. I try to read at least 30 minutes a day. But it's every day. Every day. What you do in, in, in your daily habits. It, it, what's what makes the difference? Right? Because we can decide our future, but we can decide or habits and or habits decide our future. Mm, Yes. Yeah. So like what kind of stuff do you read? I read more like I, I read a lot of books.


I love reading books of self, self-development books. Also, how can I tell you in, in, yeah. This is the most of the books I, I, I read self-development books. I, I read bi biographies of, of the people that I like, for example, Donald Trump, Warren Buffet. I read that kind of people Businessman. Yeah. I try to, yeah. Yeah. Why do you read businessman's biographies? Because at the end of the day, right now I'm in sports, but at some point I'm gonna retire. I'm gonna make a, I have to make a living from, from something, right.


Because I'm, I'm not gonna be fighting my whole life and I don't want it even, so yeah. I want to, I want to prepare myself. So if you wanna have an extraordinary life, you have to be an extra extraordinary person, right? Yes. Yeah. Absolutely. And I'm trying to, to become an extraordinary person In all walks of life. In all walks of life. Yeah. So do you have an idea of when you wanna retire? How old do you know? Till I enjoy 28. 28. 28 till I enjoy, I don't know how many fights. Maybe till 32, 34. Really? Yeah. I don't know till I enjoy right now I'm enjoying, I don't know what's gonna happen tomorrow.


So you'll take that road when it comes. What do you mean? You'll find when it, when that happens, when you no longer enjoy, then you'll go on a different path. So then you'll retire. I don't know. Right now, I I I want to become a lightweight world champion. I wanna hold that bell too. So I don't know what's, what's gonna happen then if I'm gonna keep motivated? It's kind of difficult. This is a fight game. Fight game is so hard, so hard because you have to go in and shake someone's head off. And you can't, you can't be that soft guy. You know what I mean? Like that kind guy.


You have to be, you, you gotta have that testosterone app. You gotta be vicious. Exactly. Yeah. You gotta be technical, you gotta be smart, but you also have to be vicious. And at the same time, everyone from my family is involved in, in, in my career. You know, at some point, maybe I will end up doing different things, maybe some businesses. Hmm. I know I'm, I'm, I'm doing different things and I'm enjoying also. So you're doing different things outside of fighting as Well? Yeah. I have a promotion in Spain right now. Oh, MMA Promotion? Yeah. I'm MMA promotion. What's it called? Whoa. Whoa. And the goal with war is to, to, because as you mentioned mentioned, when You say wo, how you, how you spelling that Way of the warrior.


Oh Wow. Okay. So from Spain to get to the UFC before it was so difficult, I had to do so many crazy things to, to get to the UFC. But right now we create whoa. And actually we are in the UFC fight pass. Everyone can get in, in, in that promotion fight. If you have the, the skills, if you're ready, someone's gonna see you and they're gonna sign you in the u ffc. The Promoter's life is a hard life. That's a hard job. Yeah. You think so? Yeah. It's very entertaining. To be honest, When I talked to Dana at least promoting for the UFC, like I was talking to him this weekend and he was telling me all the issues that they're having and with different fights that I was ask, I was asking him some questions like, what are you doing with this?


Whatcha you doing with that? And he starts telling me, oh, this guy wants that. This is what I won. Fight this Guy. He told you something about me. Maybe, maybe a little bit if he did, I can't tell you. I did ask who you're gonna fight. And they said we're working on things, but he was actually specifically talking about what happens if Bilal wins, you know, because Islam and Bilal had been, they've been talking about Islam fighting Bilal. That's gonna happen. I would like that to happen if Bilal wins. But that's an, if Jack Dilla Madena is a bad motherfucker, he's good, man. Yeah. That guy's good. Even if he wins, they're gonna make that fight happen against Islam. You Think so?


Yeah. Well, if Jack Dilla Madelena wins, then Jack is the new wel Wade champion. And you know, maybe he fights Islam. That makes a lot of sense. The problem with Islam fighting Bilal is that they train together. And I think, you know, they had kind of Said how many guys we, we, we see fight, fight fighting between each other that they used to train before. Oh, I agree. I mean, I think they should fight. They should fight. I definitely think they should fight. Of course. I think Khabib doesn't like that idea. Yeah. Yeah. That's how I feel. But it's not just that, I mean, Jay's always putting out a million fires. I mean, you think about it, they have 500 fighters on the way on in the roster at least.


And you know, there's all these things that are happening and like, like the Armand sirian thing, like his back hurts the day of the fight. Wow. And he's gotta pull out like, this is fucking crazy. This is, You know what I mean? Like, imagine that you have this whole promotion based around this elite fighter who's who fought Islam in his first fight. Short notice. They, they go to a very close decision. Very close fight. Armand's gotten a lot better. Islam's gotten a lot better, then they're gonna fight again. And then the day of he hurts his back. Crazy happens. Yeah. Very crazy. Yeah. But if you will be in the Danish place, who would be my next opponent? Islam. A hundred percent. A hundred percent.


I Wish they, I tried to tell 'em that this weekend, That would be a great Fight. Yeah. That's the, that's the fight to make because you have a world champion versus a world champion. Like, if anybody deserves a fight for the world title in the next weight class, it's you. It's, it's simple. It's simple. You knocked out Max Holloway. I mean, it's simple. You knocked out Alexander Koski one of the greatest of all time. It's simple. That's a no brainer. That's the fight. You know, he doesn't wanna fight 45 anymore. He wants to fight 55 world tighter swap. And nobody would argue with that. That would be a huge fight. Everybody would get excited about it. Yeah. Yeah. Hopefully they, they make those fights happen. Yeah. Hopefully. I don't have any say.


Like I said, I'd get rid of the cage I'd, I'd get rid of standups. I'd get rid, I'd fuck everything up for them. I would make it less marketable probably. I would Anyways. If they gimme the fight with Charles, it's gonna be a one. That's a good Fight too. Also. That's a great fight too. That's a great fight. Fight too. A good fight. There's a lot of guys in that division. Yeah. You know, there's, there's a lot of good fights for you at 155 pounds. Do you have a timeline of when you would like to fight at 1 55? I would like to fight with, with Islam. That's for sure. I would, I would like to fight him. But if they don't give you that fight, if they give you like a number one contender fight, when would you like to fight next? I I, I wouldn't fight for a number one contender fight.


Really? No. You only wanna fight for the title. Yeah, of Course. Really? Okay. Of course. No, I understand. That makes sense to me. Look, also, it's the most marketable fight. Everybody else is lost to him. Right. I don't care if Islam decides that he doesn't wanna fight me. I don't care. I sit tell you're gonna have to fight me. Okay. You say that you are the world champion. You're gonna keep dominating the, the division, all that. I'm here. You can, you, you can't keep avoiding me all the time. So you would just sit on the sidelines rather than fight someone Else? I don't think that they're gonna do that. I don't think they, they would put me on a sideline because they asked me to. I, I would carry the belt because I told them that I wouldn't fight in 1 45 again.


But I get the promise that I would fight for the Tyler in my next fight. So how much time you will stop me And from the fighting. So they did give you a promise that your next, when you vacated the belt, that your next fight was Title. Of course they give that that chance to everyone. Why, why not to me? Yes. They gave it to Henry, they gave it to Colonel McGregor. They gave it to George a p they gave it to, to John. They gave it to everyone. Right. Yep. And I proved that I deserve that shot. As you said, I, I knock out Two of the all time grades Two, two of the all time grades to the greats walk.


Who wa who was like dominating everyone in 1 45 division and Max Holloway. Great fighters, both of them. Especially after Max Holloway's victory over Justin Gaethje, which is like the greatest victory of his career. Yeah. To knock him out after that and No one did it. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. I mean, I'd say world title fight, but I don't get to make the Rules. And the last fight he had was in 1 55 right. Against Ja gci who also fought, fought for the title. Yep. So, yeah. And then the other thing is there's not really a compelling challenger at 1 55 other than you. If you look at it like he's kind of cleaned out the division. There's no who else? No one else.


I mean, Armand's gotta build himself back up. Yeah. He's not gonna get a, a title shot. I would put Justin Gaethje against Pat Pimble me against Islam. Once I pass him, I get the title. And you, you, you pulled me against Patti because I think that he, he's gonna, he's, you Think Patti's gonna beat Justin Gaje easy. Wow. Really Easy. Yeah. Easy. Really easy. Yeah. Wow. That's a crazy thing to say because Justin gage's a fucking animal. Yeah. But he doesn't know how to grapple and Pat knows that. But He's a division one wrestler. He knows how to grapple. You don't think he knows how to grapple. He just chooses not to think.


He chooses to stand. Don't think so. And fight. I don't think so. Did you ever saw him submitting someone? I don't believe he's ever submitted someone, but I think that's because he likes to just crush people. He likes to bang it out and fight. He used to fight every very, what Everyone likes is to dominate people and, and to win as soon as possible. If you have the ability to submit someone as soon as You can, you would do it. Mm. I think that's your mindset. I think Justin GA's mindset is to be the most violent person alive. Yeah. Yeah. And I think that's one of the reasons why he lost some fights early in his career. Because he took unnecessary chances and he fought recklessly. Then as he adjusted l later in his career, he fought more intelligently.


He took a lot of risks still, but he was more intelligent about it. He was more intelligent about the way he approached fights. And then he started winning and beating guys and that, you know, like where he might have like thrown himself into wars before, like the Michael Johnson fight was just chaos. Just a war. Just the first fight in the UFC just throws himself into chaos. I remember that fight. Yeah. Chaos. Yeah. He would just throw, he would just try to see, he was like Michael Chandler, but a better fighter, you know, just more successful at it at a high level. So you picked Justin Gates, you over Pat Patty? I don't say that. I do think that Michael Chandler was 38 years old with a lot of miles on him, although he's a fucking animal.


And the Guy and how old? How old is Justin Gaje? Justin's probably 35, 30 old is Justin. Three six turns 37 In November. Yeah. That's when it starts to slip away. If you're natural. Everything after 35, like this is one of the most extraordinary things about Alexander V. And I don't think that he's the type of guy that takes care of his body all the time. And he's like very strict with his health. I think he slept more at a day than at night. Oh, you think so? Did he? Parties? I think so. I don't know. They put the camera on him on the last pay-per-view. And he looked like he was so high.


Like, I'm not worried about, what I'm Worried about is drunk. 'cause high doesn't give you the hangover. High doesn't kill your body. Drunk, kills your body. If guys are in between camps getting fat and drinking, that's never a good sign. That's a bad sign. That that's because you're not just not training. You are deteriorating your body. You know, if just in case he's just smoking a little weed, I'm not worried about that. It's not the best for focus. Yeah. He doesn't seems to be that guy that drinks a lot. No, I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think so. Cocaine is the worst. Yeah. But when you hear guys doing coke, that's the worst. That's the one that deteriorates you more than Anything. I never ever saw a cocaine in my life. Me neither. I never done, never done cocaine either.


I, when I was a kid, I had a, a friend whose cousin was hooked on cocaine. I got to see it up close. Yeah. I was like, fuck that stuff. That's a scary one for fighters too, because the thrill of cocaine, for some reason is exciting to people who love like, exciting things. Like there's something about fighters or adrenaline junkies that like to be pumped up and Yeah, Conor, that's crazy. Seems to enjoy it. Which is one of the things that makes me think he probably won't come back. Mm. But if he does come back, it's gotta be now, you know, again, at 36 years old now, pat Ble, that's the fight. That'll Be a big, that's gonna be a, a big fight. Big fight. Yeah. But I don't even think Connor's in the drug testing pool anymore.


No, I don't think so. Don't Think so. I don't believe so. I don't believe so. If you can Google that, find out if he's in the drug. I think he pulled out The drug testing. I think he's gonna come back. You Think so? Yeah. If they give the, the opportunities to, to, I don't know. To, to guys like, I don't know what four years old like Aki at. You can have so many names that they fought at four years, four years age. Why not Conner? I know that at some point you won a world title fight at 1 55, but would you make an exception for a Conor McGregor fight in 1 55? But right now? Right now, No. No, No. Good for you. Do you think it's gonna be excited if I beat Islam and then I give the, the, the chance to corner?


No, I mean, like right now before Islam, like if the, the UFC calls you up and says, I know you want a world title fight, we guarantee you a world tighter fight after this. Actually, we had that talks a little bit. Really? Yeah. But yeah, I don't know. What was that talk? What was that talk? Tell me what that talk was like. No, no, no, no, no. Come on, come on, come on. After this one, and I'm gonna get some calls that, you know how the UFC is, they're like very specific. Yeah. Don't say anything right to no one. Well, no one's listening. You can tell everybody. Yeah. Only couple of million of people is listening. Yeah, I heard. No one's gonna know It. It'll slip right by See? Yeah. If they offer me a fight against Connor right now, we'll see.


Why not? Why not? Why not? Why? I wouldn't say no numbers. I wouldn't say no Just for the numbers. Yeah. You cut of that pay-per-view And it hits 2 million buys. Yeah. Whoa. Why not? That's the thing about Connor is like still, yeah. Even though he might not be the best fighter in the world right now, he's still the, he's the golden goose. Of course he is yeah's something, he's crazy that you can't take Away from you. Kind of amazing. You know, that still, he still guarantees that many eyeballs will go to see him. You know, it just, that Would be a, a great one. But what excites me more is the fight with Patty. Really? Yeah. That fight excites me even more. And if they could put that fight in Spain, in the Beville stadium.


Ooh, I, I know that Dana doesn't like to, to, to put the events in the stadium, but that's the only stadium in the world that they can close the roof. Oh, okay. Yeah. And this prepare for that kind of How many, how Many people? 80,000. Yeah. You get 80,000 in Spain. Easy too. Yeah. You're Fighting, fighting in Spain. No problem. Oh my God. That would be insane. Insane. I might have to go in Spain For that. Insane. And, and a lot of people could travel from England to Spain. Oh yeah. Yeah. And that happens very often. But if they do it in Spain, it's gotta be on Spain time. They can't do that shit that they did when Leon Edwards fought.


It has to be in Spain time. But I think that the, with the n like the negotiations they, they are having with ES, espn and I don't know in which platform they are gonna put the UFC events. They're gonna ask for space for four or five events in Europe, in the primetime for Europe. Europe. Prime time for Europe Is, listen, Europe time Prime, prime time is fine because it's in the afternoon in America. That's fine. So the fight's at one o'clock in the afternoon. You people watch football games. A hundred million people watch a football game. It still to be Virgin Market. You know what I mean? Yes.


You got 500 million people in Europe. It's more than the United States even. Right, right. And if they did it on Netflix, everybody has Netflix. Everybody has Netflix. That might happen. That's why They're in negotiation right now. That will Be a massive one. In Spain. In Spain. Oh my God. Against that, that pimple. What happened with you two? Because I saw the video where you guys were yelling at each other. Was it in a hotel or something? Yeah, he said something about Georgia. Oh, he said something about your country. Yeah, he, what'd he Say? He said like, now I understand what, why the, why the Russians are are bombing Georgia or something, like putting bombs in Georgia.


Whoa. And I'm like, bro, whoa. Don't joke with that. Yeah, you can, you can about me say whatever you want to say about me. Whatever. He's a mushroom. He is this, he is that. Da da da. Don't talk about war because you don't know. How is it Right? That's a crazy thing to say. Yeah, Don't say that. Yeah. So that was the beginning of it. It just outta nowhere. He said that. He said that on Twitter. Oh wow.


Hello friends. I want to tell you about my favorite sunglasses. They're called Rocha. They're made right here in Austin, Texas. And they're the best sunglasses I've ever found for outdoor activities. I can run around in them, I can do shit. They never fall off your head. They fit tight but comfortable. Roca is a super innovative, independent eyewear company based right here in Austin, Texas. They work with top scientists and Navy Seals and Olympic gold medalists and Ironman champions and some other incredible people to make the best, most comfortable and capable eyewear out there for people like you and me. And I'm telling you, RO as shit just works different. They feel great. And you'll notice it from the first time you put it on your face. They don't fall off seriously. If you're sweaty, they stay in place. Even better. They don't slip gym stuff, kettlebells yoga sprints, chasing the dog. Whatever you're into, it could just be leaning over to pick up your kids. Everything stays on your face and feels great with crystal clear optics. It's great. If you need prescription glasses or you're looking for sunglasses for summer, now's your chance. Tap the banner to find a pair of kick ass glasses now. Or visit roka.com and use the code Rogan for 20% off at checkout. That's ROK a.com.


This episode is brought to you by manscaped. April is National Testicular Cancer Awareness Month. And did you know that every hour one man is diagnosed with testicular cancer? This topic doesn't get enough attention. So I'm glad to be working with manscape to raise awareness. They've partnered with a testicular cancer society and they're not just talking The talk Manscaped is donating $50,000 and dropped a special edition bundle. The TCS Ball Hero bundle with the lawnmower 5.0 ultra TCS special edition trimmer and special edition TCS Boxers 2.0. The trimmer has a badass purple design in honor of testicular cancer awareness. Plus it's cordless, waterproof, and comes with dual skin safe blade heads. The boxers feature a dual pouch design. It's a special place to cradle and support the boys with breathable fabric. And it even reminds you to check yourself for testicular cancer. And here's the best part, by ordering Manscaped TCS Ball Hero bundle, you're helping raise awareness for testicular cancer. Don't wait around. These special edition products are ultra limited in quantity. So grab them while supplies last. Get 20% off your entire order and free shipping when you use the code rogan@manscaped.com. That's code rogan@manscaped.com. And if you wanna learn how to check yourself or donate to Testicular Cancer Society, visit manscaped.com/tcs.


He said that on Twitter. Maybe he was too high, too drunk. I know He was talking shit. You know, I mean, it gets people to pay attention. He's really good at getting people to pay attention, You know? Yeah, he is. He's really good at that. I mean, he could be the next Conor McGregor star, like that kind of a star where the whole world Is watching. He has that weird personality. Yes. Yeah. He has that. Well, he's very disarming. 'cause people, they see, I talked about this in the last pay-per-view. I said, I said it's a very sneaky trick because guys like you look at you the way you carry yourself, the way you can. That's a fighter. Like you look at that guy's a dangerous motherfucker, but when you see Pat, he's dancing like this, his hair's is flopping around like he's in the Beatles, you know, he is like, he seems silly, but then he fucks people up.


And so I think people Get confused. Yeah. But he confused fucks people up like Michael Chandler. Right. But when he, he, he faced a real fight. Who, who did he face? Well, he hasn't faced anyone that could yet, but he fucked up Michael Chandler. It doesn't matter better than Charles Olivea did. It does. And Charles ra even this what, what I was telling you before, like when you got 10 loses in your record, that's not 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, that's 10. Yeah. Like when you walk in with a guy that has 10 loses the level of confidence, it's completely different. It's completely different than when you walk in with a guy that it's undefeated.


Right. He's a dangerous guy in the striking in the ground game Everywhere. You, you look at him, he's a dangerous guy. He never tastes that loose. That's a different mentality. You gotta you gotta have to kill him to give up. He's not gonna even give up. You gotta have to kill him. In the case of Charles, if he finds some adversity, he's gonna go to the, to, to, to the ground. He's gonna sit and he's gonna be waiting. Like, till you, you, you end up the fight. Mm. This is what I think, this is what I feel. This is what I see. Well, that was certainly the case early in his career. I think things changed with him when he had a child. Then he went on that run and became a champion.


And like when he beat Justin Gaethje, when he beat all those guys, he was, he was pretty elite man. He was really fucking good when he beat Chandler. When Chandler beat him up in that first round, he came back in the second round and fucked him up. Who? Chandler. Yeah. Yeah. I know what you're saying. I get it. Because Connor's been tested 11 times last year. Five the year before or none this year. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. This Year he was tested this year or no, none this year. No, none this year. That's what I'm saying. 11 Times last year. Yeah. I'm not sure if he's in the testing pool anymore. I don't know. I don't know. You know, I've heard no plans.


You know, the UFC would tell me, I would say, what's going on with Connor? And I don't even bring it up anymore. It's, you know, I think with him it's gonna happen like instantly if something happens. Well, That's crazy. I mean, if he's gonna prepare, he needs like a real long camp to really get his body back to fighting shape, like real fighting shape. And he's gotta remember, You know what happened when he came back from boxing and then fought Dustin Poer, He wasn't properly Depends who he's gonna face prepared. Because if you put him against against me, he needs to die and be burned again. Yeah, I hear you.


Yeah. If you, when you, when you think about like your division when you were the, the champion at 1 45, would he have been the fight that you would've wanted when he was in his prime at 45? Would that be the number one fight that you would wanted at 1 45? For sure. Yeah, for sure. My God. For sure. He was a dangerous guy in 1 45. He Was so big. He was big. Dangerous. Yeah, smart. He had that knockout power. Smart. Yeah. Yeah. One shot knockout power. Yeah. He he had that. Yeah. But when he would make 1 45, I remember that was back when the weigh-ins were literally right there. You'd weigh a guy in and then they'd, they would cheer in front of the crowd.


Now the weigh-ins are early and it's a ceremonial weigh in. So when Connor would weigh in, he would look like death. Death. Yeah. See if you can find the video of the weigh-ins with Conor McGregor versus Jose Aldo. Yeah. He looks like he was on a boat in the middle of the ocean for Six months. Like look at him, look at his face. Wow. Look at his face. Look at that one right there with Mike Goldberg. Click that one with Mike Goldberg. Which right here. Yeah. Click on that. My god, look how fucking skinny he looks. Look at his face, his cheekbones. He looks like he just got out of like some Russian prison. Like, wow. You know what I mean?


Bro, That one on the right is Insane. It's fucking insane with muscles. That's insane. I wonder how much weight he lost. I think he, he, he walks around and 180 5, So he lost 40 pounds before he fought. That's crazy. He fought also at, at the world welterweight division, right? Yes. He fought, well he fought Donald Cerone, who was really not a welterweight either. He was a 1 55 pounder, you know, but he wanted to fight Walter. Wait, when he came back, like when they were talking about Chandler, he said he wanted to fight at middleweight. And Chandler was like, okay. Like, but you know, part of me wonders like whether he was ever really going to come back, you know, it's, You know what I mean?


He's gonna, I really think that at some point he's gonna, he's gonna come back because I don't think that he, he wa he, he wants to leave the sport with a defeat. Right. This what, what I don't think, I think that he's gonna come back, try to get the win and then retire in the octagon. Well, I'd like to see that. I'd like to see him one more time. It'd be good for him too, to actually go to a real camp and stop partying. You know? It would be good for him, for his family, for everyone, For Everyone. But at that stand point, he's gonna stop. He's Got a lot of legal problems too. You know, there's a lot going on with him in Ireland. But he, He's running for the president, right? Well, they're talking about prosecuting him for old tweets too.


Yeah. Ireland. Yeah. Ireland is going crazy with their woke shit, with, with the restrictions and censorship the same way the UK is, it's, it's really scary stuff. But they're prosecuting people for tweets. That's crazy. Yeah. England arrested like 4,000 people last year for posting things on social media. No way. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. It's insane. What did, did they say? You Don't even have to say anything crazy. You know, You can just say, I don't want any more immigrants in my country. And they'll, they'll fucking prosecute you. It's really crazy. Wow. Yeah. It's, it's, That's not a freedom. No, It's not at all. That's A free space. That's, It's totalitarian government and it's, it's scary because it's, they're, they're using it to silence people, to silence people's opinions and Crazy.


See if You can find what's going on with Connor. 'cause there was something about Connor McGregor possibly being prosecuted for social media posts from, I believe it was 2023, some recent posts that he had made where they were gonna bring them back up and prosecute him for It. And he had also like the, the case with the rapids and All that. Yeah. And I think because he wants to run for president, of course, then they're gonna use the law to try to stop him. Because look, he's very popular in Ireland and he might win, you know, I mean if, if these people think that their country's being invaded by migrants. I asked to some people from Ireland, like, what are the odds that Conner becomes the, the president, they told me like probably zero Conor McGregor will not face charges over social media posts made before and during the Dublin riots.


Yeah. You know what they said that about Trump too? That Trump wasn't gonna win either. They said Trump wasn't. Yeah. All the fucking newspapers. Everything was saying the chances are none. No, But I asked the people I didn't ask, I didn't read the the Depends on who you're talking to. Yeah. You know, it, it really depends on how he conducts Himself. It's very close people to him himself. Oh, To him. Okay. Okay. They're like, no way. Yeah. Yeah. Look, he should be fighting and he should be fighting while You can because you don't want to be 49 years old sitting back thinking if you could've just won more, could've got it together. If I just stopped partying, I really think that he's gonna come back at some point. But we'll see. There's also the problem with that shin, you know, when a shin snaps like that, that's a, nobody really comes back from that and Fights level.


He level, he's body. He's fucked. He, he he's to is fact. He's gen is fact. He's body's fact with, with that, that much parties and drugs and all that. You gotta have to pay that price at some point. Yeah. And you, you are paying the price, which your health Yeah. Which is the dumbest thing you can do in, in your entire life. It is, it is a dumb thing. Especially for an athlete. Exactly. Yeah. He, he also suffered a lot with the weight cuts. That's a, a big damage for your body. Oh yeah. That's also one of the reasons why I changed the, the weight class because I realized that my health is the most important thing in, in, in my life. You can, you can have everything in, in this life, but if you are not healthy, you don't have anything.


Yeah. You, you know, you're, when you're cutting that much water outta your body, you're essentially getting to death's door. Hmm. You're getting to death's door 24 hours before you fight. But you, At a world championship level, which is crazy, You sometimes feel that you're really gonna die. I wasn't able to sleep in 48 hours at all because I was so dehydrated. My body was so like skinny and I was dreaming with water, with food, with everything. I was my social media and reels. Everything was about the food. Everything was about food.


At that moment. You don't give a fuck about anything material, about anything. So Tell me when you start, so if you were gonna make 1 45 on Saturday, what is your weight cut like? Or on Friday, what is your weight cut like for the week? When does it start and what do you weigh before it starts? So, Okay, basically I start a weight cut since the first day I started the training camp, which is 12th weeks. Really? Yeah. I'm on like, very strict diet and I have only one cheat meal a week on Saturday, on Wednesday, whenever I choose it, I have just one cheat meal. And at the same time you have to perform at the highest level. You have to train as a motherfucker all the time, and you have like 1,800 calories in your body and you burn four, 4,000 calories.


Wow. So you are wasting so much energy, but you aren't getting back a very low, So that fucks with your mind. Right. That fucks with your mind. And you don't feel happiness. You feel like stressed, depressed. You, you don't find the happiness in anything. They could bring you all the money in the world, but you don't give a fuck at, at that moment and about anything material. So you're doing it all through camp, but when you get to fight week? Yeah. What do you, what do you weigh at? We do the, the, the water load. I start on Sunday with eight liters and I don't have carbohydrates.


I don't have any sodiums salts and all that. Do You drink distilled water? Distilled water? Yeah. Oh, Distilled. Do You know What I'm saying? No, no, no, no. I just, I just, normal water. Okay. I'm not, not having carbohydrates, sodiums and fibers. You, you say fibers. Yeah. FIBRAs, yeah. Fiber. Yeah. All. I only have fat and, and proteins in a very small portions. And I drink eight liters on, on Sunday. Then eight again on Monday, six on Thursday, Wednesday I drink four I think. And then on, on Thursday, I don't drink anything till Friday till the weigh-ins.


Really? And before the weigh-ins, I start dehydration the, the dehydration. Like we do one session in the morning and I have to lose almost from two to three kills. And the rest I have to, I have to lose at at night because I always like to go to the bed on, on weight. I don't, I don't like to wake up in the morning and have to cut the, the last part in the morning on Friday morning. When did You start drinking wine before weigh-ins? I did it twice in my, in my career. It was once in, in Las Vegas I was supposed to fight with, I was fighting with Damon Jackson and I had, I had like still six skills or something like this.


That's a lot. That's a lot of way to cut. And the guy who was taking care of my nutrition, he, he called us and he told me, drink wine, drink half, half bottle of wine. I'm like, you sure? Yes. He told me, because if you drink a liter of wine, you're gonna wake up the next day. If you don't put anything else in your body with two liters less dehydration. Yeah, yeah. Because the, the alcohol, it's gonna ate the dehydration. I did it And it works. Wow. And after that, I did it in my next fight, but then I was like, I don't feel good.


I don't feel like doing this. And they wake us, this is kind of crazy. It's fun. It's fun because everyone wants to, I don't know, everyone is die. Almost dying that, that, that night I was like partying with my team. So skinny drinking wine. I'm like, what the fuck we doing? And after one day I have to, I have to face, face a monster in inside the gon experience in life. And so then you weigh in and then what is the rehydration process like? So I, I used to drink the electrolytes until I don't start to pee.


I don't put any food in my body. I drink almost for three, four hours in small portions. That right now we are so lucky that we have the performance institute. We have great nutritionists in, in, in, in that program that help us to, to do it from the right way. So I started drinking in half liter of, of electrolytes. For example, let's say for 20 minutes I have to drink that I can drink more. Then one, one that 20 minutes pass, I have to drink the ana bar and like that progressively. Mm. And so once you start to pee, then you allow yourself to eat food.


Exactly. And what kind of food are you eating? Most likely carbohydrates. I don't use to eat any proteins because it doesn't help you at all to, to have a great performance in inside the al. Right. Because the protein doesn't give you any how say how to say glucose. Glucose, yeah. Glucose That your body needs at, at that time. You, everything you need. It's electrolytes and carbohydrates. That's all you need. Not even fibers. Mm. Okay. So like what kind of food? Like pasta, like that Kind of stuff? Yeah, pasta.


How good does that taste after all that time, Bro? Amazing. Amazing. You, you could cook the pasta for me that day. And I don't know how good you cook, but it will be amazing. Amazing. I don't care about Whatever. So you've gone so long without carbohydrates. I have like almost a week and a half without carbohydrates. And I'm struggling for 12 weeks because I have only one cheat meal. So once I, I finish the cheat meal, I know that in one week I'm not gonna have another cheat meal. So I'm gonna have to eat whatever they tell me to, to, to eat. Like I wake up, I know that I'm gonna have two eggs with one slice of bread, and I'm gonna have to train, I don't know how much in the morning.


And then in the afternoon I'm gonna have to train again and I'm gonna have the same food all the time. And the good thing about that is that my wife, she, she was like a very important part and my last training camps, because he made my my diet more, more fun. You know, I didn't have to to repeat the food all the time. Mm. Because when I was in charge of that, just imagine what I was eating all the time. The same, all the, Just the same boring food. Just get through the Month 0.4 because I didn't even have like the, the opportunities that I have right now.


Right now I have a chef, I have, I set up my home with everything, everything is so comfortable. But, but before I had to cook for myself, go to the supermarket, doing everything for my, by myself. And it was tough. Mm. So all the foods weighed out, all the calories are measured. Everything. Everything's very systematic. So with this extra 10 pounds, how much better do you think you'll be able to perform inside the octagon? Because I would imagine physically that's gotta take a toll on you. As good as your performances were. And they were spectacular. But as good as your performances were, your body could not have been operating at a hundred percent.


A hundred percent. You are gonna see me at 1 55 that I'm gonna touch someone and I'm gonna take his lights out. Even if I, I don't need to touch his chin, I just touch his head And it will explode. I feel so powerful at that weight class. So powerful, so stable in the ground. Like, do you wanna wrestle? Let's wrestle. No problem. And I had the gas tank for five days, not five rounds. Do you think that a lot of fighters maybe diminish their potential by competing at a lower weight class for too long?


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Tax season is always stressful. You have to worry about filing on time, making sure you have all the right documents and getting all the deductions you possibly can. It's overwhelming. And by now, I know we're all sick of looking at numbers, but here's an important one that you should hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much money in refunds the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Here's another 20%. That's the overall increase in identity theft related tax fraud in 2024 alone. So luckily it isn't all bad news. Here's the good number 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialists will fix it. That's backed by another good number. The million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face identity theft and financial losses alone. There's strength in numbers With LifeLock identity theft protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use the promo code jr e or go to lifelock.com/jr e for 40% off terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Carnivores Snacks. You know, I'm all about authentic fuel and carnivores snacks delivers made with just two ingredients, pure meat and Redmond real salt. It isn't your typical jerky full of additives or heavy marinades. You get exactly what you pay for. Nutrient dense, 100% grass fed beef that tastes real. These aren't cheap, tough cuts like you might expect. Carnivore snacks uses prize selections like Rib Eye and New York Strip offering a unique texture that's a perfect blend of slight chew and an airy crisp. Each five ounce bag begins with nearly a full pound of meat before drying. Make it robust enough to serve as a full meal or it's just a snack. I bring 'em to the UFC all the time. It's what I eat when I'm there and I'm stuck sitting at the, the desk for six hours and I bring 'em for Daniel Cormier too. We both love them. Plus Carnivore Snacks is a pro-America brand supporting US farmers who practice regenerative agriculture, a method that restores soil nutrients and boost ecosystems. And that means better meat for you. Better care for the animals and better land stewardship. Visit www.carnivoressnacks.com. That snacks with an X to pick up your favorite cuts of meat today and use the code Rogan for 15% off your first purchase.


Mm. It depends. It depends. Some of them, yes. Some of them, no, because I think there are, are guys fighting in 1 45 that they could fight in 1 1 35 because they are smaller. They like Joss. Aldo, Like Joses, Aldo. I Mean he was one of the best ever at 1 45 and really looks fantastic now at 1 35. Exactly. And says this is the first time at 35 in his career that he's ever taken nutrition seriously and had a diet. But at the same time he was a world champion, right. For so long. So one of the Best and And one of the best. May, may, he would cut the way that 1 35 and he wouldn't succeed at this level.


Right? 'cause he wouldn't have the energy. Yeah. But Jose Aldo was big at 1 45 back in the day. He would struggle to make 1 45 earlier in his career. But I just think he wasn't doing it the right way. Like you're doing it, you know, I think athletes of today are much more systematic about it. And they have more information about the nutrition they have. We we got more help from the Performance Institute as they call you. Like Yeah, the u ffc Performance Institute is incredible. When, when I remember when they first opened it, I was a little skeptical. I'm like, who's gonna use this? What is the big deal? And then I went there, I was like, oh bro, okay. Crazy. This is amazing. Without them, you wouldn't see many of the fights that we have seen. A lot of people would miss the weight.


A lot of people. Yeah. So at 1 55, you're gonna be able to eat more, you're gonna be able to train more. You'll be able to recover better, much better. Like everything. Much better. I can't wait. They're really taking care of you. I can Can't wait. I can't wait to see it. I Can't wait, wait, either. I can't wait. I wanna fight. So take me through, like what is a, a typical training week like for you? How much strength and conditioning do you do? How much, how much do you concentrate on technique? How much do you spar? So outside or inside the training camp? Let's go with outside the training camp First. So out outside the training camp, I try to develop my skills in every discipline.


Like I try to, to not mix it up. I don't train MMA at all. I do boxing classes, wrestling classes. I try to learn every discipline separate. You know? Why Do you do that? Because when the training camp comes, I try to mix it up and polish everything that I have been able to, to learn till that moment. You know what I mean? Everything that worked, worked for me in, in, in the wrestling and boxing in, in, in the places where I feel comfortable. Like that's why I want to develop all the time. My, my knowledge. I want to get better all the time. And I can get better if I only go and train MMA and I only drill the same things all the time.


Right. My head is like get getting stuck. Getting stuck. Right. You know, I need to learn new techniques because I, I, I think that I have much more to learn in every discipline. Like in BJJ you never end up learning right? All the time. You learn new things, you see new things, you wanna try it, And it, it takes some time that that technique works for you and, And it, when you rolling with someone, for example. Right? Right. So yeah, one thing is what you know, and the other is what you do with what you know. How do you know how much time to allocate to each specific discipline?


Because something like Brazilian jiujitsu, it's a never ending journey. Yeah. Like there's so many techniques. It's, it's un there's so many different combinations of things you could do to a human body when you're grappling. So the thing about me is like, you have to decide what kind of style do you wanna have. Do you wanna fight from the court? You, you, how do you say guard? Guard, yeah. Do you wanna pass the guard? Like there are different styles, right? Right. But at some point I, I wa I was like fighting all the time from the war. I was doing like the breeding bolos, baby bolos everything because I needed to, to fill what the people feels when I'm passing the war.


The guard. Yeah. You know what I mean? So the same thing with boxing, for example. Someone has a defensive style, someone has aggressive style, but from distance someone needs to cut the, the distance and, and work more in, in the body. So I don't know, it's like, it's so difficult to explain. Explain it to your Wife. I know what you're saying though. I think one of your most impressive performances was Josh Emmett. Because in Josh Emmett, he's such a powerful puncher. He's such a dangerous puncher. But everything he throws you has murder on it. Everything. But you just kind of slipped and moved with everything and just systematically broke him down.


But you adjusted your style for his danger. You adjusted your style for him and just dominated the fight. I think that was one of the most impressive performances. 'cause it showed how skillful you could be, where it's like, imagine if Michael Chandler fought Josh Emmett, it would be fucking madness. Yeah. Just madness. Two dudes just trying to murder each other. Just fucking throwing haymakers, you know. But what you did was you broke down what he was doing. You found your openings, you started to get your timing. You started to figure out, you put all his movements into your computer and then you, you rolled with everything, everything he threw, you rolled with when he had big shots, you, you moved with them.


All his big shots. It's coming with the right hand. Like he's the type of guy that end ends up every combination with the right hand. So everything I had to do, it's all the time. I didn't have to exchange the punches with him. I had to let him throw me all the punches, roll his right hand, and then start with my combinations. And this is what I really did. Like I, I was hurting him with, with, with the calf cakes. Then I was going for my combinations and lung combinations all the time. In MMA, no one works a lung combination combinations. No one. They always used to do 1, 2, 1, 2, 3. But no one does 1, 2, 3, 3, 4, 5, 6 mm You know.


And like The Ja Herbert Fight. Exactly. Yeah. Usually you're getting two punches. Everyone blocks two punches. But after the second one, they put their hands down again. And then it's when I go again, like 1, 2, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, boom. You're not waiting for that. And if I change the levels and I go in the head and the body cough kicks, I go for the takedowns, I mix it up. You, you get crazy. It's interesting that you didn't start boxing until you were 17 because you're probably the best boxer in not just the featherweight division, but you might be the best boxer in the sport in terms of your movement. And then your one punch power.


Your one punch power is pretty fucking crazy. Which I think you either have or you, I mean you definitely can develop it And it definitely is dependent upon technique, but either you have power or you don't have power. So did you always notice that? Like from the very beginning when you first started training? I Always had power. Isn't that crazy? Yeah, it is. It's a god-given thing. God-given thing. A hundred percent. I always had that power. I remember myself without much technique, but I was connecting the punch and putting guys to sleep in the trainings. Mm. And I wasn't that ske guy, but I had that Power. But you were smart enough. See this is the difference between like a Josh Emmett approach and your approach.


You were smart enough to realize that okay, I've got this power, but now I need to develop laser sharp technique, of Course. And I have to be able to find the moment. I don't have to just throw it and believe that I have the power. If I connect it, I put you to sleep. No, it's not. If I, I'm gonna connect you that punch, I'm gonna f work for that. And I'm gonna find that specific moment to put your lights out. And I know with everyone, even if in, in 1 55, I know that I'm gonna, I'm gonna be able to find that, find that moment where I'm gonna be able to connect that one punch or two or three punches. 'cause sometimes it's not only one. I'm able to combinate punches.


You know, sometimes you think that I'm going for your head and I'm going, my main combination is to go to the body and I go to, to that, with that liver shot. And that hurts also. Oh yeah. Yeah. And little by maybe I, I, I, I don't knock you out, but it takes a lot of cardio from you. A lot of moments. You start doubting yourself. You, you're getting like, wow. Yeah. If he connects me with this punch in, in the chin, I'm done. And you're starting to, to to, to doubt. And then the doubts kill you at the end. Yeah. It's like little by little. Little by little.


Yeah. It's, it's interesting how few guys really work the body. Well. That's one thing about Jack Della Madelina is that he's a very good body puncher. Which is one of the things that I think is very interesting about this fight with Al Muhammad. He's a dangerous body puncher. He's very good at mixing up and down. No one usually used to attack the body in the UFC. I don't know why. It's so, such a beautiful technique to go. It is to go and work the body. Not only the head, everyone goes for the head. But there are also weaknesses in the human being's body. Which is the, the body. Especially with those little MMA gloves, you Know, everything hard. Yeah. And you are, you're digging, digging into that rib cage.


But it's just, it's interesting how the sport evolves. And I think when a guy like you comes around that does mix things up so well and does have elite boxing, the next generation will also copy you. They will copy your style. You know, because like, think about the calf kick. There was no calf kicks forever. Forever. I don't know when they style with the calf Kicks. Benson Henderson, Benson Hendersons, Benson Henderson. He was the first guy I ever saw do him. He was doing a lot. And I remember pointing it out like he wasn't doing it as effectively where he was like crippling guy's mo movement. But he was doing it a lot. And then I remember when Dustin Poer fought Jim Miller, Jim Miller almost took him out with calf kicks. Like Justin Poitier's calf was destroyed in that fight.


And then, you know, Dustin Poer became a really good calf kicker after that. And then it became ubiquitous. Everybody has to have a calf kick. But it comes from Muay Hai, it comes from kickboxing. It comes from, Comes from, well it sort of does. But in Muay Hai, they don't throw it very often. It's not a common technique in kickboxing or Muay Hai, which is interesting. It's not as common as it is in MMA. It's Caught so much. It's like a jab. But for the lex it's like jab. Well it also cripples your movement, which is terrible. 'cause you can't punch as hard 'cause you don't have a left leg anymore or a right leg depending on what's for, And at the same time it distracts you a lot. Right. You know what I mean? Because it Hurts so much. Yeah. It hurts. It distracts you. You have to, you, you don't only have to think about the hands.


You have to think about also about the kicks. Well, Izzy said that when he lost to Alex Pereira, the first fight in the, in the UFC, he said he wasn't hurt that bad with the punches. He said he couldn't move. He said his leg was so destroyed. Wow. He said my leg, my left leg was so compromised I couldn't move. And then in the second fight when Alex, when he knocked Alex out in the first round, he said my leg was fucked already. He's like, he was getting me again. He's so sneaky with that calf kick. 'cause he throws it. He's got that weird style. He stands it the he and he just kind of throws it out there. And you don't even see it coming. Yeah. Because he's not twisting his hips. He's not. And it's still, he hits so hard that he doesn't have to turn his body weight into it. Man it hard.


And he's still fucking you up. And at the same time he had that muscle memory and he was like, if he starts with a calf kick Yep. I'm gonna be fucked. Ba I'm fucked. Yeah. He, he said that to me. He's like, at the end of the round I was like, oh, this motherfucker did it again. I can't believe he got me again. And he's like, my leg was fucked. And then he caught him with that Right hand. You your All time. Favorite fire to watch in the UFC Boy. I don't think I have one. I don't think I have one. It's just top five. Well, you're in there. Yeah. You're in the top five. Really? Yeah. For real. I'm always Joe, get out there for real. Yeah, definitely. Wait, how could you not be, you knocked out two Hall of Famers, two of the all time greats.


Wolsky and Max Holloway are all time greats. Two of the greatest featherweight champions. So if you're a great featherweight champion, you're the greatest in a division that probably has, if not the most skill. There's like, there's an argument for the most skill and I think it's 45 and 55. I think those are the two divisions that have the most skill. Yeah. So to be a, a champion at 45 or 55, you're a champion in the most skillful weight class. Like look at 45, so many fucking killers at 45 now. Like look, it was John Silva just did to Bryce Mitchell and he wasn't even ranked. Yeah. You know, I mean this guy's a motherfucker man. Yeah. You know, and these guys are coming up, but they're so god damn good. And yay Rodriguez, you know, you got these guys, they're so skillful.


You got so much talent. I don't know what to tell you about J Rodriguez. I'm not a big fan of him. Yayah. Yeah. No. How come? No, I don't know. I, I see, I see him. He's the type type of guy that you don't even need to take him down. He goes to the ground by himself. I know. He's like very spectacular at the way he fights and the striking and the kicks he throws and all that. But I don't know. I'm not a big fan of him. I'm a fan of Walk and Max Holloway. Well, you know, actually they were the, the smartest guy, the smartest guys that I ever faced inside the Octagon. I felt that they were smart. They had that fight iq.


They, they know how to fight. Do you think Max Holloway made a mistake in going up to 55 and then back down to 45 again? 'cause he got big when he Fought. A hundred percent. Yeah. I think so too. A hundred percent. Yeah. He looked too compromised. He looked, but he didn't look healthy at 45. He gets crazy for the title shot. He was like, take the gold. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And yeah, I mean, I understand it. I get it. I understand it. And the guy who, who's the 145 pound champion, he knew it'd be hard to make the weight, but he felt like he could do it. But the thing is, he, he gained so much muscle to get the 55 to fight gci. And he did it over a long period of time where he really bulked up well. But at the same time, I don't know if he wouldn't try it, he would stay for life.


Like with the doubt that if I, Yeah. Yeah. So another one is Pereira be just, 'cause what he's done inside the octagon is so crazy. Two division world champions, a short period of time and hadn't been fighting MMA for but three or four years. Crazy. It was crazy. Crazy. And it's also what he does when he hits people. They like what he did to, well, I mean, but it basically what it does to everybody when he connects, I mean his, his power is just different than what he did to Jamal Hill. One left hook boom. And Jamal Hill, who's good at taking a shot, all of a sudden he's gone. You know, he's just, there's some Yuri Prohaska that fight like the the second fight.


It's crazy, crazy. He just like, he hits you one time. It's like, that Was with the, with a hat kick. Right? The head kick in the second round, but dropped him with a left hook. He was basically done after the first round. 'cause it was at the buzzer. He hit him with a left hook and then he drops and then the bell rings, and then he knocks him out with a head kick in the second round. But he, he's just got this crazy style that's different than anybody else's style. And he's such a specialist, such a kickboxing specialist, two division world champion and glory. And then goes on and becomes a two division. He's special, special. He's and 37. You know, he's older. He's an older guy, you know, to be fighting at such an elite level.


You know, John Jones, definitely. John Jones. One of the greatest of all time. I mean, just, and John, what do you think about He's gonna come back. He's gonna fight Tom. Yes. I think he'll fight Tom. No, I think he'll hang out. You don't think so? No. Really? I don't think so. How come? For what? For Glory. He already has the glory. Yeah. One more glory before the lights fade. Yeah. Yeah. I think John's a conqueror. I think he can, He is. I think he Can't sit Back. He's the best of of all time. No one can say, say the, the opposite of that. He, he he's the best.


Look the guy developed a spinning back kick at 36. Yeah. Didn't have a spinning back kick his whole career. And then all of a sudden knocks out steep a with a spinning back kick for the heavyweight title at 36, 37 years old. That's crazy. And they showed me a video the three days ago, four days ago, John, before the, the fight with steep. He was practicing that kick at the day of, of the fight. Yes. And he said something like, this is the kick. I'm gonna knock him out with this kick. And the guy showed me the video. That's Crazy. Well, John's fight IQ is insane. Insane, insane, insane. Yeah. He's a smart, he's a smart guy.


And did a lot of his career partying, which is even crazier. Like diminished. His body did coke. Like one of the things he said to Daniel Cocaine, Daniel Cormier rather, which is one of the coldest things anybody's ever said. He said, I beat you when I was on Coke. That's Such A coldblooded thing to say. It's so cold-blooded crazy. It's so cold-blooded crazy. He's so Crazy. He was so good. But he was so good. He was better than everybody in his division. So he didn't work hard. Yeah. But then when he has to work hard, he's fucking terrifying. Like when he fought Alexander Gustafson barely trained. They said he barely trained, barely was in the gym. They, they were really worried about him.


They were, Greg Jackson said they were even considering not letting him fight. They're like, you shouldn't be fighting. You're not training. Yeah. And then he, he guts it out in the final rounds, wins the decision. Very close fight. Then they have a rematch. And in the rematch. Yeah. I remember he fucking trained. Yeah. And then he just destroyed him in the rematch. The first fight was very competitive. Very. The second one. Yeah. He Not competitive at all. Yeah. When John is focused and John is in shape and training, he's the greatest of all time. I think he fights Aspenal because I think it's gonna be a lot of money. It's, it's it's glory. And look, Aspenal is amazing. He's unbelievable. He's fast as fuck for a heavyweight. He's big.


He can grapple black belt and jujitsu. He is got knockout power, but he's never been in deep water ever. I don't even know if he's gone to a second round. I don't wanna say that he, he doesn't have any chance because everyone has it. One punch can change everything in, in, in inside the octagon. Of course we, everyone think that John John is gonna gonna get it. But you can't count. Count him out at, at all the Tom Aspen. But I don't think that he's gonna come back me personally. Do you, what is this here? One time Andrea Laki took him to the second round. That's it. Oh really? Wow. I don't even remember that.


And then he tk owed him. That's four years ago. That's kind of crazy. If you look at his career, it's all one and two. Yeah. And then in Bama he had a two, two round fight. That's great. But it's also not great because he doesn't have any deep water experience. You know, if you're fighting a guy, like, imagine if he fought Steve a when Steve a was in his prime or he fought Kain. You can't have one round fights and expect to beat Kane Velasquez in a five round war. 'cause the chances are you're not gonna catch him in the first round. Yeah. And he's gonna, his cardio is just like an alien. Yeah. But at the same time, you don't know how, how he's gonna look at the fourth and fifth round.


Right. He might be great. Might, he might be great. Sure. He might be great. But he doesn't have that experience. So in his head you've gotta think there's gotta be some, no matter how confident he is, there's gotta be a couple questions. Yeah. If you've never been to like, John has no questions. Right. There's no questions in John Jones' head. Yeah. He's gone through five round wars, like the Augustson fight, five round ward, no training wins. He knows that he's got what it takes. He's got heart. It's, it's undeniable. So there's no questions. But with Aspenal it's like, yeah, he can get everybody out of there. He's got the confidence that he gets everybody out of there. That's for sure. Like, he's got the confidence that he connects. He's so fast and athletic for a heavyweight and he's a legitimate heavyweight.


Like Tom Aspenal is not making 2 0 5. He's big, He's big. He's a Fucker. That guy is big. He's big that guy's, so for him, you know, it's, But John Jones is special. He's, he's special. He's special. And he has that fight iq. He's not that type of guy that he walks in. And you, for example, I don't know Francis Nano, you know that he, he got that one punch power, but he doesn't have the same level of fight that you as Joan Jones. Right. You know what I mean with Joan is like, if he feels that you are dangerous in the striking, he's gonna grab your legs, try to mow you a little bit in the ground, then if you go in the second round with him in the striking, you're gonna be tired.


He Also beats the fuck outta your knees. That front leg side kick kicks the knee, the oblique kick to the knee. He's A bad guy. He wants to hurt you. He's trying to Fuck you up. Yeah. He, he doesn't care to go with the elbow, with the knee. He wants to hurt You. John, when, you know, when he fought Tiago Tiago Santos, at the end of that fight, Tiago needed two knee ies. Hmm. Both of his knees were destroyed. And he was basically never the same fighter ever since, ever after that fight. What Happened with that guy? And never, never saw him. Never Ever. We fought again after that. And then he left the UFC, but his, his knees were never the same. He had multiple knee surgeries after that fight. Crazy. Both of his knees got kicked out. I mean, he was front leg sidekick the shit out of his knees.


And what about you used to train sometimes? Sure. MMA juujitsu. What Mostly Juujitsu did? Muay Thai? Yeah. Yeah. I started in TaeKwonDo and then I started. That's great. Jiujitsu. I, I would love to share some training with you. I would love to share some training with you too. I wanna see what you do, man. We have, I watched you grapple with Rab. I was super impressed. Yeah. I watched a video. You grapple. I'm like, anybody that could do that to Marab, like, holy shit. 'cause people think about you, they're scared of your striking, but one of the things, well, like, you open up a lot of people's eyes in the Ryan Hall fight. 'cause Ryan Hall was this weird puzzle. He was like this elite Brazilian juujitsu black belt who do a lot of strange things. Like he would turn his back to people crazy and do weird things.


He'll hook BJ Penn like that in the first round. Like Yeah. With that role. Yeah. But when you dominated him like that, I was like, Jesus Christ. And then you put his lights out. I was like, wow. Because people think when people see a guy who can strike like you do, they kind of forget about the ground game. You know, they forget that your ground game is very elite too, you know? Which is really interesting because pe you, you tend to put people in categories of danger, but with you, it's all danger. Like, you, you're, you have a, a very well balanced game, you know, which is unusual. Like Pereira for instance, doesn't have a balanced game. You know, his game is, he's gonna connect and you're gonna wake up.


You know, that's, that's all it is. His, his game is kickboxing. But your game is like, it's everything. It's all over the place. You know, like the Bryce Mitchell fight, it's, it's everywhere. It's standup, it's the ground, it's comprehensive. It's like George St. Pierre, when he was in his prime, it was coming from all different angles. You never knew if he was gonna take you down. You didn't know if he was gonna strike with you. It was all your mind was overwhelmed with possibilities. Which is, in my opinion, what I liked to watch. That's what I like the most. A guy who can do everything. I love specialists. I love like Damien Maya. Because when Damien Maya would get you, who'd he Clint? You, he gets you like, oh, you're fucked. You're back. You're fucked. To this day, the one fight that drives me the most crazy, where referee fucked it up was Kamara Usman and Damien Maya.


'cause in the first round, Damian Maya had Kamar Oman's back standing up, had one leg laced, had his back, but it was taking too long. And the referee separated them. And I'm like, you motherfucker, he's so close. He's so close. Wow. This is it. Look at this shit like Kamar iss in deep shit here. He's in deep shit here. And the referee fucking separated him. This is crazy. What he's doing this, this referee, this drives me nuts. Go back it up a little bit. Back it up a little bit. Because it's before this. It's before this. So like when, once he finally secures it, go a little bit before that little bit before, a little bit before, little bit before May.


He never, never wash, fight do do it right from the moment where they, they clinch up. Okay. Right here. So as soon as he clinches up and he ties that leg, the soon as he gets his hands together, Kama is in deep shit right here. Deep shit. Kama has one loss on his record, and that's by rear naked choke. And now he's grappling with one of the best to ever do it. To this day. This fucks me up. This is one of the reasons why I hate when they separate fighters. I hate when they stand people up. And I hate when they separate fighters. This is a huge mistake here by this referee, because you've got one of the greatest ground specialists of all time. Do, do you Think that he was the most dangerous guy in the, in the ground?


Yes. Yeah. In in his, in his prime. In his prime. He, he dominated people. Oh. Oh God. He's just so close, man. Kama iss in real trouble here. The way his arm is compromised behind his back. He's fucked. Here. You gotta get out of this. You can't get separated. Just 'cause the crowd's booing the referee's like too involved. Get the fuck out of there. Get out of there and let him work. Because if he gets to the ground tomorrow might be fucked here. And there's two minutes to work. There's plenty of time to this day. That drives me nuts. He's doing something very interesting there with the, With the butterfly flag. Yes. With that left butterfly. Yeah. He's constantly keeping you off base.


And you know that if you make any mistakes here, that right hook is coming over the arm's, coming over the top. You're gonna, as soon as he let go, pay the price. Yes. So as soon as he, lets go of that arm, that arm that he's got trapped, that arm that he's got trapped with his over, with his left arm. As soon as Kama, if he gets that arm over the top of the shoulder, Kamas fucked, man, this is a terrible spot to be. And for the referee to separate them and not let him work. I was talking to Matt, Sarah about it the other day, and he was like, yes, he fucked them. Yeah, he fucked them. He did. They fucked him. Then Kama wins this fight. And then, you know, I watched this Fight. The world changes. It changes because this could have been a loss.


And then Kama could have been back to the drawing board. It's a bad situation to be in with a ground. See, look, now he has this advantage of being able to stand up again. Like why, why does he have this advantage? Why, why You should be back where you were. There's no reason to separate those guys. Referee mistakes are crazy. You know, like there's, there's moments in fights where referees make mistakes where a, a fighter's whole career just changes, just flashes before their eyes. The Other day also, something happened in the, in in the paper in in the car. Yes. With Dan Eger. Yes. Yes. I don't know why he stopped the fight. And Yes. That that was a bad decision too.


That was bad as well. Same thing. Sean Woodson. Yeah. I think he would win the fight anyways. But he didn't have to stop the fight There. It was a bad stoppage. Yeah, it was a bad stoppage. Yeah. Yeah. There's bad stoppages, Matt. I mean, it happens. It happened to Jared Canna ear. Jared caner had a bad stoppage. I guess. Who was that against? Was it E Mal? The war stoppage and the Robbie Lawler against Ben Rein. Oh yeah. That was the worst. That was the worst one. That was the worst one. They thought he was out and he wasn't out. I Was so excited for that fight. Yeah. And Then Robbie was beating the fuck outta him too before that headlock. Yeah, that was terrible. That was a bad stoppage.


Yeah. There's been some bad stuff. But you know, look, the referees have the second hardest job in the sport. The first hardest job in the sport. Yeah. Here it is. This is Jared Cannonier and Emo evolve. So he gets cut. Look at that right there. That's crazy. That's a crazy stoppage. He Stopped the fight. Why? Yes. No. Yeah. Look at this. He got hurt. He got hurt, but he's covering up, and by the way, Jared caner can fucking take it, man. He comes back. Jared caner came back against Rodriguez in his last fight. He was hurt way worse than this. And he came back to score a knockout. But that was a crazy stoppage. It just, you know, like I said, referees have the second hardest job.


Fighters have the first hardest job. Second hardest job is being a referee. Because those moments when you make a decision like, ah, you can't take it back. The fight's over. That's true. It's terrible. It's hard to be a referee. Yeah. It's, and then there's the judging. Some judges. The judging. Yeah. How do they, that's also something that drives me crazy. It's like How do they keep having the same bad judges come back again? That's what's crazy because the UFC has no control of the judges. The judges are all established by the athletic commissions. Yeah. So sometimes you get great judging and it's like, oh, these judges are good tonight. These are good decisions. And sometimes you get what the fuck is going on.


Yeah. Sometimes judges are horrible, horrible. Doesn't Make any sense. You never know if they give you more points for wrestling, for striking. Right. For defending. Right. It's crazy. Well, Some judges just aren't qualified, right. They don't have a martial arts experience. They don't, they don't have a background. You know, they just learned how to judge that. You can't, I don't think you can do that. It's like, I don't speak Spanish, but if you taught me some Spanish and then I was judging Spanish, would I, would the, You know what I'm saying? Like, yeah. Crazy. I'm not qualified. Right. You are not. Right. So if you have a guy who doesn't really understand who's got the dominant position, like maybe you see a bullshit guillotine that has no chance.


It's not Like they never fought. It's, they not even never trained. Right. Exactly.


This episode is brought to you by OnX Hunt with over 5 million users. Hunters love the OnX Hunt app, including me. I use it all the time. But this app has so many more uses outside of hunting. There are, people use it in their everyday lives. Some farmers and ranchers use it for measuring fields and fixing fences or wildland firefighters who use topo maps and aerial imagery to navigate terrain while fighting fires. There're using even thousands of game wardens and police officers who use it throughout the country for their jobs every day. Ultimately, anyone who needs good aerial imagery with public and private landowner names and boundaries in the palm of their hands will find Onyx valuable. The best part is you can try Onyx Hunt free for seven days. Download on Google. Play the app store or visit OnX maps.com/hunt.


This episode is brought to you by Amazon MGM studio's. New movie The Accountant two in theaters April 25th. Ben Affleck and John Bernthal are back in the accountant too. When an old acquaintance gets murdered, he leaves behind a cryptic message that leads straight to Christian Wolf, the uniquely skilled accountant to figure out who's behind it to solve this thing. He will need to team up with his estranged and seriously Lethal Brother Brax. It's got crazy action, but it's also hilarious. The relationship between the brothers is something anyone with a sibling can relate to. And trust me, this is an all rated action thriller that you gotta experience on the big screen. The accountant two only in theaters, April 25th, checkout the accountant to movie.com to learn more


'cause of them. I remember That's the problem early on in the UFC, one of the judges turned to one of the people next to this person. It was a woman. She turns to this person, he goes, what is he doing Norway? Yeah. Yeah. What is he doing? Someone was trying to get a Kimora and she's like, what is he doing? She didn't know what a Kimora Was. So how'd they get there? They were boxing judges. So the boxing judges, they started using them for MMA fights with no martial arts experience at all. Of course. Never, never stepped on the mat, never put in a mouthpiece, never got punched in the face doing. That's crazy.


That's crazy. They don't know how it works. And it's their judging at a professional world championship level At the highest level. It's crazy. It's crazy. I Think they should have more judges. Let, Let me ask you something. What do you think was the decay of success of the UFC? Like it was, You know what, it was the matchmakers, it was the fighters, it was the promotion. What it was. I think the big thing was the Ultimate Fighter. I think everybody kind of agrees with that. The Ultimate Fighter reality show. What, what made the UFC huge was that first season of the reality show, because this was 2005. So reality shows were really popular back then. This is, you know, survivor and Fear Factor.


There's all these reality shows and Big Brother. And so they had this reality show that people were watching with fighters and then they have the finale. And in the finale, Forrest Griffin fights Stephan Bonner. And it's such a crazy fight that people are just too telling their friends the the, the ratings were going up as the fight went on. And you know, the titas, the people that owned the UFC before this current company, they were in the hole $40 million and they just kept losing money. And they said, listen, this is the last, they were gonna sell the UFC at one point in time. And then they got to this point where they're like, look, let's just try this one more thing. Let's just try this one more thing. And they, they did this, this reality show.


And the reality show worked. And then 2005 and then they had Chuck Liddell and Chuck Liddell was the perfect poster boy for this new cage fighting thing. This fucking maniac with a mohawk and a tattoo on his head. And he's just crushing everybody. You know, he was a perfect guy because the fights were so exciting. And he had this insane style, this insane, almost like Michael Chandler style, but, but Better. Very entertaining style. Very, very entertaining. Just warrior. He was a good boxer, good striker. Fast hands. Yeah, Fast hands. Vicious knockout power. And he was a wrestler, but he didn't wrestle anybody. He was a heavyweight. Light heavyweight. Yeah. Big guy. Yeah. He was a light heavyweight. Light heavyweight. Big guy Kos people with one punch.


And you know, it was perfect for the sport because like, he was so exciting and he looked the part, he was like a maniac. And after we'd win, he'd go and run around the cage. It was so exciting. So exciting. He was the poster boy. He was the guy, he was the guy that put the sport on the map because people would watch him and they'd go, geez, This guy. Yeah, that time guy timeline of MMA was so fun. It was fun with Rampage Jackson also. Oh Yeah. And then when Rampage cad him, you know, he became the man And you know, and then John Jones comes along and poof. You know, it's like the sport. That's what's crazy about John, right? John has been dominant now for like, what, 15, 16 years? Yeah. That's Nuts, man. That's why I, I say he's the best.


He's The goat. He's the goat. He Used the goat. I don't know how, how how they pulled him as the number one pound for pound. He's the number one pound for pound. You know, it's just because he doesn't fight as often as Islam. You know, Islam's defended his title more recently, more often against top flight competition. Whereas John is, you know, John takes a year off, does a year off here, year off there. But when you look at the overall record, the overall career, he's the greatest of all time. But when I, when I talk about like, just technique, you gotta listen. You gotta think about Mighty Mouse too. Man. Mighty Mouse in his prime was a bad motherfucker man. He would do shit to guys like Su when he plexed Ray Borg and caught him in an arm bar in the middle of the air and finished him.


You don't think so? I see your face. I see your Face. No, no, no. It's not like, I don't know. I never was a big fan of him. No, no, never. I think in his proud, first Of all, when you call yourself a Mickey Mouse, mighty, Mighty Mouse. Mighty Mouse. So I always thought that he was a Mickey Mouse. I'm like, bro, how, what the fuck you calling? He said a Mickey Mouse. No, he was a good fighter. He was a good fighter. He was a very technical fighter. He dominated the whole division. How many times he defended his belt, like many times, 14 times, many Times he fucked a lot of people up. But then there's an issue where the quality of the competition in the 125 pound division back then was not at the level that it is now.


Like Pantoja, he's a bad motherfucker. I would've loved to see Alexandre Pantoja versus Mighty Mouse in their prime. Pantoja is a fucking animal man. That guy's a fucking animal. There's a guy coming up in 1 25. He fought in the last paper view in, in London. His last name is Kana in 1 25. He's gonna be a problem in that division. He's very skillful fighter. Well I think like all weight classes now you have the best fighters of all time. Because we see guys from the Dana White contender series now that are coming along that, that enter into the UFC for their first fight.


And you see these guys are like, Jesus Christ, this guy looks like he has 15 pro fights in the UFC. They look elite. You know That. That's a cool program. Also a Dana White contender series. Oh, that's incredible. That's something cool because they have some story behind them before they get to the UFC and that's cool. And actually they make a good matchmaker matchmaking also to, for that fight. I prefer that. I, I like to see sometimes Dana away contenders serious. All within some fight nights. Yeah. Yeah. You get to see Guy. Well that's where we found Sugar. Sean O'Malley. You get to see guys. I prefer that to the Ultimate Fighter. 'cause I don't wanna watch all the in the house bullshit and all the games that they play.


I don't care about all that. I don't care. I just wanna see 'em Fight. Not anymore. Yeah. But before it was very entertaining In the beginning. Yeah, in the beginning, the early days. But the, I mean now they're on like season 2000. Like who fucking, there's been so many seasons. Like I can't even keep track. I forget who won. Yeah. You know, there's so many seasons. True. But the, my point is that the caliber of new guys when they're just entering the, like, Maurizio roofie perfect example. Yeah. You see this guy first fight UF Lightweight, Right? Yeah. He's fucking huge. You, you see this guy first fight in the UFC, you're like, whoa, this guy is elite already. You know, same thing with Jean Silva Elite already, like these guys, they're entering into the sport at a very Carlos pros.


Same thing like right away. Like you're seeing like a very high level right away. And I just think that because there's so many guys like you to watch, there's so many guys like, you know, Hamza and all these people, you get to see elite talent. So these young fighters that are coming up, they have a higher level than before they Yeah. A higher level to aspire to. Hmm. That's true. Now. Like the, the sport is growing that the talents are better than before. Yeah. Because the, the sport has developed so much that right now you have so much experience. You can learn so much about the game. Like even in YouTube, you go on YouTube, You can learn everything by yourself.


I think in the future, guys, like you will be everywhere. There will be only guys like you at world championship level. I don't think there'll be any specialists anymore. I think there'll be guys who are elite. Everywhere. Everywhere. This is what I, what what, what I was saying, like all the time. Now it's time for the new generation. What's the new generation? That if you want to wanna be the best, you have to be the best in everywhere. The, the fight, the fight takes the place and the ground and the wrestling and the striking. You have to be good everywhere because that's how, how the sport is de developing right now. Because before, before you were good only in wrestling you would take people down and no problem.


You, you, you could become a war champion right now. So tough. So tough. The competition all the time is higher and higher and higher. And there's more knowledge in the, in the Sport. Yeah. There really is. It's, it's very inspiring. And it's very interesting because there's no other sport where you could go back and look at it from 1993 to 2025. And it's almost like a completely different sport. The the athletes are so much better than they were. I mean, even from like 2000, go back to 2000 and watch the sport and then watch it today, at least in the UFC It changed a lot, A lot changed a lot. Everything.


Everything in the production. Oh yeah. Everything, everything changed everything. Yeah. I mean it's, it's so, it's so interesting because it's the one sport also that translates. It, it, it translates to all languages. Like everybody understands it. But UK is so special that because you saw the sport growing citizen since nothing and you saw so many great fights in front of you. Yeah, I'm very lucky, man. Yeah. That's, I feel Very fortunate. What about, what about you? Like, do you have a plan where you wanna retire or you are just enjoying and you love what you're doing? Because I I I think that it's a, I don't know. You are enjoying a lot. Yeah, I just enjoy it.


I don't think about retiring. No, no. If Dana white quits, I might quit, but that's it. Yeah. Yeah. It's actually my contract. No. Yeah. If he leaves, I leave. Yeah. So in my contract, if he leaves, I don't have to stay. Why that something personal? I Wouldn't be doing it if it wasn't for him. Yeah. Yeah. He's my friend. He talked me into doing it. I mean, I started working for the UFC before him. I started working for the UFC in 1997. Okay. When it was nothing that nobody was watching. It was, we did it at a a, a small, like a high school auditorium in Dothan, Alabama. He had to take a propeller plane to get there. Like Fucking Scary ass planes.


And that was the first time Vitor fought. Okay. I was actually training at the same gym as Vitor when Vitor made his debut. Vitor was 19 years old and we were at Carlson Gracie's. She star very young. Yeah. Yeah. We were at Carlson Gracie's gym in Hollywood. Hollywood, California. That's where I was training. I just, dumb luck. I was a white belt. I just started. So you how, how old you were when you started like training or you had summer relationship with the sport? Well, juujitsu, well martial arts, I started when I was 15. Well, I started when I was 14, but really seriously when I was 15. And then I competed in TaeKwonDo from 15 to 21. And then I kick boxed until I was 22. And then I was doing comedy at the same time. And then I realized like I was half And half hour.


Something crazy about you is when I hear you explaining some positions, I'm like, this guy has to know how to fight, how to do it. Because the way he has explained it, I couldn't be able to, to explain it. And I'm a a world champion. I know the game, but you explain like way better than anyone else. I I think that you put 10 world champions together, you still explain it much better than all of us. Oh, thank you. Thank you very much. Well, I learned how to explain it because I learned how to teach people that didn't know what was happening once it went to the ground. Right. Yeah. Because in the beginning nobody understood the ground game. Exactly. You know, and I'm a black belt in Jiujitsu, so when it goes to the ground, I under I I can explain what's happening.


Very specific. Yes. You're very Specific. Well, you have to be specific. 'cause pe some people don't know, like sometimes I'll be watching with my wife at home, like we watch a fights that I'm not calling and she's like, what's going on? And I'd be like, his right arm is in trouble right now. Like, see, see what, see where his elbow is. Yeah. Now if he can get his elbow past this point, he's fucked. I'm like, okay, now he's fucked. And then I would, I would, I would explain it and I would, I would say now what he's gonna do, he is gonna take his right leg and he's gonna wrap it over the top. Oh, he's got it. Oh, he's got it. Okay. He's gonna cinch the left leg over the top. That's it. That's it. He's Fucked. You're the best. Yeah. But that's, it's just, I, it's, you can't Say you love it Passion. Yeah. Either you love it or you don't love it. Yeah. And if you don't love it, you can't pretend it won't work. No one's gonna believe you.


Like if you're just a regular sports guy, say like you call hockey and they hire you, you're gonna learn about MMA and you're gonna call MMA Come on, come on. Yeah. There's no, you're not gonna be able to do it. Right, of course. Because you gotta do it like you, like if I was calling hockey, I'm like, yay, this fucking puck went in the net. Woo. I Don't give a shit. Yeah. I don't give a shit. If the puck goes in the net, it doesn't mean anything to me. Yeah. But when someone gets your a fucking neck. Yeah. Fucking shit shot. And You can see the guys, you gotta tap. He tap that, that to me is life. That's everything that is like, it's not just winning. You're not just winning you. You killed that Guy. We can say that. I promise you. Yes. We can see your passion every time. Like even right now I'm here.


I feel your passion. Oh yeah. So, like I say it, I feel your, your passion. Like you passionate about what you think. And that's something that I, I admire people like you. Well, I wouldn't do it if I didn't feel that way. I don't have to do it. Yeah. I don't do it for money, I just do it. I mean, this is the only person I work for is the UFC. Everything else I do for myself, everything. I work for myself. Yeah. I'm self-employed except for the UFC, but I've been working for them for 20 fucking three years. Yeah. 23 years. 23 years. Yeah. And then before that, I did it two years before that. So it's 25 years total. And, and when was the, the moment, maybe I'm going like too deep, but I, I wanted to ask you this. Like, when was the moment when you feel like I'm succeed in life?


I feel that I'm, I'm having a success. And what's for you actually success? Like how do you describe it? Well, I guess the moments when I didn't worry about success anymore. I don't think about success. I think about what do I enjoy doing and am I doing it the best that I can do it? That's what I think about. I don't think, oh, I'm going to make more money. Oh, I'm gonna do this and now I wanna do, I want this goal and that goal. I'm a process oriented person. I think about the process of what I'm doing and then the results come. So I think like, what am I doing? Am I doing it the best that I can do it? And if I'm not, I better, I better either quit if I don't wanna do it anymore.


If I'm like, that's why I stopped fighting. I was, there was no money in fighting when I was fighting. There was no money. There was no UFC and I was just getting brain damage for no reason. And it really was, I was sparring and having fucking headaches every night. And I was like, what am I doing with my life? And then I would also meet guys in the gym that were punch drunk and they, those guys scared the shit outta me. It was, back then everybody was stupid too. And like in, you know, this is 1989. Everybody was stupid. They just beat the fuck out of each other. They didn't, there was no like sparring, you know, like technical sparring. It was just wars. Yeah. It was just fights. Always fights. Got You. And there was no future. And I, It's still like that in, in some gyms. Yeah. A lot Of gyms. A lot of gyms.


You know, some gyms are intelligent, But that has a lot of gyms that are stupid. I I don't use to spar at all. Really? Yeah. I don't spar only in training camps. But I see you spar in training camps. Yeah. So it's only in training camps. Only in training camps. So when you're not in camp, what do you do? I do like, as I told you, Hispanics maybe in boxing. But before I used to go like more crazy than now before because before I had like more ego. I had, I, I wanted to prove myself. Like, I can knock you out. I can submit you. Right. I can do this. And like once, like you, you, you, you winning fights, you growing as a person.


You're like, I don't need to prove anything here in, in, in the gym. I know what I'm able to do. And the competition is the day when I have to fight the fight. That's the day when I'm, when I'm get paid and, and that's it. I'm not gonna gonna dam damage anyone no more. Because sometimes you knock people out and then you go back home and you feel bad. Yeah. You, you you are like, yeah, I could not doing it right. And he's suffering right now. I sent so much people to the hospital, so much people to the hospital. I'm sure I've seen a few videos, Eyes opened. Yeah. So much damage that right now I'm like, no, no, no.


Sometimes people comes to me like, let's par. I'm like, I recommend you to No, I recommend you to not. Yeah. That's good advice. Yeah. It's interesting, right? It's like the, your ego can help you because your ego is what makes you want to be great. But at a certain point in time you gotta put a leash on it. Yeah. You gotta say not not right now, motherfucker. Not right now. When I let you go, when I say sick him, then I'm gonna let you off that leash percent. But not right now. And like that's Marcelo Garcia always used to say that about Jiujitsu, that you have to open up your game in the gym and don't be afraid of it being tapped. You goes, you gotta be open, you gotta take chances in the gym and learn and put yourself in bad positions on purpose and, and you might lose training sessions.


But that's not what's important. What's important is growing. I see a lot of guys struggling with that. Like they don't wanna lose in training. Right. And I'm like, Well a lot of guys never develop a guard 'cause they never wanna be on their back. There's a lot of guys like that. They have no fucking guard, no fucking boy. Which is crazy. It's crazy. There's black belts out there that they get 'em on their back. They look like a turtle Because they don't want to lose. Exactly. They don't, they don't know how to have to lose. Like if you top out no problem, you get better. Like yes. How I don't put myself in this position, But that's the fascinating dance of the mind that allows someone to become a champion versus someone to become just a good fighter.


Like whether you can figure that out. Like when to put your ego on a leash and when to be able to look at yourself objectively, like what you're doing with separating all of your disciplines, I think is very important. I think that's a, a very interesting way that you put it. 'cause I think it's a very intelligent way to approach it. Like get very good at your boxing, get very good at your Muay Thai, get very good at your jiujitsu, but do it different. Do it separately. I like every week, every Sunday I sit down and I do my schedule by myself. Like I'm, I'm on Monday, I'm gonna do boxing a day from this hour to this, then I'm gonna do afternoon two. And how do you decide what you're gonna do And when? It depends of how I feel, what I want to, what I want do What do you wanna work on?


Yeah. What I, and, and what I wanna work on and what I feel like I have to develop something. What I wanna do. What's, what do I feel in reality? It's not like all the time I'm gonna do this because I have to do it. No, I don't have to do anything. I choose to do it because I enjoy it. Every time I go to training, I enjoy it. I don't do it because I feel forced sometimes in training camp, yes, I feel forced because I feel tired. I don't have food in my body. I don't have any energy and I have to do it because I'm forced. But outside the training camp, I enjoy it. Even if I retire tomorrow, I would keep training like that because that's something that I enjoy.


And you said something very interesting before that like right now I'm in, in, in the moment of my life where everything I do, I do it because I enjoy it. I don't do anything be to make anyone's hap anyone happy. I don't live a life dreaming to have another one. I just enjoy the moment I'm living right now. That's so important. That is so important. It's so important to, to be, be satisfied with your life. So important to just, just live in the moment. It's so hard for people to do. It's so hard for hard people to do hard. Especially if you fucked off too many times.


You just like made too many mistakes And it slacked off and lazy. And It is the best moment we have right now. Right Now. This is It. This is the best moment. Yeah. This is who we are. Yeah, it is. It is. No one knows what's gonna happen tomorrow. So. And you know what's really important, hearing a guy like you say this, hearing a guy like you say this to, to young people out there that are listening, they're just not sure like how to approach life. Because the way you think about life and the way you decide to approach life can change your, the whole direction of your future. A hundred percent. A hundred percent. And so a young guy is probably listening g guaranteed. There are people, not just one.


Many young people are listening to you talk right now. I'm sure there's many people come to you like Joe, tell me the secret. Yeah. There are no secret, there's no bottom for the elevator. Exactly. Like everything in life, you get step by step, the slowest, the fastest way to get to where you want to be. I was talking to David Goggins about that. You know David Goggins is Yeah, of course. Yeah. Fucking maniac. David Goggins said there's no finish line. He's like, it never ends or it never ends. It never ends. You never make it. You ever feel like you make it. I'm like, you never make it. There's no making it. It's bullshit. One day of course you don't think about it anymore and you just, every day you're just trying to get better. Of course. And if you don't feel like that, it's not fun.


If you're not really trying to do something difficult and aspire to greatness and just trying to do your best all the time, you don't have satisfaction in your life. A hundred percent and everything. Some people think that like you accomplish something and that's gonna make you happy. Right. That's a bullshit. Well you know, I think also there's the poison of social media because social media poisons people to think that one day I am gonna make it and I'm gonna be like Conor McGregor driving my yacht around. Like, those videos are so bad for you. Those videos of people like, Look at me, look at my watch. Look at my diamonds. Look at this. Look at my house. Look at this. Look at these girls.


Don't you wish you were Me? I percent, it's bullshit. Everyone is showing you the best part of their life. Yeah. Every no one is gonna show you how they are struggling, the problems they are facing on the, on a daily basis. I mean like Exactly. No one's gonna show you that. Exactly. No one's gonna show you. Look, I have a pimple here in my face. No, I'm gonna use a filter to Yeah. Hide that. Yeah. That's, it's not good. It's not good for young people, that's for sure. Because they aspir to all the wrong things. You asked young people today whether they want, most of them just wanna be famous. They want to be famous and they think that money makes them rich. And your skills make you rich. Not the money. Right. If you don't have the skills and you don't have the mindset, you're gonna keep poor all the time.


Not only that, you're not gonna have the satisfaction of knowing you got really good at something. No one, there's something about getting really good at something that gives you a deep satisfaction that's not available anywhere else. If you just win the lottery, those are the most depressed people in the world. They all go broke, they win the lottery and then everybody wants money from them and then they feel empty and hollow and they don't know what to do with themselves. And now they don't have any goals. 'cause they have a hundred million dollars in the bank. They don't know what the fuck to do. Yeah. But in reality, they don't have any ability. They don't have nothing to enjoy with. Right. I say that success comes from not worrying about money. Success doesn't come from making a lot of money. Success comes from now. I don't have to think about that.


Money's not the thing. Now I think about what am I doing? What am I doing? I want to be the best parent I can be. I want to be the best friend that I can be. I want to be everything I do, I wanna do it to the best of my abilities. Yeah. Becoming the best person you could Be. Yeah. The best person you could be that, that's when I was a kid, my martial arts instructor told me this, that I'll never forget. And I say it all the time, martial arts are a vehicle for developing your human potential. Through that struggle, through that difficult thing. You will learn how to be better at everything. A hundred percent. A hundred percent. A hundred percent. That's, that's what love that I think life is about. And that's why martial arts are so exciting to me. You know, people think, oh, you like violence like this?


Like that's not it. Like that's why I don't like slap fighting. No, I think it's stupid. You stand in front of each other, smack each other in the head. I wanna see a guy enter into a cage fully prepared with skills against another guy. Fully prepared with skills. Of course. I always de describe martial arts, mixed martial arts in particular as high level problem solving with dire physical consequences. Hmm. That's what it is, it's problem solving with dire physical consequences. Yeah. That's so cool. Yeah, That's what it is. People, most of them, they didn't understand what's behind a fighting game. It's not like only violence. You have to prepare yourself. You have to be smart.


You have to be, you have to work smart, smarter than the the other guy, you, you, you're gonna face. There's so much factors that it's gonna play out that, that there's so much sacrifices that someone has to make before getting in, in inside that octagon. It's not only fighting, it's more than that. I don't know. I don't, it's, I love that. Yeah. I know most of the people before they used to see fighting as something very violent in, in Spain, they hate it Right now it's becoming bigger and bigger and bigger and they're starting to love that.


And I, and I saw that since the day I started because I used to say to the people like 10 years ago in Spain, what you doing? I'm fighting. Ah, don't do that. Start learning something, start studying. I'm like, I'm studying everyone. Choose a a, a career in his life. Someone wants to be a doctor, someone wants to be a construction. Yeah. And someone wants to be this or that. I wanna be a fighter. Yeah. And I have to learn to be a fighter also. But by your example, by being a true champion and by living the way you live and by performing the way you perform, you will change people's opinions and they will see it and they'll say, oh, this is different.


This is not what I thought it was. I hope so. This is something special. I hope so. For sure brother. For sure. Man. It's in the cards. Well, listen my friend, thank you very much for being here. I appreciate you very much. I'm a big fan and I can't wait to see you inside the octagon again. And all the best, Joe. Thank you very much bro. It's been a big pleasure for you. Thank you very much. Alright, bye everybody. Bye.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Tax season is always stressful. You have to worry about filing on time, making sure you have all the right documents and getting all the deductions you possibly can. It's overwhelming. And by now, I know we're all sick of looking at numbers, but here's an important one that you should hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much money in refunds the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Here's another 20%. That's the overall increase in identity theft related tax fraud in 2024 alone. So luckily it isn't all bad news. Here's the good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLocks US based restoration specialists will fix it. That's backed by another good number. The million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face identity theft and financial losses alone. There's strength in numbers with LifeLock identity theft protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use the promo code JRE or go to lifelock.com/jre for 40% off terms apply.