(2s):
Joe Rogan podcast, Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by day Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. What's up? What's up? What's up? That Good to see you my friend? See what is the chain? What does that chain, what does that stand for? And Gabe, this is my fight wear brand. Asheville Castro started this. Oh, he was one of the, I'll say this, he was one of the only guys who fuck with me before I really like blew up. So when I was fighting in China and I lost to Alex, they stopped giving me fights. And I had, I think at the time I was the highest paid foreign fighter in China at the time.

(42s):
Probably not now anymore. But then they stopped giving me fights. And I was like, look, I have seven more fights on my contract. Can I at least just get three? I just need three. 'cause money was running out, You know, the money I had saved up. And then, yeah, I was down to my last one day like $500 and Eugene was holding pads for me. 'cause see something was up and I just said, bro, I'm, I'm about to be broke this and that. Right, right, right. And he said, don't worry, just leave it with me. I get home, I think I, I was on the toilet and he just goes, check your bank account. And I'm sitting there just like start crying and I call him, he is like, nah, don't thank me, thank Ash who started engage. And I call Ash, I'm taking the shit and I'm just like, Thank you. Thank you so Much.

(1m 23s):
Like honestly just in tears. 'cause You know, I mean I've been there like nothing and had everything and nothing again. So for me, yeah, he's always been the guy that's been in my corner and me and Alex Volinski now we, You know, we've helped raise the brand. So we own part of the company. So yeah, I like to wrap the set. Oh that's cool. Yeah. Nice, nice. And I think we engage also was last final three when they had the whole Reebok fiasco. It was Venom Engage and someone else, I can't remember who else. So we didn't get the the gig but it would've been nice though. Oh, the UFC gig. Yeah. Yeah. Engaged fight kits for the fighters. But now it's Venom Fight kits. Yeah, the whole fight kit thing is weird.

(2m 3s):
I really preferred it when fighters could have sponsors Condom Depot on the back of your shorts. I don't like that. I mean they should probably have some discretion. I did Like it though. And I do like the fact now, like the last fight I had, hunter hit me up way before any gold gloves or anything says Izzy, we're gonna do this for certain fighters. What design would You like on your shorts? And I was like, bet. And I hit up Curtis who works with Engaged, does a lot of the designs and I told him what I wanted and then he just did some custom stuff and I sent a few to Hunter. And then boom, I got my shorts, the lightning. And I quite like that. I like expression. That's one thing I do miss about boxing or kickboxing is the expression on the Mon Kong.

(2m 44s):
The arm bands, the shorts. Like Jonathan Haggerty, like he has cool shorts with golden like bows on the side. Yeah, I, I like that. It's Cool. I do too. Yeah, it's expression. I don't like everybody has to wear the same shit. I think maybe the UFC at the time they wanted to be taken seriously in a sense. So we had to like professional sports. But nah, I think we're all different independent contractors and we have different styles. So I'm glad now they've brought out for certain fighters like O'Malley and his pink shorts. Bryce Mitchell is camo shorts. Yeah. You know, let us express ourselves. We artists. I like that. But I wish fighters had the ability to advertise. Oh, big time. Yeah. That's, that's big.

(3m 24s):
Sponsors on your shorts is a lot of money. Yeah. Like Sha was making more money from the sponsors than he was from his fight. Pers Yeah, I agree. And there's a way to bring it back I'm sure. But even now 'cause they've got some, you get, you get some kickbacks, but it's better if you can just plastic condom depo and get a hundred grand on the back of your Shorts. How much does condom depo pay people? I don even know. But I used to think it was funny and the fact That was on the, it was funny on the, on the, on the back of the shorts. I'm like, that's placement advertising. I just feel like, You know, if they, they didn't like some 'cause it didn't represent the sport like Condom Depot, like then just fucking, yeah. You know, have a list of ones that you agree to. That's actually a good idea. Like say approve sponsors.

(4m 4s):
Okay. Yeah. These guys or maybe they go through a check first. Right. You want to maybe advertise on a fighter shorts. You have to go through this rigorous check. What's your company, You know, what do you guys sell? Right. Ride, ride, ride. And then yeah, pla it on the shorts, get some money 'cause But I do Like it when boxers wear cool shorts. Yeah. You know, they wear whatever the fuck they want. Yeah. Like I love the when Melvin man ho wear those Skirt, the gladiator ones. Skirts. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. He was a badass. I like tassel though. That's me. One of my shorts. I always like tassels. 'cause when you kick the way they shimmer the way they look and it just, yeah. It makes for cool picks. Yeah. Yeah. There's a, that meaning that's just one of the things about the UFC, just they, they want everything to be uniform. Yeah. Organized.

(4m 43s):
But again, like now at the at for certain fighters, they're changing it, which is good. But hopefully that trickles down. I don't Feel like anybody should be wearing shorts and grappling. I feel like the tights the temptation for Yeah. Tights. Temptation for grabbing is just too much. Yeah. And it does happen. Yeah. I've seen it. It's, it happened to me even with the, what's his name? Brunson and the, and the Brunson. He grabbed my tights and I was like, yo, that's two times we've done it now. So it is tempting, but I think tights would be the best way to fight. But again, some guys like have cool shorts and if the, if, if that's their style, that's their style. Right. 'cause some people, I guess maybe their body type, maybe they got no ass, they don't wanna be, But I got something back there. But like, I don know a guy, like I don't drop no names but like, You know, wearing tights, you look like a fucking Right.

(5m 28s):
A stick or something. Yeah. Yeah. You Look a little flat. Yeah. Yeah. That's what it is though. Yeah. It is what it is. I mean there's a lot of room for expression. It's, it's interesting to watch like all the different styles that people promote themselves as well. You know, like there's so many different ways now. And then there's guys like Alex who You know, he doesn't even speak English. Mm. And he is risen to the top just based on performance. But even the fact that he doesn't speak English, that's also his superpower. Just Shama. Right. What do you think about that fight this Weekend? I can't wait. I just did the breakdown for it. We're about to drop it on YouTube now I am picking in this fight Alex.

(6m 8s):
'cause I just think the momentum behind

(6m 11s):
This episode is brought to you by the farmer's dog. We all want to do the best for our dogs, but there's a lot of mixed messaging out there. Take kibble for example. You don't have to do too much digging to learn that kibble is actually ultra processed. That aside their vague serving suggestions make it very difficult for your dog to sustain a healthy weight. Now there's a better option. The farmer's dog is healthy food made with real meat and vegetables by people who care about what goes into your dog's. Body board certified nutritionist develop their recipes to be complete and balanced. Making their food to the same safety standards as human food. It's lightly cooked to retain vital nutrients and then pre-portioned to suit your dog's needs. All this helps your dog reach and maintain their ideal weight. One of the biggest predictors of a longer, healthier life, try the Farmer's dog today you can get 50% off your first box of healthy freshly made food at the farmer's dog.com/rogan. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to the Farmer dog.com/rogan. This offer is for new customers only.

(7m 20s):
This episode is brought to you by Den of Thieves two Pantera. You love the Action Heist Den of Thieves and now it's back with a sequel that cranks it up a notch. Gerard Butler and O'Shea Jackson Jr. Are returning to the franchise. But here's the Twist Butler's cop character, he's flipping the script and joining the heist. That's right. The cop goes gangster And I can't wait to see the chaos unfold. See Deni Thieves two Pantera only in theaters January 10th.

(7m 50s):
I him right now is so big he's just got momentum. Look, I was the most active champion in UFC history and I think Lex next to Alex Volinski as well. He was right up there with me or if not more than me. I think Alex now is on his way to being the most active champion in UFC history. 'cause he's already saved this year, I think two or three cards alone. And he's like stepped in, be like, yeah, Sharma just does it jump in. And he fights fucked up. He fights injured. Mm Apparently Really? His knee was really fucked up in the first Yuri Prohaska fight. Oh wow. You know when he stopped Yuri and then he set, he did like a forward roll off the ear. Yeah. Yeah. He said he did that because he didn't trust standing on his right knee.

(8m 30s):
Oh wow. Momentum. Yeah, his knee was fucked up so sure he didn't Like it was fucked up in training camp And so when he stepped off of him, he just decided to roll forward instead of putting weight on his right knee. That's Smart. That's on pop horse shit. But again, it's, that's, that's what you have to do. You look when you get in the UFC, this is what I did as well. He did it the the right way. Fight as much as possible. Fight as much as possible so you can be in people's faces so they can see that guy just fought. That guy just fought. Oh I just saw him fight last month. And you fight as much as you can and you get that momentum behind you and then you become champion. You're that guy. And then again you just, that momentum constantly. You're in people's faces. You're getting posted here here.

(9m 10s):
And that's how you build a stock up. So I've done that and he's doing it the right way as well. And I think if he keeps going, But I hope he retires never again defeated by anyone ever again. Just you. Hey. And The way you did it too. Oh my God, That was one of the greatest celebrations of all time. Yeah. It just, look, it's, it's, it's the story behind it. It no matter what. Yeah, it's just the history. 'cause David even mentioned to me, my brother said like, You know, you're the only one that can actually stand with that guy. Like no one's lasted more than two rounds or even around with him. And I thought about it during the breakdown like yeah you're right. And it's 'cause I knew him. I've fought that guy so many times and regardless of what happened, I lost three times and I finally won one.

(9m 52s):
It was just the fact that I knew I could beat him every time I fought him I was just like I was, I was beating him and me. I Thought you won the first one. I felt so too. But then that's, You know, the Chinese judges, That's the kickboxing. The kickboxing fight. They gave it to him. And then the second fight in Brazil under the same company that he gets me. But again, I was besting him, had him on skates, he was fucking, and then he bro his spirit. You know what Jerry said about the whole juju thing? Like that's real. That's real. Yeah. So the, the last time I fought him in Miami, look he beats me. That's why I hate when people say, oh is he scared? He's scared. It's like, bro, I ain't scared of shit. The guy beat me in the biggest arena on the planet Madison Square Garden.

(10m 32s):
Same way as the last time he beat me in Brazil in his hometown. I was beating his ass, had him hurt in the end of the first round, all that shit took him down and then he gets me in the last round. It's his spirit, his whatever, like ancestors or his people that are praying for him. 'cause I got prayer warriors as well. My mom and dad be fasting and they have people like in the spirit praying for me. But like the way he carries himself, something about him just he knows how to recover well. So I just knew I could get him, I could get him. And then after that he knocks me on the biggest arena in the world and I'm just like, let's do that shit again Dana. Because I just knew, I was like, I can get him. And then that camp I was so I went to a different place and That was the one I kind of mentioned.

(11m 15s):
I I microdosed A little bit or macro dosed a lot. And like I always say this, the showers the most interesting place on the planet I feel. 'cause you have the element of water running over your body, stripped naked in your bare essentials. You kind of have this, if it's a white shower, You like a void white space. I can create a lot in there. I can make a lot of things happen. And yeah, one time after one of my showers I just wrote this thing on my mirror 'cause I just had this premonition like this is where I get it done. Like there's no way you could beat me one time. You could beat me two times, you might beat me three times. But I was like nah this guy's not gonna beat, beat me this time. And I just knew I had to get this done and the way it happened as well.

(11m 58s):
'cause first round I think I won and the second round I was winning. But then that fucking leg kick bro, You know what it is? You look at his foot, you look at this bit of his foot, It's like a hammer, You know like a like the like the back of a hammer. A hammer. Like a ball pan. It is. 'cause that's what he kicks you with as well. So he doesn't have to, excuse me, he doesn't have to turn the hip over. Right. And then when he hits you with that even 'cause he's bone density long legs and he hits you with that, you just feel it like, ooh that's bad. And it's a, it's a different feeling 'cause I've been kicked by kick boxes all my life on the thigh, on the calf as well. But when he hits you with that bit, it's just the surface area so small but it tra it travels and transfers through your whole calf and you're like, oh I can't put weight on this.

(12m 44s):
It's So interesting too how he keeps his body completely square. Whoa. And he doesn't even really turn the hips. Yeah That's And so it's so Sneaky he doesn't have to because he's got so much bone density, so much whip from that little and yeah it's dangerous and I think that's gonna be a problem this weekend for Khalil. But I don't know why Chel says he he did you hear about What Cha said? Yeah, cha said he thinks Khalil's gonna knock him out. That's possible But I just don't think he's, it's possible But I don't think he's gonna get it done. 'cause all it takes is one from either side. But I just think Pereira right now has just got that momentum behind him and the frame.

(13m 25s):
'cause he is going to just avoid the shots Khalil's throwing 'cause he just got the long frame. He'll get out right out the way. And I don't think Khal has the reach to mess with him like that. So he might have to get inside. But yeah, we'll see this is why paper can't fight paper. They have to get in there and fight. Yeah. So we'll find out. It's Very interesting 'cause Khalil so fast and Khalil's had experience with high level Kickboxers when he knocked out Go Kasa. That was a big one. Yeah. You know That was a big one And That was like early on where everybody was like, oh shit go kaki. He's finally in the U ffc and then boom Khalil just takes him out. Yeah, Khalil's fast. He hits fucking hard and he throws like that. The thing that he did with Lionheart, he throws that off speed shit sometimes he'll he give you a little of this thing and then he jolts in on you.

(14m 7s):
Yeah that off speed uppercut was nasty. It's the looks. Yeah. It's like I'm here, I'm almost Prince Nasim esque but different just like looking, looking bang. But again he's just violent. Like when he smells blood he just goes in. Yeah like I said, he beats You like you owe him money or something. Yeah. He's on you. He's on you. Yeah. Very violent. But again, I think Khalil, for him to win this fight, he just has to believe in himself. And that sounds real cheesy but believe in himself also he as a south poor, I didn't think about that. Right. I actually forgot about that till David mentioned it before. But he's a South Southport so, But I'm sure Alex and his team know how to deal with it. But I understand how Alex deals with Southpaws as well 'cause I can fight him both ways And I know what he, when he, when you give him that front leg and he knows he can get it, he gets more confident.

(14m 52s):
But if you're a Southport, he finds other ways to keep you at bay till he can get that leg. Yeah. It's gonna be interesting to see like right away how Khalil deals with the distance and how Alex deals with the speed. 'cause the thing is like Alex can be hit, You know, and Bruno Silva tagged him a few times. You took him out. I think the 85 thing was the, I think the drain for him to make 85 was insanity. I think it was ins insane. He's so fucking Big. He still, he's he still he's he still can. Yeah but look it only works until you get knocked out and it's like all right bet and let's go to 2 0 5. And I said look, all these 180 5 ERs should thank me man. They honestly, I tell thank me. Yeah 'cause he a lot of the top guys didn't have to fight him.

(15m 35s):
He fought. Okay. Who did he fight? Strickland. Strickland. That was one of the only top guys he fought beat him and then he, I think he got a shot at me next pretty much. But yeah, fucking Rob Driggers all them. 'cause it's not about just fighting him getting ready to fight him is a different thing. But I had to do it fucking four times. So I understand. I have a different History with him. What's different about getting ready to fight him? For me getting ready to fight him. You just know you're gonna be in for a war. You know, it's not gonna be an easy fight. Same for him. He knows when he has to fight me, it's like fuck. It's not a easy fight 'cause he knows what I can do to him. But for me as well, I was just like, fuck, okay, let's go again and again, it's not like, 'cause I feel that way with certain people but with him it's just a different feeling I guess.

(16m 15s):
'cause he beat me. That's another thing 'cause it and I was like, man, I gotta fucking face this demon again. Alright bet let's face my demons and then I get myself up to fight him. But it's, it's just getting ready to fight him. It's just the, the hurdle I think maybe just 'cause of the history. That's why for me I felt that way 'cause of the history. 'cause to fight someone who's beaten you multiple times, it's like, and You know you can beat them in your heart. You just know. But again, that's the beauty of the story, right? You had come so close a couple of times every time. So, and then even in the first fight in the UFC, so close at the end of that first round, like you had him if There was 30 seconds left in the fight or in the round 10. Yeah, 10 seconds left. But again, that's the beauty of the story. 'cause then he waited till the fifth round or got to the fifth round. He's just like did his fucking juju whatever thing.

(16m 57s):
And then fucking, he just had this energy and he came at me and then my leg was compromised from the leg kick 'cause my, the peroneal nerve or whatever and I couldn't do anything. So yeah, but look, I love that story for myself and I'm happy. And people still go, oh we need the third one. I'm like, look, I do it again. I, I fucking knock him out. Well, oh no, okay, no it's three two, we go to best outta seven. Right. I'm not fighting for anyone else. I only have so much left in this game. I'm not gonna spend this game fighting one Guy. Exactly. Over and over and Over again. I got, I, I don't know how long left But I just know I'm definitely on the other side of my career. So I want to get these fights out the way and now I'm not champ anymore in the UFC. So I just get, I'm in this situation where, what do I do?

(17m 41s):
I know I wanna fight though 'cause I took 11 months off and I let my body heal and all that and I felt great. So now I want to get back to being active. Not as active as I was in the beginning maybe. But I want to be active and I still feel great from the last camp. Did some testing about three weeks ago, find out where We were at. I was about where I was before this last fight four weeks out. So it's like okay cool, we're still good. Let's build off that. So we, I wanna fight again. How Much of an effect did taking 11 months off of? I think it was more good than bad. I know some people say ring rust or this and that and I'm like nah. I felt good in there. I felt good in there. And it was only when I watched the fight back, I saw a couple of mistakes I made even on the feet where I was like, Ooh, don't do that again.

(18m 27s):
Just with my feet work my exits. Even David said you got sloppy exits. I was like, yeah, my bad. But yeah that and then the moment at the end when I slipped and I just, the laps in judgment when I was just letting him know it was me tripping those kind of moments. Maybe if I was as active it, it wouldn't have happened. But who knows will never know. But I am happy with how I performed. I was happy with the shape. I came in, I came in really good shape and what's his name? Bill? This guy, he did the numbers for me. He said this is the most active I've been in any fight by far in my UFC career. He crunched the numbers up and said my strike per minute rate or whatever, all your nerds figure it out.

(19m 10s):
You can do your own. But yeah, he bill smart. He's this guy who helps me out. Me now with my strength. He, yeah. Did the numbers and said this is the most active you were. So we can do some things different, put A little bit more gas in the tank, things like that. And then just stay active like that. It was good. And I had fun in there. I had fun just exchanging. Yeah. I wanted to ask you about that. Like the gas in the tank thing. 'cause this is a, there's a philosophy that Marv Marinovich and Nick Rson, some of these guys have BJ Penn's coaches. Yeah, I remember them. So what they wanted BJ to do, when BJ was in his prime, essentially the, the camp was entirely based around strength and conditioning. So it was all conditioning to give you this insane gas tank.

(19m 52s):
Their philosophy is, You know how to fight. You've been fighting your whole life. You're not gonna get better at fighting in six weeks. But what you can get is insane cardio. If you only concentrate on that and it, they don't, their, their thought process is that is the most important thing. That is the thing that fails you the most in fights. That's the thing that keeps you from hitting the gas, keeps you from doing the things you want to do. Keeps you from being able to scramble out of positions, keeps you. But if you can, instead of all this fight specific training, like put that aside and just give yourself the most fucking insane gas tank humanly possible. And then fight. And then the margins, the things, the times when you're going to need it.

(20m 33s):
Like your skill level is already elite world championship skill level. It's not gonna deteriorate because your cardio gets better in six to eight weeks. But what you can do is give yourself this insane base of cardio. So in those moments when you need to hit the gas, you can. Yeah I And that's what they did for BJ when BJ was at his best. Yeah, I think the best I saw BJ from watching him especially live, he was training with them U FFC 1 0 7. Yeah, I think Diego Sanchez, he looked like a yes demon in their fight. Exactly. Unbelievable gas tank and insane confidence to Keep it even Like it was fucking abs all that. Yep, I agree. Definitely you can always sharpen the tools, You know, keep it sharp. But again, for when you are in a camp, it's just about getting fit and yeah, there's some things we can tweak so that way we can keep that output.

(21m 21s):
'cause when you get fatigued is when you lose your, your your lapse in judgment. You could your reflexes as well. Things like that just start to like go down. Were you feeling fatigued in the last round with tricks? I didn't. I don't think so. There was one point in the third round where me and him, we really put it on and we kind of had this like low key agreement. Like okay, you are fucked, I'm fucked, let's chill for A little Bit. And Then I think round four I came out like cool, bam, bam, bam. And I did that sprawl on him. But again, he's so stubborn 'cause I sprawled on him. Like I literally, he shot, I sprawled and my hips hit the back of his head into the mat.

(22m 1s):
Might have rocked him, I don't know. And then what's his name? Mark God's like get up and he's on one knee and, and then when he was like, get up and he finally decided to get up slowly and I tried to attack him. He just threw but not to try and hit me. He just threw just to stop my momentum, You know, stop me from coming at him. And yeah, he's a guy that just strong will strong will like yeah I can respect that. Physically strong too. Yeah. Not as strong as I thought it would be. Probably 'cause I felt strong as well. Like I packed on some, some muscle for that fight. Preparing for those kind of grueling exchanges. Yeah. But even just for me, myself, I just wanted to feel strong. So me and my boy ab we yeah. Put on some muscle for that fight.

(22m 42s):
And then having Matt actually making good food for me for the first time ever. 'cause I got this far off. Just whatever I wanted to eat, You know, Uber eats, I eat. Yeah, We were talking about that when we went to Terry Black's barbecue. Yeah. Today. Yeah. This is The worst thing to eat right before our podcast. You're like, oh. It's like I got the coffee now. I'm like, yeah, let's go Out. We pig out. But honestly for me, having those kind of, 'cause I'm not 23 anymore. 24, right. My body doesn't metabolize food and You know, the way it used to. So I have to, I have to think about it like Israel, be smart. Understand your body's getting older. No, I don't feel older though. That's the thing.

(23m 22s):
When I was young I thought 34 I'm done with this game. Then I'm like, I'm old. But That was when I was 24. But now that I'm here I'm like, ah, could still squeeze a lot out of this. Can still squeeze a lot out of this. So we are, and the whole thing, did You ever use hyperbaric chamber? Nah, not yet. We don't, I don't know if we have that in Auckland. Probably do. Dude, I did a, a whole series when I first first moved to Austin, I did the whole series. 'cause there's this protocol, I think it was an Israeli study that they did. Yeah. Where they showed that it lengthens telomeres. You do like 60 sessions over 90 days. And You know what they measure your biological age by the length of your telomeres. It puts 20 years on you.

(24m 4s):
Like, it, it, it decreases your age of your telomere by Tels like the DDNA strand or something. It's a well it's, yeah. What I don't wanna fuck this up. So what exactly are telomeres Layman terms? The, the way you measure someone's biological age is the length of the telomeres and through things like NMN Oh yeah. That thing. Yeah. Yeah. I got It right. Yeah. Smart. There it is. Telomeres are protein to DNA structures at the ends of the chromosomes that perform several important functions including protecting DNA promote, pro preserving chromosomal integrity. Telomeres help, help maintain the structure integrity of DNA during replication. It's the bit at the ends, right? Yeah. And as you get older they get shorter, smaller.

(24m 44s):
Yeah. And they get weaker and You know, so that's where I don where, Don't even know how I know this. I think it's just a real, I saw somewhere NAD shot. When people get NAD infusions, that helps that as well. I've been seeing that lately. Yeah. Like Bieber, the Kardashians getting I get those. Yeah. Yeah. But real With Briggs You can do it. Definitely do it with B Brigham. Okay. I I use another company, But I see. I see. But there's a lot of companies that do it. Okay. But you, is it UDA approved or is it one of them things? Yes. Yeah. It's us approved. You don't talk about that. I'll see you later on Briggs. Yeah. But the, the thing that does it just as well, maybe even better is hyperbaric chambers. And so hyperbaric chambers, you elevate it up to two Two, it's like two atmospheres.

(25m 25s):
So t twice our atmosphere. And then you have oxygen, you wear an oxygen mask and you sit in it for an hour and a half. Okay. And dude, you come out of that and you just like, woo. Like, what the fuck is going on? Like how Often do you do it? Do every day for six weeks. I've Been doing it a lot lately. Okay. Because I got one at the house. So I've been doing it quite a bit. But it's just a completely different way of recovering. I know, I, I found out about it for recovery when Uriah Faber fought Jose Aldo The leg. Yeah. His leg was fucking brutalized. I remember I saw Uriah was, Uriah was always ahead of the game and he was using hyperbaric chambers to help him recover. And so then I started looking into it and then I found out about this Israeli study and then I started seeing all the different ways that hyperbaric chambers can increase your recovery.

(26m 11s):
And You know, TJ DeShaw did a lot of that as well, I think. But it, it makes a, a big impact. They always do it. Like when you go down to CPI in Mexico. Yeah. When they do stem cells, they give people hyperbaric chamber or treatments as well. Okay. I'd have to look into that. So if I wanted to do it, I'd maybe do it say like, what, twice a week or something? Or once a week just To Yeah, something like that. And I don how long does it effect last for? That's a good question. Yeah. I mean it probably depends on the individual. Sure. But it just makes, anytime I have something wrong with me Yeah. I get in there. I just feel just better. And I bet you someone knows if they have one in Auckland now, they'll definitely hit me up and be like, Hey, I bet they do. Yeah, I'd like to try that. Yeah, I bet Auckland has it. It's time consuming.

(26m 51s):
You know, the whole experience is two hours 'cause it has to get up to pressure then it has to decompress. I see. And you're in there for 90 minutes. Yeah. So it's like 15 minutes getting up to pressure and then 15 minutes of decompressing at the very end. You bet. You bet. But that's, that's a great way to recover as well. Yeah. And there's, I feel like every, especially as you get older, every edge you can get sauna, cold plunge, hyperbaric ice, all that. Everything. Every edge you can get. Red light therapy. Yep. All that. That's where I'm at now. That's where I was this last camp. And I feel like even the one before that and the one before that, I just remember thinking like how can I, it was actually you Eugene. He said, how can you make this camp better and I'll always find something to do to make this camp better.

(27m 31s):
The next one. So that's like the last three camps. So this one I took it with the whole having breakfast, having a chef help me actually cook. That Was crazy that you used to train with no breakfast. Yeah. That's so crazy. So That was my way I guess then I found out about intermittent fasting and I realized, oh I've been doing that shit for years. Right. Like I was just doing it by I guess laziness or accident. But it actually helps though like wake up have two eggs or maybe he'll make sometimes like something with chia seed but normally eggs and a bacon piece or something and then she needs something. Yeah. Something to get something. Just the fuel. Yeah. Yeah. And even Jordy from fight dietician, he, he told me, yeah, you should definitely be having breakfast. 'cause he thought like you are crazy training the way you do train.

(28m 13s):
And some of my morning sessions as well will be grueling and then I'll go have breakfast. But I enjoyed it that way 'cause I felt like more, one thing is when I fight, fight day, my body doesn't want to eat. He'll make me like a nice plate of something delicious and my body's just like, nah. Every so fight day I still try and eat something. Maybe at least an egg. 'cause you'll have pancakes, eggs, whatever, bacon, an egg and A little bit of bacon. But my body just doesn't want to eat. 'cause it's Just, but you think if you force yourself to eat, that would be a good thing. Nah, No. So I just, yeah, I think DC said the same thing as well. One time he said he likes to fight hungry so that way he gets that edge. And I feel that way when it's fight day. But when it comes to training now I definitely like to have breakfast.

(28m 54s):
I like the way it feels. I can like now I've done it for a few months. I understand the, the benefits of it.

(29m 0s):
It's the most wonderful time of the year. We're getting in on all the hoops. Football and hockey action at DraftKings Sports book. In the season of giving, we're being gifted college football and basketball. Pro football and basketball and pro hockey too. Almost 24 7 money lines, parlays, props, live bets and so much more. The betting options feel endless on DraftKings. Best of all, it's safe, secure, and reliable with 24 7 support. And here's a gift for all new customers. Bet $5 to get $150 in bonus bets. If your bet wins, download the DraftKings sportsbook app and use code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets. If your bed wins when you bet just five bucks. Happy holidays from DraftKings, the crown is yours. If you or someone You know has a gambling problem, call the Virginia problem gambling helpline at 8 8 8 5 3 2 3521 and over Virginia only eligibility restrictions apply. Bet must win to receive reward bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio

(30m 1s):
of A healthy breakfast before you have a grooming training session. Yeah. It just gives you more gas. Yeah, More Energy. Al Joe said that when he fought PE Ya that he didn't eat First or second one first. Okay. And he said he felt like shit Or the deal of the fight. Yeah. Oh wow. He said, You know, I think the time of the fight I pushed back. I forget exactly what the reasoning was or he just forgot to eat or he just wasn't feeling it because he was the anxiety fighting for the title. You know, the whole deal. And he just felt it in the fight he just was wearing. And especially with a guy like Alro who cut so much weight. Yeah. You know, Alro is so a big boy. He was so big for 35. Yeah. I remember running into him, he was like 176 pounds was like what the fuck? How are you gonna make 1 35? He's so big.

(30m 41s):
He looks good at 1 45 at us three. Oh yeah. I Like it for Him. I was, I'm bummed out that that Moss var ewe fight fell out because That was Meant to be this weekend, right? Yeah. Yeah. That's a very in I al Joe is strong at 1 45. What did that fight fall out? What Happened? Alger got injured. Ah, see, Insane. Okay. He got injured and he thought he'd be able to work through it but couldn't. Yeah. And there's, You know, there's a point of diminishing returns with these weight cutting dudes where, and I think, You know, There'll be something like they've got the whole thing one with the high hydration clause. But thing is no matter what, people always gonna try and find a way. Yeah. They Always gonna try and find a way to sneak past the hydration test or something that they could use to pass it. But I don't know how that works.

(31m 22s):
I don't know how they test for it. It's never happened to me. But weight cutting. Even when I started fighting, people used to tell me, go down to what you one 70 for you guys. Oh my God. Hell no. How the fuck can you make one 70 back When I was skinny before, like I got really brawl like I was, maybe I could make maybe 80 kgs that's close to one 70. 'cause 1 70, 77 kgs. But lowest I ever go to was 80 as a, as a kickboxer. That was it. Yeah. One 70 I'd die. I I wouldn't even, 'cause I've seen some of these wake ups where g like Girls like Hamza. Oh Bro. Like when Hamza would make one seven. Oh even Cyborg. Oh yeah. You see her When she was in the, in the bath in the tub crying and shaking and olive vera when they go and they huddle around them.

(32m 5s):
It's a where You, where you Caught weight though. I'll say this thing for me when I cut weight, it's a spiritual experience. Sometimes it's a weird experience 'cause I've not just me, I've seen fighters who have not get delirious but start saying things that you wouldn't, they wouldn't normally say, not even in a bad way, but just the way they talk because You're close to death. Yeah. You See the light Saying isn like you really are close to death. Yeah. I mean it sounds ridiculous to say that. And for someone who doesn't understand what fighters are going through, you'd go, oh you're being hyperbolic but not really. Not really. You really are close to death. If you keep going for a few more hours, you'll Die. Yeah. Especially the, I mean like I've seen my weight cuts are normally pretty tame.

(32m 47s):
Not as bad. 'cause I think I'm perfect for 180 5. But the ones that I've seen guys lose a lot of weight the day off and I see them how they are and even when they go to the scale you see their face just, Yeah. You never look too destroyed. No. I always come in underweight as well. I always come in. What do You, what do you normally weigh? Like the week of a fight? Week of a fight. Mm. If I get to the fight location, say if they, when they weigh me, if I'm say 1 98, oh that's not 200. Oh yeah, that's easy for me. That's not bad. I'm like cool. That's normally what I'm at. That's just a few hard sauna sessions. Yeah. Boy. If not just the water loading. And then it is like, my body knows it's weird how my body does today.

(33m 29s):
My body's just Like, it just knows, okay, we're getting on the plane. Cool. You've done it before. It just knows. It's just like muscle memory. And I get to the fight location. My buddy's like, cool, we're doing this. And then the weight just starts to go. Did you notice a difference when they didn't allow IVs versus when they did allow IVs? I never used it. You never used it? I never used IVs. That's the thing. So, so You never cut weight enough where you were so depleted that you needed to get those bags In you? Nah, I fuck. I would've liked to but They say that's the best way to rehydrate the brain. Yeah. Because it takes how many hours if you do it orally, It takes a long time Yeah. To get the brain. And that's the affects Your chin you're Trying to protect Is your fucking not slushing around in your cream?

(34m 10s):
Yeah. Yeah. Because wait, what is it? Cerebral fluid, it's made of, it's, it's, well I'm guessing a lot of water. Right? There's a lot of water in there. Yeah. Yeah. And the, the rehydration of the brain apparently is the slowest. 'cause the blood brain barrier. Yeah. That's the slowest, You know, your, your body's, your muscles rehydrate fairly quickly. Yeah. But still, I, it just never makes sense to me that a person is like literally on the verge of death 24 hours before a cage fight. Let's go battle to the death and then you get head kicked in the fucking chin and Yeah, I don, I mean look, I do love this game and I think weight cuts is always gonna be a part of it right now. But who knows like, 'cause even now we have height differentials, like how are we gonna start discriminating against that?

(34m 52s):
Like okay, we only have height classes. Is that the next No, that doesn't make any sense. 'cause you got guys like DC that You know, even though he was not even barely six feet tall was heavyweight champion. Exactly. But he's a tank. Yeah. And he is the wrestling skills. I think that the way to do it really is to have more weight classes. I think when you have the big gaps, like 85 to 2 0 5 is 20 pounds. That's crazy. That's such a big ass gap. And then, You know, 2 0 5 if you wanna start fighting heavyweight and then you're dealing with guys like Francis who's a natural 2 65, that's such a gap. They should have the ones in between. Okay. They take it 10 Pounds, 1 65, 1 70, 1 75, 180, like that.

(35m 35s):
They Could do that. But I think that's maybe a little too much. I think 10 pounds. Yeah, 10 pounds is reasonable. Yeah. All the way up the board. 1 75, 65, 25, 35, 45, 55, 65, 75, 85, 95, 2 0 5 and then maybe 2 25 and then heavyweight. Super heavyweight. Yeah. Yeah. You have more cha. The whole thing of 2 65 being a limit for heavyweight to me is crazy. Too Silly because it's bigger boys out there. Right. Mark Hunt used to cut down to 2 65. Yeah. You know, crazy. Even Francis did as well. Yeah. If they did. I mean they can just, I think they talked about doing it. They talked about doing it recently, maybe last year I think they talked about adding more weight classes, but then I never heard anything about It. I know California was flirting with It.

(36m 15s):
Okay. Maybe that's what I saw. They, they should have it everywhere. There's too many too many gaps. They're too wide. Like there's too many tweeners. Yeah. You Know, too many guys that are too small to fight at one 70, but they really can't make 55 healthy. Mm. At least they took this shit out. Yeah. Finally they took finally. Yeah. Finally. Well Who, look, I, I always thought that that's like a group chat like decision. Just say, yo, this is a dumb rule, let's take it out. Boom. But why does it take so long? Is it 'cause the commission all over the United States or whatever have to get together or something? I Don't know. I don't understand how it take That seems like a, a common sense rule and especially anybody who understands the power of elbows. Yeah. Like this is not the most powerful elbow.

(36m 56s):
Nope. It's just not. Yeah. And so to, to deny that and to say that somehow or another that can't be blocked. Well that's crazy. Yeah. You, Because you could do that just as easy as you can do that. Yeah. You could block that elbow facts. Yeah. It doesn't, none of it makes any sense. There's a bunch of things that are unrealistic in my opinion. One of 'em is not being able to upkick from a downward position when a guy's on top of you. So if a guy's on top of you and you are on your back Yeah. And a guy has a knee down, you can't up kick that. Oh Yeah. That's silly. Yeah. Yeah. I get what you mean. That's silly. That doesn't make any sense. I think you should be able to up kick when you are flat on your back and he's on his knees. Yeah, you should. Because that's a real technique. If you have rubber guard like, or flexible hips or whatever, you can just bring your leg and boom.

(37m 38s):
Yeah. I think Anderson did that to someone who, did he do that to? Was it No, what's his name? You know, I think you should have caught me. Did he? Yeah. He got disqualified and not in the UFC. Oh Was that that in Rumble? In the rock, The rumble, the yellow cage. Mm. Yeah. So that, That was a good knockout. But then they they dis disqualified him. They disqualified him. Yeah. Yeah. That technique, like if you are in a guy's guard and that guy can elbow you in the face, punch you in the face, why can't he kick you in the face? He should be able to lean back and up kick you and it would make the guard way more effective, dangerous. And it's also more real. Here it Is right here. This one. Yeah. Boom. Boom. Oh Shit. That was a good knockout. That's a beautiful knockout. That, that should be 100% legal.

(38m 19s):
Look at the hip Dexterity. Yeah. Look at it like the way he just brought that back. Boom boom. That's aax. Yeah. Like a axe kick from the outside I think. Yeah. You know what? You're right. That's 100% a good technique. Yeah. It should be legal and you should be avoiding that if you're on top. Yeah. Top is an advantageous position. Anything the guy that can do on bottom that is real for like a real fight should be allowed. Yeah. It's not like you're cemented in this position. No. Like the idea of like not allowing soccer kicks to a downed opponent. Yeah. What I think about that is the cage. I think if you're pressed up against a cage, if someone can stomp you or soccer kick you, there's no way to move. Yeah. True. But if you are in an open space and there's a place to move, all those things should be legal because all those things are real techniques.

(39m 2s):
Facts. But especially if a guy's on top of you, if a guy's on top of you on his knees in your guard and you can get a leg back and stomp him in the face. That's good. Yeah. That's a real technique. Yeah. That should be 100% legal. The one I like soccer kicks is just, it just looks cool. But again, if you have someone pinned against the cage and they even knee them and was it one? They go okay. Yes. Yeah. They allow it. Yeah. I don't even know what the, what the discretion of the referee is to allow it. I think It's if they're pinned against the cage that He doesn't allow it. Exactly. Okay. Which makes sense. You're in an open space then it's like Right. If you're in open space, Soccer kicks go. Did you ever see the one where Roger Huerta fought in one and got the one of the worst soccer kick kos ever?

(39m 43s):
Maybe. But I Forgotten he fought some big Brazilian cat and this dude soccer kicked him and it was like, oh my God. Like in the open space. Yeah. Oh yeah. He had 'em rocked already. Yeah. And then he is down like this and this dude just lean Back. I think the thing as well is the, is the, the look of it for I guess the people who aren't really hardcore fans. If they see that they're like, oh. And then it goes back to human cock fighting. Yeah. Okay. But if that's true, how about Irani al Donna, when she fought at the fear, her whole face is cut open. Oh, That was crazy. Insane. They didn't stop the fight At I point Tough though. So tough. Yeah, But so here's the Roger Warta one. Oh no. So Roger's hurt and Roger shouldn't have been fighting at one 70 anyway.

(40m 24s):
And watch this. Oh No bow. Oh yeah. I mean that one. Could I have seen this? Yep. Bro, That one I didn't know That was Roger one can fucking kill you. Damn. That one can kill you. I mean that dude had everything in that kick. Yeah. He even held it for A little bit. Like line it up. Just really line it up. Full fucking goal. Oh Yeah. Ooh, that's a rough one. That is bad. That is bad. That's a rough one. But that's a real technique. Legal. Yeah. I mean it's, you can do it in real life. Yes. Yeah. That's the point. It's the sport of fighting. Mm. And if it's a sport of fighting and you can't up kick a guy when you're in your guard. Yeah. 'cause his knees on the ground. That's ridiculous. Yeah. Even the one you, you've actually, was it maybe you at this fair, you mentioned it with the ARMRA fight, they stood them up somewhere at the end and I was thinking like, yeah, why they stand him up Made no sense.

(41m 8s):
Yeah. You know, is That, was that the Yeah. Yeah. I think so. Yeah. I Think Herb was alluding to they want more action. I don't know if he's getting pressure from someone to have more action, but one of the things that Herb said was if someone wants it, I think he was alluding to like some specific officials and executives. Whoever he's like, if they want it to look different, I wish they would tell me because like this is, oh wait, Herb saying this to you? Yeah. Oh really? No, no, no. Not to me. He said it in an interview when he was being criticized for trying to get people to work and trying to stamp people up. So lemme get this straight. He's saying maybe some officials or someone would be alluding, he's Alluding to the fact that they wanted to look a specific way.

(41m 51s):
Ah, I think I pick up what you're putting down. See if he can find his statement on it. Because it was interesting the way he phrased it, the way he phrased it. Like cryptic. Yes. Ah, Okay. You know, it, he's, He's trying not to put someone under the bus, but he's saying like, look, maybe someone's saying to him that. Exactly. And I think they are because he's, he's always like, let's work, let's work. Sometimes when it doesn't even make any sense. Like they're Working. Like I know. I saw, I remember. And I was like, yeah, he, he's on top. He just got him down. He's actually trying to, You know, beat him up. Yeah. You know, Sean was defending Well, but still saying true. That'd be interesting though. That would, that's, that's when I say interesting. That's like shady.

(42m 33s):
Yeah. It's shady. Shady. But it's what We were talking about at, at lunch today too is that there's certain fighters they want to win. Yeah. Because those fighters are more exciting. Yeah. And I am a purist. I feel like there should be no standups. Mm. Unless there's a violation. Unless someone does something illegal. Yeah. There should be no standups. I think if, if a guy could take you down like me does and just beat you up and you can't do shit. And even if the audience is booing, that's the fights. Oh shit. Yeah. Sean wants to get up, he's gotta get up. I don't think it should be, you can just hold him on and your full guard and the referee just stands you up because that's such an advantage for the striker. Yeah. Oh, Big time To be standing up again. Yeah. And you already have an advantage of every round start standing up. Yeah. And then you work so hard to get something to the ground and then they go, okay, stand up.

(43m 14s):
Yeah. I'm Trying to think, have I ever been in the position that they made me stand up? Nah. Not on top. But even on the bottom I always get up. I find a way that's, that's the ego thing. 'cause again, look, I had to kill that to, to really be great at this game. 'cause I knew for a fact I couldn't beat some nerds in pajamas. So That was, That was for me, my Okay, humble yourself and learn how to grapple. And then I sucked that first and I got better. I never have shown too much of my grappling skills. 'cause they never really put me in a position to, to show as much as I need to. So for me, I'm just like, cool, I'll just fucking do a Derrick Lewis stand up, get up and just beat him up as much as I can.

(43m 56s):
But yeah, fuck that is, that is suspect there. If someone is, I actually wanna watch that. I'll watch it later on Minute. Let's see what, let's see what the statement is. Did you find it So far? I've only found it like Luke Thomas made a video and he said Herb called him after he made the video. Interesting. Luke Thomas. Who's that again? Luke Thomas, the journalist. Okay. MMA journalist. Yeah, He, they spoke for, I'm like, I'm bring the close captioning 'cause I can't listen to it. He said those instances here I'll just play this. I guess this might be it. I don't know if you saw Herb say, oh, Luke, oh my bad of Herb. Ultimately his appearance, but not limited to those instances where he had called for more work from rab. What I cannot do today is speak on behalf of Herb.

(44m 36s):
Ultimately, his opinions and beliefs are his own and they are his to tell whenever he elects to do so. What I can do is speak on behalf of my views. No. Yeah. I just might not be What it was. That's not, There was, There was an article where they had interviewed him And a statement from himself. Yes. Yeah. There was a statement from Herb himself and he was saying, if someone wants the fights to look different, I wish they would tell me. Damn, that's suspect. Yes. That's a very, you found It. Hold On. That's a way that the way again, that's cryptic. Cryptic. Yeah. That means they're, they're, they're telling you I want more action. Okay, here it goes. I've seen on social media, people have spoken about me call calling the fighters for more action. That's what I've always done.

(45m 16s):
I can tell you what I tell fighters during the, the rules briefing. I tell them, anytime I'm going to interfere or any intervention, I'm going to talk to you first. Like if I'm going to stand you up, what I'm gonna say first is I'm gonna say let's work. I usually clap at what I'm expecting from him is not busy. If what I'm, and what I'm expecting from him is not busy work. I specify, I'm looking for effort to finish the fight. So either you posture to where you could set up, fight any attacks or advance your position, effort to advance, because it's not as easy as just passing the guard, but effort to pass, effort to advance your position, effort to bring the fight to finish. That rule was put in place standing fighters up to make our sport look the way we want it to look.

(45m 59s):
But he said something else. Yeah. There was more If he goes as a referee, blah, blah, blah, blah. But I mean, if that's what he said, I I I trust your, You know, your, your recollection of it. But if that's what he said, that's still very suspect and that you don't want to get this this game. This is one thing about the UFCs as real as it gets, or MMA itself, this is what it is. But if, if you have that happening, then that's starting to seem A little bit like, You know, not to take away like it's the WWE or anything. It's not that. But you are influencing the course of a fight. Of course. Where a guy has control of and where a fighter and The referee is the guy officiating the fight. So if he's getting word from someone Right. The way he said that someone that's, yeah.

(46m 41s):
I think he was saying if someone wants me to, if they want the fight to look different, I wish they would tell me. But That's what I'm saying. When you say someone, it's like, who is he? Who is that someone? I don't think the referee's job is to instruct a fighter to do anything other than follow the rules. And if you can hold a guy down, I feel I'm the worst with this. 'cause I think you should start in the same position you ended the last round. Ooh. Because I think it's one fight. Ooh. I think it's one fight. It's not five fights. So if a, an advantage for the striker is always standing up. Yeah. So if a guy gets you down and has your back and the round ends, I think he should have the exact same position in the exact same place on the octagon floor when the next round starts. 'cause he earned that position and you didn't earn the standup fair.

(47m 23s):
So if you're standing up, standing up for a guy like you is a giant advantage. Yeah. I'm like, I'm biased. I'm gonna be like, nah, fuck that, that, let's stop. Yeah, of course. Well also the audience would be by the audience would be like, shut the fuck up, bro. You know, you fucking pussy you again. But I, it does, it does make sense. Like when it comes to pure fighting. 'cause even, bro, even what Pride had 10 minute rounds the first round, You know? That's cool. I'm saying look, some things like, I'm glad this they've taken out the way, but again, bring back tournaments just for one night. Let's see who's a real, like who's a real badass? Ooh. Yeah. That would be Crazy. I've done a kickboxing. I've never done it in MMA, I've done it in boxing. But I might bring back a tournament. So like, let's see who's really, who's really about this? 'cause we have to fight.

(48m 4s):
Get the adrenaline dump. Then you go back and sit down, sit down for ages and then eventually have to warm up again. I remember I've done it a few times. I've won a few of them. But it, it's, it shows this. Yeah. Like this. You know what I mean? Well it's also built in drama over the evening where people watch a guy fight once and now he's gonna fight a second time. And That was always wild about the early days of the UFC. Yeah. Watching those tournaments And Pride as well. They did that a lot. Yeah, that'd be fun. I think they for like, oh, they did it once though. Glory. Did it. Remember Last Man Standing? That was crazy. Did. No, but they fought three times U Ffc night. The UFC did it once with the Flyweight. They no girl title.

(48m 44s):
And I think it was Mighty Mouse and Ian McCall in the, in in the final. Nah, no, I got it wrong. They fucked up the decision. 'cause if There was meant to be a draw and they'd have one more round in Sydney, I think. Mm. Yeah. And they, they were meant to, but then they gave, they fucked up the decision 'cause But that would be crazy though. They go like, okay, cool. The judges have it, this, that, it's a draw. We're gonna one more round after a crazy fight like that, that would've had the whole place just go, Well that's what Glory does. Yeah. You know, One More round. Ah, I see. And you see look in the guy's face like, oh, oh Shit. Yeah, I've had that too. But that's where this comes in. Yep. Yeah. Demeanor. You have to just like, cool, let's go get back in the corner.

(49m 26s):
That's, is that one of the most difficult things to like, change your mindset in mid fight? Like if something throws you off Mid fight. Ooh, Do you, do you remember when I'm bringing up specifically? Do you remember Tim Kennedy and Yoel Romero? Oh, when Get up. Get up. Yes. Yeah. So Tim Kennedy. Yes. Tim Kennedy had UL Romero badly hurt. Fucked up. Fucked up. And then they put Yoel on the stool. They threw ice on the floor. They fucking, and he kept sitting on the stool and Big John's telling him to stand up and he's still sitting down and Tim Kennedy's walking around going, what the fuck? Fight should be stopped. The fight's over. Yeah. And the fight should have been stopped. Mm. But then Yoel got up and then he stopped him afterwards. Yeah. Him Out. But he had like knocked him Out a good solid 35 seconds extra recovery time.

(50m 8s):
Yeah. Which when you're hurt is Huge. Huge. Yeah. Ice on the floor as well. Tim said it fuck with his head and it was his mental weakness that he didn't, he thought he was angry. They're robbing me. This is bullshit. I had him, I should have won the fight. Should have been. We the, the round started, the minute was up. It should have been, I could have got on him and I could have finished him. Mm. And so in his head he lost focus. It does happen. Like I said, even with me pointing at the ground in that moment, any small lapse in judgment, you, you just need 30 minutes or 25 minutes of focus. So in that point, yeah, I can see how that would get to him. Yeah. That would get to him. 'cause you're like, what the fuck they about to screw me out of this one.

(50m 48s):
Exactly. And they did. And so then he is got a fight again while he's going, motherfucker, this should have already been over. So instead of concentrating completely on being in the present, in the fight, you're thinking I Fucked Anderson versus Bisping when Anderson 31 or was on the case celebrating. Right. And then if I think it was Herb or whoever would be like, yo, get, get down here, this and that. Right, right, right. You have to like, which Could've been over if Anderson just followed up with one or two more shots, that would've been it. It's like We were talking about Jalen Turner and Hato Murano. He drops him, has him fucked up and then walks away like it's ko. I literally Went like, 'cause I was front, I went to 300. I'm such a fan. I was there from the first fight. That's why I like to wear that as a badge honor. I'm like, yeah, I was there and I watched that and I was just like, why?

(51m 31s):
He had eight more seconds. He could have just done something and taken him out. But NATO was fucked up too. He was hurt Bad. Yeah. But, And Jalen can crack. He's tough. Oh, he's so big for 55 is so long. I think he's also really talented as well. He's fast. He's a smooth, like when he fought Dan, I You heard that shit. Yes, bro. That kick when I heard that and Dan grabbed his waist and then Dan had his neck at the end of the round as well. I lost my voice in that. That's The one where Dan broke his arm, right? Yeah. Just a scratch. And he kept fighting. He did a savage. Trust Me, I love watching him come back into the top five now. Oh yeah. I love it. I love that he did that. I love it. I love, I love who he is as a person. 'cause look, Dan, he's, I see him every day most days.

(52m 13s):
And he's a guy that You know what to expect. Like outta nowhere. Boom. He just customized himself with all these tattoos. Yeah. Crazy how That's badass. Yeah. He Just covered himself. I think he's in Spain. 'cause do You know Oscar will, You know Oscar Willis? Mlife reporter? He's fighting beer knuckle this weekend I believe. Or maybe next weekend in Spain. But Dan's gonna go there and corner him. I'm like fucking Bare knuckle boxing or MMA no boxing. Mm. I, that's not for me. I can fight. Look, if I had to get into a fight, whatever, sure. But like for me, I'd rather know I'll pass on that. But that's the kind of shit that Dan loves. Dan's like, yeah, let's do that shit.

(52m 54s):
He wants to do that shit. Really? He wants to be the Yeah, he, he just loves fighting Moss. Vidal's got that whole MMA league where it's all bare bare knuckle. MMA, which I like because it doesn't make sense to me that you don't cover your shins or your knees or your elbows. But you do cover your knuckles. I just don't like the knuckles. 'cause you see again, moose knuckles still there. This can cause more damage. Like, like Cuts. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Slices you open. Exactly. Guys get sliced up. So if I, if gloves, I, I guess they protect, they're really like, I don't the new gloves as well. I think I've only fought once in the new gloves. Now I might give it a maybe one or two more. But I'm like the old gloves just, they didn't really protect the wraps.

(53m 37s):
Protect your hands. But the old gloves, they felt like rubber, like tire rubber. And I think they were just dangerous, like dangerous to hit with. If you hit someone with those, it's like bang, these new gloves, they feel like A little bit of a memory foam. A little softer. Softer. And I don't know about this whole curve thing. They don't really curve. I can still do that. And then, yeah, I try not to do that. I'm a, You know, whatever. But still this I, I'll wait and see. See Bro, listen man. The best gloves for sure are Trevor Whitman's. Yeah. The best gloves he made. The best gloves. They're the best MM gloves of All time. I've never seen them. Yeah, I've, I've got, See if you can pulled Them up. The Onyx. Is that the Onyx one? Yeah. Yeah. I've, I've, they, I've got the big ones, but I've never ever the Best MMA gloves.

(54m 18s):
Yeah, they curve. So it's curved. So your hand is in this position. Yeah. So if you want to do this, you have to open them up Flex. But it's still, you could do that for grappling. Yeah. It's all the same. But they're in a curved position. And I think that would avoid so many. I pokes so Many injuries. So many. Yeah. You Haven't really been, I poked too many times. Nah. Only time was in training. Really bad. One was in training. But nah, not, not in a fight. Nah. Avoid that as much as I can. I have another thought on that. Yeah, totally. What, think of this. Yeah. I feel like they should cover the fingers. How I feel like why are the, with like a mit Oh, I, that, that goes over the top with like a round surface. Like A boxing mit like a little Something. Look those little bag glove mitts. Like that's Trevor Whitmans. Okay. That's the OnX gloves.

(54m 59s):
I see those, those are the best gloves. Trevor Whitman's a fucking genius man. Yeah. He makes incredible gear. Has he ever brought this idea to the Ufc? Yeah, they were in negotiation. But I think Trevor went crazy and wanted like, some ly amount of money. He wanted something according to Dana. At least that's his version of Okay. Two size Story. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. But he, but regardless of all that, he makes the best gloves. They're the best. MMA gloves of all time by bar. Bar none. They're the best. Yeah. About the big ones, bro. I'll, I'll hit 'em up. See if I can get those ones just to try 'em out. It's Also the best foam. Like he uses the most high tech foam. It's the most expensive foam. Like every, and he makes 'em all by hand. Like Trevor Stitches 'em. Yeah. I've, yeah.

(55m 39s):
I've seen him stitching. He's, he, he's a he is passionate about it. But yeah, these new ones, I'm so far at fighting with them. I still prefer the, the old ones. You think they're more damaging? Yeah. Yeah. They, they Like, I get it. I, I don't like to get hit, so maybe that's why I'm biased with it. But when I hit song with those, I feel it causes more damage. Mm. And I, I mean I can't cause damage. It caused some damage on DDP with those ones. But I still wanna try them maybe one more time just to feel, feel them. But yeah, It felt different. Yeah, It felt different. You can, I can definitely tell. Yeah. Even the wraps, when I put, when I was squeezing my wraps into them, I was like, okay. It just took a while.

(56m 19s):
But I still got in. But I'm like, all right, cool. Grab, I like to test the grip strength to make sure I can hold someone. But yeah, we'll see. I Don't know why the fingers have to be exposed. 'cause you never do this. There's no Reason. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. There's no reason to have the fingers ever in this position. Every time you grip you're gripping like this. Like that. Yeah. Or You gripping like this also It would prevent joint manipulation. Yeah. Yeah. Small joint manipulation. If you had like, it's almost like a webbing. Yeah. That just covers that. Why can't you just have a thin piece of leather that goes over the fingers and then something that's curved or on the top, Like you said, like those bag MITs with the thumbnail. Yes. So it, even if you do get poked in the eye, you're getting poked by a large thing and None digit Instead of a finger.

(57m 1s):
Yeah. That goes all the way into your eye and finger nails. Yeah. True. You know, so the nails would be covered, which even if you trim your fucking nails, that's still a hard surface that could scratch the shit outta your cornea. Then you got toes. I've seen people get kicked in the eye. Oh. Even in training. Oh man. And infected the eye as well. Oh yeah, Man. Yeah. I've seen that to of nails. But No, I mean, That makes sense. I, I mean it just, I think people are scared of change. Right. Even with these new gloves, it's, I think it's, maybe that's why I'm trying to be like, let me give it one more shot. I'm not a, I'm not gonna say I'm a gangster them. I just feel, eh, the other gloves were just, they had that thing on them. Robert. Well, Mike win John, You know, he lost an eye. Oh, that's why he wears the shades.

(57m 41s):
Exactly. Yeah. He did. From Holding pads from somebody. So he was holding pads and someone missed and caught his eye with their toenail. Yeah. I'll Do that too. If, if that happened to me. PT s Yeah. Fuck Man. I think like everybody should wear goggles if you're holding mids. Just the possibility. Just that we know that it happened to one of the top trainers in the sport. Yeah. And it's not just a freak accident 'cause Right. Even just grappling. I try and keep my nails like trimmed just 'cause I don't want to. I've done it before by accident on so on. And I've caused, I think I collar tie and then they did something and then, yeah. And I go on. Not on me on them. And it's happened to me as well. But I felt bad when I did it on another person. I had their skin in my nails and I was like, yeah, my bad. So again, yeah, cut your nails, but still, that's not a bad idea.

(58m 22s):
I would fuck with that. I feel Like it wouldn't affect the grappling at all. Yeah. And it definitely would help. I pokes, which are the biggest problem I pokes are a giant problem, man. Yeah. So many guys have gotten eye surgery now. I mean, Al's had three eye surgeries. Yeah. And remember when he got poked? Oh, real Bad Leon. Oh, did, oh, on the Leon one. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Fuck. Yeah. I can imagine. You can make, you can change the culture. I feel Like it should be done. And because I don't think it's bad. I don't, I don I don't see any negative to covering the fingers and I see only positives. Yeah. And I don't think it would do. It's just real simple piece of leather here. I Covers over the tips of fingers. I get what you're Saying. Fingers. Measure the fighter's hands. You know? 'cause some guys have very long fingers. Some guys have short fingers.

(59m 2s):
Measure the fighter's hands. Build a custom glove. Yeah. That's not hard to do. Same thing like having glove size. I'm sure someone will make it now or someone's made that before. I don't think so. Yeah. I, I don't know if anybody that's made that. But that's, that should be the way they do it. Because that would eliminate a enormous number of options. That's a money making scheme right Now. If someone decides to make that and then put it out there, there as a prototype, be like, look, this actually works. Train with them and then they go, I'm patenting that. Boom. Well The UFC doesn't listen to me because, because I have all kinds of crazy ideas. I'm like, get rid of weight cutting. Add more weight classes. Change the gloves. No Standups. No standups. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Fair enough. Because Also, like, I'm not interested in making the fight more exciting. Mm. I'm making, I want, I'm in the best. The best. What's the best? Yeah.

(59m 42s):
What, what actually works? I'm a purist. Yeah. I wanna see what, what is the actual effective technique. Like there's some, sometimes like when you see in juujitsu tournaments where guys are doing stuff like they're in the 50 50 position. I'm like, this guy could punch you in the face. Kick you in the face. So easy. This is not a good self-defense position. Yep. And you see it in MA, the leg lock stuff where guys are accustomed to doing that and they're, they're, they're literally face down holding onto an ankle. And the dude just boom, Boom. One of my boys, Nate, Nate Law, he just fought in his, I think third pro fight. The guy had a leg lock and Nate posted the, this quote from chill son after the fight about if a guy is holding onto your leg, just posture up and punch him in the face.

(1h 0m 25s):
Yeah. And that's what Nate did and won the fight. So Yeah. I mean the whole leg lock game. I, I know, I know some stuff with X guy. I don't want No, But I don't really fuck with it too much. 'cause I get scared 'cause the commitment when I hold onto someone's leg. Yeah. And then you're just exposed. Unless I'm like a Craig Jones type who I just know as a wizard. Yeah. Yeah. He's, the thing about leg locks is you have so little time to react. Yeah. If you don't tap, if you, there's such a brief, especially like an inside heel hook. There's such a brief amount of time you have before your shit is just blowing the smither rains. Yeah. It's Like, it is fine. This is fine. This is fine. Pop and it's gone. Yeah. Rips apart. And then you're fucked for nine Months. Even me, if I'm running with people, if I don't trust that person, or if I just feel like I'll just go, yeah.

(1h 1m 5s):
Cool tap. 'cause yeah, ego's not worth it. I don't try and hold up to shit like that. Especially Like lox. Yeah. Do do you have a hard time like that with like, people trying to get a name for themselves training with you? Yeah. Yeah. Of course. So that's for me, look, it's not even if I go to a new gym, I pick and choose who I go with. And it's not like an ego thing. 'cause I don't wanna get my ass whoop. It's just like, I don't know you well enough that. Right. And sometimes you see people with, they, they, they salivate Like, it is my chance. This is my Right. I got my shot. Now. Even now, sometimes in, in, in grappling with some people in the jujitsu class, they'll just lower belts. They'll be like, can I, I'm like, I'm good. Thank you. You know what I don't like when I see a dude sitting out around and waiting, you are exhausted.

(1h 1m 48s):
And then they go, do you wanna go like, bitch, I watched you. I'll call em out. I watched you just sit down. Yeah. For 10 fucking minutes. Yeah. Oh, you'd get that as well too. Why didn't you just jump in? Yeah. Yeah. Why weren't you just rolling right now? Sucks. You wanna roll fresh? Yeah. Is that what this is? Yeah. And You like, call 'em out on and you see the look of this shit like, oh No man, I just go Now I'm good. Thank you. And I'll get someone that I'll actually trust. 'cause Yeah. It's not, it's just, I I and I, I know the feeling as well. 'cause I'm sure that someone will tap me or do something or I'll just let go and then it's like that. I know when it's real and it's general. Like good job. And another one when it's like they like you, I wanna tell everyone about this. I tell Yeah. Can't wait to get online. Yeah. Yeah. I'm like, ah, here we go. But again, that's the thing I wanna talk about ego and I had to kill that before I started training grappling.

(1h 2m 33s):
'cause it was just, I sucked. Right. You know, like, nah, I get tapped. One thing I definitely will get is a submission in the UFC before I'm done. I will, I will choke someone out like a guillotine or ran naked. I like guillotines. But I've, it's learning how to find the sweet spot for me. The sweet spot when I get it. And when I get it, it's not even a bulldog truck. I get really good at those. Some I can find the spot and I just, 'cause I got the frame for it. The best person at our gym, Dan Hangman, that's his shit. He grabs your neck, you're going like, it's like, yep. Find a way out. You can't cool tap. But yeah, I like using Guillotines though. Especially on, on wrestlers.

(1h 3m 13s):
'cause yeah, just lets them know, okay, this is always a threat. Yeah. This is always a threat. But again, it's something I've been working on. But eventually before I retire, you'll definitely see me get a submission. Well, it's interesting because you're a specialist. You know, you're one of those guys that, like, you didn't come in with a full MMA experience. You didn't start as an amateur MMA fighter. You were a kickboxer. And so you had, I remember when you and I first started talking online when I reached out to you on Instagram. Yeah. And you were like, I'm gonna wait a little while. Yeah. I'm gonna just do this. Right. Yeah. Which is, I thought was very intelligent Because you could have just jumped in like many guys do. And then they get UFC throws you in with a wrestler, you get exposed. And now you're so far behind the curve.

(1h 3m 53s):
It takes a long time to build up your confidence and your momentum again, Because you got smothered in your first fight. Yeah, That was 2015, I believe. I haven't sent a DM to Dana saying, just gimme one shot. Just get me to the cage. I'll do the rest. And look, I, I, I would've, But I'm glad I took my time and it was, it was good for me just to fight different people from Ukraine, China, what else? Brazil, all different types of places. And then experience different styles. And that way I felt confident enough when I got to the UFC, my first fight, shout out Rob Wilkinson. Good guy, good friend of mine now. And yeah, he tried to take me down constantly and I was able to withstand that because of the work we did. And Andre, Andre, Paulette, my resting coach.

(1h 4m 35s):
A lot of drills, just drills wall work, constantly getting out. What Year did you start that? What year did you start grappling training? I started in 2010, But I was meant to go into MMA straight away. But There was just so many kickboxing fights and I kept on getting kickboxing fights there. It was just to also, I like fighting kickboxing. So it was just like, oh, I'll just take this fight, take this fight. But I was always grappling on the side, like low key grappling on the side. And eventually, I think, I can't remember my what year, my first U-F-C-M-M-A fight was, would've been 2014 maybe, or 13. And then I started taking it more seriously. Like, I'm a purple belt now, but I'm like, I'm a purple belt.

(1h 5m 16s):
I know I'm dangerous, but it's like, eh, I'm not, like, there's levels, there's levels to belts, You know, there's some purple belts, blue belts who can kick my ass, You know. But yeah, I do enjoy it though. I love grappling. I like, I feel like a ninja cat when I'm grappling and I'm on, I'm on that flow state. I just feel like I just, it's, it's fun to play with. But then again, I've only ever shown cases or brief, like again, who's one? Not just the pe fight in Madison Square Garden, gasta Limb. I had a triangle on them. I had a guillotine at the end of the round. Some other ones with the Kimora traps. But yeah, just no one's really put me in that position to make me have to like really use my offensive grappling.

(1h 5m 56s):
But again, when I get taken to the ground, I'm just like, fuck, I'm just gonna stand up. If kickboxing was as big as MMA, do you think you've ever done MMA? That's a good question. Fuck if Okay. Money-wise, probably ego. 'cause I just knew a fucking nerd in pajamas to kick my ass. And I just, I can't have that bro. Honestly. It's just, I, I just know like, some dude can beat me and he doesn't have to even throw a punch in the back of my mind. It's still, that's why sometimes when all these, You know, boxes, You know, like da da da da da. Like back in the day when it was USC versus boxing or whatever, I was like, well this is a, this is real fighting.

(1h 6m 39s):
Like, you wanna see what the baddest person on the planet is. Fight. Right. No one's telling you you can't use your weapons, but you wanna take away all my weapons. Right. And that's why I don't think I'll ever box again. 'cause I just think it's too limiting. Even kickboxing, I feel Like it, it'd be really hard for me to, 'cause it's too limiting. I do like aspects of grappling that I can use in a fight. But yeah. Nah, I like, I like full fledged fighting. And I think it's, it's a healthy ego. I just knew I have to really humble myself so I can learn how to fight these guys at their own game. So Yeah. That's why I like how one FFC has everything. Mm. They have grappling matches, they have kickboxing matches, they have moi hai matches and they have MMA matches.

(1h 7m 21s):
Yeah. I think that is the way to go. And I really wish the UFCI know they're invested in this slap fighting shit. Yeah. But instead of that like, Slap fighting, Have a kickboxing league have a a and I think they're, they don't think that people would get into kickboxing would be I think they're Wrong. It would be, yeah. They just did the one in Denver for one ffc recently went well. And the fights are crazy. Yes. A lot of knockdowns, lot of action packed stuff. But if, if it was just marketed the right way, You know, with the UFC's marketing machine, easily, easily, easily. It would be one of the biggest movies because Everybody loves Ks. Everybody loves standup fights. And you gonna, you Get slap fighting, There's a lot of Ks there. But You're gonna get, You're going to get real s Yeah.

(1h 8m 3s):
Because kids, they can't gr no one can grapple. Yeah. You can't grapple. So you're gonna get people that are forced to stand up and you could then attract the greatest strikers in the world. Like one FC is doing, they're getting all these tie killers, You know, these rod tanks. Yeah. All these like elite tie fighters. And they're all coming over and they're fighting in the cage now. And I feel like there's an opportunity for that for a, a kickboxing league in America that would be hugely successful if like the UFC machine got behind It. Yeah. You know, John PA started that. I think he did it. I think About it. Yeah. Cage. Yeah, because I watched Little Gloves. I watched both fights with Brad Riddell, I think, or the first, no, the first one with Brad Riddell. That was the second one. Sorry. That was the one I watched at Cage. Fighting.

(1h 8m 44s):
Great fight. Crazy fight. Even though John lost it, he just showed me who he is. But yeah, I think he did start Cage Muay Thai. Yes. That was his Thing. I think it was his thing. Yeah. He should Have fucking trademarked that shit. Trademark that. Well, Muay Hai with Little Gloves is different too. Right. Because You know, there's blocks that you, you can't use you, there's just, Just shielding. Like the Dutch style. I remember with the big gloves, I always talked about it as well. I always felt my striking was better for MMA. I always felt it was better for MMA 'cause I was like, nah, if you can just do this, that's, yeah. You just block whatever hit. It's just who's tough, who's Tougher. Right. Right. But with the small gloves, you can get around the guard. The hand traps are different. So I don I always just felt like, yeah, my striking would excel better in MMAI wasn't as, not tough.

(1h 9m 26s):
I'm tough, But I wasn't as just like Tough for no reason. Yeah. Thank You. Like I, I like to use my brain. Yeah. You know what I mean? So I was just tough for no reason. Like boom, boom, boom, boom. Okay. You hit me, hit me, hit you. Hit You. Yeah. That's not my style. I always felt I was slicker the way I move, the way I set traps. And that's why I like them. It makes striking better. It's kind of crazy about the Dutch. Right? Like what is it about them that makes their style so savage? 'cause if you go back and You like watch like Ramon Decker or Rob Caman or, or Ernesto hosts Ernest. Yeah. Oh my God. There was some Of the, I think it's culture. Is that what it called? Yeah. I think it's the culture of the style. Because you, I've seen some of the gym spas. That's how they, I've heard it's Insane over there. Yeah. I've Seen Khalil Was talking about it. Yeah. Khalil was telling way he went up, he went to Holland to train over there years back and he's like, I don't, can't fucking do this.

(1h 10m 10s):
Like, yeah, nah, these guys are going hard every Day for $0. Yeah. $0. Like what do you get paid in glory? What do the best fighters get paid in glory? Like what, what is like, I wasn't getting paid that much. What Does Rico ver Hovan get paid to defend his heavyweight title? I think he probably gets more than most. He's still in glory, right? Yep. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I kind of fell off them after they rubbed me off the fucking belt. I was just like, yeah, whatever. I don't care about that anymore. Oh, the Jason Wellness fight. Yeah. After That I kind of, I fell off. I thought you want to fight too. Yeah. I know. It's one of those things, look, I'm glad things happened the way that happened, my career. 'cause it always gives me an opportunity to come back or rise again and showcase my spirit, my fighting spirit. Not just in the cage, but as a human being.

(1h 10m 52s):
So all the things that have happened to me in my, in my, in my career, when it comes to losses or setbacks, I just go, cool. Let's see what I can do next. Right? Yeah. Like even look, the DDP fight. Fight. What's another one? Well, Pereira, I got that back Y one. I feel like That was a Cy Quest. I'm just kind of like, man, that's cool. But, and I, I never hold onto them. I never hold on like I need to get this. It's like, nah, this is fine. If it, like the Alex one, I was cool if that never happened. But then he decided to chase me and I was like, cool, let's Do it. The Y thing is a crazy situation, right? Because Yon goes to a split decision with prayer. It is a great fight. It's a tough fight. He has that crazy fight with Anaya.

(1h 11m 34s):
It goes to a draw. Yeah. And then no one's talking about him. Yeah. Everyone's talking about contenders in the light heavyweight division. Like what about Jan be Hovi? Yeah. Like get him in now before he's too fucking old. Yeah. I think he was already in his forties. Yeah. Early forties. But he, I Think he won the title that old. Yeah. Like wasn't he like 39 or 40 when he won the title? He Was, I'm trying to think. He, I just feel like he's being disrespected. Like he's, he's just not getting the attention. Like if you look at his performances, the guy's not had a bad performance. Mm. Like there's not one fight That was boring. There's not one fight where he wasn't trying to win. He's not a wrestler. Right. He's fighting bass. He's stand Up top contenders. He's fighting Top guys kickboxing. Yeah. He's a fucking animal.

(1h 12m 14s):
Interesting. And he's out of the conversation. Like they're all talking about Lia fighting, You know, like, oh, Alex is avoiding Lia. So he takes Khalil Lia and Jan Bevi went to a fucking draw. Like what about that? Like what about him? Yeah. Maybe. 'cause he doesn't make as much noise. 'cause I don't really see him on there as much anymore. What does it say? Okay. Oh, we was supposed to fight rocket. Rocket. I see. But he got a shoulder injury. Okay. He's hurt right now. Oh. Shoulder surgery. So that, but That was January. So That was 10 months ago. Maybe it's not back yet. Yeah, it must be. Well that's about the right amount of time. Especially when you're dealing with shoulder injuries. Man, those fucking things take forever.

(1h 12m 54s):
Yeah. Nah, go see fucking what's his name? Briggs. But yeah. I'm glad I got some today though. Thank you for that. I actually feel better. Stem stem cells. Yeah. Not from future stem cells. I Like it from the, just the, the drip I got earlier. But yeah. The stem cells, the ones I had in my, in my ankle. Yeah. They worked works. I went to Mexico. Yeah. It works. It's a game changer. Yeah. It's a game changer. Yeah. And we're getting fucked here in America where it's very difficult to get the same kind of treatment that you can get in Mexico. Yeah. And then Panama, what they can do here is much more limited. Hopefully in the future they'll release those limitations. But in America you're dealing with a lot of corruption because pharmaceutical companies, surgeons, pharmaceutical drug companies, they don't, they're gonna lose a lot of money if they have stem cell treatments.

(1h 13m 37s):
'cause there's so many different things that it could fix. Even Briggs was just talking about what he said on here. Just going at them. And that went viral. Yeah. Which is good. I just told him, bro, put out a tweet and say I will never ever kill myself ever. I think that's a smart thing to do. He just put that tweet. No, because he, when you start fucking with those guys, pharmaceutical companies, they'll find anything. Yeah. You get a plane crash, whoopsie. Oh, how did that happen? Yeah. Fuck. There was one, what was the one for me? I put that tweet out one time 'cause I kind of got a little paranoid. So I, I did this interview with Oscar Willis. Right. And I started talking about the whole, this is when Epstein just got arrested. Mm. And I was saying like, well Epstein just got arrested.

(1h 14m 17s):
Right? And then Oscar goes, yeah, it's funny how the Johnny Depp and Amber heard Case is getting more attention than that. And I'm like, crazy, isn't it? So this Epstein guy just sold kids or whatever, trafficked them to these rich oligarchs and whatnot. And I was like, what happened to them? What happens to those people? Where's the list? Yeah. And then I, I didn't think anything of it, but then it went viral. And then every year since it goes viral, at least twice or three times I'll see it just circulate again. And I'm just like, oh fuck. So then I went on Twitter and I said, I Well and all said again, look what it, I will never ever kill myself. I've never even come close. I mean, we all think about it sometimes. Like when I was working this job, I just have like a passing fleeting thought.

(1h 14m 60s):
Like, oh, if I just jump over this bridge and hurt my leg, I don't have to work for the next six months. 'cause I hated my last job. But I would never, ever, ever, ever kill myself. I'm not that. I'm not built that way. And I've been there before when I think 2013 and I realized, is this how people feel before they kill themselves? Like the how sad they were. Yeah. And I was like, man, that's sad. That just made me feel sad for those who actually go through with it. Yeah. But yeah, anyway. I would never kill myself just in case. Well there's enough people commenting on the Epstein case that I don't think you have to worry. Yeah. But the people that are in the position to actually know the people's names on the list. Yeah. Those people are probably in trouble. Yeah. Because that's a crazy piece of information to have.

(1h 15m 41s):
And the fact is that, look, No one's been tried. No one's been brought, no one's been discussed. We know who went there. We know flight logs. No one talks about anything. There's no effort to prosecute. There's no effort to, yeah. And then you have Ghislaine Maxwell who's in jail for sex trafficking. To who? That's to Who's What I'm saying you have to have, you have to have done it to someone. But there's no effort at all to uncover that. Yeah. But I'm saying now this year, it's kind of crazy how this year started off with, what's his name? Kat Williams on Shannon Sharp. He starts talking, spilling the t, sipping The Cognac. Yeah. And then now this whole p did He thing, sometimes you have to tell Did he know? Oh man, bro.

(1h 16m 22s):
Yeah. It's crazy. Oh man. Sean Diddy combs alleged list of accomplishes to be revealed soon. The names will shock you. Attorney says, whoa. I think he's gonna sing a, I think, I think he has to sing or he goes to life. But also I'll tell one thing, rest of his life thing. God protects me. I'm so glad God protects me. 'cause look, if I got invited to the white party, I'd have gone. Especially If you didn't know. Of Course no one knew. No one knew. Right. And then you find, Find out if You know, know you're just a celebrity and You know, oh, Jennifer Lopez is gonna be there. Oh, Rick's what? Rick Ross I'm is gonna be there. Everyone's gonna be there. That would be a cool place. I wanna meet those people. Facts. And I just wanna be there having fun party. But then they start to, apparently they said they were using, I'm gonna guess it's like ketamine.

(1h 17m 3s):
'cause they said horse tranquilizer. Mm. And they're putting in people's drinks in the champagnes and then getting them all loose. Yeah. Because I'll tell, I'll tell you a secret. It's just us two, right? Yeah. After I knocked out Pereira in Miami, we went to Totties the next night and they were like, yo p Diddy wasn't here watching a fight last night. I was like, wait word crazy. And I went and checked my dms and I saw, oh shit. He hit me up and he was talking about two months later, want to do an interview or whatever. And I said, here's my manager's number. Bob. Cool. Nothing ever came off it. But again, that's why I said Garby protecting me. Right, right. Because you knows right? Like you never know. Oh yeah. We're having this party later on. Yeah. That's cool. Alright, cool, cool. And then they start to like, You know, you find some chick, you pull on you and then boom.

(1h 17m 44s):
Oh, how was that 15-year-old? Like wait, what? Right. And you're filmed. Yeah, I heard about that. Yeah. Yeah. Play game. He had apparent allegedly cameras allegedly all over the house and a Hundred a thousand bottles of baby oil. Yeah. What? Nobody's that ashy bro. A thousand also, by the way, that's shit lu. Coconut oil's, better fucking water based lubricant. Yeah. But baby oil as acidic as fuck. Johnson and Johnson's like. That's demonic bro. Like why would you use baby oil even if your fucking dudes, Nah, you probably started out with it. That's all the bottles. Nah, That's I, that's AI's gotta be. That's gotta be ai. I Don't know if it's ai.

(1h 18m 24s):
I think that's real. I think it was lube and baby oil. I think he had a variety of different substances. Who Counted? That was A thousand. Look at That 1, 2, 3 Bottles. Baby oil. Imagine Having 500 Bottles, Six exposed of baby oil on the wall. Imagine Having 500 bottles and go, we need to go for a fucking target run. Nah man. Oh, the fact they said it was fucking, what'd you call it? Costco? And Costco goes, nah, we don't sell that shit. What Is his defaced ar fifteens. Interesting. What does that mean? Does that mean they So they scratch the scratch the serial numbers off. Called off. Yeah. Whoa. That's a serious crime. Yeah, that's a serious crime. But again, see he's in cahoots with Epstein. And then Is he in cahoots with, was he in cahoots with Epstein?

(1h 19m 4s):
Yeah. Or was it just a similar type of an operation? No, no. He, he, they were friends. Really? Yeah. 'cause Epstein had a fucking, You know, on Miami as well and that really private rich estate in Miami. So they were all in cahoots as well. But again, I think he's gonna sing. Isn't it crazy? Like That was always the conspiracy theory tinfoil hat thing. Oh, there's a place where the elites go to fuck underage kids. You like what? What's his name? Alex Jones. Alex Jones. Yeah. He was Right. He was right. He was right About a lot of things. Almost Everything. Yeah. Most about Almost Everyone. Fuck up that one. But Almost everything else he was right. But you gotta realize that that guy had been in uncovering real conspiracies that the media had not covered for years, for fucking decades.

(1h 19m 51s):
And he was literally having like a psychotic break because of it. Because he's just drinking all the time and dealing with the stress. And how Would you even Kanye, imagine you trying to tell people something, right? And then no one believes you and they call you crazy. I go crazy just trying to explain to people even I can imagine the frustration. The frustration of trying to explain to someone, right? And you're like, no, this is really happening this. And they're like, yeah, whatever you this and that. And I went down the rabbit hole in 2020. I'll tell you I did. I had to. And for me it was just like I could see the fuckery, I could look, this is the mark of the immigrant, it's right here. If you look at any immigrant, it's just like that little dot, it's a keloid.

(1h 20m 33s):
It's from a vaccine we all had as as kids all over Africa. I can't remember what it was for. So I'm not opposed to vaccines. But when someone's trying to force you or co co coer coerce you or whatever into taking something that you're like, You know, something just doesn't feel right about it. You know what I mean? Yeah. But again, I grew up in Nigeria. I know how corruption works. Right? So I mean, I'm a lawyer abiding citizen. You know what I'm saying? I, I did my part. I, yeah, whatever. But still, I just knew something was afoot. So I, yeah. I did my part. I played the game. 'cause it's all a game. I got offered different ways to, to play the game.

(1h 21m 14s):
But I was like, I'll find my own way. And I did so Yeah. Stayed pure. Which is good. Yeah. This whole thing was just money. Mm. It was just, they were trying to convince everybody they needed a vaccine because they wanted to make enormous amounts of money and they pulled it off. And then now with all the information that's come out, all the deaths. Yeah. I, I saw that show die suddenly or whatever. Yeah. And you see the blood clots from the same time that the vaccines got pushed. Excuse me. And then everyone just goes, oh, oh well Karen, what my dad, it's like again, I'm frustrated in a sense, But I don't say it. 'cause like we fucking told you. Yes.

(1h 21m 54s):
But then I don't need an apology. No one needs an apology. But it's kind of like everyone just, oh well I guess that's that. And then carry on with their fucking life. I was talking to a dude last night who's a veteran who was telling me that the hospital where these veterans get treated, they, they literally told him we are not allowed to make a connection with any of these adverse side effects to the vaccine. Even ones that are listed as vaccine side effects, they're not allowed to make that connection because they mandated the vaccine. Yeah. And this is the real problem. The reason why all these corporations and all these people don't wanna talk about it is because they mandated their employees to get vaccinated. Yeah. So they, even though there's no liability for the vaccine manufacturers, 'cause they're exempt, which is part of the problem why they fucking propose all these things anyway.

(1h 22m 40s):
Mm. But then you're not allowed to make the connection with the problem these people are having. And the fact that they got vaccinated two, three times, you're not even allowed to say that. This might have been the cause of it. They're not even allowed to bring up that connection. That's false. So they have to just treat whatever the side effect of the vaccine is without talking at all about the vaccine. Yeah. And not give any connection to it. Isn't that funny? It's Through the looking glass. Yeah. It's like we're living in the matrix, man. It really is. It's like there's complete mind control. Mm. And the idea of mind control is like no mind control's not real. Of course it's Real. It happens. I've seen it. I so many bots bro. Like sometimes I move through life and I feel like, look, we are all born like as players in this game.

(1h 23m 22s):
But everyone gets kind of programmed through. So, You know, schooling or whatever, education system, society. And then they just become bots. And I can see it as well. I can, 'cause when I was bringing it up and I would say something when people I really love and trust sometimes and then did instantly they call it Agent Smith syndrome and they decide no actually this and that. Right. Right, right. I'm like, But You know why that is? Because they got vaccinated. They Want in the club they People to get vaccinated and they don't wanna believe they made the bad decision and they don't wanna believe they coerced other people into making a bad decision. Yeah. So they want to come up with all sorts of reasons why all these health problems and all these, and then the, the overall all all cause mortality increase, which is through the roof.

(1h 24m 7s):
Yeah. And some age brackets it's 40%. Yeah. Increase in all cause mortality, strokes, cancer, heart attacks, all these things have gone through the roof and no one is making a connection. Must be just, You know, the food people are eating. Yeah. People just ignore it. Yeah. It's Just money. Even some people like that did get it. They tell me they regret getting it. Yeah. Most people, so many times I regret getting it, But I had to. 'cause if not my job was gonna fire me, then I had to, and the the fucking gaslighting thing, our former fucking prime minister, she then, oh, I don't believe we, I don't believe we coerced anyone into getting it. I don't. Yeah. And I, you just, I'm like, bitch, you literally said if you can't, if you don't get this, you can't go grocery shopping.

(1h 24m 50s):
Yeah. Can't go to restaurants. You can't do that. Can't work. Can't work. So your livelihood gone. But then we didn't, I don't think we forced anyone. We didn't force your hand. Like when people do, that's the ultimate form of gaslighting. You're just like in our face. The pressure was incredible. Yeah. The pressure was incredible. And You know, I felt it in the weirdest way. Mm. Because I saw people lying about me on CNNI was like, this is crazy. Oh, the horse tranquilizer thing. They They ch yeah they was was horse dewormer. Yeah. They, they changed the color of my face. They made me look yellow and sick. I saw That on television saw. Yeah. I'm like, if you do that to me, and by the way, no one gave a fuck that I got better real quick. That was the craziest part about it. Isn't this supposed to be about recovering from a disease here you got a guy who's recovered in three days and is telling you all the shit he took and you're lying.

(1h 25m 38s):
You're just, you're still trying to like superimpose that ceia kind of filter. Yeah. The one that got me. So, 'cause we still traveled during 2020, I did four of those. MIQ quarantines. The one where you go back to your own country and then you have to quarantine in a hotel for two weeks before you get let back into society. My coach usually did nine. A lot of those. He even told me Israel, that last one, luckily the last one, he, he was able to do it in his house, but then his family had to go live somewhere else for two weeks. He was just grateful he had it in his house. My last one, I, I remember I went outside for our fucking daily outside for what, 40 minutes or whatever.

(1h 26m 20s):
Sometimes we get shipped onto the playpen on a bus, like prisoners or whatever. And then I remember everyone was doing these circles just walking in a circle and I almost did a full circle one time and I was like, what the fuck am I doing? And then I went back into my room and I stayed in my room for the remaining 11 days. 'cause I just felt like this was too much. And then also the one that got me was third one. This lady had a a, a kid in, she maybe paraplegic or whatever. She had a, a neurological disease. And then the, the kid had a seizure while the, the mom was having a smoke somewhere. The kid had a seizure and one of the guys went and helped the mom with the kid.

(1h 27m 1s):
And the officer that helped the mom with the kid, they put him in quarantine for three days because he didn't have the correct PPE gear on. So that let me know, this isn't about looking after people, it's about punishing this guy for disobeying the law. 'cause he didn't have the so where, oh, someone's having a seizure. Hold up Miss, let me go put on this fucking overall and tape my gloves on this. Right. While this kid's dying. Exactly. Right. So, and they put him, they punished him for that. So that let me know like, okay, this is fuckery, this is a foot. Well I remember when Dan Hooker had fought over here and then he had, There was a, a picture of him being on the side of a fence looking at his daughter. Oh yeah. It was heartbreaking. Yeah. He couldn't, yeah. Couldn't see his daughter for like two Weeks.

(1h 27m 42s):
You didn't have the same thing. He had a newborn at the time. So I, I have a picture of him with his wife and his son on the other side as well. And then he just separating families, all that kind of stuff. Look, I, I like my alone time. I love, I might seem like a social butterfly and I am, I can do both. But I love my alone time and I like being inside. But when you have too much alone time, that's bad. I didn't like that. 'cause then you start to go in your head with all these other things. I mean, I didn't go crazy, but There was, I was, I was dancing on the edge. Well That was a lot of things. I Enjoyed it. People on Twitter lost their fucking mind because they were on Twitter all day long. Locked in their house during quarantine for, You know, months and months at a time.

(1h 28m 24s):
Just literally getting mentally ill. Mm. Facts just reading Twitter and attacking people and, and then blaming all these people that are unvaccinated on all the problems of the world. They just put us against each other. Yeah. Constantly. Nah. Yeah. I Just hope people don't do that again. I hope people realize like, hey, That was, no one benefited from that. No one got better. No one, it didn't help anybody survive. It was all bullshit. I hope there's another lockdown. Really? But yeah, just for like a month I think. Okay. Look, every year at least for two weeks or even some places, maybe a month. Just, alright, shut everything down, everyone go. It was good. Like, you get to spend time with your family or the people you live with and realize, do I fuck with these people or do I not?

(1h 29m 6s):
And then also build, like, build relationships and relationships, things like that. The whole world got better. The fucking ocean got cleaner. So I think it's good. Lockdown was good for that. When, when it was like, okay, but not for extended period, like six months or whatever. That was crazy. That's terrible for the economy. Yeah. Even a lockdown for a month is terrible for the economy. How So? It takes a long time to recover. Oh, true. When everything seizes and you're not getting any packages, and like right now there's a teamsters and longshoreman strike in America, which means all the docks, all the shipments saw something coming in. No one's, no one's moving. Nothing. Everything's Locked down. I think it's all to Amazon. Just for two Weeks. No, no, no, no, no. Eventually that's all gonna lock down. Oh. Eventually there's gonna be nothing.

(1h 29m 46s):
If these guys keep going, it's gonna cripple the economy. Okay. I don right now. It's only been a couple of days, but the, the head of the Longshoreman's Union was talking about what effect it's gonna have. And you basically say, I will crush You. Why are they doing it? Because they want more money. Okay. They, they feel like they have a more valuable position than they're being compensated for. And this is the way, and they're the best way they can negotiate. Like, you guys need to understand how valuable we are to your society. You take us for granted. Yeah. You don't want to give us what's fair and so we're gonna fuck you. True. And they haven't had a lockdown like that since 1977 Years. Apparently. Yeah. Damn. Like I said, it's a real one. It's a real one. Damn. It's a scary one too because it, they have an immense power and they haven't flexed it before and they're flexing it now and they're flexing it like right before an election, which is, who knows what kind of effect that's gonna have.

(1h 30m 32s):
'cause if the economy tanks because of that, and they can blame Biden and Kamala Harris. You know, it could, it could get crazy. Yeah. Oh, we'll see when that start, like a, a week ago, two weeks Ago, couple days ago. Oh really? I think it was October 1st shit. Yeah. Yeah. Interesting. I always Like it when, look, I love America, But I like watching it from New Zealand. I love, like, when I come, I love the food. Like the fucking, You know, shake Shack or the Just Delicious, like last night took so long for this burger or something, Austin to get, get to our hotel. But then when it got there, we just smash like all these smash burgers. I ate three of them so good. And I go back home and I eat clean and I get my buddy right again.

(1h 31m 12s):
But here I love it. Even when Trump won, I was stuck here for, in San Diego for about eight weeks. That's when I went to Altos Juujitsu. And I got really, really good at Jiujitsu for a while. Me and my teammates, we just thought like, when Trump wins, we need to have food for four days. 'cause it's gonna be fucking crazy. Yeah. The street's gonna, because from where we are in New Zealand, the camera only shows you this. So Trump wins. We're looking outside like, okay, safe, cool. Everyone's, and nothing's really happening. We see, You know, Trump flags on someone's lawn, Biden or whatever on someone's lawn still, it's fine. But then someone explained to me that even the, the Capitol riots when in DC they face the cameras this way, if you just turn the cameras this way, you'll see the rest of the street just normal.

(1h 32m 1s):
So from New Zealand, when we see what's happening here, it's just the biggest craziest sitcom. And again, like I said, I love America, But I like watching it from New Zealand. But I do enjoy being here. But again, watching it from New Zealand, we have our own chaos to deal with. But this one is just juicy. It's a Different kind of chaos. The whole world's watching. That's what's different. 'cause America's such a weird country that the whole world is watching when we have elections. Even Look, Trump just got almost assassinated Twice. Twice. Twice. What? None Of that. There was the second assassination attempt. No. Yeah. There was a guy who got caught with an AK 47. He was hiding the bushes for 12 hours, got in a shootout with the Secret Service. I missed all this. Yeah. Because they took it in and out of the news in like a heartbeat. Wait, He, There was a Shootout?

(1h 32m 42s):
No, the, the, the Secret Service shot at him. He fled. I don't think he shot at the Secret Service. Okay. He fled and then they caught him. When, So he this was this before or after the when? After. After. After. Okay. I see. So This is a guy who's a real lunatic. He went over Ukraine to fight for the Ukraine forces. It's a crazy person. Okay. And this guy was somehow or another armed to the tits. Even though it's illegal for him to be carrying a gun, he's a convicted felon. Damn. And he almost assassinated Trump. And it was out of the news cycle in a couple of days. They Just, I missed that completely. I didn't even know about that. This is news to me, Bro. They gloss over it. They don't give a fuck. But again, how do you gloss over that? The one with the, when he got shot and he just turned his ear crazy.

(1h 33m 26s):
There's so many things fucked up with that. You know why? I mean, I'm sure you've already talked about this with other people, but it's just the fact that it's just, they apparently saw him on the roof for what, nine minutes or something beforehand and just watched them. My so many things that just go, everything's wrong with that one. Yeah. Everything's wrong. It wasn't really secret service. A lot of those are homeland security. The, the lady with the gun that she kept on. Oh Yeah. Fumbling with the gun. Full panic. Yeah. The whole thing was madness. And the fact that that went out of the news cycle real quickly too. Nobody cares about the fact they almost killed that guy. Now it's about the debate. It's about the debate. Yeah. And they went right back to calling him a threat to democracy. Yeah. A threat to our society. And like, Hey, who was that kid? How did he die?

(1h 34m 6s):
What? What? What happened there? Yeah. How did he get ahold of those detonators? How did his apartment get completely professionally scrubbed? Mm. When they went to that kid's house, There was no silverware. His house was professionally scrubbed. And he lived by himself. Isn't he a teenager? 20 Years old. Oh, okay. Meanwhile, he was in a BlackRock commercial. BlackRock the company. Yeah. He was In a BlackRock commercial. Okay. And then, yeah, Dude, there's so much to that story. And here's the thing. Yeah. If he kills Trump and then they kill him, who knows? Mm. It's all lost. It's all in the wind. Yeah. Oh. Lone shooter. Crazy person. Unfortunately. Got ahold of Trump. You know what we need to do? Take everyone's guns. Yeah. Yeah. Because gun violence is a real problem in this country. Oh. You know, it's also a problem.

(1h 34m 46s):
Mind control. Yeah. Like what did you do to that kid? What drugs was he on? Yeah. No toxicology examination. They burned his body in 10 days. Really? FBI took a hold of his body. So they don't Bury him. No. They fucking cremated his ass. Fuck. See yeah. This is what I like. I just get the popcorn. I just go, yeah, It's nuts. It's Acra because he would've been Lee Harvey Oswald too. I mean, just like Lee, Lee Harvey Oswald allegedly shoots JFK Jack. Ruby walks up to him, bam. Shoots him. He's dead. What happened? Who knows? That's The whole magic blood theory again. I've gone down that rabbit hole to a point where I saw that it might've been the driver. Nah, no. Nah. Okay. Nah. So is is that clip ai Multiple shooters? Yeah. That, that's bullshit.

(1h 35m 26s):
Yeah. Multiple shooters for sure. Most likely people in the grassy knoll. And most likely probably somebody from where Oswald was as well. It might even been Oswald. Oswald might've taken a shot as well. Fuck. I saw this video. See this is the thing. You can't trust shit these days. No bro. I swear. Next year, I think next year it'll be when it's like you have to really know what you are watching. I'll have to question everything. 'cause now it's fingers text, I can kind of, oh, that's a bullshit. And also there's a little texture. There's a texture with the AI videos. And I'm like, that's ai. And for now, yeah, next year get better and better. Yeah. I got piss. Let's take a leak real quick. Back. Yeah, I'll take a piss as well. Talking about my documentary. It's great.

(1h 36m 7s):
So We were talking about, We were talking about before. Oh, we just went on a tangent about fucking came trails and shit. No, But I was just telling Jamie about my documentary. I said like, you should watch it as well. I said, even if it wasn't about me, I'd still recommend it. 'cause it was a well made not so sporty sportsy films. Like one of the best pictures I got sent was this lady knitting on a plane and then watching it. And I thought That was like an old lady, not her demographic. Watching MMA. She's watching me through the documentary knitting. 'cause it was something that, it was different. When did they start filming this? They came on board. Ooh, 20 oh 2018 we started talking and then they came on board with their cameras.

(1h 36m 56s):
But Jeff St. Le, who is my videographer, works for Zuck now. Literally does everything. But yeah, he had a lot of behind the scenes footage and we just put it all together talking about my kind of rise in this game. But also dealing with the, I guess the pressures of all this, You know, 'cause no one, there's no book on how to be famous, right? I had to learn this on my own. I had to learn this myself. What Was the most difficult part of it for you? For me, I think people, I just didn't expect that I knew. I, I wanted to be, when you grow up, you think I wanna be rich and famous. Like when, You know the MTV Cribs era, right?

(1h 37m 36s):
The pimp. My right era. I thought, yo, when I'm rich I'm gonna have seven cars. One for every other week I'm gonna have this many houses have real estate now differently. But also I only need two cars. I'm like, there's all these other stuff that comes through. Also, I'm not a car person like you. I just like Hot Wheels, but, But I can buy one of that one. Don't you have that McLaren though? Yeah, That's what I'm saying. Isn My best reaction when, when I rapped it was, I love seeing little boys be like, when they see it. Yeah, yeah. But not put it back to black. And I'm gonna do something different to it later on with some airbrushing. Not me, my guy Maddie, bro. But yeah, I was just people, there's even a bit in this documentary where they were just filming one day and then these kids are like, they just drove by my house and went, ah, oh my God.

(1h 38m 23s):
And they beep the horn and they kind of gave me a fright. And they came to my door and then the camera was filming. So it's in the documentary. And I, I had, I explained to them, oh, it's cool, let's take a photo rah. But then it got to a point where it'd be like 9:00 PM 10:00 PM and then, Yeah. Oh, it's home. 'cause my street, my, my house, my front door was accessible to the street. That was my first house I ever bought. Now David lives there. That's his home. And I live in this fucking complex that has a gate and a code. So if you have to get to my front door, you have to be there. And yeah, just dealing with people was the main thing for me. 'cause I didn't expect the attention I was getting. I was expecting it. But I guess the variable of the unknown.

(1h 39m 6s):
So yeah, I just had to learn how to protect my energy and protect my, some boundaries. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like today, after lunch, excuse me, I, I'd say yes to photos. But if I feel like, say I'm at the airport, if I say yes to you, you've had this before. We say yes to one and people are like, oh, he's taking photos and it becomes like a zombie apocalypse. And I'm like, yo, I, I gotta go somewhere. So if I tell someone like, yo, I can't right now. If I say yes to you, I gotta say, oh please. Just one. And I'm like, it's not just one. Right. You don't understand. Yeah. And then I'm the, I'm the asshole. But I, and I, I love my fans and I love people who actually support me and I try and make time for them. But then also I have to make time for me.

(1h 39m 46s):
Yeah. Because I've been there before where it's pretty much, I'm just there. And then on my turn, my turn, I'm like, bro, I'm not even having fun. I don't even have kids yet. But when I have kids, that's when I'm gonna be like, nah. Yeah. My youngest daughter won't have it. She grab me and drag me away. Good. Like, when people try to take photographs, she hates it. Good. My middle daughter doesn't, it doesn't bother her that much. But the youngest daughter, she gets fucking angry. Like, they're stealing my daddy's attention from me. Thank you. Yeah. For me, even If I, okay, when, if I go on a date or whatever and someone sees me and tries to take a photo, I just go, I'm on her time right now. You have to ask her. Or if I'm with my family, I just say no. Especially when you're sitting down having dinner.

(1h 40m 26s):
That's crazy. When they come up to the table, like, come on man, get the fuck outta here. I think it's social awareness this day and age and everyone, and You know what, it's, it's funny. I can feel it coming once they see me. 'cause they look like they're about to pull out a gun. Right. That's what it feels like every time they do it. I'm just like, and I say yes to most of it, but there's times I'll say no. So that would be, I'd say the di the most difficult thing so far was just dealing with people. But again, I do like people, but also I don't like some people, some people just so entitled. Entitled. Yeah. They just come up at you and it's just like, bro, You feel like you owe them something because they know who you are. I'm Like it. So I'm like, you are not even a fan. Sometimes it's, it's this thing where they just see people taking photos of, I want a photo too. Right.

(1h 41m 6s):
I'm like, you don't even know what I do. But I like, oh, can I get one please? I, yeah. Who are you? Yeah. Oh yeah. I love that. You know why I Like it when someone doesn't genuinely know who I am. But when they, oh, I'm sorry. I don't know you. I'm like, it's okay. My name's Israel. 'cause I got to meet them on a first name basis. Right. But one of the best ones and the best replies I gave one time was these three chicks and or two guys. They were just, You know, oh my God. Fan, fan, fan. And one of them was like, excuse me, but who are you? I was like, I'm Nowhere. It's always a girl. Yeah. And then she came back again like three more times. She like, excuse me, but like, who are you? I don't even know who you are. And I was like, bitch, I don't know who you are. And then her face was just like, ah. And I just left it alone. But again, I prefer meeting people on a first name basis.

(1h 41m 46s):
Right. It makes me feel like I get to know you and you get to know me without some preconceived notion of what you've seen on TV or YouTube. Yeah. Yeah. That's, I love when someone doesn't know who I am now. Me too. Now it's nice. Now I can have a regular conversation with someone. Amen. Amen. You know, like, what do you do? You're like, I'm a comedian. Oh, have you ever been on television? Yeah. Okay. A couple of times. Oh, look out for you. Okay, good. No, I like those because that way it's just, just Two people talking to each other. It's real. I like what you said, protect your energy. 'cause that's really what it is. 'cause if you give up your energy to everyone, you will get lost. Yeah. You will get lost. I learned that the, the, the week before the Robert Whitaker fight in Melbourne. So I had this epiphany and then did the fight.

(1h 42m 28s):
Did well. And again, You know how I told you after my UFC debut, it was all this attention and stimulus that when I went home, boom. Right. And for like a month, I just felt sad. And I'm thinking like, nothing's wrong. I'm so fucking like, I should be happy. I should be happy. Right. And that's when I started gonna therapy. But then I learned through the techniques and tools I've got from that, how to protect myself. So before the Rob fight, I felt the same thing again. 'cause my girl at the time had to drag me away from the after party. 'cause I hid in the after party. I hid in the toilet, I had a drink. Jesus Christ. Put all the seats down, just sat there. And then she's like, where are you at? I'm like, I'm in the toilet. So I just sent her a text and she's like, nah, I'm coming to grab you.

(1h 43m 9s):
So we went to go get rhyming somewhere. And then at the hotel, before I flew out, I just put out a something on my story saying, look guys, I appreciate the love and all that. If you see me, you can come say what's up? If you come yelling at me, I'm just gonna walk away. It's the yelling thing. And I think that's, that's learned behavior. They say, oh my God, Yeah. Joe Rogan, I'm a, and same rhetoric. I'm a huge fan. I love you since this, I've watched you since this. And it's the same like bot responses. Yeah. NPC responses. And they're yelling. But if someone just comes up like, Hey man, I'm a big fan. Do you mind if I take a pic? Cool, let's go. And they make it quick. They're ready. They're not going, oh, excuse me, what are you doing here? Right. I'm just like, yo, don't hold me hostage.

(1h 43m 50s):
Let's just go like, take the picture. I like those. But if we have a genuine connection and our vibe with someone and we end up talking for like five minutes, even better. But you can't try and facilitate that. But yeah, it's when people come And then they hang around and then they won't leave. Yeah. And I'm just, don't hold me hostage with your conversation. There's A, do you remember the first time you met a famous person? You I did something real Silly. You would remember this. And I, I, this is another one of those things. Oh, I can tell you now. 'cause We were boys, But I met you at UFC 1 92 when Dan Fall. Yay. And I met you backstage at The Weighs. And then I came to say, what's up?

(1h 44m 31s):
And then I, I did. I fucking bought shit, bro. Then I was like, Bro, do you remember my friend Chris, he took a photo with you and they, that's a video, huh? And you're like, yeah, a lot of people do that. And I was like, Oh yeah. And Then for the next like five vs. Idiot, idiot. Why'd you say that? And I just felt cringed. But I got over it eventually. But again, it's one of those things that you learn. Yeah. Certain things I learned, even with Stoop one time at Staple Center, when it was a Staples Center, I ended up smoking with him. But then I filmed it and then afterwards I remember thinking like, why did you do that?

(1h 45m 13s):
Like, you should have just enjoyed the fucking moment. Right. I Right. And I cringe at myself when I like, I'm like, who doesn't wanna fucking smoke with Snoop Dogg? Right. But why did I have to film it so I can show people? I don't even think I, I did I post it? I did post it. Yeah. Of course I posted it. But, But again, it's one of those things I learned now. So there's people I've met, places I've been now that I just, I enjoyed the experience and it is what it is. I don't need a photo. Right. It's in here. I've taken snapshots. Well, but You've had those experiences. That's where I give people grace when they're first meeting me. It's like, I get it. I remember the first time I met someone famous. It's weird. Yeah. It's a weird feeling. You know, You Like, you don't remember that one, do you? I Don't good For the next five hours up until the next day.

(1h 45m 56s):
I think the fights here the next day. I was just like, okay. Then I kind of go over it and I just think, and I told Chris when I went home, like, yeah, I told 'em about that. And I felt so stupid. It's like, But I know now it's better. 'cause when I meet people I really appreciate, I don't geek out or what. Even if it's so, I'm just like, yo, that's that person. I kind of birdwatch them and if they recognize me, one of the coolest ones was Eminem in Saudi Arabia. 'cause everyone's trying to get a photo. And then my, my guy Ike Secure just goes, Hey M Israel, would I take a photo? He goes, oh yo, what's up? And he came and took a photo with me and I outta everyone. He, I, he like, he let me take a photo with him. So I was like, he, I felt cool 'cause it's Eminem, You know what I mean? So things like that I'll appreciate. And certain moments like that I appreciate.

(1h 46m 37s):
But I don't, I don't force it. I don't try and facilitate it. I just let it be. I just let it be. And if I get it cool and I don't need it. That's the thing. You don't need to take a photo for everything. Right. Just enjoy the moment. Just enjoy the moment. Yeah. Enjoy the interaction, enjoy the energy. But I understand the weirdness of meeting someone famous. 'cause I, I do remember it. It's just, it's an odd feeling. You don't know what to do. You feel weird. You say dumb things. You don't know why you're saying 'em. And then you're like, what did I Just do? I'm better now. The coolest one I think I had was Trump. What was this? Vegas at the fights. I haven't even the, the clip was one of the UFC's thing. The documentaries. And I saw was like, oh yo, America's last Hope. What's up? I dap them up and, and Jana's there just smiling.

(1h 47m 19s):
And then we are talking, we just dapping up and talking. And then he's like, enjoy your fight. This and that, rah. And it wasn't weird. 'cause again, I can understand like, I'm meant to be here now. I felt right. Sometimes I get in. You belong imposter syndrome sometimes, right? It still creeps in. I don dunno if you still get it. Yeah. It still creeps in. But I know how to identify it now. Yeah. And I go right, I'm gonna shut it down. Like any emotion. But yeah, That was one of the cooler ones I had where I was like, okay, I handled myself well. I wasn't an idiot and, and many other ones. But yeah. The ones, and there will be more. I used to get imposter syndrome so bad. Yeah. Where I'd meet people like, like I can't believe You know who I am. I gotta hide. You should know who I am. Oh yeah. I know who you are. You should know me. I'm A fucking loser.

(1h 47m 59s):
I felt that A little bit yesterday. But I went to the mothership A little bit. But again, you watch it on YouTube ball all the time. You're like, oh my God. Me and my boys like, we are here. This is cool. Rah rah. And then only for A little bit. But I realized, ah, I'm meant to be here. 'cause everyone's standing around me. I'm kind of, yeah. Having to hold court, But I kind of just wanna shut up and just be like, Yeah, this is cool. You know, just enjoy. Yeah. But everyone's around me and I was just cool. And Ari was the man, bro. He's just such a, he's a funny dude. So tall and talking about kickboxing with him and Yeah. But I probably head there tonight, see what's up and I'll try and It's a fun place. No geek out so much. Yeah. Play it cool. Play it Cool. Play it cool. Yeah.

(1h 48m 40s):
That's a fun place. We have so many people roll through it too. It's, it's so interesting. Like all of a sudden jelly rolls there. Yeah. You Know, just, no, you guys did it, man. Like you literally, I think it, was it Ron White that kind of started the, You know, the idea and then all of you started to just march to Austin one by one. Yeah. He came here before the pandemic. Yeah. And he was the one who put it in my head because You know, Rams, I fucking love it here. It's easy to travel. It's, I Can see the Middle of the country. It's a beautiful place. No traffic. People are nice. I just came back from LA So the contrast is definitely, you can see it. Oh it's so much better here. And it's better for comedy. It's just, 'cause it's, it's the only club in the country that's owned by a comedian. True. It's free. It's like, you could be yourself, there's no executives or producer Because you Yeah.

(1h 49m 23s):
It's just me. I don't even have any partners. So wait, it's just me. Excuse me. When you say that, you mean like, do people have to pay at other comedy clubs to perform there? Only when you are very, very beginning and it's corrupt comedy clubs that you have to pay for stage time. Yeah. That's, that's not normal. That's something taking advantage of amateur so they can make extra money. So they could justify open mic nights and stuff like that. But that's not a lot of clubs. Most clubs, You know, it's, you have amateur nights. They all should have it. But some We have two nights. Yeah. We have two nights of open mic nights. So we, we just want to make it a real place where people can develop. Yeah. From the very beginning you could do your first set on stage ever at the mothership.

(1h 50m 6s):
And eventually headline there. Some Day. I've seen it Cam Patterson, some of these guys. Yeah. They start there and now they just Whew. Killing it. Yeah. Hard Work. Yeah. Hard work. Just grinding that kid's in that club every fucking night. He's always, and he's traveling all over the place. All over town. Doing different clubs. Yeah. Going on the road. He's, You know, he's doing, he's making the most of the experience. And for someone like me, just a fan of comedy in general, it's fun to see the process of them starting up. And then, 'cause I was, I, I used to listen to kill Tony, my old job, just so I didn't go postal. I just like sit there with my headphones in and the hoodie on just to hide it so they don't know I'm doing it. I'm just like, and then now to see where it's become and then You know where on the street is they go, You know, saying coming up.

(1h 50m 49s):
Yeah. And I'm like, oh shit. So it's gonna be on there and then it's gonna be even bigger. Yeah. You know what I mean? It's fun to see that. And I've seen a lot of comics like just grow and then seeing the as sets develop, all that kind of thing. And look, I know how hard it is now, just watching that. 'cause you think, ah, I've made a joke before I can do it. Nah. And seeing people bomb and kill Tony after just 60 seconds, I'd just like, yeah, nah, fuck all that. I'd fight in front of millions of people with the stand in front of a crowd and try and make them laugh. Just that. Yeah. It's a weird kind of rejection. It's, Thank you. That's what It is. A feeling's. It's a terrible feelings. Oh shit. That didn't land. Ha.

(1h 51m 30s):
Escape, escape, escape. You can't do shit. You just like, nah, fuck this shit. But You also see other people can do it. So you gotta figure out a way to do it. And it, that's part of the challenge of it all. It's why it's so exciting to succeed. Yeah. It's not, I mean that's, you guys the expert. It's Hard, You know, but it's also fun. I mean, it's the most fun thing to do for a living. And you could do it forever, You know, all the time. You don't, don't have to rely on your body being fit enough to do it. You know, fighting Fighting is so unique because there's a small window you have from, You know, 18 to maybe 38 if you're lucky. Or you could be a Yoel Romero and compete like deep into your forties. But he's the rarest of the rare, or Bernard Hopkins, You know, world championship level at 50.

(1h 52m 10s):
Yeah. Crazy. But those are the outliers for most people. There's a small window. Make The most of it. Make as much and Money MA that window's the smallest. Yeah. It is the smallest of all the combat sports That even make it to the top. Yeah. God, think about how many guys have an amateur fight versus how many guys like make it to a, just a world title fight. Just to fight for a world title. Thank you. And forget about defending the world title. Like what you've done is like the rarest of the rarest of the rare. And then win it back again. Thank you. You know, it's so Rare. Yeah. Like, but I've seen people throughout the walks of life in gyms I've trained at that. I'm like, I think you're better than me. But they just never made it. They never got the experience or the exposure.

(1h 52m 51s):
Also, when the lights are on, they shut down. Yeah. And they don't show up. And I'm like, you are better than what I, than this. But again, Gym champions. Yeah. Yeah. That's a real thing, man. With people that perform so well with no pressure. And then when that pressure's on, they're like 30% of what they are. Yeah. You see them make the mental mistakes. Yeah. You see them rush in and it's, it's weird. It takes skill to learn how to perform under the lights. But also you have to have that thing like you have to know you're that guy or you have to have that belief in yourself. So again, I'm glad I've done it and I'm glad I'm doing it, but now I'm just like, I just wanna fight. I just wanna fight. Have fun. And again, it's weird.

(1h 53m 32s):
Like I just know that fucking gold belt always circles back around. I don't chase it. Never have. And I knew it would always be that at some point. But yeah, it will. And in the moment, bro, if I'm not happy with what I've done in this game, what's gonna make me happy? Right, right. How could you be? Right. Exactly. Exactly. You've, you've, I mean, think about how many times you've defended the title, you won the title, you beat the greatest guys of your generation. How could you not be happy with what you've done already? But I still feel great. And again, it's, this is, You know, when fighters talk about I lost a belt, I felt this pressure lifted, whatever. Yeah. I never felt that when I lost it in MSG, I was just like, I'm gonna fight this guy again. And I got it back.

(1h 54m 12s):
But then when I lost it, not to Strickland, but even this last one, There was the only time when I was just like, eh, I didn't, well I wasn't a champ I guess. But when I, when I, this last fight was the first time I felt that like, well, But I still feel like I'm that guy. 'cause a lot of people still have that target on my back. 'cause I'm Israel, I dish Sonia. But having to fight for the belt, having to fight with that thing, I don know. This is the first time I've ever felt that where I'm like me, I'm good. So I'm just gonna see what happens. Train get better and fight again at some point. Ooh, Just concentrate on the task instead of this whole thing of the titles and Yeah.

(1h 54m 55s):
Yeah. Because I feel like when you have the title, there's all this spotlight on you. There still is a spotlight on me, but it's not the same thing. And now I get to enjoy A little bit more. Almost freedom in, in a sense. But I've heard fighters talk about it heaps. So I, again, for me, I never felt it till recently that I'm like, ah, I get what they mean now. When they talk about the pressure, the pressure's still there, but it's not the same. And I'm like, cool. I get to just fight for me now. I get to have fun. Yeah. Just, I wanna try some crazy shit. Like I actually wanna fight and just do some, I wanna go back to the way I used to fight when we didn't have so much on the line. Because it's not just about me, it's about the people that are around me that, You know, I have to not have to.

(1h 55m 38s):
But You know, like if I do good, everybody eats. You know what I mean? So now that we still do good, we still eat, but it's like, ah, fuck the belt. We'll just have fun. So I just wanna go back to having fun the way I used to fight when I was a young fucking schizo frier who just did shit for fun. Like the fucking Tava fight and the round one, I'm like, I'm gonna try a minari role and see what that does. And I kind of missed it. But yeah, I'm gonna bring that back. I kind of wanna do that. That kind of shit again. Just 'cause So do you think that like as the stakes are higher, the pressure is more and it just restricts your creativity, it restricts your ability to just be loose? It did in at first, but the longer you defend the belt, it happened to Anderson as well.

(1h 56m 22s):
It happened to Anderson as well. I saw it. 'cause I watched Anderson's rise and I saw the, even to the point where people wanted him to lose just 'cause he was so great. Right. It was just, and then it's just that natural thing where people build Joe. 'cause they wanna tear you down. And I felt that happen to me as well. They're like, ah, we just wanna see him lose. And when it happened, they're like, yeah. And then when I won it again it was like, yeah and I lost it. They're like, yeah. So it's just natural. Yeah. It's natural way of, I don't know, the mob of humans or whatever, the fans, it's just how it is. The coliseum. Well there's Always a bunch of people that don't like that you've accomplished something they will never accomplish. Mm Oh, there's always them. They, yeah. And so they do wanna watch you fall.

(1h 57m 3s):
Yeah. Because it makes them feel better about their lack of success. What did Dave say? Someone rejoices when a great man falls. Yeah, it was a great quote. He had the cowards one. The specials, the cowards. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's The truth. Yeah. Facts. I've seen it. Yeah. I've even felt it as well. Like where you're just like, I wonder what would happen if he loses. Like it'll just shake the whole landscape of things up. So you just wonder. Like, I felt it, I think with Floyd, I just wonder, not that I wanted him to lose because I, I'm a big Floyd fan, But I was just like, what would happen if he lost this fight? You like, oh shit. And, but that's what makes it exciting. You never know, You know. But yeah, anyway, I'm just here now and I'm just like, cool, let's have fun. Let's fight.

(1h 57m 42s):
Let's just get some, You know, some good matchups. But again, I'm in a spot now that we've got, Rob comes up fighting, DDP and Sean are gonna fight. And I can't think of what, who else Is DDP in Sean Set in stone? I think it's not set in stone, but it's what they're looking at. Yeah. When is that supposed to take place? Next year sometime. But I'm trying to get something in this year. So we'll see. There's already a few call outs, You know, here and there. But like who, the guy that just won in France, I forget his name. Did he, he win the, not the main event. Ov. Yeah. He said something and I'm like, we'll see, it'll be a good fight. It'll be fun. But again, what has he done?

(1h 58m 22s):
He beat Brandon Allen. You know, but, and is that five round worthy? 'cause I'm, I'm never doing three rounds again. All my fights are probably gonna be five. If I ever do a three round again, fuck. Let's go. Would you want to? Because like there's some three rounders that I feel like we got robbed that it wasn't a five round. They like Ian and Charles Olivea. That was a good, Oh yeah, That was a good example of that Scrap. That was a scrap. Such a crazy fight. I was dead alive as well. Olivea almost caught him a couple times with submissions. He went flat at that point. Yeah, man. And lost a controversial decision. Like very close decision. And then I feel like you give him two more rounds, who knows what would've happen. Yeah. Another one was Hamza and Kama.

(1h 59m 6s):
Oh yeah. That third round Kama was coming on strong off The couch as well. Yeah. Off the couch. 10 days. 10 days notice. Crazy fighting at 85. Yeah. 170 pound champion right off the title loss. And then, You know, third round he wins and you're like, God, what would've happened fourth and fifth? Yeah. Yeah. That's when some people come alive. It's like, let's go. Yeah. Especially champions. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I can't do five, but again, I say three. I just feel like I would fight like, like a bat outta hell. I just feel Like it would be different. But again, it's not even, I, I do enjoy the, the time in the cage, but even training for five round fights, a lot of people train for three rounds fights, but they don't understand. Everyone wants to be champion. So you gotta train for five rounds and it's like, oh shit, you gotta do this shit.

(1h 59m 47s):
You have five rounds of the spider circuit. Oh shit. That's where you find out the men from the boys, you separate. So yeah, I do like a five round fight. And also you don't get paid by the round. So sometimes fights end like that. So yeah. That's up to you. Yeah. So do you have a timeline of like, when you would like to fight again, how many fights you'd like to have? Because I know you're 35 now. How long do you think you're gonna do this? I don't know. Like I said, I thought I would be 34 and I'm done with this. I always just thought like, yeah, when I'm 34 I'm done. But then I'm here now and I feel great. So I'm like, let's see, three more years. Who knows? Who knows.

(2h 0m 27s):
Fucking kid might come out nowhere. I'm like, oh shit, I'm done with this game. I'm looking this Anymore. Is there any fights that like, like Strickland that you'd like to do Again? Oh yeah. Strickland and DDP Strickland won definitely. 'cause that fight was not me. And again, I don't make excuses. He, it was just another Dave Chappelle quote, you have to realize when it's your time. I can't remember how he's such a fucking philosopher. Whether a, he said something about like, when it's your time, you have to know when it, and be humble enough to know when it's someone else's. You know what I mean? That was just his week. That was just his and everything. So I just, You know, his time let him have it. But I, I definitely know what I can do. And I took his best shots and I just know like, yeah, I can take this guy.

(2h 1m 8s):
I, I know what I can do. Not similar to the per one where I, You know, I was winning. But this one I definitely know what I can do with this guy. Yeah. What did, So it was that one shot that cracked you in that first round. Yeah. That changed the whole momentum of that fight. Yeah. Straight punches, beat looping a linear punches. He caught me good. And then the moment I remember thinking like, oh shit, this nigga's hitting me. Oh shit is hitting me. And I went to Mark, like, you see the picture, like I'm okay. Right. And then even he told me my next fight with DDP, he's like, don't do that. Don't have to do that. You just have to find a way out. But it was hitting me and I was thinking like, oh shit, this is really happening. Fuck. And I had to fight out the position and just get back on him.

(2h 1m 49s):
But yeah. Just How Much damage did he do in that exchange? In that exchange? Nah, not really much. Just the one shot. The one shot was one that got me, but the rest was just kind of like, nothing really got through. It was just a lot of flurries and it looked violent. But that's why I was able to look at Mark and be like, yeah, we're good. But yeah, that'll come back. I see what happens with him and DDP. He could win, You know, beat him. And then We almost won the first time. Yeah. It was close. Very, it was close. Very close. Yeah. It was, yeah. That was a, a rough fight. Even at the end they were just swinging. I was just Like, but they had nothing left in the tank. Yeah. Like you see strick and it's Like it was all arms. Arms. Yeah. There was nothing in the tank. Yeah, they emptied out. Well, we'll see, we'll see what happens in that fight.

(2h 2m 31s):
And yeah, at the moment I just, I look, I kind of like the feeling of not knowing. 'cause sometimes people ask, who you gonna fight next? When you gonna fight again? I'm like, I don't know. I'm just chilling. So again, I'm just gonna keep training and sometimes short notice shit happens. You know what I mean? And it's like, right, well I'm already in shape. Fuck, let's go. Right. Yeah. But we'll see. So stay ready. Yeah, stay ready. Like I said, I've done the testing already and I know where I'm at after this. I'm gonna go get some work in and yeah, even on the road I try, bro, I love this food there. But fuck, I know when I get home I'm gonna have to take all this off and I know it will come off. 'cause I've got, You know, good nutritionist now and stuff. But yeah, I just try to stay ready.

(2h 3m 12s):
You guys don't have barbecue in New Zealand? Oh we do. Oh yeah. No we do. You have like a Terry Blacks in New Zealand? Yeah, They have. Oh, just even the food there. I think the quality is different. But also I try to stay off Uber Eats as much as possible. Now I have Matt cooking for me. So if I want something, I'll see something on the reels. Matt, can you please make this? He'll be like, yeah, cool. Boom. And he'll just make it it that night. And you Don't bullshit in it. Yeah, in camp it'll be healthy. But right now I can, I can stretch my legs A little bit, add some cheese, whatever. But yeah, I just stay ready. That's the main thing. Just stay ready. Your camp, that city kickboxing gym, it's what a fucking gem that is. Like, there's so many killers coming out of that.

(2h 3m 53s):
And Oberg now on the rise. Yeah. God damn that dude's good. Yeah, there's so many. Yeah, He's so tall and dangerous. There's so many good fighters coming out of there now. Even recently we had Cam Aren to, and then Navajo fight on a contender series. Navajo was the only one to get a contract. And he got it with the hook. Actually, I don't know if you saw that fight. I didn't. Yeah, Navajo Sterling, he knocked out the guy in the second round. So now he's in the UFC. He got a contract and he's gonna fight this year, I think in December. So he's already in camp for his next fight. 'cause he was kind of fresh coming off that fight. So yeah, he's another guy that this, Oh yeah, that's him.

(2h 4m 35s):
Yeah, the guy in the red big nav boom. And they set him up, boom, Boom Out. And the guy at fault was tough too. Came strong in the first front, but Navajo was able to put him away. Another king in the ring champion as well. I think he's two time king in the ring champion. What weight is that at Light heavyweight. Damn. That's A big fella. So he's the guy in my Miami fight with Perta. He helped me a lot. Ben Johnston helped me a lot with the looks, You know. But yeah, he, he's just a fucking savant. The next level Kickboxer, but knows how to grapple. He, he looks at shit, downloads it. Drills it, and he's using it on you straight away. Or the next day. It's just one of those guys.

(2h 5m 16s):
Mm. And he loves to fight. He's a guy who just stays in the gym, stays raid. Like I said, he's got a fight already locked in. Even losses. Gotta fight. Oh, he's fighting. And Macau, You know, what's his name? No time. Yeah. Vuca Today. Yeah, ULCA S Yeah. That's a good fight. I like that for Carlos. Who else? Yeah, so I, I like the gym, the way it's growing. Even on the local scene as well, you have a lot of guys who are just coming up in the local scene and they're looking at us 'cause of what we've done. No government funding, no backing from the, the sports, what do you call it in New Zealand? They try to stifle us during Covid, You know, moving the goalpost saying or you can quarantine in the gym.

(2h 5m 57s):
Okay now you can't quarantine in the gym. We're sneaking around trying to find places to train. They're following us reporters, taking photos, putting us in the papers, making us look bad. We are disobeying the law. Think about your grandma or that kind of stuff. So yeah, we've done it our own way and we're still, I think we're still one of the best gym, if not the best gym in the world. That's why I'm there. Only reason I'm in New Zealand is 'cause of city kickboxing. If not for that place, I definitely would still be there to see my family. But I would've probably moved All over the place. Like Melbourne. I definitely would've lived in Melbourne for a while. Like Melbourne. I love Melbourne, Australia, Canada somewhere. Melbourne's great. Yeah, Melbourne. I just like the, the culture, the food. It was here in Austin, Australia and, and New Zealand.

(2h 6m 38s):
They just have such restrictive laws. Yeah. And the government has such control over people. And I didn't realize it until the pandemic. Yeah. And then I was like, Jesus Christ, That's why I gotta play the game, Joe. Yeah. Keep moving. I play the game as it says, like it's almost egotistical in the sense The Rules are therefore a reason. And I am a law abiding citizen, but sometimes there's certain things where I think like The laws doesn't, doesn't apply to me. You know what I mean? That's why I don't follow politics. I only ever voted recently in New Zealand. 'cause of the fucking referendum they were gonna make marijuana legal. I was like, okay, that applies to me.

(2h 7m 18s):
I'll vote for that. So that, what do you call it? One policy voters or whatever the other laws and stuff. I'm like, man, unless if it's something crazy, like someone decides, oh we're gonna tax the rich 50% of their money, then I'm like, that applies to me. Then I'll vote. So when I say the law doesn't apply to me, it's in the sense of like, I don't really care about what their policies are, You know? So yeah, that's how I live. And I'm able to travel a lot, which I'm grateful for. But yeah, if it wasn't for CKB, I definitely would've, would've left NZ or maybe traveled more, checked out Europe or You know, shit like that. But right now as I'm fighting, maybe after fighting, I will, You know, after fighting New Zealand Is beautiful. Oh it is beautiful. Spot to live.

(2h 7m 58s):
I like the pace. I do like the pace. And again, I like watching America and the rest of the world from New Zealand. 'cause it's just like this little corner of the world. Just like chilling and just, Oh yeah, kiwi mate, good day. You know? And then, yeah, just see what happens in the rest of the world. And we still get a lot of things happening culturally that are relevant to the world. But yeah, I definitely wanna travel after fighting. And I get to travel. Like I'm in fucking Austin, Texas now, You know, talking to you after, where was I after this? I'm gonna New York. Yeah. I'm sure I'll be somewhere else on the planet at some point. But yeah. What do you think you wanna do when this is over? So I have a plan in place. 'cause I know me, I'm an adrenaline junkie, so I know I'll need something every, like maybe th twice a year where I feel like I'm gonna die.

(2h 8m 47s):
So one of my plans is, That's such a crazy Thing to say, But I get it. That's why I have a McLaren and You know, I've, You know, never crashed it. Amen. But yeah, so for me, like I, I skydived twice already in the last year. That was fun. So again, if I said, okay, I'm done fighting now, then okay, the running in the, with the bulls, cool, let's do that. And I'll just train for that. And then when it's time to, I'll go to Spain or whatever and get ready for that. And then go run with the bulls. Cool. That's the really? Yeah. That'll be fun. It's dangerous. You could die. Yeah. But that's a dumb way to die. Yeah. Dumb way to die.

(2h 9m 29s):
There's many fighting a dumb way to die too. It's a glor. It's glorious. It's glorious. It's a glorious way. But Getting stomped to death by a bull is not a good way to die. Yeah. Well I mean, what are the, what do I have? So what's another one? Okay, let's say I go to the outback, go learn. I don't know, to jump on a crocodile and save it from some, I don't know. There'll be something, I'll find things I'm, there's always something I'll find something to do that'll make me feel like I'm, my life is in danger. So You feel like you're gonna need that forever? Because If not, you just fall. A lot of guys, they come back and fight again. 'cause they miss that. Oh You know, I was that guy.

(2h 10m 9s):
I was that guy. And those especially who never made it to the pinnacle or what they wanted to do. Then they still have that dissatisfaction and then they come back to try and reclaim that glory. Yeah. Do it for less money. And then they fall short. They become journeymen, become alcoholics, drug addicts, You know, shit like that. So I, I don't wanna also, who knows? I, my main thing though is definitely start a family. That's one thing I wanna do after fighting. It'll happen. I'm not, I don't go looking for that shit. 'cause when you do, you find the wrong thing. And I've made that mistake before. Yeah. We're not gonna make that mistake again. So I know it'll happen for me and when it does, I'm gonna be a great dad.

(2h 10m 49s):
You Can't convince yourself that it's good. You gotta, it has to be good relationship. Oh, the, Oh yeah. Facts. Oh yeah. There's a Lot of people that want a great relationship. So they talk themselves into one and then next thing You know, you're with some girls going through your phone. I Go talk into one. That's the thing. So now I know, I'm like, okay, bet we're doing that. You got Talked Into one. Oh just, You know, when you, when you fall in love, you just Stupid because I'm Such a lover As well. I'm so soft. So I, But I learned my lesson and again, it's one of those things you just have to go through. And I'm grateful for the experience. I'm grateful that I did. 'cause now I know exactly what not to do next time. So that's why I don't look, I'm single. 'cause I just enjoy myself.

(2h 11m 29s):
I enjoy not being responsible for someone else's emotional state. You know? Right. Especially as a fighter. Right. Because You know, You know this, You know fighters when they have to deal with shit. Yeah. Before a fight, before the cost of fight, the shit I had to deal with. Woo. Yeah. It was, oh my god. And I was quarantining at the gym as well. So that kind of stuff, I don't wanna deal with, I just wanna focus on me. There's a problem that girls, when they think that you are busy with something else and you don't care about, you're not paying attention to them, they're not your primary focus. Gotta be the center Of your world. They get very upset. I've seen guys where they're, they're getting ready for a fight and their girl starts fights with them. Like as they're weighing in, You know?

(2h 12m 9s):
Okay, not that bad. At least she knew better. But still, it's just, look, it's, it's more about, I also don't try and compete with your, your your, your husband or your boyfriend or me. You'll lose. It's not like in a sense like, this is what I do for a living. You don't have to try and compete, You know? Right. It's weird, like when someone tries to compete with their, their person or whatever, it's like, I know. It's nuts. Yeah. This is meant to be a partnership. Right. The intimate person in your life wants you to fail 'cause they're competing with you and they want, they want to get over on you. But thing is What's good for me is good for us. What's good for you is good for us. Right. If you're a team. So again, if you're a team, I'm learning and I'm not looking, 'cause I think that's, that ship sailed in the sense like when I look at someone like say even O'Connor with D Devlin, that's fucking cool.

(2h 12m 56s):
I love that she's still with 'em to this day. They go how many kids together? That's cool. Regardless of what the state of their relationship is now it's like, look, she was with him when he was no one and she believed in them. That kind of stuff is rare these days when I see it in other people, I'm just like, right. They still love in the air Joe. It's still out there. Sometimes it Works. Yeah, it can work. But boy, you gotta find the right person. No, they gotta find you. Yeah. I'm, I'm something. Look at, I'm not looking. I'm just chilling. I actually got on the hinge the other day just for fun in la. I was like, lemme see, I hate these apps. I don't use those. I try to get on R. They still have me on the fucking waiting list for fucking the last two years. I'm like, might not cool enough. Oh, that's hilarious. But I went on hinge in LA just to see, just to see what's up.

(2h 13m 36s):
But it's just funny. It's just funny to see the experience. A couple interactions. It was cool, But I was like, ah, this is what people do now. It felt like the questionnaire to get on Hinge, I thought it was gonna be like this thing. Cool, cool, cool. Put some pictures up. I'm like, am I trying to do an adoption of some shit? Because it's like, what is this and what is your primary focus? And I'm like, I spent like 20 minutes doing the whole thing. So it's up now. I still have it on in Austin. I'm like, ah. That's Just for fun. For the low, just the line out there for the low. For the, for the low. Just for the Lows. Yeah. Yeah. Easy. Nah, Well, it's, You know, you have to protect your time. That's the problem. It's like you only, especially when you're doing something like fighting, there's the amount of time and dedication that's required to be at your very best is insane.

(2h 14m 22s):
And there's nothing Like it. There's nothing Like it. Even in sports, if you're a basketball player, you have to play basketball, you have to practice, but you, there's a lot more free time. Yeah, a lot more free time. And it doesn't drain your body the way fight training does. The consequences is different. Right, bro. What it's like after a game of rugby or whatever, cool. I don't know how the, the fucking, the brackets work or whatever. Even the basketball or football, soccer. But then you get to play the next day or the next, not the next day. Sometimes the next week, You know, fighting. It's not always like that. And also, if you get hurt, you get hurt badly and you suspension six months and you have to wait. And then if you don't, if you're not strong, mentally, I've seen people break.

(2h 15m 5s):
Yeah, for sure. I've seen them break and it's just like, fuck, come on man. You can, you're better than this. So, yeah, for me, fighting takes everything. It takes everything. And I've done well in this game and sometimes in the beginning I didn't give everything. So that's why now that I'm at this age, I'm like, yo, give everything. So that way when I'm done, I just know I did everything I could to be the best. And I was, and I'm proud of myself. So I'm, yeah, I'm still here, man. I'm still You. Like I said, I'm not fighting for, You know, a belt or anything anymore. That'll come around when it does. But it's just, I'm just fighting. Just 'cause I, I have bro, a submission is more worthy to me than a third belt.

(2h 15m 48s):
Like I'm gonna get that. Really? Yeah. I'm gonna get that. It's gonna, and it's, I'm not gonna look for it. It's gonna present itself and I'm gonna get it and I'll be like, right. I take that off. Cool. Because I've done a lot of cool shit in this game. It's more like just the highlights and I just know I can, so that's, that's more worthy to me at the moment. And that's like a maybe ego thing or personal thing. But yeah, that's just me though. Do You have a timeline on how much longer you wanna fight for? Like I said, right now I say three years, but I'll be 38. That's probably the end. Yeah. Where guys can compete at the, the high, like Jared Cannonier got to like 38, 30, 39, starting to fall off A little bit. And the last two fights, he's lost.

(2h 16m 28s):
I think GSP stopped just around there as well. 37 maybe when He fought Bisping. Yeah. But who knows. That's what I'm saying. It's like, I feel, I don't think I'm gonna fight at 40, I don't think. I think that's not me. I'll be, I'll be, nah. Even for me as a person, I'm like, nah, I'd rather be doing something else. But 38 right now is in my head. Who knows? Fucking 36, 37. I'm just like, right. Peace, I'm out. I'm spontaneous like that. But I think 38, eh, 39. But let's see, 38, let's see what happens first. But at the moment I'm still here. Do You have any thoughts of things to do other than things for adrenaline? Like Oh yeah. Like to do with your time.

(2h 17m 8s):
Apart from raising a family production, I definitely want to have my own production company and do stuff, like a couple of acting things, of course. 'cause they've already come up and I turned them down 'cause of this game. I was like, You know, you have to give everything to this game. I don't wanna spend three months somewhere filming. Right. You know, this kind of stuff. But definitely motion capture, definitely wanna do that. You know, what's his name? The guy that did Andy Circus Planet. The Apes Golum Caesar. He's one of the best at it. And I, I see the way he works and operates and I, I just, I know I can do that. I can learn and I'm very coachable. I can learn stuff like that. Voiceover work with some cartoons or animes or whatever, video games, motion capture stuff.

(2h 17m 53s):
I'd like to, I have my own ideas of, of of things I wanna bring to fruition, But I don't necessarily have the skills. Even though I was doing computer graphic design for about three years, I knew how to make a red ball balance in Maya, the 3D program. That was my biggest achievement in that. But I can partner up with someone on studio and just bring my ideas to life if they Like it. Like, I don't know, I'll learn how to write a script maybe so I can present it properly. Also, fuck all this shit with ai. I might just be able to do AI in two years and be like, right. Boom. And if it hits, it hits. If it sucks, cool. Do it again at the drawing board. But yeah, a lot of things. A lot of things I already have. Like, again, shout to my pops.

(2h 18m 34s):
My, my pops is, is the, is a real low G. 'cause E helped me just triple and quadruple my money. Yeah. Because if I didn't have him, I definitely would end up as one of those sad stories. I feel just 'cause of who I am as a person. I feel like I would've ended up as one of those sad stories 'cause of the trust I have in people. So I'm glad I have my dad around just to like, just make sure things are cool. There's always vampires, right? There's always vampires. They come, they Do. It's just human nature. It's human nature. I'm sure you have it as well on the way up. And even now I'm sure you have it as well. But they always, they come at the woodwork and it's like, let me see. But then my dad's able to tell, this is legit.

(2h 19m 14s):
This is shit. Or let have a look at this. First. He goes through every contract I can read, but sometimes, 'cause I'm dyslexic, I, I read really slow or I just lose focus and shit like that. Especially contract shit. So that's very difficult to really observe. There's no, No pictures. That was, You needed an anime contract. Make me a fucking cartoon that explains what happens if everything goes wrong with me crying. Who all no money. Oh fuck. Or me living in a palace bathtub, go with gold. Yeah. But I just get like, elicit.

(2h 19m 55s):
It's something maybe fiction that entices me that I can really go deep. But I like reading comic mix and shit like that. But contract is just detailed. But there's one person on this planet I trust that wants the best for me is my father. That's a great thing to have. Amen. Because even I've said this, like, guys like Habib, You know, rest in peace to his pops. He had him in his corner. Michael Jordan, he had his dad in his corner, You know, on the court. My dad is in my corner. But that's on the stuff that really mad as outside the cage in life. Like I'm, when I talk about imposter syndrome, I'm like, how the fuck do I have this many houses? Right? I'm doing well. Cool. I know I'm, I'm adulting, but that's 'cause of my pops.

(2h 20m 36s):
And I learned the game through him. But the details of the game, I still don't know yet. So after this I'll have more, I guess input in the sense that, okay, this and that and this is what this means. And that, You know, with the property values and whatnot, I try not to get too much into it. 'cause right now all I can focus on is this fighting the main thing. Mm. If I don't have this, then yeah, I can definitely tap into all that kind of stuff. But nah, I'd rather just focus on this and let my dad handle it. So again, I'm, I'm grateful, so grateful that he's around and he's the one that's helped me get to this point. 'cause a lot of people don't even have their dad in their lives, You know? And I'm glad I do. Yeah. It overall, it seems like you're in a real good place.

(2h 21m 18s):
I Am. You know, so yeah, I am. Look, this is life. Yeah. You know how it is. Ups and downs, smiles and frowns. But right now, where I'm at, I'm in a good place. Way better place. 'cause again, like people, The thing I did, Like, I appreciated it. After my last fight, people come up and be like, Hey man, That was a great fat last fight. Oh you did. Well thank you. But when people come, 'cause I was at the buffet in Perth and some guy came up to me just like, Ah, Hot luck man. I was like, What? He's like, like he wanted to feel sorry for me. I was like, nah, get your fucking shit off you. I'm like, I'm good. I'm like, bro, if you knew how much I made from this fight, you wouldn't even, you Wouldn't feel sorry for me.

(2h 21m 59s):
But it's that some people dunno how to react. So they come like, ah, how, But they were rooting for you. And You know, they feel bad and You know, I know, But I, But I, I want, I like the, again, I don't fault them for it 'cause they don't know what to say. But the ones that come up, You like, bro, That was a mean fight man. You almost had 'em. But That was a fucking good fight. I'm like, thank you. I felt good in that one. It's, it's a different look on two different, on the same thing. It's like some look at it with like, yay and some look at it with that. But I'm in a better place. 'cause again, this isn't everything. Fighting's not everything in my life. I've lost many times. I've out of fighting, You know, and I've come back. I've lost infighting many times and I've come back. So for me, right now where I'm at in life, I'm enjoying it.

(2h 22m 40s):
I'm enjoying the ride. And yeah, I look forward to the future. I look forward. There's A thought that some people have that in order to be at your best, it has to be everything. You have to live and die by your performances. And when your performance sucks, you have to suffer until you get a good one. Nah, That's not for me. I've been there before and it's not for me. Everyone's different. And I understand that when it's like, 'cause even when I was on top of the world, You know, like number one and this and that, it never defined me. I never let it define me. I always knew I was Israel, I this before and after the belt. I'm still me no matter what. They're still gonna be trying to fight me.

(2h 23m 21s):
'cause they want to have Israel a disorient on their record. You know, they want to, they wanna fight me. They don't wanna fight the champ. Like people will probably even pick a fight over me than DDP or maybe not. 'cause probably easier fight, they think. But still like, I'm me. And that's never ever gonna change. That's never ever gonna change as long as I stay true to me. Yeah. And I, I look if this game was gonna change me, if money was gonna change me, I would've done it ages ago. A lot of, a lot of zeroes ago. But I've always been this guy with or without money. You can ask anyone who really knows me, they'll tell you, Oh yeah, that's the same dude I was dancing with back in the day. Still the same goofball keeps the same energy.

(2h 24m 3s):
But now that I'm here, I just, I have a lot more freedom to do things that I wanna do than I'm grateful for. But yeah, I even look forward to seeing who I become next year. Like who I evolve into next year. Because again, I am me, but learning, yeah. These things I'm gonna learn about myself. I'm sure you have this as well. Jamie has this. Sure. We all have this. We just figuring out who we are. Even what are you now? 57? No way. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So you're still learning. You're never gonna stop. You're never stop learning. When you do, you're gonna die. Yeah. Facts. Yeah. There's the life is an experience. It's a long, and people have like this number thing in their head. Oh, by 30 you should know this. Some people, some people know, some people don't learn until they're 40.

(2h 24m 43s):
Some people never learn. I thought I was gonna be married with two kids at 23. Wow. You could have been Yeah. If I, if you zed when you could have zagged. Yeah. You know, I'm glad I Zed. I Definitely did. I glad I for that one. That was so long ago. And I was, again, I'm just soft bro. I'm like, I'm surprised I'm fucking great at this, this fighting shit. Like, I'm so you bro. Do you see some, some idiot try to step me out. Do you Ever see that? No. What happened? Some, some, this is two weeks, three weeks ago I had a great, great dad training, mourning, went to the, the, the, the shop to get a pie.

(2h 25m 25s):
And I just thought, You know, people were just showing love. I'm just, oh, hey, what's up? So I take a picture, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool. And then one guy just pulls up and goes, yo, Izzy, let's go one ounce. I'm like, eh. And I thought like, bro, this is stupid. I was like, one out. What is that? So one ounces in New Zealand slang, like one on one, like one ounce, let's go. And I was like, this is silly. Like, what the fuck? And I just started laughing and I said, bro, I get paid millions for this. I'm not gonna whoop your ass for free. And then he kind of go angry and he's stuck at the lights. It's green. People are honking, driving around him. And I'm laughing, walking away with my pies in my hand. And I remember just looking like, what the fuck? And I grabbed my car door, I went and that pissed him off.

(2h 26m 5s):
Then he drove and then parked in front of my car and I was like, okay. Took my watch off and I told the guy, can you please call the cops? And I'm glad only one person actually decided to, oh, I did see the video of that. I saw just a small clip of it. I, I didn't know exactly what was going on. Ah, just An idiot. But again, I'm glad one, this is the day and age of people just boom, cameras out. Right? Because everyone who was around, everyone got their cameras out. There was only one guy who used his phone to call the cops. When I asked him, 'cause I didn't want to hurt this guy. And this guy, I don't know if he was going through something or he was maybe cracked out or something. 'cause even the guy, the video that came out, it seemed Like it was set up. 'cause the guy kept on going. And the, and I'm like, what are you trying to say? And I, I, I, I'm glad I, I, like I said, I'm soft.

(2h 26m 49s):
I have patience. And if I had a bad day, it might've been different. I, I like to say that 'cause the freedom of thought. But also my friend, You know, f va got killed by senseless street violence. Right? This is something that we've talked about. Even in the film, it was something that we all had to go through. 'cause he got hit with a coward punch and then hit the ground and then boom, he's in the coma for about two weeks. And then eventually they had to pull the plug. As I'm talking to this guy at one point I go, bro, I don't know You, like whatever has happened, I don't fucking know you. I'm sorry. And he's like, yeah, talk to me nicely bitch talk. I'm like, and I started getting angry and then got to the point I spat at him. And now That was me. Like, I hoped he did something.

(2h 27m 31s):
And then I'm like, right, I'm taking this guy out. But then when I spat at him, he just looked down and kept on talking. And I realized, you're not about this life. I'm not gonna spend the next 10 minutes talking. And to this guy, it Just elevates him and his mind that he Exactly. Oh, he took his shirt off at the end. I go to my car. I was driving off, he had a shirt off flexing. Like, what bitch? What? And I was like, listen, cracked out. Oh, he Is crazy person. So for me, again, that's why I say I'm soft. And I had to, I had to really hold myself back. I, I don't know. I'm sure you've, no one tries you anymore. Of course they'd fucking be stupid to try you. But I was thinking no one would try me anymore. 'cause back in the day someone would try me. I'm like, bro, bro, People were trying Chuck Ladale in his prime and he was a complete psychopath.

(2h 28m 11s):
Try to Dan Hooker. Yeah. Dan would not have the patience that I have. Dan would fucking instantly demolish that guy. But again, I just don't want to do something. 'cause if you breached the line, yeah, I was within range and within my rights to strike him. 'cause I felt And like what happened with your friend, if you knocked that guy out and he bounces his head off The curb. That was what was going, That was what was going through my head. Yeah. And also we started this charity Walk without fear and I, I'm glad nothing happened. I'm glad I was patient because now that video can be used. 'cause we're trying to change the laws. Look, the guys that killed my friend when We were in lockdown, they were on home detention.

(2h 28m 54s):
So they're free now. They're walking free, enjoying their life. And my friend is dead. They didn't get convicted. I think one of them did, but the rest of them, they had home detention. The ones that actually even helped. They got home detention and I think for a year and a half. So six months of that home detention, we all did it together in lockdown. So what kind of punishment's that you get to sit at home and watch Netflix. And my friend's daughter has to grow up without a father, You know, for nothing. For nothing. Just 'cause ego, alcohol, drunk, ah, this and that. So again, I'm glad I'm soft and I, I don't like, I don't like confrontation. I don't, but when it's time to get down, I'll get down. And I, I've put it out enough like I, I, I wanna protect my boundaries and shit like that.

(2h 29m 39s):
But I don't ever wanna be put in a position where someone tries to set me up just so they can make money off me. But there will be a point if someone tries me enough that I'll have to definitely defend myself and there's no fucking referee in a street fight that's gonna drag me off, off, off a person in that I see red bro. Not that shit I'm saying I see red bro Isn it, the funniest shit. Not that shit. It's bro, that's your own blood. I see Red you should see clearly. That's a ridiculous thing. Blood, yeah. Stuff I've never heard anybody say I see red and it worked out well. But yeah, I just, yeah, I'm glad it worked out well for me. And I, I, I spared a life that day.

(2h 30m 20s):
'cause if not, it would've been really bad. And then I might not be here. Right. I might be in the fucking jail somewhere. They might try to make an example out of you Because you Yeah. If you will. Especially if you killed somebody. Bro, I know these, these motherfuckers in nz like the bureaucrats, they don't like people like me. They don't like people like me who is outspoken. Right. Who is not a quintessential kiwi. You know what I mean? The guy that just keeps quiet and Yeah. You know, Follows the rules. Just Very, just very humble. Right? Like fake humility is something I never been like I know humble is or what it is for real. 'cause I deal with that every day. Like I fucking spark Carlos Navajo, I grow with Dan. I get humbled every fucking day. So I know what real humility is, right?

(2h 31m 1s):
But for me to try and like, let the world know I'm humbled, just so I seem like I'm humble. That's that fake shit. And I'll never be that. And when I see it, I cringe. 'cause I'm like, ah, I know, I know you. Right? It's like, nigga, I know you, We've done things. So when I see people do that, I'm like, just be real, You know? Yeah. So, yeah, I try and keep it real as always. But again, like I said, I'm soft. But sometimes, You know, It's a real challenge to be yourself. Yeah. With the kind of attention and pressure that you get The magnifying glass of the world. And I, I would never change, I'll never not express myself the way I, I always do. But sometimes the world is trying to put you in a box and be like, this is, this is what you're meant to be.

(2h 31m 43s):
Yeah. This is who you are meant to be. And I'm like, nah. It's always weak people that wanna do that, Bro. Like, what was the one I put up the other day? 'cause I was, I was, There was a scene from my movie. I was getting my nails done. I was, what was I doing? Some drip tips. And then I put a clip next to it where Cam goes, well I've been wearing pink my whole life. Niggas been saying I'm gay bro, if you think I'm gay, bring your mother around. Bring your sister around. I fucking love that. I was like, yes. 'cause again, I don't care. It's never been an issue for me. I think people think, 'cause I never flexed my girlfriends or anything online. They're like, nah, definitely this guy suss also. 'cause I'm nice and I'm Soft. Makes you suss. That's hilarious. Yeah.

(2h 32m 23s):
Being a nice person makes you suss. That's, yeah. 'cause I'm not a dickhead So silly. But I can be a dickhead. I have been a dickhead in the past. But again, I'd rather, I was raised right. My family actually, You know, my mom and dad raised me with good morals and yeah. I treat people with respect when, and even if I don't get it back, it's like, cool, whatever. But yeah, people expect you to be this kind of, 'cause you're off when there's, oh man, you are a lot different than I thought you would be in person. Well you're not trying to fight me. So, no. You know what I mean? People expect you to be some type of whale. Ah, I thought, You know hard. Yeah. Or even an asshole. Like, yeah. Yeah. Look, there's people you can find who'd be like, yeah, he's an asshole. And it's like, well yeah, But who are you?

(2h 33m 3s):
Yeah, exactly. I was an asshole to you. Yeah, exactly. But you are an asshole, So it had to be an asshole to get you to fuck away from me. Facts. Facts. Yeah. And I, I'm fine with that now. That's 'cause back in the day when I first came into this game, I always felt like I had to, with every fan, I had to put on the song and dance. Like, oh hey, how's it going? Oh yeah. Right. But sometimes I might be at a four or five at energy level. So if song pulls up on me, I'm just like, yeah, cool. Let's take a picture. But I don't have to hammer it up. Right. To make them feel like this is a great experience. Oh, he's such a nice guy. Right. It's like, bro, the day my cat died, I was, I was pumping gas and the guy tried to take, he tried to make me talk to his cousin on the phone and I said no. And he is like, oh, all good. And I felt bad and I was like, oh, gimme the phone.

(2h 33m 44s):
And I'm there with the phone pumping gas. And I went, what the bro, no phones. I was like, get the fuck away because I, But I did that 'cause I felt bad that he, I didn't talk to his cousin on the phone while I'm pumping gas. So what happened if something happened and boom. Or what? 'cause I wanted to talk to this guy's cousin on the phone 'cause he saw me at a gas station while I'm pumping gas. So when I talk about protecting my boundaries, It's just about time and place and approach. Like people not, and I've, I've put that out enough where I feel like people do respect it now. But some people still think I hate fans or whatever. But I'm like, that's what you think. If that's what you got for my message, then cool. You think that, but it's about protecting my energy and protecting my boundaries and Well, I don't think they'll ever understand what it's like to be a person like you.

(2h 34m 28s):
Yeah. Yeah. Be in the, be in the spotlight. Yeah. And so again, they feel like you have this advantage just privilege that no one else gets. So they think that you owe them something, you owe them your time. I, bro, I'm a fan. I pay for your pay-per-view. Right, right, right. No you don't. You're just talking shit. Yeah. Oh. Not all the ones that is when it come, bro, I bet on your fight. A and I'm like, yeah, fuck your multi. 'cause again, I put my life on the shit. Every time I step in there, I put my life on the line. But they'll never understand that. Right. They'll come and tell me like, yeah bro, one time, this is years ago in the club, a guy showed me a betting slip. I was like, and this is after a yarn fight. And he showed me a bet. I'm like, cool.

(2h 35m 8s):
Like, what do you expect me to do? Give you a refund? Right. It called, it's like, nah, fuck you. So I can't remember how gambling. Yeah. Do you think I wasn't trying to Win? If you ain't got it like that. Yeah. Don't put your money up. Right. I only gamble with money that I'm, I'm gonna lose or I, I can afford to lose. But again, yeah. I'm fucking gambling with my life. Right. I'm trying to win and then something back will happen and I'm not here again. You know? So yeah. People are weird. And I love people, like, I always say this, there's something about every group of people on this planet that I love, including my own. And there's something I hate about every group of people on this planet. Just little things, little things that just annoys me.

(2h 35m 50s):
I'll say like, okay, Nigerians, I hate how the elders sometimes confuse respect with fear. 'cause that's how I grew up. Mm. They confuse respect with fear and I've had to deal with that. You know, I'm not gonna say anything else about anyone else. 'cause they know it's like, oh, Israel hates these people or whatever. But again, I love people, but at the same time They're taking advantage of the fact that you're being respectful. I love me first. I know what You're saying. I gotta put me first. Yeah, you have to. I'm trying. If you don't, nobody else will. Facts. Nah. Yeah. I have to bro. Well, listen brother, I think the way you handle yourself and the way you communicate and the way you're honest and just, you could be yourself. It's a great example to other people, especially young fighters that are coming up and trying to figure out how they're gonna manage this.

(2h 36m 32s):
Mm. And if they get ever be so fortunate they get to a position like yourself. Mm. You've got, you gave 'em a little roadmap. Mm. You know, and I think that's, that's a, that's a beautiful gift to give people to under an understanding of how an intelligent, sensitive person deals with this crazy position in life. Mm. You know? Thank you. That actually hit, thank you so much. It's real. Nah, I, yeah. I could say the same about you. What you've done everything from day Daws since I've met you that you don't remember. And I'm glad you don't remember to now even being friends with you. I like being friends with you. And also I don't, 'cause you still have a job to do and I never wanna put you in a compromised position. I always still have to respect you and what you do and I still kind of keep my distance A little bit.

(2h 37m 15s):
But I always respect and appreciate every time that we've interacted or hang out and You know who you are as a person. So thank you. I appreciate you brother. Brother. Thank you brother. Thank you. Love you man. You're the fucking man. Love you too. Let's go. Alright, let's wrap it up. What else? Watch Stylebender. I'm Prime. Watch it. Apple TV now. There it is. Bang. Beautiful. Awesome. All right. Thank you so much, Ben. Thank you. My pleasure. I appreciate it brother. Thank you. Bye everybody.