
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The. Joe Rogan. Experience Train by day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Alright, What's up Good? to see you, man. Congratulations Good To see you, brother. Appreciate you, man. The champ is here. Everybody has to shut the fuck up now. That's the best part right now is now I could just talk as much as possible. And they can't say nothing. They Can't say nothing. There was so many doubters, so many naysayers, so many people didn't want you to get that title shot. It was so unfair, dude. It was really wild. It was wild to see. It really was. It really was. 'cause I'm like, are you guys not watching his fights? Like, what the fuck are you guys seeing?


I, I do not understand. When people don't appreciate excellence, I really don't get it. I never like the Sean Brady fight. You see that fight? You don't think this dude is a fucking problem for everybody. You see the Wonder Boy fights. See all your fights And all of them. They've been different, right? Like Yeah. With Dehaun Brady, all I did was stand up. I didn't shoot one take down on him. Yeah. Gilbert Burns. I didn't shoot one take down Wonderboy. I took him down. Obviously I'm not gonna strike with a kickboxer. So I've showed you guys all forms of martial arts. Yeah. These people still hate it. They're like, they're still hating so Crazy. Even With the Leon fight. So even for this fight that bro Absolute Leon fight, I think they have to shut the fuck up. I think everybody has to shut the fuck up and just recognize what you did. because you put so much pressure on him standing up.


You were in his face from the very first, second of the very first round. You just advanced and you could tell he wanted that space and you could tell it was a different experience than what he thought he was gonna get from you. Yeah. I mean, when we saw him against Kobe and him against Usman, the third fight we saw that he's, he's the expert at distance. Yes. He manages the distance. He puts it at his own pace. So We were like, bro, we gotta make this the dirtiest fight, the hardest fight for him. So we gotta step right away. So even when the ref was like looking to me, he telling me to back up when he looked at Leon and say, you ready? You ready? I'm walking forward right away. So I'm right in his face before he even like looks up. So I was like, I gotta get him on his back foot right away. Make him uncomfortable. and I knew he's not good, uncomfortable.


None of these No, no strikers really good moving backwards. Right? But I knew Leon specifically, I don't wanna be in his kick range. Right. I don't want him at his slow pace like he did against Kobe. And these guys where kicks, moves, kicks, moves. I'm like, I'm gonna be in his face nonstop punching him in his mouth and taking him down. Whenever I see an opening, The Kobe fight I thought was gonna be different. I think Kobe broke his foot real early in that fight. I mean, I think Kobe sucks, but I, for me, I think that Kobe wasn't, he's just not a good striker. Even with the, the fights that we see that he was really good at, it was just 'cause he could've, he put a good pace on all these guys. Right. And he dictated the pace with You know, RDA and Robbie Lawler, all these guys.


But none of those guys really had that type of cardio. When we saw him against Usman, Usman showed you, all right, he could keep up that pace with Kobe and then Kobe can't take him down. So it ended up being like a, a kickboxing match for Leon. He knew if he dictated the pace with Kobe, Kobe wasn't gonna be able to do anything to him. and I don't think the time off, I think hurt Kobe's distance management. 'cause his shot take downs were were terrible in that fight. Yeah. Like he didn't, he wasn't managing again, he was shooting at Telling the truth though. I think the foot had a big factor. 'cause I think he broke his foot. I think Leon checked a kick real early on. Or he kicked low and hit the shin and broke his foot, hit the knee. Something. I don't, I don't remember exactly what happened, but apparently in the first round he broke his foot. And that You know, if you can't move against Leon, you're in real trouble.


Yeah. I mean, especially 'cause Leon's so good at his lateral movement. Yeah. And his kick hurt so hard. Yeah. Yeah. So for me, I was like, I can't be in kicking range at all. I think I felt like one, one body kick early and I was like, all right, let me step forward on it. So even with my mindset, the whole camp, I probably took two to 3000 body kicks. Jeez. And then move forward on each of them. And if I backed up at all, my coach is yelling at me, look what you did here. You did this wrong. Move forward. Move forward. Mm. We can't take one step back. So I was like, I was writing it down, I was putting it in my head. Do not take a step back. Do not take a step back. And then it just came out in the fight. It came out perfect. It was a master plan. It really was watching you execute it. I was, I was just so sh I was so shocked.


First of all, his inability to deal with you on the feet. Because even if it was just a kickboxing match, you, you were, you were, There was so much pressure and so much volume of strikes. You were constantly on him. Your boxing was so on point, man. It would look better than it's ever looked. Yeah. I think people just underestimate me when they look at me. 'cause they say, oh, he doesn't have a bunch of knockouts. But when you look at my fights and you see the way I've pieced up a lot of these You know big names like Gilbert and Sean Brady. I beat them both on the feet and for, for the Leon fight. My gym is small, but we have, I work with, I think, who's the best striker in the UFC right now? He's a 55 Ignacio Obama Menes. Like this kid is a monster. He probably has like monster you saw?


Yeah. His spinning heel kick, knockout. I'm dangerous dude. I'm sparring with this dude every single day. So I'm like, nothing that Leanne was gonna throw at me was gonna surprise me. Nothing was gonna make me uncomfortable. And for me, if you're beating me up, I wanna, I wanna keep going to you. So for Nacho, I'm like, bro, throw the, the kitchen sink at me. I want to, I want you to throw everything you have in your tool bag at me. So if whatever Leon throws, I'm just gonna be comfortable in that fire. Yeah. So for me it was just nonstop, nonstop sparring, sparring, sparring. Even if it's not hard sparring, light sparring, just enough to see everything and have my reaction time and I think that helps a lot with the way I've been fighting lately. How much time did you have to prepare for Leon? I had about eight weeks.


Did they, did you kind of have an inkling that it was gonna happen before that? Like had you been preparing mentally before that thinking that Was the hardest part, right? The, the lead up, because it was after beating Gilbert, they were like, you're guaranteed next. And then you're like, when is it happening? They're like, well, Kobe has to fight first. So then I'm sitting there and playing the waiting game and then they offered me Usman. They're like, well you know, if you don't wanna wait, we can give you Usman. So We were at talks with Usman, and then Usman ended up fighting Hamza onshore notice. So then I was like, all right, well there's nothing else they can put in front of me. It's gonna be me against the winner of Kobe and Leon. Then that fight happens and then Leon's trying to brush it off like, nah, there's still other guys I could look at and see who's next. And he even brought up Gilbert Burns and I'm like, bro, I just beat Gilbert Burns.


So I'm sitting there You know in limbo like what's happening. I'm calling my manager every day and Ali's my manager and he's like, bro, trust me. Dana's not gonna go miss his word. He's gonna give you the shot. He's gonna give you the shot. And then all of a sudden 300 comes up. and I'm like, oh, so we're probably gonna be 300. And then they say, oh, they offered to fight to three other guys and I was one of those guys. So then like I'm sitting there like, bro, wait no way. Am I about to get screwed right now? Are they gonna give it to somebody else? Did you ask like, why didn't I get the fight at 300 if they were trying to get Leon to fight at 300, why didn't you get that title shot For me? It was just, I put it out there. I said if they really wanted Leon to fight there, they would've put me on there. Because I said yes. You know. They asked, they said they asked Islam, they said they asked Shaka, they said they asked Hamza and they all said no 'cause Ramadan.


But I fought multiple times during Ramadan. So for me, I'm like, if you, they really wanted Leon, they coulda had him with me. But I think they just wanted to have that shock factor with 300 where it's like, oh, double champ status for Islam. Or Obviously a huge star. He comes back down. So I think they just wanted that. And Leon's not a promoter. He doesn't really promote his fights in general. Obviously he's a great fighter. But for 300 I think they want somebody that's gonna try to push the event. Yeah. But Still, yeah, the rules are the rules. You know, a guy makes it to the top of the heap. He's supposed to be next in line for a title shot. Yeah. I mean for me, I'm like, yeah, what else do I gotta do? All The purists felt that way. I didn't see anybody who's like a real solid MMA fan of felt.


That was a lot of the casuals, a lot of the casuals jumping in with their goofy opinions on things. But that's the, that's the, that's the age we live in. Right? I know the trolleys. I know nobody has a profile picture. They just say the dumbest stuff. Well, Not only that, you have a dispo. Look, the reality of the numbers is, I had a joke in my act that 10 per 90% of all Twitter is done by 10% of the people. And those people are a hundred percent retarded. But it really almost is that that's, I mean, it's a joke, but it's kind of almost true because are you commenting on shit all the time? Do you go to someone's YouTube videos and talk shows? No. You, you're busy. Yeah, you're busy being the fucking welterweight champion of the world.


You ain't got time for that. So the people that have time to be doing that all the time are unfortunately generally not doing that good. They're, they're not the Michael Jordan's not leaving YouTube comments. you know what I'm saying? Yeah. It's like the people that are engaged in these attacks on specific fighters in particular, they're usually just dorks and I get it that these dorks buy pay-per-view and I get it these dorks. But they're not most people, most people wanna see the best people fight the best people. And would it be exciting to see Islam go up and try to win at one 70? Fuck yeah. It would be, I I'd be all in for that fight, unfortunately for you. I mean, it sounds great, but if I was running things I'd be like the guy, the fights are gonna be fucking great anyway.


It's UFC 300. Everyone's gonna be super hyped up. There's so much on the line. It's a crazy fucking card. That's a great fight. It's a great fight. Yeah. And it's two guys that are on 10 fight win streaks. Yeah. So I mean, and I, But how weird was it to have to do the fight at like five in the morning? Oh my God. Explain. So let's explain that to people who don't know. The UFC that was done in England was done on American Pay-per-view time. So the card had to start. What did it start at? Like 1:00 AM Yeah, it started. Yeah. The first fight was 1:00 AM first Fight of the night. 1:00 AM Undercard UFC fight pass, first fight of the night. That's crazy.


That's so crazy. As if we can't watch it earlier in the day as if UFC fans on a fucking Saturday are gonna say, oh, the pay-per-view starts at noon. Okay. We watch football games at noon. We, we, we wouldn't watch world title fights at noon. Making you guys fight at five in the morning. To me was bananas. I was like, that is so contrary to anything you would want from optimum physical performance. Yeah. It was wild. Like we got down there the week before on Saturday and You know we're trying, we found a gym. So We were like, let's start trying to work out at 4:00 AM 'cause being a main event, they said we'll probably be on around like 5, 5 30. So the hardest part was just trying to stay up from midnight to 4:00 AM to go drive to this gym.


And you know, we, we had like a big house, so we had a bunch of people with us, but one person yawns and it's like addictive. And it's like, bro, it's midnight. We're all just like watching Netflix. And then we like, we didn't have no games or anything, so We were just like trying to watch movies. Wow. And then one guy yawns and you're like, I'm gonna go upstairs by myself for a second. And then just like they, the PI's really good 'cause they gave us like some jet lag, like glasses that shine light in your eyes that you're supposed to turn on at Right when the sun set. Because when the sun sets you start getting melatonin in your body and it makes you want to go to sleep. So they're like, put this on when the sun sets. So it like shocks your body, make you think it's about to be sunlight. Really? Yeah. Oh Wow. So I'm walking around the house with like these glasses that are like shining light in my eyes.


And it still was hard. We would, we would, we would jump to the gym. Gym Because you probably just like, fuck you bitch at three in the morning. We, we, we went to go work out. So I'm trying to get everybody to work out with me. So like we had maybe us five or six guys with us. And then the gym was at 30 minutes away. So by the time we finished working out at night, it was starting, the sun was rising 'cause it was like 7:00 AM and I'm like, how am I about to fall asleep right now? So I would like take melatonin Fight Week and then It would make Wake me up at like 2:00 PM and I would still be like groggy the rest of the day. And then you have to do like interviews and stuff like that. Oh man. It was, it was hard. So did you try to stay on Chicago time? The whole, the whole thing?


I tried, but it was, it was still hard just because like I said that that time in between where that board time, right. Where we're like, all right, we gotta work out at 4:00 AM And then, you know, during the day we had interviews and stuff starting at 3:00 PM they, they adjusted those times. So then when we would finish everything, it'll be like 7:00 PM How have they done London cards in the past? Did they do that in the past? They've done it once with, I think it was Bus Against Hedo twice. Heads Hendo two. The second one. Yeah, the second one. But other than that, they would just do it. And American time zone would be like daytime here. That's So crazy. But I think pay-per-view wise, they, they expect more people to buy pay-per-view in prime time. Like night 9:00 PM Probably.


Yeah. Yeah. I guess. But when they go to Abu Dhabi, we still fight Abu Dhabi time. Nighttime. Yeah. And then over here it's daytime. Yeah. But I wonder if they see like a change in numbers with that and that made them adjust. They probably do, but whatever. Yeah. And That's my feelings. Whatever. Like we, you can't have people fight at five in the morning. That's nonsense. Yeah. You can't have an audience there at five in the morning fucking exhausted for world title fight. Exhausted, can't even believe you're still awake. For me, I was like, I hope they are exhausted because I'm like, they're probably gonna be booing me anyway. So I'm like, let's let them get drunk starting at midnight. Let them be dead tired once it gets to that level. How many people were asleep in the audience? People started leaving early Dirt.


It was like the fourth round and I think I got the, the last take down and I was like finishing on top of him. They said people were leaving. Wow. and I was like, eh, that's, that's a good sign. That just tells me that they know that there's nothing else he could really do. He had one big moment in the last round right when he got on top. Yeah. I still got it right here. And it's just like, I just keep shaking my head every time I think of it, but it just tells me that I still have stuff to fix, still have stuff to, to work on. And you can never get like too comfortable, especially with him. But yeah, my coach is, my coach is the type that are like, tell me everything I did wrong after a fight instead of the stuff I did. Right. So right away. So me now look at your face. Now look at You like you did that because you took your foot off the gas for one second and something could happen.


Yeah. Who knows if there's a minute left, what, what could have happened? Or blah blah blah. And I'm like, I wanna coach. I'm the world champion. Chill out. But he wants you to be perfect. Yeah. That was, it was interesting because it was, you could see him using energy management, you know, you could see him trying to figure out when to just defend and when to try to break free and You know when to, when to plan himself and fire shots and when to just stay, stay on the back foot and keep moving. Like he tried to hold you off a few times. But I think whatever you were doing for strength and conditioning your, your cardio was insane because the volume, just the, the sheer volume and pressure that you were putting on him and the fact that you keep that up solid five rounds.


Yeah. That was insane. Yeah. I think every fighter's fear is to get tired in the cage. Every fighter's fear is to be in there and not be able to lift up your arms. And you're seeing it happen with a lot of guys, big name guys where you'll see them give up a choke. Yep. And it'll be like he just lifted up his neck and maybe he was too tired. Nah, he just wanted to get outta there For me, I had no fear. and I know that I could go harder than any of these guys and if I'm tired I know he's gonna be twice as tired. But I think a lot of it, like you said is just You know the team I have around me. I got, I do strength and conditioning with my boy Matt Murphy, but it's not anything outrageous. Right. We're not doing that. The crazy new stuff that's coming out. We do heavy weights and we do all like the, the big muscles like chest lower back and squats.


But we put all this other stuff around it, like the cosmetic stuff too. And we're lifting three days a week. What do you mean by cosmetic stuff? Like say if I, I go heavy on my Squatch and then we'll still end up doing like low lower back chest and like Dumbo is chest and everything on that day. But like on a heavy chest day we're going like legs, lunges, like lesser weight. So we go heavy with like squats, chest and deadlifts one day a week for each of those. And then on, we still do full body stuff that same day but just like lower the weights and higher reps. So you're essentially doing almost like you're doing like power lifter work. Yeah. You're doing bench press, like just power generating stuff.


Yeah. Are you doing any plyometrics or any of that kind of Stuff? I mean I do a lot of swimming for my, for like cardio wise and then people make in front of me a lot. It's so Hard. Swimming is fucking hard. Hard People don't know how to Yeah. People when they, when I take 'em to the pool, like when I take a brand new fighter to the pool and if they never swam before, they get so tired. Yeah. and I tell 'em bro, it's a full body workout. Yeah. It's everything you need. Especially for fighting. It's like one of the hardest things you could do, Especially if you're like built like you, 'cause you probably sink like a rock. Yeah. So it's hard to stay above water. Yeah. Like fat people, they say swim is not hard. Right. because you got a floaty on you. You literally swimming around with a floaty you could float. Yeah. Dense dudes just dr.


Go right under. You gotta struggle to stay above water. and I don't have like the best technique to do in it. So I still like go there and I like, I'm gonna go a mile and then I'll go and I'll take a little break. Go take a little break. And then like I said, you see like that fat person just going nonstop. Yeah. And you're looking at them like, bro, I just wanna like slap them, man. What am I doing wrong? They're cheating. Yeah, they're cheating. They got a human floaty on. But it is, it's a hard, I remember Maurice Smith was the first guy that started using swimming for MMA. Yeah. You know Maurice Smith was training with Frank Shamrock when Frank Shamrock was just a cardio machine. Frank, I think Frank Shamrock was the first guy in the UFC that had like a full complete arsenal of MMA weapons. He could stand, he could take guys down, he could strangle you, he could arm bar you, he could do everything.


He could submit you off his back. And Frank was just a cardio machine. And when Maurice went from kickboxing and got into MMA, he was doing a lot of training with Frank. Ah. And they, they were real, Maurice was super cardio focused. Yeah. So that was like when he beat Mark Coleman, like he beat Mark Coleman. 'cause Mark Coleman got tired. Yeah. And then Maurice defended off of his, but that's the old days bro. When they had headbutt, that was the headbutt days. You know. That's crazy. And Maurice started tuning them up on the feet. Once Maurice got up to his feet, he was just leg kicking the shit out of him. Yeah. And he was talking to him saying, come on, mark, ground me and pound me. I thought you were gonna ground me and pound me. Whack. Whack. Like he didn't take any crazy chances and You know.


So he didn't get taken down at the end, but he won the heavyweight title. Yeah. It's funny how you say that. Cardio the head bud days. I was, I did an interview yesterday with the Chicago news and then the lady's like, she had no idea who I was. I'm like, you didn't do no research. 'cause she's like, you're the champion of street fighting. Right. Oh boy. And I'm just like, imagine That you, you are literally the world champion and this person hasn't even done five minutes of research into sport. You do. I was, I was wild. and I was like, people still think that You should just started making shit up. Yeah. We made in alleyways. You know. It's not even so you gotta get it on the dark web. I fight with I of nickels in my hand. I don't give a fuck. I didn't realize there's still people out here that have that mindset. Like, Well there's people in the news that aren't even humans.


They're just robots. They're like media robots. All they wanna do is be on tv. They, they'd have no opinions, no personality. Alright, here you're the champion of street fighting. I'm looking at the teleprompter. I'm like, I feel like that's all they do is just read the teleprompter. That's Such, that's so disrespectful to someone who has risen to the top of the greatest organization ever for combat sports. We all know that. Look, I'm a huge boxing fan. Boxing's amazing. I love boxing. But we all know if Francis Ano and Tyson Fury had a fight, fight, that shit would not last one round. Did not a chance in hell if they had a fight. Fight a real fight like an MMA fight.


Yeah. Boxing is a sport. MMA is the sport of fighting. It's the hardest fucking thing to do for an athlete. The hardest thing to do is what you did. Become the champion of the world in a tank fill with shark. It's not saying that it's not, if you were 170 pound boxer, it'd be just as difficult. I'm not saying boxing's not hard to do. I'm not saying it's, it's hard as fuck to be a, a Ryan Garcia hard as fuck to be a Avante Davis. Just the same mentality they have, they would've been world champions in MMA. But MMA is harder. Is harder. It's, and it's more effective. It's the real sport of fighting. So for you to reach the pinnacle in the greatest combat sport Ever, And this lady to go, you're the champion ofs, street fighter, you're on fucking Tv.


That's socra. Why can't they bring in an expert? There's so many people who could have interviewed you. I was, I was like, yo, don't you guys have a sportscaster or somebody that's gonna interview me, call In Ariel Hellani. Call, call in somebody. There's somebody out there that can do this. This is crazy. Or do one little second of research. Yes. Oh, the UFC. Yeah. But even then yeah, they're gonna be asking you stupid ass questions. Yeah. You should have someone who knows what the fuck they're talking about. Like they have to have a sports guy. Yeah. They if don't they have a sports guy, the sports guy's gotta know. They did. And that's what I was like, why are, am I getting it with these two? And she was like, so you do boxing then too? and I'm like, well, boxing's a part of it's mixed martial arts, lot Of thumb wrestling. Yeah. That's a real important part of my game. Added we We do power slap.


Yeah. I'm the champion of that. And it's, It's wild. I have the most powder on my hand when I slap the, the, the whole, it's just, it's just disrespectful, you know? It's just a bummer that people don't get it yet. Yeah. It's like so many people, way more people get it now than never got it before. You know when I first started doing commentary for the UFC, it was in 97 when I first started doing backstage interviews and people were acting like I was doing porn. They were like, what are you doing? Like why are you doing that? Are you crazy? I go, I love it. It's great. What, what the fuck are you talking about? Yeah. It was like being involved in that was bad for your career. That's wild. Yeah. Dana And I have talked about so many times, like people would tell people that he bought the UFC and they'd be like, what the fuck are you doing?


Like God's, that's terrible. Meanwhile everybody watched it Now. Yeah. It's, it's gonna be up there bigger than I think all the other sports. It'll Be bigger than everything but football in America. Yeah. You're never gonna beat football. You can't beat football. Yeah. You're seeing this next younger generation. Yeah. It's just wild how they're coming up. Yeah. Like kids are starting, my boy Nacho Ignacio, his, his brother's 15 years old and he's already five and old pro crazy. I'm like, I'm like bro, crazy. You guys are this young 15. Yeah. And you're, I'm like, that's wild. I Got fighting pro at 15 is nuts. That's nuts. You fighting Promen at 15. Yeah. His next fight is for the title. He's like a 30-year-old. And I'm just like, Oh my God. That's so Where's this happening?


It's in Columbia. Yeah, That's what I'm thinking. Yeah. That you go wild down there. Boy. They don't have any fucking rules. It's Wild. You can fight at 15 But imagine when he gets to his twenties the experience he's gonna have Oh. yeah. And then if one of these younger guys now that only fought locally in Chicago or something, they, they see him, he's gonna look at them like, yeah, okay. Let show you what I do. Do You think there's something to be said for not jumping in too quick? Because I th I feel like there's some fighters that they just got rushed and they weren't really prepared for an elite fighter and they got tuned up and they were kind of never the same again. I think there's been a few guys like that that I think had real potential but someone rushed them into a top 10 situation way too quick.


Yeah. 100%. Yeah. I think Darren Till is probably like the, the biggest one I think of when I think of that. When they rushed him to the title fight. It's hard To say though because Darren till when he knocked out Cowboy. See people have two Darren Tills in their head. They have Darren Till with knee injuries older later in his career. And you have Darren till when he is one 70. Yeah. Darren till when he can make one 70. And dude, he was dangerous when he fucked up Cowboy. I was like, Jesus Christ, this guy's fucking terrifying. He was ferocious but he didn't keep that for whatever reason, You know he didn't keep that level of success. He didn't, he had mad potential. So I'm not sure if he got rushed or if he just got injured or if it was just a grappling game.


He was too late taking in the grappling game. I Think there's just a lot of guys that don't know how to take a loss. I think that once they You know he was undefeated, then you get your first loss. Right. And then you go back to the gym, your confidence deflated. You look at people, look at you differently. Like you don't have that same You know mentality. I'm, I'm the biggest one in the room. And then Tyron Woodley, he fought Tyran when Tyran is in his prime. That was prime time. Tyron Woodley and Tyron Woodley fucked him up. But Tyron Woodley in his prime fucked everybody up. Everybody just thinks about that Jake Paul fight. Get that outta your head. That's an older athlete at the end of his run doing something only really mostly for money. Right. Mont said it yesterday. He said like, people are so quick to forget Right.


Of the stuff you did when you were great. Yeah. And when you're at the top and especially guys like Woodley where he was a, he was one of the best to ever do it. One of the best Walters Of all. Then later you started losing a couple. Exactly. And then it just tarnishes everything. I'm like, bro, go back to the knockout of Robbie Lauder. That was crazy. Yeah. Like the way he did it, Robbie was the, the man at that time, I think one of his most impressive performances, two of his most impressive performances are performances that weren't even that exciting. And that's the Wonderboy fight because he fought the perfect fight with Wonderboy. He never led. Never led. He's like, let's make it boring. I don't give a fuck. Yeah. But then when they had exchanges, Tyran hurt. Wonderboy. Wonderboy never hurt. Tyron Wonderboy is a 57 and oh Kickboxer one of the greatest strikers the UFC's ever seen.


But he was so worried about those takedowns that he didn't really commit either. And then when, and he was always worried about the takedown, which of course You know opens up punches. Yeah. Tynt could fucking crack. Tyran could crack back in. Then when he knocked out Lawler with one punch, like holy shit, Tyran could crack People forget. Yeah. When I fought Wonder Boy that was like the one of the fights I watched. And then I was, that was one of the fights I'm most afraid of. 'cause you're looking at him against Woodley him against Johnny Hendricks and none of these guys could take him down. Yeah. And then Anthony Pets told me like, bro, I was like, should I bring in somebody for him? And he's like, nah. 'cause nobody ever, nobody moves like him and he kicks hurt harder than anybody else I brought in.


'cause he brought in like Sage North Cut and those guys to be like him and Mike Biggie Rhodes. And he is like Bro. And he wonder boys just different. So he said, I would just try to wrestle. and I was like, all right, let's, let's go. And then I was like, that's good advice, advice. Let just get ahead of him right away and grab a hold of him and not pull back at all. So The problem with Wonder Boys, he can do some shit that other people can't do. And one of 'em is that lead leg. That lead leg is a real problem 'cause he is got the best front leg side kick in the business and he also throws that round kick off the front leg over your shoulder and you don't, his first knockout in the UFC, he throws that shit over the shoulder. You don't see it until it's up there and you're like, oh shit, it's too late. Yeah It's perfect. And he disguises his, oh his stuff so beautifully.


Oh my God. But he disguises it with his personality. 'cause before the fights, Hey what's up bro? How you doing? And then I'm like, bro, I know you're gonna try to kill me tomorrow man. Like, but He's genuinely sweet. He's not putting like some guys will do that just to try to throw you off. But that literally is wonderboy. He is a sweetheart of a guy. The nicest, which happens To be a killer. Yeah. You know and I feel like Wonderboy man. He's one of those guy, like he, I feel like if he had gotten into MMA earlier and really learned grappling earlier with that kickbox, like maybe if he hadn't had 50 kickboxing fights but only had like he was a elite at You know 20 fights in I'm sure 30 fights in. Yeah. And got and really gotten into MMA when he was a younger man.


'cause the thing about fight, like he's 40 now or 41. Yeah. Right. The thing about fighting is if you're not cheating and You know you're getting into your forties. Like there's no way. There's no way you're the same guy you were when you were 25. It's not possible. Yeah. So if you don't have the same body to work with, it doesn't matter how good the mind is, it doesn't matter how good. We've all seen it from the great champs. They just hung around too long and the body just doesn't perform anymore and they know what to do, but the body can't do it. Yeah. And everything just slows down. Yeah. Your reflexes even your mindset. Right. 'cause you don't wanna, it's the hardest thing to train for. You have to fight every day in the practice room to train for a fight. So these guys who've been doing it for so long, you're burnt out.


Yeah. So it's like you get to your forties and you got a family and stuff. You like, do I wanna train two to three times a day? Right. Do I wanna go to the gym right now? And Russell, yeah. Like I think that's one of the keys that my coach is very good at. He like tells all of his guys like, we're wrestling three times a week. You're, if you're not at wrestling practice, then you're not gonna be aspiring practice. Like all the, 'cause a lot of our guys are really great strikers. Nachos been striking with him since he was 16 years old. And he told 'em like, I don't care if you hate this right now. You, you don't know how to wrestle. You're gonna lose. You could be the be Right the best striker in the world, but all the champions know how to wrestle. That's a solid coach right there. 'cause every guy needs to learn that. 'cause there's so many dudes who don't wanna roll 'cause they don't wanna get tapped out. But they're elite.


Kickboxers There was a bunch of those guys in the early days of the UFC just didn't quite pick that part up and never excelled. Yeah. I see that a lot with guys like I said that don't wanna get beat up. Yeah. They go to practice and they don't want to get embarrassed. That's when the ego comes in. Right. I'm a UFC fighter. I, I shouldn't be losing to Joe Schmo at a jiujitsu class. Right. So there's like avoid those guys. Well You know, I don't think Wonderboy ever avoided anybody like that. I just think he was late to the game. You know. And he was training a lot with Weidman, who's an awesome wrestler. But like he got his first loss in the UFCI think was Mike Brown. Yeah. And Mike Brown just mauled him. Just mauled him. That was Mike Brown in his prime, who was a scary motherfucker, played no games. He played no games.


Mike was tried to kill you. I would wish that I would never get that call to like, Hey, do you wanna fight Mike, Mike Brown? and I was just like mad. I'm like, bro, no. My brother's like, call him out. and I was like, bro, I'm not gonna call him Matt Brown. My brother's always the tight to like you could be anybody. and I was like, nah, I'll call. If they call me for Matt Brown I'll do it. But I'm not gonna call him out though. Yeah. You don't want to get him motivated. Yeah. He's the boogeyman. I feel like there's some dudes that for whatever reason with Matt Brown You know he died. You know he, he had overdosed and he had like a serious drug problem. I think there's guys who see the other side and they come back and they just have a different mentality. Hmm. You know they almost lost their life to some really stupid shit.


And they have like a, a grip on life that's A little bit different and a, a drive that's a little different. There's been a few guys that I know that were like real heavy drug addicts and got off the drugs and just became performance freaks. Just endurance freaks. Just animals And like so disciplined. You're like, wow, how is it that this guy used to be a drug addict, a junkie and now this guy's weighing his food and You know and drinking electrolyte filled water and fucking showing up before anybody. And yeah. Putting in those rounds on the DY machine after practice You like, god damn, I live with Jared Gordon for three years together. He is like my best friend. And same situation. He would say, I'm gonna go for a jog. And I'd be like, all right, cool.


And he'll be like, come back like three hours later I'll be what you, I just ran 20 miles. And I'm like, you said you're going for a jog. That's not a jog. It's like a marathon. Like Yeah. And they would just do that outta nowhere. Like you said, they just had that crazy cardio endurance and they'll just go nonstop. Yeah. and I think it's that type of mindset. Right. Think it just gets your mind off all their stuff. They're, They're a little extra spooky. There's a little extra spooky those forward junkies. I don't know why man. They're like not playing any fucking games. You know guys that have almost died. They are not playing any fucking games with you. Yeah. It's interesting 'cause like there's, there's different things that make a great fighter. There's a lot of stuff. There's genetics, there's gif, some people just have that touch of death.


You know they just have that one shot. KO Power. Some guys just are born with crazy, like Kane Velasquez they said just has genetic cardio. They said that motherfucker could take months off the gym, come in and just smother everybody and nobody could deal with him. They said It was crazy. Like nobody had ever seen anything like it. Like I think Kane for sure was an elite fighter because of his mind, his discipline, his drive, his determination, his skillset. I mean he was a, I think in his prime there's an the argument of who's the best heavyweight of all time. and I always throw kain in there. Yeah. I think prime time Kain was, he was a tornado. He was a tornado. You, you couldn't understand how a heavyweight could be throwing so many punches.


He never stopped and he could take you down and if you took him down he didn't give a fuck. He get right back up with like with Brock Lesner. Yeah bro. He was a tornado in that cage. And I, I, I was able to go down to AKA and get some work in with the guys on there and Kane was there. Oh wow. Yeah. It was just, I was so intimidated because I'm like, can bless. He's a killer. Yeah. And he's like the nicest guy in the world. Super nice guy. But seeing how athletic he was, he was like doing cartwheels in the gym and just like seeing how he moves. I'm like, now I could understand why he was such a great heavyweight and such a killer. Yeah. He was the perfect model heavyweight in his prime You know like two 40, not too big. So he has insane cardio. You're never gonna see a guy like Francis that has the kind of cardio that Kane has.


I don't think it's possible. I think you'd get a tra with Francis. You get the touch of death, you get that one shot. Everybody's like, oh shit. Like the Alister over in fight. Like God Damn. Like he has that crazy, crazy power. But I don't think you get that power with that endurance. It doesn't, I've never seen anybody that has that kind of power that also like Connor even. Yeah. Amazing power. But he doesn't have the kind of endurance that some of these guys that have less power do. Yeah. I'm interested to see how Aspenal is passed the first round. Right. Because we've seen him, right. He looks so fast. He looks and you're like, nobody moves like him. He looks like a younger cane. Right, right. But he just keeps knocking these guys out so quick. So I'm like, let me see him pass the first round to see if he has that cardio as well.


It's a Bit of a problem for him. Right. Because he has not been tested in that way. And You know you're getting up to elite status where you're, you're calling out John Jones. Yeah. Right. Who's, that's the booey man. Like John Jones is the fucking Booy man and maybe he hasn't died but he's probably come, he's probably knocked on the door a couple of times. Like what's going on? Def you in there. you know John Jones has had some trials and tribulations, but the skillset and the, the ability to push deep into rounds is nuts. Like J John fought when he fought Gustafson, he had almost no training camp. They said he barely showed up. Like You know I talked to Jackson about it and Greg Jackson was telling me he's like, he didn't even train for that fight.


Wow. He didn't even train. And then he pulled that fight off in the fourth and fifth rounds. That's when he like really turned it up. So you're talking about a guy who hasn't even been training and then you saw the real John Jones in the second fight that's motivated John Jones who's like, I'm gonna show you what the fuck is really up. And then he just beats the shit outta Augusta in the second fight. And I wonder if it's gonna get him to that point. All this talking from Aspenal it get him motivated. Right. Or is it gonna be a point like let be done with Steve and be done with it but say I don't wanna heavyweight motivated John Jones if I'm on the other side. Like Yeah. Yeah. The way he just pulled gone down so easily and choked him out. I was like, bro. Yeah. And then gon looks good as last two fights. Gongon is like one of the most exciting guys on the feet.


He's so athletic in that style. He's got a weird front kick too. You ever notice his front kick? Yeah. Like a twisting front kick off the front leg. Yeah. Little push kick. Yeah. But it's, It's weird 'cause he turns it and snaps it up. So he jabs you with the toes. There's a kick in TaeKwonDo that's kind of a goofy kick. It's called a twisting kick. And you kind of do it to the face and it's like you, you swing your leg up and kick like this. It's like this. Yeah. But that's what he's doing in a sideways stance. He's just doing it to the body. He's like got a twisting front kick. Yeah. Nobody, nobody kicks like him And he hurt, heard bam bam with that, right. Yeah bro. He fucked bam bam up. That was, that was like Cyril gone at his very best. A guy like bam bam who just comes forward and takes a hell of a shot.


He's not scared to take one to give one. and I mean Tui Vasa is one of the most exciting guys of all time. Right? Yeah. And it's crazy how but That style. Yeah. With gone gun's, this elite striker, incredible lateral movement. You know Counterpunching the ability to move outer range and dive right back in real quick. Yeah. But Aspenal is like, we've only seen him smash. We've only seen, we've never seen him be the nail. I no one ever. Right? No. and I thought Pavlovich was gonna be the one that was like, alright, it's gonna be a banger. And then he just puts him to sleep. And He took Pavlovich fight with a fucked up rib. He couldn't even wrestle. Yeah, Sure. No, it's too right. Wait. Mean imagine you going up against Pvi You know the only guys who's ever beat him was over him and over him. Took him down, beat him up on the ground and you're like, I gotta get this guy down.


This guy's knocking everybody dead. Yeah. And he knocks him out standing. He's so fast for a heavyweight. But again, you're saying the right thing. Like what is it like in the fifth round with John Jones? Because if you can't steamroll John Jones and he starts side kicking your fucking kneecaps, You know There's nobody better with distance than John the best. Nobody comes close A lot of that too. You gotta I know you've experienced that Man. Yeah. How many eye surgeries have you had to have? I've had, I've had three. Wow. Yeah. They, Holy shit. They're literally the hardest thing in the world. The most depressing thing in the world. Yeah. I don't think, Did you have one after the Leon fight or before? I had one after that as well. Like, wow.


Even in my, my fight in, when I fought Luca after the third round, I went back to my corner and I was like, there's something in my eye. And like I couldn't see outta my eye and I'm like trying to blink it out. And then the Cutman Tate, he's like, bro, ain't nothing wrong with your eye. Stop touching your eye. So then I was like, all right, well whatever. So I go back in there the fourth and fifth round and I just can't manage this. And so I'm like just shooting in. And then I was like, man, there's still something wrong with my eye. And then I end up going to the, the doctor like two days later. 'cause I had, I thought it was just a scratch cornea or something, but it ended up being like a detached lens. Oh Jesus Christ. So like the, the whole lens they had to like take out and then like sew back in. Yeah. And it was, my eye was like super bloodshot red for like two weeks.


And then I ended up doing like a weigh in show with the UFCI every pay-per-view. And everybody's like posting pictures and me like, oh look you somebody far on his pillow. 'cause he has had like a red eye and they're like making it in front of me. And I'm just like, I'm like crying myself in my room. Like I don't got pink eye. It's How long did it take to recover from that? That one is wasn't as long. That one was It would, the blood was still in there for probably like a month. The the, the test retina was the hardest one. That one is like eight weeks of not doing absolutely nothing. and I have to be like this. My head sideways for a full eight weeks. Really? Yeah. and I have like a bubble in your eye the whole time. And then even when I'm watching TV, I have to like put my head in a massage chair.


Oh wow. and I'm, and there's like a mirror at the top. So I, I aim the mirror at the TV and I can't do nothing. Wow. But like keep my head down or sideways. And How long did you have to stay like that for? It was like eight weeks. Whoa. Yeah. So you're lying. Did you go to sleep in a massage chair? Yeah. I had to sleep the, I had to sleep with the, my face down in that massage chair the whole time. Wow. Yeah. Wow. It was, that was the, the hardest thing. How Hard is it to sleep like that? And I'm a back sleeper too, so like, oh my God. I hate sleeping on my front on my stomach. So it was like the, the worst two months of my life. And then you're like, you don't know if you're gonna be able to train after that and fight after that. 'cause the doctor's looking at me like I'm stupid. I'm telling 'em I'm going back to the gym and Yeah.


It was rough. Doctors always want you to stop doing what you're doing. Yeah. How'd you hurt your shoulder? Jujitsu. Oh, you need to quit that. Yeah. That's, they always say Yeah. Or you need surgery. Yeah. And I'm just like, there's no form of rehab or like Yeah. Exercises I could do and it's, No, they love to give you surgery Right away. But even with the eye, I like, I'm so afraid to even go to the doctor in general. So like I was avoiding it at all costs. So I would like see like a little black dot inside of my eye and I'm still training. I'm like whatever. And then I was supposed to go with Jared to Brazil when he fought Charles Avera and I had my ticket booked and everything. And then like the, the week before I'm sparring with him and then all of a sudden that black dot turned into like a black sheet and I just went full black.


And I'm just like, oh no, I think you shouldn go to a doctor now. And then they were like, you gotta go under the knife right away. So it was like I had to get surgery right there. Yeah. I had a friend of mine who had a detached retina and he didn't go in quick enough and he lost most of his vision in that eye. Yeah. Yeah. He had a bunch of surgeries that could never fix it. He just, he said that whoever told him that it wasn't a detached retina fucked him because if he had known right away when he went in to check it, that it was a detached retina, he would've been able to immediately get surgery and they would've saved it. Wow. Yeah. That's the hard part. 'cause you always think about Yeah, Michael Bizzing, you're looking at him like, exactly. I don't wanna be that guy.


Exactly. and I was Like, how gangsters that motherfucker, that dude fought 10 times in the UFC with one eyeball. That's wild. Couldn't see. He memorized the fucking eye chart. Yeah. I literally had, I had moments where I'm looking at myself like, am I gonna have to do that? Am I gonna have to figure out something to do to do this? Yeah. Well How about fucking, what's his face? The the pirate Oh. Yeah. Shot up bullet. Yeah. Shot bullet. Yeah. That's Crazy that, that guy's crazy. He's only got one eye, But it's, it's wild. Right? Because I mean he still looks like he sees everything when he is Oh. yeah. He's fighting right? Oh. yeah. Distance management's incredible. Yeah. It makes you think, how good was that motherfucker with two eyes? I, if you could fight that good with one eye.


I fought in Abu Dhabi my first time there when, when Khabib fought Dustin Poer. And then he was just like a fan and he came up to me and he said, I'm gonna be in the UFC and I. I, I remember the picture with him 'cause he like tagged me and obviously you can't forget that face. Right. But then when I saw him like undefeated kill, I'm like bro, dang, he wasn't lying. He is a beast. Oh, he's A beast. Yeah. He's a monster. I watched him fight before he was ever in the UFC when he was on other organizations and I was like, Jesus Christ, this guy can kick. He kicks like you're thinking he's gonna get tired from all that kicking and he does not get tired. Yeah. It's wild. The volume of kicks. He reminds me a lot of Aire You know Aire is like one of those guys like, yo, you better stop thinking about kicking with him since you ain't kicking with Yaya Rodriguez.


You better figure out a way to get past that shit because that guy can kick in a weird way. I train with Yaya and like even it's just like light sparring. I don't even wanna like play with him because he just comes from all different angles. Yeah. But he's so good at like, he'll get so close, it'll be like right here and he'll just pull it. Yeah. I think that's where I learned a lot from him. And then just like when you're going with somebody who flows like that and knows how to move like that, it makes you more creative too. Right. 'cause you're not so tense. You're worried about getting knocked out. Yeah. Yeah. That's, I think that makes kind of sparring. But it's like with a guy like, yeah, if you're gonna fight a guy like Yahir, you gotta find some TaeKwonDo champion and bring him in. But even then they're not gonna know how to punch that good.


Yeah. They're not gonna know how to wrestle. So you're gonna be missing part of it. 'cause Yahir can submit a lot of people, he's fucking wicked off his back. His triangle is fast as fuck. People don't know how good he is. And even his wrestling is really good. Yeah. But when he puts it all together, but I think even when he gets in there, it's just like so much. Right. He puts so much energy into everything. Yeah. That sometimes it leaves openings for the guys to like take him down and hold him down. And like if I'm a guy fighting him, it's like, bro, I, I don't want to give this guy any distance or any room to do anything. Yeah. That Style is just so taxing. You gotta under for people that don't see the difference, there's two things in the octagon that are like probably the most taxing that you wouldn't really guess. The biggest one is the clinch bro.


You see guys just get drained after the first round in the clinch and they go back to their corner and then everything's coming slower. The punches are coming slower, the footwork looks slower. Reaction time is so they'll take a shot that maybe they could have got away from 'cause they just don't wanna move. Yeah. I, we literally like do this in the gym where it's like, alright, let's do 20 pushups and then just hand fight for for three minutes and then we start sparring. Mm. It's like little stuff like that. 'cause that's when you get lactic acid in your arms, you're tired. Yeah. Now let's see you throw punches right, right now and it'll stop people from actually like throwing hard at practice. It'll make you wanna conserve your energy and stuff. But yeah, that feeling when you're in there and you can't lift up your arms. Like Damien Maya shot on me like 30 times and it's the third round.


I'm like, bro, my arms are like dead right now. So if he does take me down, I'm gonna be in a bad spot because my arms are so heavy and dam may he gets to choke bro. Yeah. That guy had that creepy grappling strength where he would get ahold of guys and he'd be like, what is happening here? Like how is this guy so fucking stressed? Especially at one 70 bro. Damien May at one 70 was terrifying. Yeah. People keep forgetting man. That's, they do keep forgetting. He got fucked in the Kamar Usman fight. He got Ha ha fucked. He got fucked. He got to Kamar who's back. He had one hook in standing up and they fucking separated him. It is one of the greatest tragedies and travesties in the history of the sport. That one positional change.


That is a terrible, I don't know what referee was, I don't wanna call him out. People make mistakes. But for Damian Maya, he got fucked because he had Kama Ru's back and Kamara's only loss up to that point was rear naked choke in his first fight. Yeah. And Kamar was nowhere near the grappler in terms of submissions that Damien was. That Damien will set traps. It will do shit to you. And, and he just gets ahold of guy like what he did to Neil Magney like dam Damien gets ahold of dudes and you're like, what is happening here? Yeah. This is a different kind of squeeze man. Yeah. And he got fucked. He got totally fucked. But that's crazy right, because a lot of the fights the world could have changed. Could change. Yes. Off of one ref Oh. yeah. Or one judge could change the whole thing.


Impact your Career. Everything could have changed from that fight. Yeah. Everything could have changed. So, so let's imagine the judge doesn't do that. There is a 30% likelihood tomorrow's gonna get him to the ground and strangle him now Reli legitimately. Yeah. You're looking at prime time. Damion may in the worst possible position. One hook in He is got your back. How are you shaking him off? Yeah. You got a 30% chance of shaking him off. You're stuck. You know you, you got a a of a good chance of holding off until the end of the round. if you can't let, if you could, you might be able to stop him from advancing but it's perilous because this is a terrible position you're in. Damien, Maya's on your back and the referee's like break it up. There's no action here.


Like are you a champion street fighter? Like it's the same shit. Like what are you doing? This is the sport. Yeah. This sport is, this guy is a professional strangler and he's finally gotten a hold of this guy. Oh boo. The casuals are booing so you're gonna separate it. This is, it's the worst tr for me, the biggest travesty I've ever seen in MMA. Yeah. That was number, well this probably been a few. If I really had to go over all of 'em, I'd probably find a few other ones that We were back out there. They'd Be like a top 10. I mean even Leon against Kamar too when Kamar was on top of him and the ref stood them up 'cause the crowd was booing. Right. And then he got head kicked. Ah. Right, right. It's like bro, he's on top of him the whole five, five rounds. But now you want him to stand him up because crowd's booing right now I believe In no standups.


Yeah, I know. It's boring. I don't give a fuck. No standups. No standups. I go a step further. No standups and I think the fight should resume exactly what position you were in at the end of the round. Oh That'd be the game changer. That's a real fight though, right? Yeah. That's a real fight. Like how did you get back up to your feet? Oh the round ended. Yeah. Okay. What are we doing? We're cheating for the striker because that seems like you're kind of cheating for the striker. I know everyone's used to doing it this way, but if you wanna look at it realistically the striker has an advantage for the first few seconds of every fight. Every fight the fight starts standing. So in that perceived, that distance where a striker has its advantage, it starts off with a striker's advantage. So if a grappler gets you to the ground, why do you get that advantage back in the next round?


Yeah. And it's the hardest thing to get somebody down and figure it out. So it's like, and it's The hardest thing to get up. Yeah. So if you can never get up, that's tough Shit. Yeah, tough shit. It's on you. That's five. It's on you. Yeah. That's the sport. The sport is not Boo. Stand him up. Just be, You know, here it's, look at this. Let's, let's look at this again. Take, take it back from the beginning. So Damien gets the clinch right? And Kamas got a over hook on the left arm and he's defending so far. So Damien's working towards the take down, Damien sneaks that leg in and now Kama starts to get in trouble 'cause Damien takes that left arm. He goes all the way over and cinch the waist. So now he's, he's pretty deep kamara's.


The thing that's saving Kama here is his right arm. That whi on his right arm is the thing that's saving him. But he's in danger now. He's in much more danger. 'cause now Damien has the hook and now Damien's pulling that arm over the top of Kamara's wizard. So he'll connect his arms if the referee lets him, what he wants to do is connect his hands in front of Kamara. Kamar does not want that their, their hand fighting right here. But this is a dangerous spot for Kamar. 'cause the only thing that's saving him is that wizard without that wizard. He's fucked right now and he knows it and he's strong as fuck. And he's holding onto that wizard with everything he's got. But Damien is just slowly inching and he's putting leverage with his leg. He's he had That Is so Cool. Yeah. And look, he's further now he's even further now he can punch him.


He's even further. So he's progressing. So he has gotten to a spot where, and the referee is telling him, I guess he's grabbing gloves. He's referee saying he's gotta grab the wrist and He's closer to doing like a twister, standing twister. And he's closer. He's even closer now. Now it's even better. Now it's even better. So now Damien is trying to figure out when he can get his right hook in and what he's doing with his left arm. So the wizard is still holding that left arm in place. But Damien at one point in time had sort of threatened to creep it up over the top of, of Kamas left shoulder. And that's what he wants to do here. So he wants to put all this pressure on, make Kamar do something to defend all the leverage he's putting on his legs, defend these punches.


He's setting up little traps just trying to open up the space so that he could get that right hook in and that left arm over the top. So he is on the back now, like fully on the back and then the referee stops him. Wow. And this is the first round when they're still dry In. Bro. In fucking insane that this referee did this fucking insane. A travesty, an unfair advantage for Kamar for sure. And then Kamar caught him with the left hand or a right hand. He's catching him with jabs. He shouldn't be in this position now Kamar should be still trying to fight out his way outta that clinch. And guess what? He might not have fought his way outta that clinch. He was like, that's wild. Six steps to check me.


you know? Yeah. He was pretty close. Six outta 10 he was in, you know, it's crazy 'cause it's the first round. So it's like first round it's the crowd's booing. It's like bro, he just got to the spot. Yeah. This early. What? Damien punched his butt. So you're going to give you don't think a butt punch hurts. Like he's trying to like do something to get Kamar to react. He's trying to get movement out of him. Yeah. You want him to make the mistake. Yeah. It's Travesty. Yeah. It's now that I look at that, I'm like, that's wild. Travesty. Now imagine Damian may submits him. The world changes. Kamar goes to that next fight. Now everybody's looking to submit him. Things change. He's not the boogeyman anymore. Somebody just tapped him. Maybe his confidence goes down. A little bit. You know. Maybe he doesn't get favorable Match up in his next fight.


Maybe he loses again. Yeah. You know things. Damien Goes, gets the Belt. Yes. Yeah. Damien gets the belt. Like things happen man. Weird things happen. Weird things happen in the sport. You know. That's why it's so incredible when someone reaches the title. When you actually do it, you become Islam ache, you become a Al Muhammad, you get all the way up there and you win the title. There's so many hurdles. Like you've lost fights. Yeah. You've, yeah. The I poke with Leon was crazy. You've had bad moments. And to get all past that and get to the title. Yeah. Just thinking back to like all your ups and downs. Yeah. Just looking at the journey in general and you're like, why did this happen? Or why did that happen? Especially after law. I'm a terrible loser. So you're like, why is this happening to me?


But then now that I look back at it and thinking about the stuff that I changed and then, alright, I started doing this more. I started fixing this and now it just like made me the fighter I am today. And it's like, I'm glad those downs happened because now the ups feel so good and like nobody could take that away. Right? Like the, the mountain I climbed was way higher than anybody else climbed. It was a lot harder than anybody else climbed. There's A lot to that. Yeah, there's a lot to that. There's a lot to that because the guys that come up real fast and like super talented and just fuck everybody up and never get tested. Like it's, I think for some of those guys it's harder to maintain that motivation. 'cause you don't know the downs. Yeah. You know. Like they just, they have a belief in themselves. Like You know BJ Penn is a good example of that in my opinion.


I I, I always put BJ in the category of ones the greatest of all time. I always say you gotta look at BJ in his prime. You have to look at BJ when he was beating Sean Shirk, bj when he beat Joe Daddy Stevenson. BJ was a monster man. Just a monster. He had crazy flexibility. Unbelievable balance. You could try to take him down. He would hop around on one leg, like he had two. It was nuts, man. But BJ was so fucking talented that I think BJ didn't really like to work that hard. You know. He didn't really get up for it as much as like some of the other guys that weren't as talented. And when BJ did wasn't his prime, that's when he was training with the Marinovich and that's when he was doing those crazy plyometric workouts and 'cause he had this insane gas tank with all the talent of a BJ Penn.


Yeah. And then like you said, people forget how good he was. They forget these, these new age fans. They never seen him before. They never saw him fight. Yeah. They Forget. They think it's Fight for losing a streak. Yeah. Like Tyron Woodley the same kind of thing. Yeah. You think about 'em only when they're at the end of their career, you don't think about how good they were. Nobody can maintain that forever. It's not possible. It's Not possible. Habib said it from the beginning, right? He said you're always gonna lose, there's a, there's a time for your thing. He said it about tomorrow. He said about Tony Ferguson. He said, these guys, they're gonna learn the hard way. And for me, he said if I stayed in, I'd probably end up losing sometime. I don't think he would lose butt. Yeah. Like he said, like you think You like I could still go with him and I'm looking at this guy like, bro, you could be the heavyweight heavy right now.


It's like nuts. What does he weigh now? He's, I think he's probably like 200. 'cause he's, he rolls consistently with everybody and then he always says I have to jog 30 minutes a day. He always is on a treadmill at least 30 minutes. But just like him and grappling, it's wild. 'cause I just be like, it was when I first got the fight announced from Dana White, I was over there in New Jersey training with Islam for, for his fight when he was fighting Poirier. And then like they announced it and I'm like, Khabib's, like I come with me over here train. And then he's just killing me. Like literally like throwing me around. And then I'm just like getting murdered. Then my coach tells me like, Hey, you see Dana White announced you got the title fight. And I'm looking at myself like, really? All right. What's crazy is he's still in his prime.


Yeah. That's what's crazy. Like he get out 29 in Oh in his prime. He's like, I'm done. I made a promise to my mom And do it on top and no injuries. Nothing. Nobody does that. Nobody does that. Only the greats. Right. Even, I mean GSP did it but, but GSS P came back and he fought when he was older. He fought Bisping at 85. You know and GSP, his You know. I mean he had gone through some wars and at the end of that last one Yeah. He was just like, I need some time off You know. Yeah. I think a lot of these fighters, they they need the time off. Yeah. They don't take it and they try to rush back in as after losses and it just adds up.


You see it with, I mean Tony Ferguson right. Prime example. I think after that, that gati fight, that should have been time off. That should have been like, alright, let me take a year off. Not do nothing, but you wanna rush back in there and then all of a sudden the losses start adding, adding up your, your body's taking damage and He's another one. So let's imagine Tony Ferguson doesn't trip all of those wires backstage. So he's about to fight. Could be for the title in Madison Square Garden. He trips over some wires backstage and tears his knee apart. Just a freak accident. Yeah. Just a freak accident that could happen to anybody. Tears his knee apart, has to get knee surgery, misses the title fight. Al Quinta steps in has a good fight with him.


And Tony Ferguson, the one guy that We were always like, how would Tony do? 'cause he in his prime, people forget in his prime. That motherfucker was terrifying. He had a long ass wind streak and fucking everybody up. He was cutting people, strangling people. He was a beast. Dude. Tony Ferguson was a fucking monster. But people forgot. They forgot. Yeah. They only see Tony Ferguson now when he get knocked out by Chandler. They see Tony Ferguson now when Patty ble beats him, like you don't understand. Yeah. He's 40. Whatever he is years old. Like he's natural. The body just can't do what the mind wants it to do anymore. Yeah. And you're looking for that one point where at least a coach family or somebody that tells 'em like, ah, you're done but you want, yeah, maybe you want to end on a winning note or you don't wanna just like, I think these guys just like it.


They wanna fight and that's all they know. Yeah. It's, it's different in different people. Like some people get out and they go, I think I did enough. I'm out. And they hold to it like Khabib or like Andre Ward, Andre Ward's, another one goes out on top on top gold medalist in the Olympics. Two division world champions. Like that's it. I'm good. I think he and he, they offered him, when Canelo fought Veev, when he knocked out Veev and won the light heavyweight title, they were saying maybe Andre Ward would come back and they were gonna throw a lot of money at him. And he, I think he considered it, but I think he said, I serve boxing better in the position that I am. So here's a guy Olympic gold medalist, two division world champion.


Speaks perfectly nothing wrong with him at all. You know, very, very religious man. Never swears like I did a podcast with him. He got upset that I said the F word he did. Like, he called me afterwards like, I didn't know that you were gonna be swearing. and I was like, oh wow. That's Because he, he say he, he would want people like from his church to listen. Yeah. So now he can't say yeah, don't, he's gotta say don't listen to that one. Oh wow. Joe Rogan's got a potty mouth. I thought he's a epoxy g. and I was gonna talk to him like a regular dude. But he's, but he's one of the wise ones that's said, that's it. You know everybody else comes back, man. Marvin Haggler, he was another one. Never came back. So that's it. I'm done. Yeah. But Ward, I think even now, like I said in the commentary, the way he breaks stuff down, I think his new book was, was so good.


Just him. It's like hearing his stories wild. Yes. It is a crazy story. But him and Canelo would've been crazy. Whew. That would've been crazy. Yeah. I would've loved to see that fight. I wanna see Canelo and Benavidez like, come on Saudi Arabia, throw that, throw that money. Throw that money. Let's see that fight. 'cause if Crawford, if they're not gonna have him fight Crawford, which I did wanna see, I did wanna see, even though I know it's crazy. It's a giant weight jump. Yeah. But Panda is not a weight jump. That's the right weight. And that guy's a killer. And it makes the most sense. It makes the most sense. But, and canal's like gimme $200 million And I can see them just offer it. Yeah. Let just go on my bank account. I just give you that check real quick. Saudi Arabia guy, I, I hope they, I hope that Benavidez and him do fight and I hope it's at 1 68.


'cause I think that's like Benavidez his best division. I mean he only fought, he fought that last fight at 75 against a good guy. Yeah. And he won the fight, but he didn't look like the same guy that he looks like at 68. I, I don't think that power carries quite as much with those bigger guys. Yeah. It's just A little bit of a step. It's a step up. You know like that that there's very few guys that keep that power as they keep going up and up and up in weight. It's just, And there's so many weight classes in boxing, right? Yeah. So He could Be like I said, if for Canelo and him the fight that makes sense. So for him he is like, I need to find the biggest fight and it's all right. Lemme move up a couple more pounds here. Yeah. And then you think it's not a big jump, but those pounds make a difference. It makes A difference. Yeah. But for Crawford, I think he just wants the big money fight.


Like what is the big money? Funny. Canelo's the big money fight. cr you know Crawford is one of the best ever. He is 36. He's like, maybe this is You know, lemme get one big money fight and get the fuck outta here. Yeah. But he's got Boots en us You know knock on his door too. Which is another amazing fight. But super dangerous. You know like, just like Benavidez is dangerous boots Enni is very fucking dangerous. Very dangerous. Yeah. And there's always somebody coming Right, right behind you. Yeah. And these guys who've been at the top so long, you're like, all right, let me get somebody that's on my level. Canelo. Yeah. He's been at the game just as long as me. And all right, let's just do this for his paycheck and then move on. I Think when they get to a certain level and they realize they only have a few fights left, they want the big money fights.


And Canelo is obviously the biggest money fight. Even though Boots Enni is a great fighter. Most people don't know who he is yet. Yeah. And with Canelo, everybody knows who Canelo is. if you get the Canelo fight, that's Red Panties night. Yeah. You know like, you're in let's go. That's, I mean that's the John Jones effect with Steep, right? Yep. Not a lot of people know where Aspenal is yet. Right. I mean the real fans know him, but it's like everybody knows Steppe. Right. Everybody knows he was one of the greatest heavyweights to ever do it. It's a great thing if John can beat him on, on his resume. You know it's a one more notch that John beat the most accomplished heavyweight of all time. But here's the thing, everybody's sleeping on steep a here's the thing about heavyweights.


Heavyweights mature later and they, they get, they get compromised later too. Like heavyweights can, like George Foreman won the heavyweight title at 45 years old. There's a, and that was in the natural days. I think there's maybe not natural. I mean I don't know what George is doing, but I was thinking of Vander Holyfield, I'm like, Hmm, Maybe there's something going on. But my point is that like heavyweight fighters, I think because there, it's, there's not as much movement. It's a, it's a different thing. The body matures. It takes longer there. They're just bigger human beings. I could see a guy that's in his forties still fighting Elite and we haven't seen steep a since he got knocked out.


So we saw that fight against Francis, where Francis just looked unstoppable. Francis knocks him out. And we haven't seen Steep a in years now. Like how, when was the last time Steep A fought? I remember it was at the Apex and it was in the middle of the pandemic because There was no crowd. Yeah. Which was crazy to see a heavyweight title fight with no crowd. It was nuts. Yeah. The, the pandemic days were were wild. Wild. Everybody's wearing a mask hanging over their nose. It's all so stupid. Thanks Francis. Right? Yes. Yeah. So March 27th, 2021. 2021 dude. 2021. And we're getting real close to 2025. So 2025. If this fight happens in November, 2025 is just a fucking month away. That's a long ass time.


But it's also a long ass time with no head injuries. Yeah. It's a long ass time without getting You know two or three fights, a serial gun fight another fight this fight that fight. It's a long tie without getting beat up. And You know if he comes as a different version himself. Yeah. What if he's been working on some stuff and he Yes. I mean if he knows he's fighting John Jones and he probably knew probably for the last year and a half, I'm just studying one guy for Right. A year and a half just focused on him. Exactly. It changed a lot of stuff. And you know, he's had time to rest, like let the chin recover. 'cause that that's a, you know, I think Daniel Cormier landed the picture perfect right hand when he knocked out steep a, but I also think steep A was probably beaten up from that Francis fight.


That Francis fight was not much. I mean I don't remember how many months, how many months was there between Francis Steep a fighting Francis and then steep a fighting DC seven. Seven months? Yeah. Oh wow. That's not enough time. And the year before the Previous Fight. Yeah, the a year before. That's a different thing. Yeah, it's the Francis fight was the damage. Francis was in the first round in particular. He landed some big shots. He was fucking scary as shit, dude. So I think he, him coming in and fighting Daniel, I gotta imagine he took some heavy blows in that fight. And You know, like even if he didn't lose, he had to have gotten some damage. Like he might have been concussed.


Like he got hit hard. No doubt, no doubt. Yeah. Yeah. Hard in that fight. And then do you go right back in a train? You're like, no, you should take a long ass time with no contact at all and let everything heal up. And he probably didn't get a chance to do that. I mean, I think that's also Kosky after Islam. Oh. Yeah. I think that was his biggest mistake. Right. Huge Mistake. You just wanna do two, two mistakes. One, you don't fight Islam on 10 days notice. You just can't, that just doesn't make any sense. That's crazy. He's so hard to beat. He's so good. He's, if he's not the best, it's you and him for the best pound for pound and you're, you're, you're gonna risk that on 10 days. That's crazy. And that again changes the course of his career.


Right. That's wild. Right back Max, if he doesn't take that fight, he says, I can't. I'm ready for ia por that guy's coming and he knows how fucking dangerous IA is. And so he doesn't take that fight. And then he goes in fresh against IA and you have a much better fight. Yeah. Who knows who would've won. But you gotta think he was compromised from that. I mean he got head kicked. Yeah. Head Kicked shin to the dome, which is just for sure. It's gonna rattle you for a long time When you're, when you're just getting put out cold like that. And especially, you probably cut a lot of weight to get to that point. 'cause you look kind of flabby in that Islam fight. So you're taking a fight on 10 days notice. There's not a lot of guys that are around, or they're weight class anyway.


So they're cutting a lot. Then you have to go, all right, now I'm gonna fight Islam. Who's number one pound for pound. And then that head kick Islam looked like Michelangelo sculpted him. He's so big people. He's, and he's so strong. So good. What Does he weigh, what does he weigh? Like normal, like right now, if you called him up, what do he weigh brother? Would He Say? I would, I would say at least minimum. Like 180 5, 1 90. The Fuck outta here he is 210 pounds. No, no. It's like that Guy's 250 pounds. His strength feels like two 50 pounds. That's what I hear. But that's the thing with them, they're always training. No matter what they're doing. They always at least run once a day or, or grapple. So Once a day. So he's losing roughly 30 pounds to make 55 From the start, I would say.


Yeah. Yeah. He's big. That's about as big as you can get and keep doing that. That's big. Yeah. And he's tall. He's, he's lengthy and he has, he has power. Like he could go up to 70 easily, I think. Yeah, Easily. He's got real power now on his feet, which is a, a new addition over the last You know X amount of years, his standup has gotten elite. Like he knocked down Alora. He had alora in real trouble. The Ganowski had kicked though. And There was also the way he set it up, he kept kicking to the body. Oh my God. Yeah. I think people just assume that all he's gonna do is wrestle. But then when you see him going there and outs strike somebody, strike. He even boxed with Poer. Yeah. He has some really good hands in there with him. Yeah. And people were like, oh wait, he could strike too.


But his grappling just as good Oh. yeah. He Could do everything. He's, he's as good as it gets. Yeah. He's as good as it gets. He's the most complete fighter on the roster. 'cause he submits people. Like he submitted Poer in the final round. Incredible, incredible submission. But he was winning that fight already. Yeah. But then, you know, he can also knock you out. He can, he literally does everything. He's one of the best wrestlers in the sport. His top control and his squeeze is insane. Yeah. Remember when he tapped out? Drew do Drew Dover, he got a hold of Drew Dover. It was like Drew, Dover had zero chance of moving. He wasn't going anywhere. He was just crushed. It was like, it was, it was like he was fighting a man twice his size. I was just bringing that up. When I talk about Dan Hooker, he just went war with mro.


Exactly. And Islam just took him down and tapped him out within like the first like two or Three minutes and tapped him out to the point where you're like, please tap, please tap. Fucking tap, dude. Just tap. Don't let him do it. Yeah. Because it looked like he was gonna break his fucking arm apart. It's, it's so funny because like Habib will like get guys in there and he's the type that'll grapple and like, just like talk, have a conversation as he is grappling. But he had like Ali and Kimora and he's like laughing and Ali's like tapping and he's just like, haha brother. Hey brother, gimme coffee. And he's just like, I'm like, bro, I think you're gonna break his arm like at some point. Like That's a terrible break too. That spiral breaks. It's The, it's the worst. and I was like, they're so strong and it's like effortless with them. Ugh. Their bodies move crazy. I remember Michael Johnson when Khabib got Michael Johnson in that Kimora and I was like, Jesus, please tap Michael God tap please just tap.


I was like squirming in my chair. 'cause I'm waiting to hear crack because I've seen it like the n no fight with Frank Muir. Remember that Oh? yeah. You see his arm, you hear the snap and you see him like look over at his arm and his arm's like halfway hanging. Oh That's the one. That's the, that's the scary part about the whole thing. That's so scary. Yeah. That's such a scary break. 'cause that you're, this arm is never the same again. It's never the same again. Yeah. No matter what, they're gonna screw things in there and bolt things. All your muscles have been cut, all your nerves are fucked up. It's never gonna be the same arm. And then you have guys that are like crazy enough to like keep fighting after that. Yeah. They don't give a fuck with the broken arm. Break my arm. Yeah, go ahead Tim. Sylvia, when Frank Meer broke his arm, oh, here it, it is with no gear.


Oh Jesus. You gotta make me look at this. Ah. Ah. And he looks down at his arm like, ah, God damn please. Ladies and gentlemen, tap. Please tap. Sometimes you have to tap. Ah, sometimes. I know, I know. But sometimes you gotta tap for the future. Did you see that guy Mikey Muci fought in one fc. Oh and he destroyed his leg. Yeah. The guy wouldn't tap this fucking guy's an animal. He would not tap. and I don't. I was tapping at home. I couldn't believe it. He broke his leg like three times. He just kept breaking his knee left and right and ripping it apart. I'm watched his knee. I'm like, that's destroyed. Yeah. There's your LCL. There's your L. Look at this.


This is so horrible. Oh my God. Ah. Like right now his leg is destroyed. His leg right now is fully destroyed. It's totally twisted. All his, his ligaments are fucked. He couldn't walk after this fight. I mean look at his heel is totally the wrong way. His knee is twisted completely around. That is horrible. I mean he's going that way with it. Oh my God. The dude never tapped. The dude got his leg destroyed and never fucking tapped. He's, but he's probably never gonna be the same again. Mikey has to have some like craziness inside of him just to keep going though. Oh, he's An evil little man. He has to be evil. He's an evil little man. He's a really, really, really nice guy.


Yeah, but he's also got a switch. Yeah, there's a switch And he gets into that octagon and What's that? Why'd you do that to me? He said why'd you make you do that? That's what Mikey said to him. Yeah. He felt bad that the guy wouldn't tap. It was a crazy demonstration. But that poor guy, I mean I gotta think his what, what, what kind of surgery? Find out what kind of surgery that guy had to have after that fight. I hate leg locks in general. Even at practice. I'll tell you guys, I'm terrified. If you're gonna put leg lock, I'm just gonna tap like I'm not even gonna play it 'cause it's, Well I came out before leg locks. So I didn't learn leg locks until late in my juujitsu journey. Like I was already a black belt before leg locks became the big thing when we already knew about him.


Like I had seen Dean Lister use him. I went, when Eddie went to Abu Dhabi, I went down there with him and Dean Lister was tapping people. Dean Lister was the first guy to really like fuck a lot of guys up with leg locks. And a few of those lu tore guys were really good at leg locks. Okay. They would do 'em. But leg locks in juujitsu tournaments were booed. People didn't want Oh. yeah man. Because they ruined people's knees and no one really knew how to defend them. Torn ACL torn. MCL torn men. Oh my God. And a broken ankle. My god. That's wild. I tore everything Mikey said. I'm sick to my stomach. I never felt someone's leg explode like that in a match. I've been training for 22 years. I never broke someone's leg that much. I broke a lot of legs, but that leg exploded.


I didn't know what to do and it was just disgusting and gross. I really wishy tapped the result. Didn't change. Now he's in the hospital so I don't know. But what a worry is for showing his will. That's why you gotta choke people. You gotta choke people. Some people just, they don't want to tap and they just go to sleep. And that's okay. That's, That's, that's Marcello Garcia's route. Marcelo Garcia never used Kimura. 'cause Marcello Garcia, although of course he could do a Kimora, he never used kimura 'cause he felt like Kimura's were like a strong man's move. 'cause you have to kind of yank it and you are resisting the arm. It's not perfect technique. So Marcello was all about grabbing your neck. Like he had the nastiest guillotine. Did you ever watch Marcello fight? Yeah. Yeah. Oh my god. Dude, I was there live when he fought Xin in Abu Dhabi.


Oh my God. Oh my God. It was like, what was that dude, the Tasmanian devil from the cartoons that was like just spinning around him getting his back and put him to sleep. That's crazy. Oh my God. And nobody knew who Marcello was. That was what was crazy. Like a lot of people respected him. Everybody knew he was a black belt. You know Fabio gel lineage. Solid lineage. Everybody knew he was good but god damn. Killer. Killer. Did you watch that million dollar tournament with Craig Jones? I did. Yeah. Yeah I did. They, that one match was really good in the semi-finals with them two kids. Oh. Yeah. Rutolo. Yeah. And who was the other caddy? Five. Ah, I forgot. But that was a Find. Find that crazy. I think they said it's on YouTube as the greatest grappling match of all time.


Yeah, that was a wild one. Well the Ruto Brothers are so good. They're so good. And again, look, 20 years old, 19 years old, just coming up The young ones man, Young and explosive and wild. They do all kinds of crazy techniques. They catch Darcys from everywhere And I like the ring they do there. Andrew Tackett, who's also a killer. So it was a, an incredible match. And these guys just went at it. I don't like that ring. you Know, it's, it's fun. It's like something different. I don't like it. I don't like it because it's another obstacle. I think they had it right before when There was no obstacles. Like this is a obstacle. Right. This keeps you from being able to get upright. It's a thing that you have to think about. This is why, like I've said this before, I apologize for everybody who's heard it.


I think fighting should take place with no cage. It would be easier to see and I think, but shouldn be on a basketball court and you fight in the center. Yeah. if you can have basketball in the same arenas where we have UFCs, you take a an enormous space, you mat it up, you put security around it so nobody can get in and nobody, you know, you put ropes up and guys step in and they fight right in front of everybody. That would be epic. No time zone. That's no time limit. Nah, I don't think you, I think you should have time limits. I think you should even have rounds. But if I was running things, this is what I'd do number one. First thing I'd do cover the fingertips. Oh. yeah. Why are the fingertips open? Yeah, they don't have to be open. All you need is the same UFC gloves right now and extend the lever like a mitten the leather, like a mitten over the, the tips of the front fingers and pull it back in there.


I think It would help grappling. I don't think It would hurt grappling. So I don't think grapplers have a problem with it. It'd have no difference at all on your striking. You would just pull it like a bag glove You know like those old Everlast bag gloves. Yeah. But not even as thick. Just have it. So now you have one piece. So you don't have nothing that can go in your eyeball. Like we've seen fingers go in eyeballs before. So that would be eliminated. You'd still have some abrasions of the eye. You could still run into fingers like that. It would suck. It would suck less though. Yeah. It would suck less. So that would be my first thing I would do. Second thing I would do, wherever the fuck, nobody gets stood up ever for any reason. Unless someone gets injured or some foul or something happens wrong. Somebody bites some money, some crazy shit.


Then stand people up. And then I think you put him right back down to the position after you take the point away or whatever you're gonna do. But once a guy gets you down, it's your job to get back up. And at the end of the round, if you're on your back and he's mounted you, you start the next round with him mounted you, you put the arm in the exact same place. He had an over hook on the right arm and he's on top and he is got his hand on your bicep. Okay. This is how the round ended. This is how we start. And everybody looks at the screen and everybody looks at the guys and they go 3, 2, 1, fight. That would be wild. That would be real. That would be, yeah, that would be, that'd be real. Yeah. Because it's not five fights. It's one fight. It's one fight That's five rounds.


Why should it start on your feet every round. That's crazy. Why? Because just the, that's how it is in boxing to come outta their corner. Who fucking cares? That's stupid. Yeah. Start 'em where they, you gotta get better the same way you got sick, you got taken down, you gotta get up. Somebody got you down, you gotta get up. 'cause if you don't get up then he's winning. He's figured out a way to hold you down. You don't wanna be held down. He's holding you down. So he's winning. Even if he's not doing any damage, he's winning. He's holding you down. Everybody. Boo Boo. So what? So it'll affect your ticket sales. So let, you'll get less money for pay-per-view. So what? But this is what real fighting is. That's real.


That's the, the most pure version of the sport that we could offer. Giant matted down space. You make it so that You know you have security around it. So no fucking psychos can rush. you know, you put ropes up so people can't pass it. Everybody's gonna have a clear line of sight. No cages in the way. You still have the big monitors, everything like that. They fight in an enormous space. And you have a a danger zone. You got an outside danger zone. And if you keep going into that fucking danger zone, they take a point away. if you get kicked in the nuts, take a point away. You get poked in the eye, take a point away. You grabbed the, well grab the fence. I think take a point away too. But let's have no fence. Yeah. No offense. So there's no way to take someone down except taking 'em down.


You gotta actually take 'em down. You can't get 'em up against the the cage and trip 'em. 'cause their back is No, no, no. You have to take them down on a flat ground with no help. And he's gotta get up without the cage. He can't wall. Walk up to the cage and press his back up and use the leverage. Uhuh Uhuh, get up. You're in the middle of the fucking matted area. Get up. I'm just imagining guys like MVP and Wonder Boy like to be able to catch those guys in a basketball court hard and be wild hard. Sean O'Malley just Yeah, Hard. Great for them. Too bad for them if they get taken down though. Yeah. Real bad. That's right. Yeah. Real bad. 'cause now you have to actually be able to get up And you're stuck there. And imagine getting up with Kiv on top of you. Has anybody ever gotten up?


Dude, that guy gets on top of you. You're fucked. You gotta wait till the round's over Bro. Like when we, when a grapple like the round will be over with and it'll still be going. And he is like, no brother, you have to get up. And I'm just like, bro, I can't like the bell ring bro. You gotta get up. That's what you mean. and I just stay on top of you. It's like, it'll be like a 15 minute round. It'll be just like, that's so crazy. Nonstop. It's wild. Yeah. But that mentality is why that camp produces so many assassins. I was very impressed with Umar. Oh, very impressed. Very impressed. Because I, I always knew he was an elite kicker. You know. I mean he's a, he's an elite striker too. But to see him fight a guy like San Hagen who's so complex, he does so many things well and to see him dominate that fight, I was like, wow, that's really impressive.


That's really impressive. Yeah. I think he still only has less than five fights in the UFC. He's still, Yeah, he's incredible. Starting and I Butchered his name one time so bad. That was the, I could see it all the time. I could, it couldn't get outta my mouth. Like I don't know what it is. Like sometimes my mouth just don't work. Right. And that's fine if you're doing a podcast, you could just say it again. Yeah. But if you're like saying a guy's, no fuck. I'm like, what did I say? I felt so bad. 'cause I really love the guy. I think he's awesome. And especially after the San Hagen fight, I think he's the most compelling contender in that division after Moab. Yeah. So after Moab, I think he's gotta get that shot. Whoever wins and him against either one of those guys is sensational.


That's a sensational fight. That's like elite top. That's like as good as we have to offer today in terms of martial arts talent. Yeah. 100%. Like the way he did San like San Hagen's, one of my favorite fighters to see. He's so good. How good Omar did against them. Didn't have really any moments of difficulty in there. and I was like, he's elite. Yeah. He's he's super elite. you know, I, I think about San Hagen, one thing I think about is, here's a bummer. TJ dha. Like TJ dha. Let's imagine that TJ DHA didn't blow out his shoulders. 'cause TJ DHA beat San Hagen with one leg. Yeah. Which is crazy. And he beat San Hagen. San Hagen San Hagen that had fucked up Marlon Rai.


San Hagen. San Hagen like the, the San Hagen of today. You know that guy is fucking top of the food chain. He's very good. And TJ beat him with one leg and a fucked up shoulder. His shoulder wasn't good back then either. Yeah, it was fucked up. Yeah. But he figured out a way to win. It wasn't the most exciting fight, but how could it be? He had one ACL, he blew his fucking knee apart. But he still beat him. That guy's had so many fucking injuries. if you imagine TJ DHA not having all those injuries and and someone talking him out and going down to 25. Yeah. Did you see how big he is right now, Bryce? He's huge. He's like 180 pounds. It's, it's wild. I was like, that's what I would be, I, I wish I was tighter with him 'cause I would've said do not fucking do it.


Look at him now. Huge. Oh My God. Yeah. His, his piss would melt that us Sonic Cup Just put him and Chad Menez in a room and just have him just like duke it out. Do a best body contest. The votes like takes. But You gotta think man, how good Cody Nolo was when he beat him. You know when he stopped him. Dude, TJ Dhar was a bad man. Hen Barrow was the pound for pound considerate of a number one fighter in the world when he was the band away. Champion a lot of people. He was in consideration. Yeah. And TJ just pieced him up and he did it like he was sparring. He was all loose and relaxed. And he had that Dwayne Ludwig, I don't know if you ever trained with Dwayne. No.


He's got an incredible system that bang muy ty system is one of the most complex and well thought out striking systems I've ever seen. Like I, he's a maniac. He's got notebooks, like binders with all these moves like locked in and he, if you watch Dwayne fight though, it's so crazy. 'cause he didn't fight that way. Yeah. Dwayne fought You know he had like kind of traditional, like a lot of Muay Thai, a lot of Dutch kickboxing style, nasty striker. But he didn't like switch stances all the time and do like tj. But he figured that out. He figured out that this is the way the constant switching and striking from each stance and the constant footwork and movement, all these patterns that they would get guys to lead into certain positions and do it.


Like it wasn't just like smashing buttons. Like style Bender likes to talk about, Dwayne's thought about it as like a real comprehensive striking program. And TJ was his best pupil. And TJ when he fought H Barrow was showing that style in its world class form. But people forget. People forget how good TJ Dhar was. They forgets he has that fight with Souto. He test positive for EPO 'cause he's literally dying to make 1 25. He looked like an Auschwitz concentration camp survivor. He did? Yeah. He looked like they just opened the doors and let him outta the concentration camp. He had no skin in his face. His face was just, it was just bones. He looked terrible. And TJ is a big guy for 35.


He's big. He's a good solid, perfect 35 pound frame. And somehow or another someone talked him into it or he wanted to do it for the challenge Chasing that greatness. Yeah. Fuck that man. Fuck that kind of cut. Yeah, it's cool because he had to be starving to death in camp. So he, he must've been like doing his camp while he was starving. Literally starving to death. Like your organs are shutting down, your brain's not working anymore. And then when you're thinking about was the EPO just because of the weight cut's, what he said. Right. But then you think if he was using it beforehand how good Cody Nolo was before he fought him and after him beating do Cruz.


That was like the best performance I've ever seen in my life. Yeah. And then he goes and gets knocked out by him and if he says, 'cause he was an EPO right? And it's like that changed your whole career if you're Cody It does, it does change your whole career. And you know, there's guys have accused him of doing stuff other than that and I don't, I don't know who's telling that's what he looked like. Oh my God, That's so crazy. That is so crazy. I wish I was his friend. I wish I was tight with him back then and when he was, I wish like he would've listened to someone who has said, just don't do that man. Don't fucking do that. You could be one of the all time greats at 35 and stay there. But you also gotta think like how many of his injuries got amplified because of that weight cut? How much body deterioration was he going through?


And then also going through camp. So he is pushing hard. He's wrestling, he's hitting, hitting the MITs, he's sparring all this while his body's deteriorating for, so all his mass is down all the muscle that's protecting his shoulders, which are You know his superspinatus has been missing forever. His superspinatus has been ripped off the bone from like the beginning of his career. We were just, I was talking to a guy yesterday about weight cutting We were at, at the sushi spot. Sushi by scratch. And then the sushi guy who was rolling it, he was like, I used to be a weight cutter in high school when I was a wrestler and I had to have heart surgery 'cause I was cutting weight since I was six years old. Oh my God. My dad would make me cut weight. Oh my God. and I was like, Oh my god, Dad changed your whole life because you started cutting it that young.


And he's like, bro, I had so many issues, problems from there. Oh. yeah. And it was just wrestling. He said, I wasn't even grappling or anything. I was just wrestling since a kid. My dad just made me cut weight since I was a kid. It was like 100 and like nine pounds, like 90 pounds. and I was like, how are you cutting weight that young So bad for you. Yeah. It stunts your growth does a lot of wild shit to your body. Make your kidneys fail And changes your life. Changes your life. Yeah. And you don't grow up. Right. It's like you're being poisoned from the time you're a kid. Your body doesn't develop. Right. Who knows what could do to your, this the future of your life. it might have taken a decade or two off of his life And it just burns you out in general. Yeah. if you go to fighting after that. Exactly. And you've been cutting weight since that long.


Exactly. Now you're a fighter. Now you have to cut weight. Right. Every single fighter I think has like an eating disorder or two now after Oh. yeah. Yeah. I'm sure. I'm sure. Well, how much do you have to cut Me? Like I get around to like one 90 and then when it's, when I'm in fight camp and I'm training, I'm walking around at 180 5. So like, oh that's not bad at all. At 15 pounds the most. Yeah. But I, I keep a, a chef with me for like this last five weeks. Ian Rios, he'd been with like DC Kane and all them guys and he lives in my house for five weeks. and I tell people it changes your life. Like you, you train so much better off it 'cause he's giving you the right food to eat. Right. Like Before I would sit there when I'm cutting him away myself, I was like, I'm not gonna have breakfast.


I'm just gonna go to the gym and train. Now I'm waking up and he is giving me like potatoes and eggs and I'm like, bro, I can't have carbs. What are you giving me these bro? You're not gonna train, you're not gonna have a good workout unless you had this stuff. So like, there's no thought process with me. He just gives me everything, my shakes, my my food. And then I come home from practice and then he has lunch on the table. Then I come home after another session and he has dinner on the table. And Is he, is he calculating the calories for each meal? Yeah. And how that's set up? That's what's get where it gets fast. Fascinating. Right. When they calculate the calories for each meal and they give you the exact right amount. Yeah. I, I hate looking at the scale. So like he'll make me step on the scale and it'll be five weeks. Like, bro, no we're not, we're not, we still have like five more weeks, like get on the scale. So I'll, I won't look at it.


So he'll look at it right in his phone and then he'll just keep track of it the whole time. That's An eating disorder. It Is. Yeah. Man, you, you Won't even look at it. I was like, bro, I don't even wanna look at it. 'cause then it just, it tells me like, oh man, I gotta do this or I gotta do that more. But it'll make me push that much harder at practice. But I'm like, I'm gonna push hard anyway for the fight. But I think mentally I just hate scales. Like I won't step on a scale until I have a fight. Like, Yo, nobody's got a eating disorder Like Patty. Oh my god. Pat Patty celebrates his eating disorder. That motherfucker gained 40 pounds after his last fight And that's gonna literally kill him. I feel like it's, It's wild. It's not good. It's def Well he's so good though, man. I'm so impressed with him. Like he keeps getting, I thought Jared Gordon beat him and I thought that fight to me was, that was another one of those fights.


If Jared Gordon wins, then all of a sudden Jared Gordon's got another big fight, another giving fight. And he had two blunders in a row. You know, not his fault, the other one was the headbutt with Bobby. Yeah, but the, the Patty one was a big one man, because the Patty one, he was fucking winning that fight, man. I felt he was landing the big shots. That counter left Hook was sweet. He looked good. I thought he won the fight. I thought it was a good fight, but I thought he won the fight. And then Patty fights Bobby Green and he looks like a world beater. He looks like a world beater that fuck it. The strategy was perfect. Stay on the outside, fuck his legs up. And then you realize how big Pat is too. Like Pat's a big 50 fiver. 'cause Bobby's big.


Yeah. Excuse me, king. He's king now. That's wild. Change His David King. I love that dude. Change his name King. So King is, you know, he's a tall dude too, for the division. Yeah. But you realize how big Pat is. And people think of Pat only as a grappler, but his kicks were on point man. His kicks were on point. And he's tough in general. Yep. Those guys, when you, you hit a guy and he's still standing in front of you, it makes you wanna shoot on him. Because I'm looking at Bobby like, why would you should have taken that on Petty. I feel like this is the only way of beating you is to catch you on a submission. I think his Legs were getting fucked Up. Yeah. Yeah. But it just makes you uncomfortable. So he shot, Here it is. Yeah. I think he was seeing where this was going. Look how big he looks, man.


You realize like, damn, he's a big 55 or, and he caught him with that inside low kick. I mean, it might have been just instinct or where Bobby just felt like he had to catch, excuse me, king felt like he had to catch that kick 'cause it was available. But it as a trap. The crowd in Manchester, when Petty walks out, it's like nuts. Yeah. He's a star. Yeah. Over there. It's, it's crazy. When I was sitting in the back, We were sitting in the back warming up and then we just hear the people going nuts. And my family's like texting me like, man, I wish We were fighting so I could just enjoy this right now. Watch the Patty walk out. He's a za. He's just fun. He looks like he's having a good old time when he is out there and he can back it up. So that fight was big for him because that fight moves him into elite status.


Right. He goes from Jared Gordon and now You know a couple other fights now. Bam. Bobby Green, bam, someone's gonna be a big name. Yeah. Someone next gonna be a big game. So he's thinking right now about Islam. He's thinking about those guys at the top of the heat. He's at the point where I think one more, especially 'cause of his name, if he gets like a, A Hooker or a Chandler. Right. And he gets past one of them guys. I see them giving a entire shot. Don't you think considering the amount of growth that we've already seen from him though, like if you were in his corner, wouldn't you say couple more. Be good, couple more, couple more. Don't rush. I would, but like for money wise. Right. and I think he's about the big name. Especially if the UFC when you're thinking of lightweight Alora just lost Gacy.


Just lost Hooker. Already lost to, to Islam. If Islam gets passed, Armon, I mean if there, if McGregor comes back and he beats Chandler, he's there. But like there's not a lot of names right now for Islam because Gam was who was supposed to be the, the backup and he just lost the hooker. Yeah. But Islam walked through Hooker. So you're like, who is Islam gonna fight after Armad? Right, Right. It's a good question. Good question. You know. 'cause Gam rot was an interesting one. We were We were looking forward to that. Versus Islam. Like that could be interesting 'cause he's such a good grappler. But when You know, people forget about Dan Hooker. They forgot about him too. He's the dog. Yeah, he's a dog. Dan Hooker went blow for blow with Dustin Poer. That was as close a fight as you're gonna get.


And again, another change of the career. Right. Dustin moves on from that, gets the corner fights Dustin. Dustin comes the man about that. Yeah. People forget about that fight. That was a fucking very close fight. A very good fight. And There was some moments where Dan Hooker was tuning. Dustin Poer up. There's a, a video compilation online of of Hooker having Poer against the roast. He goes, rap, rap, rap, rap, rap, rap. He's ripping shots before the end of the round. He's a bad motherfucker. Isn't isn't I guy Fought with a broken arm yet he he got his arm broken, didn't say shit. He jelly Turner. Yeah. Didn't say a goddamn word about it. Wins the fight. And they're like, what happened to your, it's just a scratch. He's, and he, even in this fight, his face was like bleeding in between rounds and he's like, I love this stuff.


Well He also loves like You know he had that devastating knockout loss to Chandler. Right. Chandler comes out, catches him with that leaping hook and drops him and just puts it on him and like, fuck, you know, this is a big high profile fight and he got caught. Yeah. you know, and anybody can get caught. That's what's crazy about the sport. That's why it's so exciting. Anybody can get caught. But it's like, how, how can you bounce back? How do you bounce? Can you bounce back and be the same guy after you got caught? Yeah. And that's the hardest part too. 'cause you get caught and you don't really feel anything afterward. It's not like you went through a war injury, so you wanna hop right back into it. You're like, let me get that up. Taste it outta my mouth. Let me fight again. But you need like the coaches around you that tell You like, you still got a concussion.


Chill out, don't fight. Yeah. Take a couple months off. Yeah. Gates's taking a year off. Yeah. And it's like, you need those guys to hold you back because I've been knocked out before and it's like you, I'm all right. I feel good. My body feels good. Like my, I don't have no scratches or anything. I didn't go through a 15 minute war. So I'm like, lemme get another fight. Lemme get another fight. Right. But Right. You're, you don't know what's going on in your brain. Yeah. You don't know what your brain's dealing with. Exactly. And that's going to be to your future right there. Yep. Exactly. And so many fighters are, they're so tough. They feel fine. Their mind is, you know, their determination is strong. Like, I wanna get back in there. Like, that was the case with Jamal Hill. He was gonna get right back in after the Pahata fight and he was gonna fight Roundtree, which is woo, that's a bad fight if you just got knocked out just a few months ago.


That's a scary dude. Yeah. And even be like taking Nip ahead of fight. Yeah. He had a, he had a torn Achilles and I think he just got cleared to come back from that Achilles. And it's like, right now you gotta fight Alex in six weeks. Yeah. And I'm like, bro, that's, that's a short camp. And you're, you're switching up right away. But he's like, it's 300. It's such a big opportunity. Like you can't say no to that. Yeah. And then yeah, you get knocked out by Paeda and you're like, all right, I wanna get right back in there. But you're right back in there. It's gonna be against a monster like Roundtree. I Know, I know. It's not a easy fight. It was funny 'cause he was on your show and I'm like listening to him and he's like, I maybe do a Juujitsu tournament and then I'm like, a week later he gets a title fight. Yeah, I know. I'm telling you're Telling him whole time. No, no, No fucking way.


Don't do that. Well you do all that shit when it's over. 'cause I was, and I, remember Cub Swanson did a jujitsu tournament? Oh. yeah. To his ACL. Yeah. Once You know, once you tear some shit doing something stupid and you miss a title shot, you're never gonna forgive yourself. Yeah. Especially Khalil's, like 35 You know he's, he's up in that age range too, where it's like now's the time man. Yeah. So it was perfect timing and a lot of people were like, uncle I, you shouldn have got the title shot. But the problem is they'd already set up that fight with rack, which doesn't really totally make sense. Right? Yeah. Right. if you think, has Rackage fought since Yuri beat him up? No. Okay. So that kind of doesn't make sense. A. little bit. Yeah. It make more sense if Jamal fought Rackage.


Right. Jamal. But Jamal wants something a little more high profile. I understand that. But Uncle Iev man, no, no one's beating him. Uncle Iev had that one draw with y be Hovi and no one's beating him. Yeah. And There was another guy. Everybody forgets about Y be Hovi. What the fuck? That guy almost beat Pajata. He was Right there. That was such a close fight. Super close. Yeah. Down to the wire. Everybody's like, yeah, we already saw that. Like, what, what you gotta give on his deal? He was a light heavyweight champion of the fucking world and a destroyer. Yeah. But for whatever reason, I think they look at that number, they say, oh, he is 40 years old. Yeah, He's 41 years old.


Whatever he is now. So what? So what? He still fucked up Dominic Res. He still fucks up everybody. Yo Bejo, which is a murderer. Yeah. He's, he's a scary dude, man. That's a good fight, Man. He's Polish bro. They don't age. They don't, he's, he's a killer. That dude's made outta rocks. I remember when Uncle Iev and him were going leg kick to leg kick. You know. He was, he was kicking his shins. Yeah. And fucking uncle live's legs out. I'm Like, this guy is nuts. And I'm like, so I went to my coach and I'm like, what kind low kick was he doing? He's like, bro, I think he was just going shin to shin. He was, it's like, I'm not gonna teach that. That's, he was just Saying you feel Polish bone density slamming, slamming those fucking shins into the shins. But if I'm beheaded, like I'm gonna pick all the strikers like him and Tre's gonna be a crazy one.


So it's only loss Against Paul Craig, his first Fight in the U Ffc. Oh. yeah. Uncle Clive got caught in a triangle. That's right. Last second of, yeah, last. Last second of oh my God. Where he was. Oh, Paul Craig has the nastiest triangle in the division for sure. One of the nastiest triangles in the sport. Look at this. Look how quick he snatches that shit up. Boom snap. And too late. So Here, we go, I think There was like five seconds to go when he locks this up and he tapped it. Ugh. Unbelievable man. N That's, that is Wild. But so Uncle Ives had this long ass wind streak. He looked real good in his last fight. And then they give him a guy who, so he beat Johnny Walker twice. One of 'em was Johnny Walker. It was like a There was An injury. Right. Oh, the desert.


What happened? Remember he was in Abu Dhabi and he got a need while he was down. And then the doctor came in and he said, where are you? And he said, desert. And the doctor stopped it. Oh, that's right. And he got mad like why are you stopping it? Yeah, that's right. That's right. But so he has the draw with yo be Hovi. He, he Kos Anthony Smith beats Tiago, Sanz beats Ulca and Beats all these guys. I mean, he's beating a lot of guys. He, I mean, and he's got a really good skillset where you think about with a guy like Der. 'cause he can wrestle, he can strike and he can wrestle. And he has a knockout, a huge knockout against Johnny Walker last. So that's, yeah. So I guess for him, he fights Rocket.


I favor him in that fight. But Rocket is fucking dangerous as shit, man. You know Rocket has had a long time off of the Prohaska fight. And Rocket looked real good in that fight. He was eating Yuri up. Yeah. Before. But Yuri was just walking through everything. Erie's like the new age 20 Ferguson where you hit me, I'm gonna hit you with five other punches. Yeah. And it's gonna make you tired of just hitting me and I'm gonna catch you. It Just doesn't work with Peloton. Yeah. You can't, you can't be getting hit by that guy. Like, I wanna feel his low kick just because I'm like, bro, what does he do? Like he just touches it feel like he just like touches you with his foot. Yeah. and I just like, you can't walk afterward. He, he's Targeting it too. He doesn't ever go shin to Shin. And even when he checks, he doesn't go shin to Shin. He lifts his leg up.


Like he's playing hacky sack. Yeah. He just lifts his leg up. He just goes ankle. He just lifts his ankle. So his foot comes all the way up to his other knee and then he drops it back down and then he comes in with a right hand. Like he's got it down where if you try to ankle kick him, he's got so many count counters for that calf kick. And he feel like he's like on every pay-per-view now. Yeah. Man. They just, Hey, we need somebody to put the bat symbol out there. And he's like, all right, I'm ready. He's He'll fight anybody. Yeah. Yeah. He's fighting in Salt Lake City against Roundtree and that. That's a wild ass fight, man. That's a wild fight. A lot of people say, oh, Roundtree doesn't deserve it. Let me tell you something. Roundtree fights like you just killed his family and lit his house on fire. That dude's coming for you.


Yeah, he's coming for everybody. And Stylistically it's just, He's not not gonna shoot a tank down. Yeah. There'll be no tank downs. He's fucking dangerous man. But if you You know, you think about the, the Lin, like PDA's striking, like his overall accomplishments are second to none in an MMA two division. Glory world champion. I mean, and the thing about him is that that fucking power is just freakish. And he just like touches it though. It feels like, bro, what is that? You See him hit the power cube and he got 1 91 on the power cube with a right hand. And that's not even his left hook. Like hit it. He probably doesn't want anybody to know. Yeah. Like hit it with the left hook.


That's, that's the sleeper. That left hook is the sleeper. It'd Be like 5,000. You're like, Bro, it's crazy. He just touches people And it's when you, when you're starting to see his personality Come on now more. Yeah. It's so fun. Glover's like the nicest guy in the world. And at first Alex was like so quiet and now you're starting to see Clover pull it out of him. Even when he wins, he is never like Yeah. It's always like, yep. Another day. Yep. Another day. Yeah, another day. Another dude I put to sleep, like even after he beat Izzy, he just walked away from him. The referee stopped the fight and he just walked away. But there's something exciting about that too. Like that guy's one of the biggest pay-per-view stars in the country, in the world. And most people don't even understand what he's saying.


And he is a star. Right. He's a huge star. All he has to do is make facial expressions. Yeah. But it's also, it's scary. Yeah. When he comes out with the bow and arrow, boom, boom, boom, boom. Ah, fucking You. like if you sitting there watching that guy walk to the cage, You like, oh shit. I'd be like thinking to myself, I gotta come up with some sort of stick like that. Like I gotta figure out something. But I'm like, I can't think of anything. Nah. It would just like look fake. Beat Yourself. Yeah. You gotta be yourself. Yeah. It's either that's either you or that's not you. But That's the coolest thing in the world when I see, whenever I'm in his, one of his fights to see that walk Out. Yeah. That face dude. And the music that is the most terrifying face.


Him walking towards the cage and you're standing there, you've been prepping for this dude for 12 weeks and you're like, oh Jesus, here it comes Shooting Before his UFC Debut wasn't that long ago, by the way. November Of 20. Damn Bro. I hate seeing that one. Just because Jamal's my boy and I'm like, I like, obviously I'm a fan of P but man, to see him just like catch my boy, like, ah, come on Jamal. Give, get one back just to get that taste out of our mouth. Well There Was a weird moment in that fight and we've talked about it before where Jamal accidentally low kicked him and the referee moves into stop and Jamal stands up straight and relaxes like you.


Okay. And when Peloton puts his hand on Herb Dean, he advances, he makes like a little hop step. Yeah. And then he goes right back to fighting and then he catches him with the left hook. So he'd close some distance And it's a game of inches Oh. yeah. Especially with that guy. Yeah. Yeah. Especially that guy. He does everything for a reason. And then when you see somebody break it down like that, like you said, everything changes. Imagine if he didn't. Yep. Imagine the ref said All right, both you get you back up. You back up. Yep, Yep. Everything changes. Yeah. Yeah. Everything changes. But that's moments and fights. You know. And maybe that will define Jamal's career. Maybe Jamal will learn from that and never be, never take his eye off the prize again. Yeah. Never relax and I guarantee you he won't relax now. Yeah. He protects yourself at all times.


and I guess You know. I see it from PDA's point of view too. The referee said, okay, keep going. And he caught him, but he did close that distance because of that low kick. So it is. And to open up a lot of fighter's eyes too, right? Because you're starting to see these little things. Yep. Except for me now I'm like, no, the rep tells me something. Yeah. I'm either taking one step back myself or I'm gonna take that step forward and catch that right ahead of distance myself. You just Can't relax ever. Yeah. You can never relax. 'cause it's such a game of impossible things happening at any moment. 'cause so many guys have pulled out impossible things. Head kicks, spinning elbows outta nowhere. You know things happen. And if you've relaxed even for a second Yeah.


The Korean zombie. Yay. Oh my god. Upper cut elbow You like, oh my God. What? What was this Running away upper cut elbow With like two seconds left. Yeah. Crazy. And You're like, how, how did this this happen right now When Y Yahir landed that jumping roundhouse kick on Andre feely? Oh woo. The scissor kick. Wow. My god. His Kicks are so nasty. Yeah, There's, it's so interesting to see all these different ways to get elite. There's so many different ways. You know, some guys are specialists like Peda and some guys just dominate all aspects like Islam. you know, there's like all these different ways that guys achieve to becoming the best. Yeah. That's my mindset. I like, I always tell myself I'm behind because like, I started late so I'm like, I didn't do martial arts since I was a kid.


So like I always gotta tell myself all, we gotta do everything. There's not like one thing that I'm like amazing at. Right. But people see the fight and they'll be like, oh, all you are is a wrestler or all you are is this and that. and I'm just like, bro, I do everything and I train everything more than everybody else. and I, I like, I don't take any days off. How old Were you when you first started Training? I was 23. Wow. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah. That's way behind the curve. Way behind. Way behind. Yeah. and I didn't do No, I did like two years of high school wrestling. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. It's at least you had that. Yeah. That's definitely something. Oh No, it was I mean for me. It changed my life in high school. Because you're in your high school, your body's developing. Yeah. You know your body's developing where you learn how to take people down. Like yeah, that helps for sure.


But if nothing by 23 is crazy. Yeah. I mean, yeah. I always played sports in general. I love basketball striking At all. Nothing. No. I mean I would always get in like in street fights and like Chicago, just 'cause I'm a trash talker when I play basketball. So like we would always sit there and go to the park and then people would see like, who are these Arabs coming to play basketball? And then we'll be winning and I'm talking trash. And then it'd be like they wanna start a fight afterward. So it was always the best. But what Made you start training? My, my high school wrestling coach, Louis Taylor. He was like the PFL middleweight champion. He was in my high school wrestling coach for two years. And then he like left. And so I'm like, whatever happened to him, he was like, that cool coach, that young coach. And he was like gone. So I stopped wrestling and then I was at school for just, I was trying to be like a lawyer.


and I ended up seeing him in a newspaper. He was fighting in Strikeforce. So then I just like messaged him on Facebook and I was like, bro, you're a fighter. And he's like, yeah. I was like, whatever happened to you? He's like, oh, I was still young, I still had something left in me. So I wanted to start training. Wow. And he used to be like Rampage's roommate in college. So he had already had like that mindset of like, oh these guys are fighting. I could fight too. Right, right. So then he, his gym ended up being probably like 10 minutes away from my mom's house. So when I come home from school on the weekends, I would just start training with him and then It would just like a snowball effect. I started like falling in love with it. And after my first amateur fight, I was, after like two months, I was like, could it be, could I get a fight? And he's like, were You Like two months. Yeah. Because I was just like excited about the whole thing.


And for us two, it was like We were only training partners. So I'm training with him and like I'm learning the hard way. Like we're just going straight sparring or straight wrestling. And he was like a division one wrestler. He had crazy power, crazy jiujitsu. So like I'm getting good just because he's beating me up the whole time. So then I was like, oh I can fight amateur. And he's like, yeah, let's go get you one. Wow. Yeah. So then I got it. It was like the biggest street fight in the world. The amateur fight. There was like nothing good about it, my technique or anything. But it's funny 'cause Mark Coleman was the commentator for it. Oh Wow. Yeah. That's crazy. It was like the whole scenario. It was crazy and it was like at a bar and it was just like cool. So then after that I was like bro, alright. I transferred to like a closer school near the gym.


I started training more with him. And then You know my parents are telling me like stay in school. Stay in school. So then once I started just like getting more wins, more wins and I decided to go pro I said, I'll go back to school after I lose. And then we just kept going until we got to the UFC. Wow. Yeah, it was wild. He's still with me now to this day, but even with him, he was 41 years old and they never gave him a UFC shot, but he ended up gonna PFL and he was like a 1200 underdog and he won the million dollars in 30 seconds with a knockout. Wow. Yeah. He was fighting Abo Mega Meadow. The one that's in the UFC now. They were in the finals the first he beat Abo. He beat ABO 32nd knockout. Wow. Yeah. ABO is good. Yeah. And he was 41 years old, never got his shot.


Wow. And it's crazy how his career ended. Like that middleweight champion retired on top now million dollars. And there's a lot of guys that go to UFC that don't hit a million dollars. That's true. So he's like, my path was that way. So even with me when I was doing all this waiting for this title fight, he's like, patience, it's gonna come. Like you saw what I had to go through. Your title fight's gonna come, it's gonna come at the right moment. So just enjoy the journey. Can you find that fight? See if you can find that fight. Jamie Lewis Taylor And Abo. Malcolm Madoff. Abbo had a great first round with Sean Strickland a great first round. But that was like, Sean Strickland is just a zombie. He just marches towards you and you can't hit him. He's hard to hit. Yeah. But he was fucking his legs up.


I was hoping a boost would knock him out. I was like, come on abo, please Bro. He was putting it on him in that first round. But he started getting tired. Yeah. By the end of the first round he was tired. He Threw everything at him. Yeah. Everything was full clip too. Full speed, full clip. And I was just like, 'cause even the pfl, the way he was killing everybody, he was like, So he was 41 in this fight. Yeah. That's so crazy. So this is the PFL championships in 2018. Yeah. And it's crazy 'cause they got rid of the middleweight division after this. Mm. So now they don't have middleweight there anymore. How is That possible? It's because they wanted to put the women's division, the 50 fivers. Oh. Oh. So they got rid of the middleweight guys. Can I talk to somebody over there? Alex Abo. See there's a low kick. His low kicks are nasty. He just, for whatever reason, ABO has a hard time sustaining it.


I mean, I think he's getting better in the UFC and I. Think the Sean Strickland fight was just too quick. Oh, left hook. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Back that up again. Look at this. They goes shin, shin, boom. Oh my God. The distance he covered with that left hook. And it's like a booster. Even blocking it too. Like he just has crazy power. Is, there's another thing about guys who are really good at shooting that same ability to cover distance when you, you make a double leg. Yeah. Is the same kind of drive that you need to move forward to punch. That's one of the reasons why random men was so dangerous.


Yeah. you know? 'cause random men had that crazy shot so he could explode forward and punch you from a distance. You really can't punch him. That's incredible. Look how much distance he covers. Jamie just broke it down. Look at this. Yeah, He hopped in there. Now Go. Go back A little bit further please. Just A little bit further before he throws the punch. He's way back there. Dude. Watch this. Look how far away he is. Oh my goodness. Abo made a mistake that he tried to counter, he was thinking about countering before the punch got to him and he just wasn't quick enough. That's incredible. Good for him, man. Yeah. Good for him. And that guy's legit man. To knock out a guy like that, ABO is legit. Yeah. People, when people go back and look at his record, he had like ten first round finishes Wow.


On his come up. But like the UFC just said he was too old. They never gave him a shot. Oh, that's crazy. Yeah. and I was like, bro, if people just saw him. And even when he, when he started his career, like I said, I was like one of his main training partners from the beginning, if he was at like a American top team or like a real gym because he had kids early so he didn't wanna like leave them. So he always trained in Chicago and he's like, I'm gonna build up my own guys. Wow. So we had like a small gym, like three or four guys that he just used as the main training partners and Champion. There's so many dudes that can compete at a world class level deep into their forties. and I always point to Bernard Hopkins. Everybody wrote Bernard Hopkins off before he fought Kelly Pavlik. And he beat the shit outta Kelly Pavlik. And he just boxed him.


He just did everything perfect. It was a masterclass in boxing, a masterclass in world championship caliber boxing against a guy in Kelly Pavlik, which was fucking dangerous man. Wicked puncher. Tough as shit. That Jermaine Taylor fight was crazy. Yeah. He was out in that fight and came back to stop Taylor just a warrior. A real dog. So Bernard was like, how old was Bernard when he fought Kelly Pavlik? When he fought Felix Trinidad? Everybody wrote him off. He was like 36 or something by the time he fought Trinidad Oh. yeah. Yeah. Man, everybody wrote him off. Wow. Bernard was wild too. He threw the Puerto Rican flag down on the ground in Puerto Rico and he had a run. People were chasing him.


He ran, he had a run. They would've killed it. Yeah. He had a run. They were trying to kill him. Yeah. You can't do that. Yeah. He told me the whole story was hilarious. Yeah, he's a, I mean, but how old was Bernard? 43 years old when he fought Kelly Pavr. Come on, son. 43 years old. That's so crazy. He beat Roy Jones Jr. When he was 45. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. What the, oh wow. That's wild. The Chad Dawson fight, bro. He was 46 years old and Chad Dawson was a killer. Chad Dawson was a vicious knockout artist. And he knocked him out in the second round and then he lo, look, look, he lost it again against him. The next fight. That's how good Chad was.


Chad was a fucking good fighter that he lost to Veev and he, he lost to Joe Smith Jr. Which was a bad one. Wow. But he was 51 years, 50 old. Old when he fought Joe Smith. And Joe Smith is another one who's a fucking killer man. He's a dangerous puncher. Joe Smith is a Mahler dangerous guy. And he's 51 years old. That's wild. Natural. 51 years old. What do you think of Tyson and Jake? I wish he didn't do it. I wish it wasn't a thing. I wish it wasn't a thing where a 58-year-old guy was gonna fight a 28-year-old that said that out the window. I fully support his desire to do it. What is he gonna live forever?


Yeah. He's not gonna live forever. Maybe he wants one more shot at it. Maybe his body can do one more fight. I don't know. He looks great on the mitts, but that doesn't mean that You know as much as I know. Yeah. I could live good on the bits. Yeah. I tell people that like, bro, MIT doesn't show anything. Yeah. Especially if you watching 32nd clips. What you wanna see is him sparring. You wanna see him hitting the bag for multiple rounds. You'd wanna see like, let's see, three rounds hard on the bag. I'm, I'm gonna see what you could do. I wanna see how your feet move. I wanna see, it looks like if you're off balance when you're throwing combinations, do do you look like Tyson? Yeah. Yeah. Remember there's some videos of Tyson hitting the bag when he was like 19 years old and it's like, it's crazy.


Yeah. You watch like the speed and the pa. See if you find that Mike Tyson hitting the heavy bag when he is young. Terrifying. Yeah. Terrifying. That to me, a bag is different than mitts. Mitts. Guys are meeting you halfway. you know, you've got a combination worked out. Okay. I want you to go left, right, left to the body. Right over hand. Pop, pop, pop, pop. Okay. Do it again. Pop, pop, pop, pop. It kind of can look real good. Yeah. But can you do that with a guy who's moving? Can you go, can you spar? Like if, would they bring in a world class heavyweight? Can you do that? Like what, how do you move? How? How are your knees? How's your back? Yeah. Like are you, can you sustain that? Can you sustain those kind of explosions?


Or is this just a gimmick? You know. I mean, I don't know. I know he used to be able to, but we won't really know. So here, here's him when he is young. Michael Tyson's Got that sound. Yeah. Kill the sound. You don't have to see the sound. Just look at this. And he's young here, man. Young. It's all sorts of breakdown. Long. So that's him hitting the bag Later in life. I would wanna see rounds. You know. I wanna see rounds. I wanna see what it looks like. When he is tired, how quick does he get tired? I wanna see him sparring. I wonder if he's gonna s spiral out. Look at that when he's young. Man, dude. Terrifying those combinations when he'd show that again, bro.


He was so fast. So fast. And always moving. Always moving. Bobbing and weaving. He was a, a target that you couldn't find just moving at you constantly advancing. And Just a mindset. Like just craziness, Madness. Just con just controlled madness in there. Yeah. With perfect technique and ferocious power and a awesome genetics You know they said that. Teddy Atlas told me that when he was 13 years old, he would bring him to smokers and they would go, how old's that kid? He was 13. He's 16. He's like, fine, he's 16. And he was one 90 at 13 years old. What? Yeah. One 90. Wow. One 90. That's wild. What? That's God. He got a gift.


He got a God kissed his physique. Imagine You gotta smoke your 13-year-old and you see that guy. What the fuck? Fuck. Oh, you gotta fight him. You're like, what? What The fuck? What are you talking about? That's a man. I'm gonna pull guard. I said box it. Fuck this. Yeah. And he scared a lot of guys before they even even threw their first punch. You would see the, the look like, I remember Bruce Selden, he missed a left hook of Bruce Seldon and Bruce Selden went down. He's like, fuck all this, fuck all this. Fuck all this. Yeah. What do you wanna mess? Yeah. But, but he's 58 You know I support him. I love that guy. I, I fully support, I'm a gigantic fan of his, me meeting him the first time I met him at the UFC was, there's some starstruck moments where you meet people You like, oh shit, that's sugar.


Ray Leonard You know. Oh shit. That's Mike Tyson and Mike. I was even one of the most starstruck moments I ever had. Really couldn't believe I was meeting Mike Tyson. It's wild. Yeah. When I did a podcast with him, I was like, I can't believe I'm talking to Mike Tyson. It just seemed he was such a huge part of Mike Childhood when I was a kid was when he was coming up. I have in my office framed the cover of Sports Illustrated when he was 19. Wow. Really? Yeah. It says Kid Dynamite. See if you can find that. Remember? and I had it from back then. Oh, no, no, no. Someone gave it to me recently. I, it might have been Sports Illustrated sent it to me. I don't know who sent it to me. Do we do You know who sent it? Somebody sent it to me. Thank you. Whoever did it. I, I forgot I sorry. But that's the cover that's framed in my office At 19 years old on the cover of his Sports.


I think that was 1985. Is that what year that was? Does it say what year that was? See if you can find right here. What does it say? 86. Okay. 86. So that was right before he won the title. He won the title when he was 20. So that was like just outta high school. And he was the guy, like heavyweight boxing had gotten boring. Nobody cared after Larry Holmes. It was like people were bored with heavyweight boxing. There was a bunch of champions and nobody heard of it was like they weren't really interested, no disrespect to any of those guys. But they didn't excite the public the way Muhammad Ali did. The way George Foreman did. It wasn't heavyweight boxing was kind of dead. And then all of a sudden this dude comes along You like, oh my God. Yeah. And he was doing everything he wanted a heavyweight to do.


Just starching people, just star sending him flying. He'd hit him with left hooks. He'd go flying You like, look at this guy. He's nine. He's gonna become the youngest heavyweight champion of all time. And then he fights Trevor Buric and knocks him out quick. How much were pay Perview back then? God, I don't remember. But I remember a lot of times people wouldn't wanna buy Mike Tyson pay-per-view. 'cause they knew the fights would be over so quick. It was nuts, man. So this is, is this a documentary? It says Kid Dynamite 1985. Oh, so this is him in 1985. Yes. Yeah. This is him. When people were just starting to hear about him and he came through the ranks quick.


He just was fucking everybody up. He was having a hard time getting fights and everybody thought, this is the guy, this is the next destroyer. I mean, he was just killing people man. Everybody he fought was getting fucked up. Oh My. Just the head movement on the inside is just wild. Everything and the power, it was just, that's what you wanted to see from a heavyweight. So that guy is still alive and he still remembers all these moments. It's not like he doesn't know how to put his knuckles on your face. The, the question is, how much does he have left in his body? 58 Today is not 58 when I was 21. It's a different 58.


Especially if they're not testing him. Okay. Yeah. If they're letting him take hormones and peptides and do all the things that I would recommend. 100%. I mean, I don't know how you could do it if you're 58 if you're not doing that. If, if he's, if they're allowing him to do all that stuff and get his body to the optimum level that's known to science, you're, you're dealing with a different kind of human being. You're dealing with one of the greatest fighters that's ever lived. It's just how much does he want to do it? Is he doing it for money? You know. How much does he have left in the tank? Those are all questions that'll make me buy the pay-per-view. It's not Netflix though, it's free. Yeah, that's right. It's free. Yeah. Yeah. I'm gonna watch it. Yeah. 100%. I'm gonna watch it.


I'm gonna feel bad if he gets knocked out. Oh. yeah. But You know his most Recent comments about the fight. Tyson addressed the media with his usual boldness during the press conference. The show's readiness for battle. He said, I'm just ready. I'm ready. I'm gonna talk my talk and do my shit. But I'm ready to fight. Is he really? A young killer Tyson said, discounting any questions on his readiness? Reacting to Paul's taunting Tyson's knee to postpone the fight because of an ulcer flare up earlier in the summer, former champion made a strong statement about his unmatched abilities. He said, I feel a lot better now. Who else can do it but me? Who else is going to fight to make this happen? You got a YouTuber fighting the greatest fighter that ever lived. Oh. yeah. I wanna hear him say that.


That sounds comes out of his voice would be like, We also have to remember about Mike Tyson is that Mike Tyson knows how to mentally prepare. He was trained by Sama who was a hypnotist. And Sama started hypnotizing him when he was 13 years old. Really? Yeah. That was part of the reason why he was so terrifying. His mindset was just unstoppable. He really thought that he could not be stopped. He thought he was gonna murder everybody. And cuss was his hero. Cuss raised him. Cuss took him in when he was 13 years old. He had this terrible childhood. No love, just in and out of trouble. Terrible bad situation. Horrible poverty and crime. And then all of a sudden needs to being taken care of by this dude who's a master boxer, master boxing coach.


Trained world champions like Jose Torres and Floyd Patterson. And now he's got this young pupil. This is his last hurrah and the greatest shot he's ever had at having, having a real all time. Great. I mean this guy's an all time great. And he's 13. Wow. Yeah. He's a 13-year-old, 190 pound kid. Like what in the fuck? And he's got this kid and he's hypnotizing them and he's telling them you're the greatest. And he's getting it into his head. So from the time he was really young, he was learning mental preparation. He was learning how to put himself into a mindset of just an unstoppable juggernaut that had one goal, one task. And cuss would tell him, you don't exist.


Only the task exists. Mm. Like you don't exist. What you have to do exists. That's what you are. Wow. That's, yeah. That's powerful. I'm gonna write that down. Yeah. So The question is, how much does that guy have left? You know, conventional wisdom would say this is a terrible fight. Conventional wisdom would say there's a 28-year-old with knockout power just knocked out Mike Perry. He's real fast. He's young. He's fucking athletic. He's bold as shit. He's a good boxer. He's a very good boxer. People don't want to give his credit because he is a YouTuber and all that shit. Anybody who knocks out Tyra Woodley with one punch can fucking crack. Yeah. Anybody that can move the way that dude moves and have a, a fight with Tommy Fury who's a world class boxer.


And he lost that fight. But it was a very good fight. He's a good fighter. A real good fighter. And he's actually training like he's getting better Oh. yeah. People are just like sleeping on him. Just 'cause like I said, Just just 'cause he Is a YouTuber. YouTuber. But I'm like, he just beat Mike Perry who Yeah. Was killing it. Yeah. And bare knuckle boxing. Yeah. He was like on top. But they don't wanna give credit. It would've been Interesting to see him fight Mike Perry. Bare knuckle though. Aw. I mean that's, that changes everything. That changes everything. Yeah. Mike Perry is the best at that shit. But that's a different, it's interesting how that's a different sport. Yeah. 'cause it really is a different sport. It's a whole different thing when your hands aren't covered and you feel those bones piercing your skin. It's a mindset too.


Yeah. It's like He's a 100% human pit bull. That's a 100% human pit bull. That guy has no quit in him. No quit. You know. He fucking throws caution to the wind. At every possible occasion you could hit him, he's gonna hit you back. He, he knows how to take punishment. He likes it. He likes getting hit. He broke rocko's teeth. Yeah. and I was just like broke Luke Rocko's teeth. He's way bigger too. Rocko. Yeah. Well imagine. Okay. How about him and MVP? Okay. Him and MVP. Yeah. With the gloves on and MMA fight. You favor MVP, right? 100%. Yeah. My favor, M-V-P-M-V-P is super hard to hit. He's got crazy distance management those kicks in that distance and the long length.


But he decided to take a challenge and fight Mike Perry bare knuckle. 'cause he thought, look, I can move better than anybody. I am. I'm the most elite mover in all of MMA and I'm gonna fight this flatfooted meathead psychopath. and that flat footed meathead psycho patch just walked him down And dropped him a couple times in there. Yeah. Yeah. Man. Crazy. Yeah, crazy. It changes everything. Changes Everything. And just the scarring on You, like your knuckles and your faces after that. Yeah. Yeah. Your face is getting sliced up open. But they're starting to pay these guys, when you see guys like Eddie Alvarez and Chad Men go over there, you're like, yeah, Amy McGregor like a, a owner part of it now too. Yeah. But McGregor's grimy though.


After Mike Perry lost it, he said, yeah, I've cut it darn out. Like bro who's just tweeted, I wonder if this guy tweeting for himself. He's Tweeting for fun. Apparently Mike Perry has a piece of bare knuckle too. Oh does he? Yeah. I think that's what he said. He's like, I'm one of the owners too. Motherfucker. He's the face of it. Yeah. Like there's not like I wouldn't even be watching it if my pair wasn't on there. I think regular boxing is just very different. It's very different what you can get away with. you know, the fact that you, you can't really clinch and punch the way those guys do. And bare knuckle boxing, those guys are getting grimy. There's a lot of dirty boxing in there. It's, it's just so different When those bare knuckles touch you, it's just so different. It's different. You can't guard as much you, your still stuff's getting through.


Yeah. You don't have them big cushions in front of you. Those big cushions mean a lot man. Yeah. They stop A lot of shit. It's wild. The difference is even when we're sparring with big gloves or sparring with smaller gloves that we have, it's like it changes everything. Changes everything. Yeah. And then, but with even no, no padding outta your knuckles, like you don't even wanna throw as hard. Right. Yeah. Right. And your wrist will break easily. So you have to punch a specific way. I think they, they both, they all have like a different format of You know the way they punch. They just hold their wrist in a, a different way like this or something like that. Yeah. Like you remember them old timey boxing guys? Yeah. They all were holding their fronts, their punches like this. Yeah. Those bare knuckle guys, they all fought like this. They jabbed each other like this.


They were just trying to only hit with these two knuckles. Yeah. When We were younger we would do that. Like we're gonna punch somebody in the, like the knee or something like that. We put that knuckle out there. Even like you're saying how stupid it was. But I mean you could use that bare knuckle. You could definitely use it in eyeball. Yeah. You know if you punch somebody like that on purpose or the eyeball. Like that's that's real. Yeah. I want Is there, has there been eye pokes in a lot of eye pokes in their fighting? That's A good question. Yeah. I don't remember any. Yeah. That's like, I haven't really even thought about that but yeah. I don't feel like there has, I think in MMA, a lot of 'em come from this. A lot of 'em come from that distance management. Yeah. You know and I think that, ooh. I think one point every time poke someone's eye one point and no one will ever do that again.


Everybody will keep their hands closed. Yeah. You, you poke someone with the fingers one time. One point. But shouldn be trained. Like even at our practice, if somebody's putting their fingers out, I tell 'em like, yo, close your fist. Yeah. That should be like a natural. It shouldn't be. Yeah. Even thought it shouldn't even be a habit. Well it's just such a natural instinct to try to push a guy away from you. Yeah. And if a guy's coming at you and you're trying to push him away, those fingers go right in there man. Yeah. You see the Wyman fight? Oh my god. Yeah. Oh My God. Oh my God. And Then that's one of those two where you're like, Same thing bro. Right. But then I'm like annoyed by Wideman 'cause I'm like, bro, you, you did poke him in the eye. But he's, he's saying like, oh he shouldn't have felt like that. I'm like bro, when you get poked in the eye that bad. Yeah. That was a referee's problem.


Yeah. The referee should stopped that should stopped that on that last eye poke for sure. But maybe he didn't see it. Maybe he wasn't in position to see it. Yeah. It's just, it's hard even, I mean I understand how hard it's for a ref even with stopping fights. Sure. You're looking at somebody who's this weekend Gerald Char where he was getting beat up and then all of a sudden he caught him with a submission. Yep. After that you're like some refs would've stopped the fight. Yep. In that round. Yep. So it's like the good refs that You know give you a longer leash and then the shorter refs. Yeah. That do Cruz you and do Cruz hates you for the rest of your life. 'cause you stop a fight too early. Who did Jared canner get stopped by? Who is his Jared? Not the last fight but the fight before that. There was a bad Stoppage. Mov mov nor Yes, That's right.


Not mov. And that Was another one of those situations. The same kind of situation where You like that's not a stoppage. He's standing up. He's up. Yeah. You know the last one. He got hurt harder by Bolio. Where he got dropped that that looked worse than the fight where he got stopped hundred Previously. And if you beat Im off. Yes. You end up you're entitled Contention again. 'cause he was on a streak. Yes. But now you're on a two fight losing streak. Yeah. And it's 40 'cause a ref stopped it. Yeah. Yeah. It's crazy how those little moments in a fight can change the entire career of a fighter. You never know. Like at any moment something screwy can happen. You know. So is this it?


Yeah. So here it is. Ivo is hitting him with some good shots for sure. Jared's definitely getting hit. But he's firing back and the referee stops it and he's like, what the fuck are you doing? And Her dog is a good ref. He's a very good ref. And he faced some serious criticism after that fight. and I think You know he made a mistake. Yeah. And he You know he was probably trying to save Jared from further punishment. He thought it was over. But Jared was like, I got a lot left. I was not as badly hurt as he thought. You know when the thing is, the problem is when a guy is teeing off on you, even if you're not getting hurt, it looks bad. Even if you're moving away and covering up and you're you're getting outta the range. You're stumbling around you.


Yeah. It looks bad. But you could still come back and you gotta give the guy the opportunity to still come back. You gotta know you don't let him take shots when he is out. But you gotta give him the opportunity to be able to come back. And when a guy's standing and still throwing back, you gotta give him a chance. 'cause fights are fights. Things change. Yeah. Guys, he might've got burned out from that 'cause he emptied the gas tank. We've seen that happen many times. Yeah. And there's some fighters that just like look bad and they make it look just 'cause they're, they're the body movement's weird. Right. You look, I mean Driss always looks like he's dead tired and and dead in there and all of a sudden he comes back and wins a fight. But there's just guys that just don't have that that good look all the time. Everyone taking punches. Everybody's baffled by Trickers.


Oh My God. re like, What is going on? How's he beating everybody? Like what is going on? Like It's wild. He's a bulldog. That dude, I I was stunned. I was stunned by the Sya fight. I was stunned Me because Ani was looking good. He was looking good. Yeah. But D DRAs was looking good too. You know and D DRAs was laying a lot of leg kicks. He's got that real sneaky left high kick too that that left high kick comes outta nowhere. It's just a awkward, he was just awkward. Awkward so awkwardly. Awkward. Awkward and but game. Yeah. So Game. He has so much heart. Like even when he started taking those bad shots, when he was shooting, he was on his knees and I was like, oh he's about to break. Yep. And then all of a sudden you see him still have a lot left in the tank. Oh He's a tank. Yeah, he is a tank.


He, he, he marches forward man. And the way he capitalized, he hurt Izzy with a couple good punches. One good left hook, he hurt Izzy and Izzy moved away and then they got into another exchange. He hit him with those two right hands from the clinch and then got his back. And once he got his back it was like that. Yeah. It was quick. He went right to the choke. Right To the choke and cinched it up. I mean between the time when he hit Izzy to the time where Izzy was tapping was just a few seconds. Yeah. For me I thought Izzy like looked like he had a lot tired faster than he normally does and I was like, he looked like he put a lot more muscle on. Yeah. So that Could have been a, a key in it where it's his body wasn't used to moving like that maybe with the extra muscle. But I was like bro he's moving a lot slower than usual on the third round.


I always wonder and I I was wanted to talk to him about this is if he was ever considered doing like one of those marinovich type camps. So Marinovich, they had this philosophy that the most important thing was your gas tank. And you already know how to fight. You already know how to fight. All you are getting better has already been done. And in the six weeks or eight weeks, whatever your camp is, you should be only concentrating on cardio. And they would do these explosive plyometric things And BJ hated it. He hated it. But if you look at his gas tank from those fights, it was unstoppable. And when a, a fighter's not tired and the other fighter is tired and you realize all that work is paid off and you start putting it on him and you got this unlimited gas tank and you also haven't been beat up in training for six to eight weeks.


'cause you're really not sparring, you're really not doing much of anything other than your cardio. They're just doing plyometrics. It's all just jumping around and shit. It's all, have you ever seen Marv Marinovich? See if you can find Marv Marinovich trains, BJ Penn, they had BJ doing all kinds of shit. That's all they would do. That's all they would do, man. Wow. That's all they would do. Yeah. Nick Rson came on the podcast and he was a protege of those guys. And that's his philosophy as well. He was telling me that it's really at an elite fighter that's fighting a world championship fight. They already know how to fight. You just gotta give them the unstoppable gas tank. And if you concentrate only on that, it's the most important thing. 'cause when a fighter gets tired. Like when Izzy got tired in that fourth round with Trickers, you could see he's, he's not the same Izzy in the first round.


That's like lightning fast and moving and countering and controlling distance and getting outta the range of shots. This is a Izzy that's experiencing fatigue. Yeah. But he already knows how to fight. Like the fighting is in his DNA at this point. He knows how to fuck people up. Yeah. And if he had like, here's, here's BJ training with the Marinovich. So it's all these plyometrics, even with the arms, it's all this explosive shit. Everything is done for time and distance and they, they measure everything and he just breaks guys down physically to the point where when they get into that octagon, they just have the craziest fucking gas tank. Yeah. Of all time. It's an interesting philosophy.


Yeah. My mindset, this going Around Eagle Eye, Alex PO spots Israel outta Sonya injury draws partial confession from style bender. He said, this guy knows me. I said Izzy was injured. Yeah. He said he was noticing that he wasn't throwing kicks like he might've been injured. And then Izzy was like, it's almost like this guy knows me or something. Mm. So he is sort of admitting to being injured, but not Well, they clashed in a bunch of times. I mean, it could have happened in the fight, but the problem is he was still tired. Yeah, he's still tired. I mean, I'm sure he was injured. Yeah. and I mean it's a crazy fight. You get Injured in general camps, you get so injured in camps. Yeah. Like the hardest thing, like even when, if a fight's quick, people don't realize that I just had an eight week camp of nonstop training. You get more injuries in training camps than you do in the fight.


What's The worst injury you ever went into a fight with? It's funny, I was, I was in Australia and I was fighting Tim Beans and then me and my coach were in the back warming up and then we ended up going like knee to knee in the back during the warmup. And like I, I could have put my knee down to the ground after that and it was like before the fight. So I was like, what the heck? I thought we just classed knees, so it was like sore. So like, even in the fight, it just felt weird. So then after the fight we went and I still could have put my knee down to the floor for like two or three weeks and then I ended up tearing my, it was a tore meniscus. Oh wow. Yeah. But like right Before The fight, right before the fight, we just like clash knee, a knee. Oh. And it's like you said, it's so much random stuff that could happen to you.


Yeah, because I like to spar in the back before my fights. Really? I like to like, I like to feel it. So I'll have them put the shin guards on a headgear and I'm throwing a lot harder than them, but I wanna feel that so I can feel the distance. Right. So I wanna go out to the fight like it's my third or fourth round. Right. Because I usually, I usually start slow when I'm at practice, but in the fight I want it to be going right away. and I have like cardio for it. So like I wanna feel like it's the third round already when I go out there. Well, They always say that you should do that anyway. Like really elevate your heart rate and then cool down and then compete. Yeah. Some guys like to hit mitts, but for me, I like to spar. So I had my training partner come down there with me and then you gotta have a controlled guy. It's not gonna hurt you. But yeah, we just go in the back, we throw.


Yeah. Wow. Yeah, we're throwing. So he'll have big gloves on and like I get to the point where like, I hit me 'cause I wanna feel it. Right. I get into this fight with Leon, he threw like 50 kicks, kicks at me hard at the back. Wow. So I wanted to go out there like, all right, my arms feel it, my legs feel it. Right. And my body's ready, gonna adjust to it. Yeah. That's So risky. It's, it's risky, but I'm like, I'm not go fight anyway. Right, Right, right. And once you get that adrenaline Yeah. Like you don't really feel nothing. And I'll feel it afterward, but like the biggest risk is just the headbutt or like catching a your blood or something like that. Right. So that's why I make him wear a headgear. Right. And You know, like I said, you have to have the perfect training partner for it. Right. Where he's gonna throw the right stuff at you.


He's there for You. Yeah. Yeah. He's not gonna, he's not really Sparring. He's there for you. Yeah. To, If I tell you, all right, hit me right here. Hard he'll hit me here. Hard. But it's not like we're not gonna just sit there and bang in the back. Right, right. Wow. Who, who else does it that way? I don't know. We like, for us, we caught ourselves doing it. Like I feel like I'm one of the first guys to start doing it that I know. And then I'll start telling my other teammates when I go corner them. Like, let's do the same thing and they'll like it too. But yeah, there's not a lot of guys that just, I know a lot of guys that just like hitting mitts and then you go out there and then you start a lot slower. But for me, I'm like, bro, we're gonna fight. Like I don't need to hit MITs right now. I'd rather feel you throwing punches at me so I catch distance. Yeah.


So I look at the punches coming at me and then I know where I'm backing up, where I'm not backing up. You're already loose For real loose. Yeah. 'cause even when I spar, I'm s sparring like five or six rounds regardless. So I know I could go five rounds easy in the cage, especially with that extra adrenaline. Right. So like if I do those extra two rounds in the back, it's not gonna affect me. And you're going into the fight completely warmed up. Yeah. Psychologically too. Yeah. Like you're much closer psychologically to a fight than just hitting mitts and then all of a sudden someone's throwing back. Yeah. The mindset is the hardest thing. Right. To get locked in. Because when I first started fighting, I was like, I'm another guy. I don't like to curse. But then I was like, I was telling myself I gotta listen to rap music and I gotta curse as I'm in the back and I'm like trying to hit myself to hype myself up.


But because I feel like I'm too calm. But my coach is like, bro, that's, that's a good thing. Like you being calm is good for you. You don't have to sit there and be something you're not. So then I was like, all right, well let's stay calm, but then let's start adding and sparring. So now I feel that, so I'll just get it to That. So it was your idea? Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Yeah, because you try different things at practices and I'd be like, all right, when did I feel good at sparring? I take notes of everything. I felt good on this sparring day and I did this type of drilling beforehand or I did this type of warmup beforehand. 'cause my coach, he's like, he tries to mimic the fight with everything. So he'll tell us, all right, warm up on your own. Do your own thing, then we're gonna get your five sparring rounds in the cage. So for me, I'm trying to adjust to make my style.


All right, this helped me better today. What did I eat today? Lemme write that down. This is when I felt the best. I had the most energy doing this. I had the most energy eating this. So like now I got it down to like a system that I like more than anything. What is the food you take before you train? Before I train? Yeah. What's the stuff that makes you feel the best? Like White rice. He usually, my guy will make me like Right. Rice, eggs and like Turkey bacon. So it's protein with good carbs. So it like not heavy, Just So not heavy. Yeah. Some easy something's gonna digest, fight fast. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Like I said before, I would just think I have to starve myself. And then he came in and he was like, bro, like what are you doing? Like you, you're not gonna have good practices with this way. But my mindset, I don't really care. 'cause I was just like, I know how to push myself no matter what.


Yeah. Well having, you've gone through camps with Ramadan and that's where it gets, and you, we should tell people there's ways to kind of make that a little easier on yourself. Yeah. Where you sleep during the day and then you get up and then at nighttime once you can eat and drink, then you do that. But you don't do that. Yeah. I've had, I had multiple times, multiple camps during it where I would still stick to my normal schedule of training where I'll train at 10:30 AM and I can't eat or drink in the morning. So I wake up at 5:00 AM for morning prayer. You get your, your last sip of water before the sun rises. And then I'll have like a, a protein shake dates or something like that that'll gimme some energy for the morning.


And then at 10:00 AM I have my morning practice and then I'll have another practice. And You can't drink water in between rounds? No. Nothing. No. After the first. So you're training with no water? No Water or food. Yeah. Yeah. So after like the first three or four days, your body just adjusts it. It feels good honestly. 'cause it makes you feel like mentally you're in a different place. Like spiritually you're in a different place in general. 'cause Ramadan, and that's where like for any Muslim, that's like the best time because you're not stressing out about other things. And You know that you're doing it for God. And You know God's gonna give you the strength to push through no matter what. So for myself, for the reasons I'm doing it, I know I can push through and I know that whoever I'm training for is not doing what I'm doing.


So I can push myself harder than them when it gets into the cage, when I can drink when I can't eat. So I think mentally it just puts me in a different place. But for fight camps, like after it's time to break my fast when it's sun and sunsets, that's when I have to be the smartest. That's where I gotta put carbs in, a lot of protein in. And then I gotta make sure that I'm getting my electrolytes, my salts, and just getting all those fluids back in. Like I just finished cutting weight. Right, right, right, right. 'cause if I don't do it the right way, then the next morning I'm gonna be screwed. Right. Because I'll feel super drained. That's interesting. So you gotta treat it like you're cutting weight almost. Yeah. So like every night I'm treating it like a weight cut. I have my shakes had my protein that I'm getting in the right way. and I, I try to hit a certain, at least a gallon and a half of water before bedtime.


Mm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So that it carries you on at least A little bit in the morning. Yeah. And then like I said, after first, your body honestly just figures it out. Like, But you, you wouldn't wanna defend the title that way. No. No. Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. Yeah. Well like I've, I've, before I was trying to chase everything right. I was trying to chase that the next ranked guy, I was trying to chase this and I felt like I couldn't say no to anything. Right. Because I was always looking for these guys to say yes and I can't waste an opportunity. But now I am the opportunity. Now I am the champion. So now I feel like it gives me more leeway to be like, no, I want, I wanna wait A little bit longer. This one feels, feels better for me. My body's healthy now.


Yes. Because it took me so long to get here. So now I don't have to go through a camper and Ramadan for it. Well Now it's about your legacy. Yeah. As a champion. Yeah. Yeah. And you and ex Exactly. All the things We were talking about before. The little thing can change your life. Little loss here, little loss there. Fuck all those. Taking those fights on 10 days notice. Yeah. The UFC calls you 10 days before an event. Just change your number. Change your fucking number man. Don't let 'em talk you into it. Ah. You can beat em. Like I know you work out all the time and you start thinking, yeah, I do work out all the time. And they're like, we're gonna offer you X amount of money. You. like, oh shit, that's A lot of money. That is. And you start spending that money. That's the hard part right now. Yeah. Is because like, like you said, I, for me, I, I hate saying no in general just because I had the fighter mentality.


Like I ain't scared I'll say yes to, to anything like the Gilbert Burns fight. It was three weeks notice. It was during Ramadan and I. They were like, you win You know to do it for the fans that just bought their ticket to their first event. and I was like, yeah, I do wanna do it for those fans. I, I'm not afraid of Gilbert and Gilbert's like started chirping on Twitter, like, oh, he's afraid he doesn't wanna fight. So then I'm like, I do wanna fight. I'm not afraid of you. So then I say, yeah, no matter what, then it's like I'm thinking to myself, bro, I'm on a nine fight winning streak. I'm taking this fight on three weeks notice. Why did I do this? I'm stupid. Like if I lose, I'm back of the line again. I was one fight away. Now if I lose this fight, I'm done. Yeah. But yeah, it changes like your mindset. But like fighters are dumb.


Like we, we just want the glory no matter what. Right. I wanna prove who I wanna, for me, I wanna prove everybody wrong. So It's like you have to temper that mindset. Yeah. You know. You have to think about the overall big picture. Because what got you to the dance is that mindset. Like anybody, anytime, let's go. Who am I fighting? I'm ready. Yeah, I'm ready. I'm ready, I'm ready. But now once you got the title, it's like you gotta keep the dog, but you also gotta be intelligent about what fights you take and when you take 'em. Yeah. And no one don't fight injured. You know there's so many guys that take fights. Oh, I had a broken foot coming into this fight. Like what? Yeah. Afterward, right? Yeah. What? And those are the guys that like for me as a fighter, if I lose, I, I lost.


That's it. Right. Like I hate guys who come up with a million excuses afterward. Right. Because then it, like for the guy that won, it's like people are not gonna give him credit for that win. Right. And then for me it like when I lost my fight, it was like, all right, I gotta change this. I lost, that's it. Yeah. Like that was always my mindset. Don't give excuses. If we're going into a fight injured, we accepted it. Injured. That's it. That's it. Put it outta your head. Because if you go in there overthinking about it, like, oh I got an injured ankle or I got a a injured rib, you shouldn. No you shouldn never took this fight in between rounds. You never wanna second guess yourself in the fight. And for me, I just try to clear my head of any anything. Once we said yes, our name's on the contract. That's it. We're all in. So Who do you think is next?


There's talk of Kott and there's talk of Kamar Usman, right? Yeah. Those are the ones that I hear. Yeah. Mostly I think like you said, for legacy wise, Usman is obviously the bigger name and he was the guy that Dana said it was the, the best wel ray behind GSP or in front of GSP. But for boogeyman wise and to like shut up the naysayers, I think it's shaft caught because he is undefeated. He's the guy that everybody thinks is this killer. Yeah. And then for myself, it's like either one of them does a lot for me. Usman, obviously It would probably pay bigger, bigger pay-per-view numbers. And then beating him my resume's up there with GSP because then I don't have Usman on my resume.


Leon, Maya, Wonderboy, like all these big name guys, Gilbert Burns Brady. And it's like, look at that resume. Right. It's not connect with his Right. But Shock got also that this young guy's gonna come out here and beat you right after being Leon. Right. Everybody's comets. Oh shock. You can't do the shot cut though. Shaka will kill you. And my, my chip of my shoulder is like, alright, let's go. I'm gonna prove you guys wrong right now. I'm gonna show you guys what I could do because I, for me, I when, like you said with BJ Penn where it was like the strength conditioning was this whole countdown one for us. We strategize everything. My coach is so good at breaking down stuff. We're so good at breaking down fighters that I have a, a game plan for everybody and a strategy for every single one of these fighters.


and I already have a strategy for, for Shaka. I already have a strategy for, for Usman. 'cause I was chasing 'em so long and I've been watching tape on these guys for so long. So I don't see anything from either one of them too where I'm looking at him like, I'm afraid of this guy because of this. I'm afraid of this guy. 'cause of that. I think Usman iss a tougher fight than Shot guy if I'm being honest. But I do see many ways where I could beat them both because I've, there's a lot of guys in the division that have to fight a certain way. They're specialists where they're either grapplers or strikers. I, I could strike with you or I could grapple with you. I could grab, I could wrestle with you. I could move laterally. I could move forward. Like every time you see me in the cage, it's something different. and I think that that's comes from my team and the strategy that we bring to, to fighting.


We look at it like a real sport instead of, alright, I'm in shape, let's go fight. Right. We look at it as like, what's this guy's weakest point? Right? Oh, Leon can't move backwards. Let's move him backwards. Gilbert Burns, he can't take you down. He's gonna, he's gonna gas out. Let's, he's not gonna take me down. Let's, let's, let's beat him up on the feet. A little bit Brady. He's only good on the ground. All right, let's strike with him. It's like I look at guys and I look at fights in a different way than a lot of these other fighters where some of these guys, let's go in there. I see Red, I don't care what happens. Right. Yeah. I think for legacy, Usman an important name also because Usman probably won't be fighting that much longer. You know he's kind of at the end of his career and I feel like the UFC owes him A little bit something for the Hamza fight takes hams out on short notice.


That was like 11 days notice too. Right? Yeah. And Abu Dhabi crazy. Yeah. That's crazy. That's crazy. And it was close, Very close. And he was winning the third round. Yeah. But I was, I was gonna say earlier about Olivera and Ian, like that's another fight where I felt like that is a five round fight. That should be a five round fight. And Charles almost caught him a couple times in that fight. I'm like, that's a wild close fight between two top of the fu chain guys. It seems wrong to have that fight three rounds. Especially for number one contender status. Yeah. It it's like, especially Charles who's been in there for so long Right. Was a champion and he's like a different type of champion. Right. He comes balls to the wall no matter what. Yeah. So even if it's five rounds, you're not expecting it to go five.


So, but in general I felt like, but shouldn have been there and He almost caught him a couple times. Yeah. He got real close a couple of times And Charles is, I think he's the most successful finisher with submissions in the history of the sport. Yeah. And now he's two fight losing streak himself. Yeah. But The last one was so fucking close and it's against Ian who's the top of the food chain. Yeah. Like that 1 55 pound division. Woo. It's What, what happens if Islam decides to go to one 70? I mean for me, I would never fight Islam, but I mean if I get two more. So how do you do that though? So what if you, you're gonna, okay, yeah. Let's assume you beat Usman. Let's assume you beat Kott.


I'm calling Risco. Is that what you do? You go to 8500%. Really? Yeah. Wow. Yeah. I feel if there's anybody that can and be willing who deserves it, It would be me. 'cause I had to fight five top five guys to get to where I am now. So I think at least two more then I could start talking about one middleweight. So that's what you would do. Yeah. Islam would go to 70 and you'd go to 85? Yeah, for sure. Wow. Would you pack on size to go to 85? Yeah. I mean I would put on muscle but like in general, I've, I've trained with a lot of 80 fivers and I. Think I have good size for 85. Well DRAs is talking about going up to 2 0 5 and fighting Alex. Yeah. Which is crazy. And so maybe he vacates the middleweight title or May You know.


Who knows, maybe he goes double champ status. But I feel like there's so many guys at 85 for him still to fight Oh. yeah. He's fought Izzy, he's fought Strickland Whitaker. He fought Whitaker Beat. Yeah. You got Whitaker, but now you still got the young guns, right? Brendan Allen Oh. yeah. Who's a dog him against. I ov the winner I feel like should be there. Zes still there that people aren't even really talking about him more getting, if Wants to fight and You know, I think Hamza's at seventies the scariest Hamza. But that's, that weight cut's crazy for him though. Is It? Yeah. What does he walk around at? He, I've seen him out and he looks like over like two 15. He's like that Michael Morales, he just fought, he just beat Neil Magni. Yes.


Yeah. He came, he came to train with us. I brought him in for, for Leon fight and he was like, I was like, bro you're huge. He's like, nah. Yeah. I'm like 1, 1 90. And then my coach like put him on the scale. He's like two 18. I was like, bro, I was like, bro, what do you mean? What are you talking about? Like he said, oh no, I just had bad breakfast. and I was just like, bro, what Did you eat? You eat a whole ostrich The fuck did you eat? But he's so, he's young and he's huge. and I was like, bro, he's good. It's not gonna last long, bro. Yeah. You, you can't cut this much weight. No, He's he's big. Yeah, he's good too. He's A dog. He's good. His, He's real good just training with him. He was like another one of those guys we brought in and it was like he was a perfect training partner where he didn't like have ego where I'm fighting somebody in my weight class, he's undefeated and he'd come in and say, oh he's fighting for the, but lemme go crazy with him.


Nah, he was such a good kid. Oh, that's nice. Yeah, he fought, trained really well with us. And then to see him go out there and finish Neil Magni, who thinks like the perfect gatekeeper for any like up and comer. Right. Yeah. He's that test where you go past them, it's like you're real deal. Exactly. Yeah. That's the real deal. And he looked great in that fight. Yeah. He's a real contender. There's so many real contenders. Yeah man, the your division is just so filled. Yeah. People forget man. Like even Gary, JDM like all these guys, people Forget about Jeff Neil You know. Yeah. Jeff Neil's a fucking killer. You Know he's going against RDA now. Yeah. That's funny. That's funny. That's a wild fight. Yeah. I wanna RDA was another guy who trained with Nick Curse on Oh. yeah. Yeah. He was using that sort of that when RDA was in his prime.


Yeah. Him and that, him and his cardio days where he could just go nonstop punching strike and wrestling. That's what we're talking about though. That's what it was. Wow. He was doing that same kind of workout with Nick Rson. That's wild. Does he still train people? Rson? I'd have to reach out. I bet he still does. I know he was training a bunch of other athletes in a bunch of different sports as well, you know, but his whole thing is plyometrics and foot strength and your ability to move and continue to move. It's, it's interesting because I see both ways. I see like, look Sean Strickland is the craziest fucking cardio of anybody. Right. Because all that guy does is spar. Yeah, he's, he's fighting every day. He spars more than anybody in the UFC and he gets hit less.


That's nuts. Yeah, that's nuts. So his cardio is from his being completely comfortable with fighting all the time. And I'm sure he does other things too. But most of which, if you talk to like ick and all those guys that train with him, most of the stuff, what he does is spar. Yeah. He just loves sparring. He loves getting in there and sparring And he spars stupidly. Stupidly. Yeah. Stupidly. Yeah. There's guys that are like spar light and spar for like distance and managing and stuff and there's guys that like it's going to war, just wanna throw it down. I'm like looking at these guys like, But he doesn't get hit much. The reason why he's so good at that, first of all, that style is so weird. Stands straight up, has the Philly shell and throws punches in weird angles and he's just peppering you, peppering you, peppering you keeping them on.


You keep keeping to the body front, kick to the body, peppering you keeping on you. It's a weird style man. Yeah. It's a weird style. It's like agitating. Especially if you're a guy like at Asya who wants that distance and wants it to look pretty to have somebody who's like striking look so ugly just in front of you. Just nonstop. Yeah. Or like against what's his boa where he just threw like 55 TEEP at him every, every round. Yeah. I was shocked at that fight. But that was a good example of how hard he is to hit. He's fucking hard. Yeah. I mean, 'cause I think You know for some reason I, I don't know what happened but I think that, I think some fighters, they just have like when, when he, when style Bender beat Behnia, like he was kind of a different guy after that fight.


You know. Yeah. There's some guys, they have a fight and for whatever reason they never are the same guy again. And it's not even a bad beating. it might be like a psychological thing. Yeah. I think it's the undefeated thing. He was undefeated in that fight. Yeah. Then you get your first loss and You like you're, you don't have that same mindset anymore because you were killing everybody. Then all of a sudden you lose and you lose by finish. You're like, yeah, was I not as good as I thought I was? And You get dry humped. Yeah. Izzy dry humped. Izzy has the best celebrations like after any fight. Oh the fight with pe when he knocks peda out and he shoots the three arrows into him, that's the greatest. To be Like, thinking about that beforehand is just wild.


And then to like put it out there. It was so Beautiful. I don think he said he did think about that. I think he just did that in the moment. In the moment. Yeah. Yeah. That's wild. Well You know Alex always shoots arrows at you in the beginning. I don't think there's a better, there can't be a better celebration than that one. Like No, it's the best. Nothing's gonna come close. It's the best. And then the speech afterwards makes it even better. Yeah. You know the speech was incredible. That was really good. Yeah. Do you think we ever see the the third one? Who knows? Man, I don't know if Izzy wants to fight that dude again. I don't think he wants to fight him at 2 0 5. I think 2 0 5. You don't get a drained Alex Peda. You get a destroyer. Yeah. you know what he just did to Prohaska? Everybody's gotta be nervous. All you has to do is one shot just touch you once and I think at 180 5 he doesn't take a shot as well either.


Yeah. I think that draining of your body and You know your brain dehydrates the whole deal. Yeah. And Trick has said if he fights him again, he doesn't want any excuses. So he doesn't want Alex to come down to 85. He wants to go up to 2 0 5. Yeah. But if you're fighting him, like if your first move is not shooting a single leg, I don't know what like what kind of coaching you have. Right. Because that should be your first goal, at least in the first round. Try to grapple him Something. Yeah. You gotta do something. Yeah. You never want, I never wanna sit there and go toe to toe with him. It's just too dangerous. It's weird. It's like some guys just have weird power. Yeah. It's it's weird. It's like, it's different than everybody else's by a magnitude. So a large gap between his power and everybody else's and with everything with kicks, with punches, anything he hits you that scissor knee that he hit mic with Oh.


yeah. Ooh. and I feel, I feel like he's always s sparring too himself. He's always like posting videos of sparring with like the normal classes. Yep. It's not like he's even had like crazy training partners. No, He spars light. He'll Spar Light. He even s sparred light with Strickland. That's the only time tripping Spars light strictly goes in there as spars with him. He is like, let's just touch each other. Yeah. I don't wanna even wanna film it with big gloves on. Yeah. Fuck all that. Yeah. But, and he's talking about gonna heavyweight, which is even crazier Him against Aspenal will be wild though. Wild. But you gotta think Aspenal can take him down. But would his ego want him to take him down Or You like, all right, lemme show you. I can strike with you. I think Aspenal the moment he realized if, if he can hit him on his feet he'll try.


But if he can't Yeah. That's the take down's always there. So that's, and he's so much bigger. I mean, Aspenal is a solid 2 55 and I think he's a black but as well, right? Yeah. Yeah. Wicked on the ground. And he had nothing but success other than that one time where he fought Curtis and his, his knee blew apart. But that You know that's just a freak accident. Yeah. It's it's crazy. Right? Like I, I tell people that so many random things could happen in a fight. Yep. That could happen. And then you look at guys that are undefeated for so long and people don't respect how hard that is to get there. Yeah. It's a crazy sport man. It really is. And for you, what a journey to be 23 years old and step into a gym for funsies.


you know, just try to learn a little martial arts. What the hell? Next thing You know. You're the champion of the world. It's wild. That's wild man. Yeah, it's, it's, it's a blessing, right? Like just thinking about the whole journey man, like spiritually it puts you into a different mindset too. 'cause you just thank God for everything no matter what. And for myself, thinking of what, like I said, I was gonna scooter, try to be a lawyer and I always tell my mom, yeah, I'll quit when I lose. And it's like, now I could have went from that to being able to do something like this every single day. Being able to train every day and being able To do that kind of a fight. A world title fight. Your first world title fight at five in the morning in another country.


Bananas. Yeah. Just a crazy accomplishment. Enemy territory. Enemy territory. People died. They're tired. Tired enemy. Yeah. Sleepy. But It's wild. 'cause the, the fans out there were crazy. There was still so many fans. We had, we ended up having a parade the, that same night because we got outta the fight. It was like at 7:00 AM and then we had people out there that set up like a parade for us. Oh wow. In Manchester. Oh wow. Yeah. And the streets were like crazy packed. It was, it was full. Wow. Yeah. So you just stayed up? It was, yeah. 'cause it was like 7:00 AM so I'm like, went back to the house and You know everybody wants to come see you now. So we're just chilling and then all of a sudden it gets to like noon and you take your, try to say everybody's taking a power nap now.


'cause We were up from the night before at midnight. So it came up to like two, three o'clock and then everybody started falling asleep. So for myself, I'm still wide awake, I'm gonna, we rush the fight. And then they were like, let's go get some food. And they like surprised me with like a huge parade at like one of their busiest streets in Manchester. Oh wow. And they shut, like they said, the streets got like shut down, but they have like a huge Muslim population over there in England area. So like a lot of the, even before the fight I was getting a lot of messages from people were like, you, you're not in enemy territory. This is your home. And We were blessed out there 'cause people took care of us the whole time. That's awesome. My team had food, everything every single day. Like even the gym when I was first looking for myself, a lot of the gyms I was messing out there were like, no, you can't, like we're, we don't, you're fighting Leon, we can't open the doors for you.


Right. Yeah. But then we met some guys that like opened up their gym for us and they were like lawyers driving us around at 4:00 AM They had other jobs, but they were driving us around, staying up with us at 4:00 AM and then having to go to work Oh. At like 9:00 AM Wow. Yeah. So, well they're probably excited to be a part of it. Yeah. And that's what they, a lot of 'em said. They're like, you know, we're just happy to be here. We don't want nothing from you. That's great. That beautiful. It was just, yeah. It was such a cool thing. That's amazing. And you Meet just like new friends, right? New, new people. And it was for my team, for my family. Like to have that journey. All the, all of us together. My dad went, my mom didn't go. What did it Feel like when they put that belt around your waist? It was wild because like, I try to think back to it.


And for me at first it was like I told you so like I, I told you I could beat Leon. Like that was my mindset the whole time. I didn't want to think about the belt. It was more so to be like, I beat Leon. I, you guys thought I was gonna lose him every single, I had to live with it for three years of everybody telling me I'm gonna lose to this guy. He was, he would've beat you the last four rounds. He would've killed you. And for myself for that, it was just like, I told you I could do it. I told you I was better than him and his coach and his team were all talking trash to me before the fight. So just to like rub it in their face. But then for me to have like, to be able to wear the, the title right? And to like be able to, to carry my flag with the title and to show people what's possible.


Because I, I mean obviously You know what's going on right now in the world for Palestine. For them to have a champion right now to have for them to have a win from that fight. That meant more than anything because I was getting so many messages from them. The, we had people in in Gaza that were watching video of it. Wow. And it was kids at a refugee camp. They were watching videos of the fight and it was such an amazing thing. There's you. Yeah. There's you. And then even for my coach right there, Mike Val, he's a small gym. He doesn't talk big. Right. And for, for me to stick with him and for us to do it together from the start, now he has another world champion. We're literally a tiny gym and in there and he does so much for a lot of his fighters.


He brings a lot of guys in from Chile, Mexico. And he puts 'em in like apartments, doesn't charge them rent. Just like helps 'em grow from, from their start. This is sell them. You just have to work hard. That's amazing man. Yeah. So yeah, a lot of it just comes back down for, for my people in general. Me, it was just to prove everybody that I could beat them. I could beat Leon. I told you so. But now we got a real title and just attention. So for me it's like using that. Now you're Calling the shots. Congratulations brother. Thank you my brother. Very impressive. Amazing. It's, it's a blessing man. I'm blessed to be here to talk to you. I'm blessed to be able to like for people now to know my story, hear my story.


And in general, if I get to have conversation like this and carry this belt around, people will look at me and look at themselves with the dream That that's the parade. Yeah, It was. It was that. What a picture. God damn. What a great picture. Yeah, that picture's incredible. That looks like a fake picture. That looks like ai. It's, it's so Perfect. They literally had smoke and everything. There was, it was wild. That's Amazing bro. Yeah, I Was, I was so surprised by the whole thing. That's amazing. Well, I can't wait to see you fight again man. I can't wait to see you. Defend your title, whoever it's gonna be. I hope I'm there. I can't wait to see It. Yeah, my brother, I appreciate it. Hopefully, hopefully it's in the, the, the US so you can come a commentator.


Yeah, hopefully. Yeah. Hopefully. Alright, well congratulations. Thank you brother. Bye everybody.