
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. And we're up. Exciting times, exciting times. It's a good time to be a conspiracy theorist. It's a good time to be a conspiracy theorist. It's a great time to be a comedian. These are the, these are the good days. The all or nothing days. Yeah. These are the good days until the election. Then who the fuck knows what happens? Just fast forward to it. Did you see this thing that the b Biden administration pushed through this new martial law thing? Yeah. This is very disturbing. Jamie, please google this so we can find out what the actual law states, but it's a DOD directive 5 2 4 0 0.01, giving the Pentagon Power for the first time in history to use lethal force to kill Americans on US soil Who protest government policies.


What are they expecting? Say Again. 5 2 5 0 0.01. Is that sounds Right? I'm, is that what it is? I'm sorry. Did I tell you what it's, I'm sorry. 5 2 4 0 0.01 DOD directive. This is from RFK Junior posted this on Twitter and I'm finding out about it 'cause people are blowing me up about it. That's fucking terrifying. That is a terrifying thing to push through for the first time in US history, giving the military the ability to shoot and kill American citizens. That's crazy too. And it, it's interesting because, You know, with the, the Smith Months Modernization Act and stuff like that, it's almost like they kind of, in a weird way, just make it legal what they're already doing.


If you use, what is that? The Smith Modernization Act, the Smith Months Modernization Act that Obama pushed through, which basically made it So it was legal for the US government to use propaganda against Oh, right. Against its citizens, which they were already doing in different ways through CIA and all that stuff. Right. So it sounds like we can legally do it. You can't sue us Now, how crazy is it that it's legal to lie? How crazy is, that's legal for the government to not just legally lie, but they can concoct completely fabricated stories just to push a narrative if they de decide that it's in the best interest of national security or whatever. To just manipulate energy in your mind and all that stuff to get you to believe certain things. And it's, we need to bring back shame.


That's my opinion. Well, they have none. They, it's not gonna work. It can't bring back shame to lizard people. Yeah, well they can't, they can't feel anything. It's in their reptilian brains, which is very some weird shit going on right now with that. It's weird because like, You know, that David Ike stuff where you said they're all lizard people. I don't think they're really lizard people. I don't think they're really shapeshifters, but they do behave in a reptilian way like a corporation does. Like a psychopath. I I, I don't know if they're actual reptilians dude, But there is something going on that they are a group of people. 'cause they're all related, which is very weird if you like, oh, you go back far enough. They're all related. Like if you study Obama and Bush Right.


You know, we, you met. 'cause I remember when Bush, when Obama was running, I was like, oh, change, it's gonna be change. Oh, hope and change. Hope and change. And then you start studying like the Bushes and the Obamas and, and they're, they're, they, their first ancestor, their common ancestor is a Hinkley dude. Right. And you go like John Hinkley, the guy who killed, tried to kill Reagan. 100 Reagan percent. What? Yes. Their, their common ancestor is a Hinkley. And then when you realize that Hinkley was related to Obama and Bush and relay to the, the Bushes had dinner with the Hinkley's the night before Reagan got shot. And here's the craziest thing. What? Yeah. Is that crazy, do you think? Okay. I always thought Hinkley was a lone nut.


It wasn infa Infa infatuated with Jodi Foster. What? So no dude. And he actually, there's actually interviews dude, where he said Uncle George told me to do it. Oh Jesus. Okay. Didn't they just let him out? Yeah. And now he's doing like plain and coffee beans. 'cause he's put out an album or something like that. He's, he's touring off it. But that's a crazy thing. Barack Obama, the 10th cousin once removed of George W. Bush through Samuel Hinkley of Cape Cod. Holy shit. It's so crazy. So I've never gone down the Hinckley rabbit hole. What's the, so John Hinckley, the guy who killed or shot rather Reagan, what was his deal?


Was he, he was like, he MK Ultra. Yeah, he was a little off. He was like the one family member. It wasn a little off. Oh, a little off. Here's the craziest thing about that thing, that the Hinkley that shoots at Reagan, he's the first one that can use the I I'm mentally not capable of defending myself. The I'm too mentally ill. What's the, what's the law where you can, where you Yeah, I know what you're talking about. Yeah. Yeah. So, 'cause right around then, John Lennon was also getting like assassinated and his killer tried to use that. I'm mental, I'm not mentally capable to Who killed John Lennon? Do we remember? What was his name? What was it? The dude And I watched that whole story. It's Is there a rabbit hole to go down on that one too?


Yeah. That's a crazy story too. 'cause like we had this kind of, there's two eras of like assassinations where like everybody was getting assassinated or they were temping. Yeah. Chapman, Mark David Chapman shot and killed Lennon. Now is he an MK Ultra guy too, you think, bro? So he had that, what did, what book did he have for On the Rye? Was it called Catcher in the Rye? Catcher in the Rye? Yeah. Did that go That's some NK ultra shit right there. Were he still alive? Is he still alive? 69 years old getting fucked in jail. Wow. Wow. MK Ultra shit is left and right, dude. Mm. The second gunman, not Mark David Chapman.


Yeah. Nobody talks about that. They shot John Lennon author claims. Oh, author claims those authors. Well, You know, well, You know, You know the, the, I used to believe in authors The door guy at his hotel, his, his apartment building was a, like A-C-I-A-F-B-I spook Jesus Christ. Yeah. They just lo they just load it up. When, when it's meant to happen, you don't get out of there. There's layers upon layers upon layers. It's, yeah. That's why when you, you talk about any of these things that, You know, even like when you talk about the Trump assassination, there's a lot of stuff I go that that's a little weird. You know, like, that's a really weird situation right there. 'cause if you study these high impact events, they're, it's like, it's like, it's kind of like that scene in John Wick.


Do You know where John Wick, like the hit goes out on him and he's sure in the plaza now every assassin right, has a flip phone. Suddenly they're all on flip phones and it's like, boom. Take out John that that's a high impact event. Like there's layers upon layers upon layers where you're not getting out of there. Like nine 11 JFK. What does this Jamie Document shows CIA and FBI spied on John Lennon. Oh. Fear of the interrupting the election in 72.


This episode is brought to you by American Prime Evil. There's a truly gripping new limited series coming to Netflix called American Prime Evil. It's starring Taylor Kitsch and Betty Gilpin and it's set in one of the most beautiful, brutal and isolated parts of America in 1857. This is the story of rebellion, pain, hatred, fear, and ultimate survival as one woman's fights to save her son journeying through this unforgiving place. It's also directed by Pete Berg, my friend, and a previous guest on the podcast. Don't miss this one. American Prime Evil is now playing only on Netflix.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. I am all for getting your health back on track. You guys know how much I like to work out. It's important to take care of yourself, but it isn't just your physical health. You should worry about as we head into the new year, you should also spend some time and energy on your financial health. And a good place to start is to get some identity protection from LifeLock. Your personal info is in endless places that are outside of your control. It only takes one mistake and not even your mistake to expose you to identity theft and lost funds. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second and alerts you to threats you could miss on your own. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US based restoration specialist will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed. Or your money back don't face drained accounts, fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft alone resolve to make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, visit lifelock.com/jre and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/jr terms apply.


What was, which one was 72? Was that McGovern? I think it wasn when Hunter s Thompson wrote Fear and Loathing on the campaign trail McGovern and Nixon. Yeah, it wasn the one where Nixon won by the largest margin in history because McGovern's running mate, turns out he was cuckoo and had gotten electro shock therapy. Oh dude. Didn't tell anybody about it. And did you ever see the press conference when he announces it, bro, the dude looks like he just got outta the pool. He's fucking sweating. And they're like, you thought Tim Walsh was a bad vp? This guy? They're Like, It. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You can't be the vice president if you study the Malcolm X assassination.


The guy, oh, that's another one. The guy, the guy who is giving him mouth to mouth at the end is, is a New York police officer. It wasn so undercover that even like the New York police didn't know about it, it was this crazy like secret group within the, they didn't even go through like getting their badges and anything like that. They were like separated early and then infiltrated all these, these organizations, like the guys who shot 'em were working with the FBI, the guy who's giving 'em CPR is a, is a undercover New York pd bro. How exciting must it be to be an undercover dude? To be like deep imagine being like a fucking IDF soldier who's in Hamas.


Dude, that's crazy. You're in Hamas. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You're in there and you're so deep too. You're so deep that no one even knows what your actual job is. And there's a, Israel doesn't play Israel don't give a fuck. They don't give a fuck. They have a bunch of those dudes like infiltrate infiltrated everywhere. Hezbollah everywhere. They've got guys in everywhere that's go everybody up with those pagers. Yeah. That's crazy. That pager thing is one of the most gangster moves in the history of espionage. And it's like you got, You know, every, is that espionage technically? No. Yeah, 100%. Is that what you call it? Yeah. It was 100. It's clandestine and all that stuff. Fucking wild move, man.


What a wild move. And and then you study where like blow their dicks off. They could get any, like, they could have this thing listening to us. It's, it's that. Oh, it's listening. It's that. Yeah. The Buddha is listening to us. Believe me, this coffee's, that's where it's at. Well now they have wifi and the ability with wifi to see everything in the room. Yeah. Not only does wifi see you, it knows what position you're in and know it sees you as you're moving around. It knows everything. Yeah. You know, even these phones like, oh yeah. They never, they never shut off. By the way, who's I talking to? I was talking to some people last night, your club, and they were talking about how like your phone knows exactly like what time it is and, and what you tend to look at at that time.


So when you flip it up, those are the apps that come up. They have you down on lockdown, everything. It's crazy. Yeah, it's crazy, dude. Like I've been studying this stuff a lot. And this is the weirdest thing is where everybody thinks I'm a crazy person. I don't Thank you. Finally somebody, somebody gets me. It, it, it was got really lonely there for a while. When you were out there at the end of the pier, you were out there at the end of the pier. The hurricane was coming. Yeah. And I was like, what's Sam doing? Yeah. He's scaring us. He's like, guys, yeah, we need water, we need sandbags. And now they still think I'm crazy, but at least they're like, okay.


He is right about everything. Right. Well it was fascinating to watch Callen slowly melt away the layer that he had put up, the blinders that he had put up all of his life. And it's like, So I get a text from You're right about everything. Yeah. Where do you get your news from? I'm like the streets dog Bro. Callen is so hard to convince. He and I, we, we had this long ass conversation in Utah a couple weeks ago when I was there for the UFC and just long ass conversation where I was laying some things out for him and then showing him. He's like, no way. I was like, yeah, read it. He's like, what the fuck? I go, yeah, read it.


It's so crazy. 'cause You know, he's super highly educated, You know, and, And Brian Callen is a sweetheart. People don't realize that. He's almost to a point, like he's a people pleaser where he just wants to make sure everybody's happy. A little bit of that. Yeah, a little bit. And he kind of puts himself in some weird situations once in a while, but at the end that of the day 'cause of he has a good heart and he means really well. He's a great guy. I've been friends with Brian for 30 years. Yeah. He's the best. We're really, we're real good friends. And he, I love him to death. And he wants to have hope. Well he wants to believe that the government is good. Yes. And I think the government is mostly good. Yes. That's what I think about people. I think people are mostly good. I've, I think most people are great, but I, I think the reason the Second Amendment exists is some people are not great.


Yeah. Some people are really bad. And you want to protect the great people from the people that are really bad. And that's a reality. Unfortunate reality. I would like that to go away. I would like, there'd be no need for guns because everyone's amazing. Yes. That would be the best. Hundred percent. But pretending that everyone's the best without fixing all the problems that make people fucked up in the first place while trying to remove guns. So only outlaws have guns is the dumbest fucking strategy. And every city, it's so stupid that pulls that off. Like Chicago or Detroit or any of these places that try that shit. It's a disaster in a fucking war zone. You know? I mean, there's more people get murdered in Chicago, right. Every weekend than probably any city in the country.


The places with the strictest gun laws have the most violence. Yeah. It's fucking dumb. It doesn't work that way. You have to, you have to look at things realistically. And then you have to look at the root of the problem instead of looking at the actions. Don't look at the actions. Look of what causes the actions. Extreme poverty, despair, gang ridden, crime ridden neighborhoods. If you don't fix them, you're gonna keep getting the same kind of people that come outta there. So that is where we, we spent $175 billion on Ukraine. That's so crazy. Dude. We could have easily fixed all of our inner city problems. We could have set up community centers given people nutritious food.


We could have like completely renovated the schools, fix the schools brought in athletes and musicians and people to do seminars and show people how they can get out of things. Teach people trades. Life skills. Life skills. Teach people things that you can use and can apply. You can get jobs. Show them how they get jobs. You know, there's a lot of people that are fucked, man. They're fucked. And there's no, they have no one reaching a hand to try to help them out. And we could've done that. Scarcity, dude. That's scarcity. But is that on purpose? Yeah. I I don't think it is. I think they're acting in the interest of the people that pay them and the interest of the people that pay them is supporting the military industrial complex. The pharmaceutical industrial complex. And then the, all the people that give them money, keep getting more money from them and ignore all the other people.


This is what I think they're doing. And, and this is what I think they're doing with voting as well. I mean, I think it's the exact same thing. The the reason why they're letting in so many people and giving them money and putting them up in hotels and then asking for amnesty for all these people that came in. We need people that this is like this new narrative. We we're not having enough babies. We need people to come into this country. Sure. Not that way. Yeah. Not where you don't know who the fuck they are. 15. We like to vet them. 15,000 of them are rapists. 14,000 of them are murderers, convicted murderers. It's Like, It just what we know. It's like you're having a party and you're like, oh, there's not a lot of people there. Someone's like, I'll invite a bunch of people, Andre, like go to South Central.


Cool. Open up the doors. Find, find the gang bangers. Yeah. Bring 'em in. Yeah. But then you study, you study a lot of this stuff And it, And it just gets into like, I, I think like this kind of like dark energy stuff, man. It's like if you study like what they did to the Native Americans, if you study what they did to the, the, the black community, they run the same playbook over and over again. Right. Which is take take like if you study the natives, right. They took, they killed all the buffalo, which mean took away all the guy jobs from the guys they flood. That's a little more complicated that the Native American story is a little more complicated. But it's in that, in that regard, the buffalo thing wa there's some evidence that some people were killing the buffalo to deprive the Native Americans of food.


But most of it was just wanton and destructive recklessness and just like greed. Just horrible greed. Yeah. Just, You know what they were doing it for pickled tongues. It wasn the primary thing. That's crazy. They were getting, that's before they're even getting skins from the buffalo. They were getting tongues. Tongues was like one of the big things Because you could take 'em, you could pickle 'em and you could send 'em back east and they were worth a lot of money. That's crazy. 'cause a buffalo tongue's like that big. Yeah. So they're shooting this 1800 pound animal for a fucking 10 pound tongue. It's nuts. Yeah. And then, You know, the guys didn't have the, the males, the men didn't have jobs. Yes. And, and the women always had jobs 'cause they had children and it wasn their job.


And then you look at the black community, they did that exact same thing with the crack epidemic. They took away all the jobs. They flooded it with drugs, they locked up all the men destroyed the community. And now you see that kind of happening in the bigger cities now where it's like, I, I was flying on this one air airline, I forget what it is. And they were like, where are training only women now to be pilots? And I'm like, Jesus. Is is that the best idea right here? How about train the best humans? They happen to women. Well, hundred percent. Great. Yeah. If if they're not women, don't hire 'em. So you're taking hire the best people taking away from jobs from guys and like as men. We're, but You know what that is. That's all that DEI stuff where they have to like, in order to get funding, You know, in order to, like there's, there's a financial incentive, right.


To meet DEI quotas a lot of s are abandoning them now. Yeah. 102, all of it happened during the Obama administration. Yeah. Have you ever seen, we, we showed it yesterday on the podcast. Was it yesterday or the day before? The spike in racism. Yeah. Yeah. And all these things on social media. Dave, you talked about that one time. All of it comes up at 2012. It just starts at 2011 and just spikes thousands and thousands of the articles, the mentions in the newspapers. Oh God. It just, and all mentions on social media all a sudden became a big thing. And then you have all your race hustlers who are taking advantage of these DEI quotas and they provide seminars for exorbitant rates.


This is the Al Sharpton hustle, the Jesse Jackson hustle. Yeah. You know, all those, there's a lot of those guys that capitalize on white guilt and got in with a fucking nice fucking deal. Paycheck, dude. Big cash's making big money. I want shrimp cocktail in the green room, You know, like for diversity, You know, hook me up with some Dom peron. And they, You know, they pulled it off. And that's what you're always gonna have. You're, you're always gonna have people that take advantage of any kind of a situation like that. And I think, but that one seems to be, I don't think they realized the impact it was gonna have. I think they were just trying to push a narrative that people were racist and like, we should not be racist. And it was like a good talking point for the Obama administration.


But then it, it spread to transphobia and homophobe it, it just went wild. Yeah. They're just looking for stuff xenophobia. Yeah. IIII think it's a, there's a bigger play and it's divide and conquer. And these are, these are playbooks that plays in the playbook that they run to do this. And You know, it's like, for me it's like study the cultural revolution of China. Study the Bolshevik revolution of, of Russia. And, and, and I'm sorry, but people can think I'm crazy, but what the Nazis did to Germany, it's, it's like these are, these are playbooks to destroy these, these giant powerful countries that you can't just invade you 'cause you'll get your dick kicked in. So you have to kind of destroy from inside.


And I, I think everything you're talking about right now is Alva playbook of cultural Marxism. That this is how you destroy it from the inside. And like that Yuri Beov or whatever his last name is. Yeah, dude, I just saw another video he did where like, and the guy ruined it by putting up all these stupid pictures And it made it way more weaponized than it needed to be. But man, he breaks down how you break down society. There's a couple videos, one of him sitting down and then there's one where he is given a seminar. And bro, he breaks down every single step. And you go, that's happening right now. That's happening right now. That's happening. They've destroyed the confidence that people have in America. Yes. They've destroyed the faith in America. People think that the American flag is racist.


It's so crazy. It's so crazy. Schools will kick you out if you come in with an American flag t-shirt. Like this is bananas. It is crazy. Yet pride flags are mandatory in some places. It's so crazy to me. And I, I'm working on this bit right now because like, everything in television is like civil war. There's gotta be a civil war, gonna be war movies. And I'm like, between who, like the right and the left. That that guy sounds like a curb stomping to me. It's like you're gonna have like the rednecks versus the furries and like, who, who's fighting here? Dude. It's like ridiculous. And because like they, it's gotten so crazy that like, You know, if you called somebody a fascist that meant they were like taking away your rights. Now it's just your dad who watches Fox News. Right. It's like so stupid racist.


I get called racist. It doesn't, it's almost like a badge of honor at this point to be called these terms. 'cause it's just by annoying people who I don't like anyways. Right. So it's just, it's it's destroyed this kind of fabric between our relationships between everybody. It's destroyed the meaning of words And it really opens the door for real racists. Like, if you only have one word and the word is racist, and you apply that word to anyone, everyone all the time and anyone disagrees with you all the, like, they, they apply it to Graham Hancock, the archeologist. So crazy. I had this fucking guy on this Flint Dibel guy who's an archeologist who literally wrote things implying that Graham Hancock's work empowers white supremacy.


So stupid. And I asked him about, and he was like trying to skit around it and dance around it. But I've seen him do it online with other people too. And this is a guy in Graham Hancock who's talking about ancient cultures. He's he's literally saying, we're talking about the like Egypt, no one's saying that like white people built the pyramids. Yeah, it's, they're saying that they've been there longer than people think. That's it by the same fucking people that lived there in, in Northern Africa. It's the same fucking people. No one's, there's no way to saying white people, there's no white people back. I mean, especially in that area. What are you talking about? It's not a white thing. It's Egyptians, it's Africans. I love Hidden History, yet you can say racist.


And everyone's like, oh my God, they're racist. Back away. It's so crazy away. Crazy dude. Crazy. It's nuts. But it loses. It's so crazy. The problem is, there's real racists out there. There's fucking K K's real, there's real white supremacists out there. And when you call a fucking archeologist, You know, an amateur archeologist, a racist because he's like trying to say like, Hey, maybe this stuff is older than we think it is. Well you now what about the, what are you gonna call the real? Are they super racists? What are, what are those and what does this mean? Far racist? What's the play like? Play the tape out. What does that mean? Like, like if you go, oh, the these, this is white supremacy, what does that mean? Is he, is it low? Is he trying to say that they're stealing like they're val valor? Is that what they're saying? Like they're trying to take away the notion that these ancient indigenous people constructed these things, but no one's saying that.


Like he even implied that grandma said something about aliens, which he definitely hasn't. He doesn't think aliens built it. No. The the what the, they're misrepresenting the argument. And the argument is a fascinating one. And it's backed by actual science. And the argument is there's a thing called the Younger Dries impact theory that happened around 11,800 years ago. Yes. Documented, proven 100% real event. They know the dates that it happens Because it, it happens every year. Was it November and June? Is that when the meteor, the le mini meteor shower? Is that what it is? So there's a comet shower that we pass through twice a year. And every now and then a big chunk like the Toka event, the Toka event in the early 19 hundreds, which flattened like a million acres in Siberia, is the exact same time period where we pass through this shower.


So they believe that at 11,800 years ago, this impact, and this is proven by core samples that show high levels of u iridium, high levels of this nuclear glass that happens on impacts. And they find this stuff all in the same area around 11,800 BC and then another one that's somewhere around 10,000 or 11,800 years ago rather. And another one that's like 10,000 plus years ago. So they think there's like multiple events that took place over a few thousand years, which totally makes sense if we pass through this fucking shower all the time. And it nuked a giant chunk of Siberia in the early 19 hundreds. So all he's saying, all Graham Hancock is saying is we are a species with amnesia.


Yeah. And to call him a racist for, it's the whole thing's nuts. I love it, dude. And like if you, I I think the world before that, that event was crazy, bro. It was Like, It was like, I think it's like Game of Thrones meets like Harry Potter. Like It was the craziest thing ever. Everything. Like even if you study, like the stuff that happened in the Bible and all these crazy things they say people did. I think all that stuff was possible before that. And they, it just wiped out this incredible civilization. It wasn so advanced. And they had, they could manipulate energy and they could do all this. Who built the pyramids? Maybe flm who know dude giants just lifting logs and put I mean, giant bricks and putting 'em in there.


Whoever did it. They had an insane level of sophistication. Yeah. That doesn't make any sense when you compare the rest of the world. The rest of the world. At 2,500 bc which is the conventional date, let's say. That's correct. Just the conventional date. Graham Hancock thinks it was probably much earlier. But let's say the conventional date, no one else else was doing anything like that. 2,500 BC not even close. So what, what was going on there? How did, did they just have insane resources? Did they have so much food and water and they existed for thousands of years? Just like, You know, look, we were talking about this, I had Brian Cox on yesterday and we were talking about how if you go back literally 120 years ago, you have Wilbur and Orbital Wright flying this bullshit ass plane.


Yeah. Now 120 years later you have Elon Musk and Starship X Right. Catching rockets on a fucking machine. It wasn crazy. Huh? It wasn crazy. The kind of progress that you're looking at is fucking impossible to imagine. It's so crazy. So imagine if these Egyptians had this same sort of situation where they had an established civilization, an established culture, plenty of food, plenty of resources, brilliant people, no war, and then they just start figuring stuff out, but on a different pathway instead of with like engines and internal combustion and electronics, they go a different way. And we don't know what that way is, but it's totally possible that that way exists.


Yeah. There's a lot of great YouTube channels that break this stuff down. Like my, on my lunch break and analog, I've had him on my show and they, he was telling me this story about how like they, they were drilling low and then they got to this and there was this giant like cavern and they found like holes of civilization down there, it wasn empty. And he, he talked about one time where they just kept drilling and they just would find civilization on top of civilization. And they got low enough that they found, like, like in America, they found like Chinese writing low enough. Where is this? Yeah, dude, if you study these guys, they have these YouTube channels. It's, it's on my lunch break and analog. And they just dis they just break down kind of like something I talked about last time I was on here, which was tartar, but it's lost civilizations.


How our timeline is completely fucked. It's not even, it's not even real. There's, people think we're like, we're millions of years old and we have these giant events that kind of come and reset us, but they dig deep enough. There's like civilizations keep digging. There's another civilization over and over and over and we're just, we're just on top of giants, dude. Well that's the case with Egypt. There's old kingdom and then there's new kingdom stuff and when you go deeper into the sand, you find more complex buildings. Yeah, dude. Which is nuts. Bigger stones like crazy stuff. Man, that old kingdom Egypt stuff is a specific style. And so, You know, maybe it wasn 11,800 years ago and then maybe 10,000 years ago is the other one.


Like, we don't know. We, we, we don't know how old that stuff is. Well it's almost like the Egyptians were just kind of moved in and they're like, these are our pyramids and like the Egyptians of Cleopatra's age perhaps. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But someone, You know, long ass time ago had knowledge of the constellations, had an understanding of how to point something to perfect, do north, south, east and west. And just the, the calculations that have to be involved in getting 2 million, 300,000 stones to come to a perfect point. Crazy. Like, that's insane. And then some of them, they're moving these stones from 500 miles through the mountains and then they have stones that are like 80 tons and they're lifting them 300 feet onto the ceiling.


Like, you tell me how they're doing this, dude, how the fuck it's, how the fuck do we, how would we do that now? But Joe, forget about then even if you go into these small kind of towns, you just go into like pick any state. You go into a small town, their city hall is like the most beautiful building Right. You've ever seen surrounded by trailers and you're like, who is here? Who made that? Why'd they make that? And where'd they go? And you see that all over the place. But You know, the thing is like craftsmen for like, if you go into like old houses and old churches, the craftsmanship is insane. Insane. Have you ever been to Vatican? No. That's, that's on the list. Vatican's incredible. St. Peter's Basilica is fucking mind blowing.


You walk around And it took hundreds of years to make and the craftsmanship is just spectacular. When you rock around your, your jaw's just hanging out. Like, what the fuck man? Yeah. Show some photos of St. Peter's basilica. Dude, it's immense. I don't know how tall the ceiling is. It's fucking crazy tall. But it's like everywhere you look is incredible ornate craftsmanship and You know, it wasn a thing that people did like show the inside that photo. Yeah. Look that click on that. Look at that man. The detail. Oh my God. In, in real life it blows your mind. 'cause you just like, how, how long, what was the motivation?


How did you get the money? Like who did you steal all that money from? It wasn so crazy. Click on that other one. Jamie. The one. Yeah. Wow. Look at that. And then the one to the left. That too. Look at that. Fuck dude. And when you walk around in there, you, I mean photos barely do it justice. See, well go to the one there in the lower the right hand side, Jamie with all the people in it. Right next to that. To the right. Yeah, right there. Look at that one. So that gives you a ch a an understanding of the scale. You see all these people roaming around in it, it's fucking amazing. And so people were just really good at carpentry and craftsmanship back then. Yeah. And it was a skill. It wasn taught in school.


You know, like, like how many sculptors are there today? It's probably a dying thing. It's probably very few. So sad actual sculptors sad. But back then it was a real craft that you can get into. And especially, You know, you're doing all this stuff by hand. Like they didn't even have power tools. Okay. So that whole thing was built without table saws. No band saws. It was all planers and hand chisels something. Hand saws something. Dude, you don't know. I mean like, we don't know the technology. Well that's, well we know the dates of that. We know the people that did it. That's all doable. It's especially doable over hundreds and hundreds of years of working on it. Which is what we know that they did.


When you get to things like the pyramid, all definitions kind of fall apart because there's too many stones. It would, I think they said that in, they gave a timeline of something in the neighborhood of 20 years. The pharaoh fu his his lifetime. And that in order to build that pyramid just within his lifetime, within his reign, which was like 20 years, you would have to place a stone every 30 seconds or something crazy like that. You have to cut place, measure And it would take 30 seconds per stone and you have to round the clock. I mean the fuck, it's so crazy like that. They're building that. And now i i I drive through this country doing standup and you see like churches are in like strip malls now.


Right, right. It's like you got church right next to a Jamba Juice right there. There's no, nobody's building these amazing buildings anymore. Right. And it's super sad. And it's also like, is it done on purpose that kind of make you raise your anxiety? Like we, you said, nah, come on. That's where, that's where you and I part ways. That's fine. I don't think it's done on purpose. I'll go my way. I think you get the Joel Steins who are in a giant fucking stadium. 'cause they wanna make money. You know? That's what religion has become a way to get tax exempt status. And you can be a baller. You could be that Kenneth Copeland guy with fucking Yeah. Flying around on Tyler Perry's jet guy. That guy. That guy's crazy. You see that interview scary about the dean? Oh man. When the woman interviews him. About what? I did not say that.


Don't, don't say that I did crazy dude. Ooh, fucking vicious man. I feel bad. Jesus. All the people in his name are like real retards. Yeah. That guy's not in Jesus. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's the thing is like how is, there's some scams that are legal and it's crazy. Televangelists is the best scam. That's legal. 'cause it's legal. Start your own church. It's legal. You don't, you don't have to be a real righteous person. You don't have to be following the bible. A lot of 'em are gay. They're, they're, they're fucking people left and right. Like remember Tammy Faye bak. Yeah. And, and Jim Bakker and Ings. Just ings and Jessica Hahn. Remember that, that scandal. Well was it the thing that he liked to just watch his wife get railed?


Wasn't it wasn that the whole story was, oh, I don't know. The doc at the end or the, like the the mini series on them was like, he would just love to watch her get railed. Maybe. It's crazy. I wouldn't be shocked. Yeah. I mean you get that rich getting the weird shit. Jessica Hahn. Yeah. Who went up banging Sam Kinison, which is hilarious. Places you'll go and the people you'll see. I remember one time Sam Kinison was on Howard Stern and Jessica Hahn was calling in, you're a piece of shit. Like, fuck you This lady. Well that's so gorgeous. Back then, those, those were national stories. Those were huge national stories When a preach, like when Jimmy Swagger got caught with hookers.


Oh yeah, yeah. I've seen Yeah. Remember that he was crying. Yeah. It's kind of crazy too because like I grew up in that era and that all that stuff kind of made me like question the church and then question God. And then I just kind of go, oh. 'cause I I, I've been spending some time with my friends. We kinda listen to Johnny Cash read the Bible. Oh wow. It's the best. It's How old was he when you read the Bible? I don't know how old he was, but it's like very soothing And it's like, I'm gonna be honest with you. Like I'm on this journey right now, but I've never sat down, read the Bible. I've told, can I stop you right there? Yeah. I hate when people say they're on a journey. I don't know. I don't say it anymore. Okay, well I'm going for a walk. I'm kidding.


Say it. No, it's fine. Nothing. I don care. Nothing wrong with being on a spiritual journey. I'm just trying to learn. Yes. Right. Because I've been like a real knuckle Drager my whole life. Yeah. I'm trying to get, get into the higher vibrational. Right. So I'm studying this shit cash reading the New Testament. Oh, so he was old. It was old Johnny Cash. 1990. It's okay. Not too, not too old. It's the best. Not too old. Oh wow. That's fucking great. And you just listened to him and like, I never sat down, read the Bible. I've never actually read what was in it. I've been always told what was in it. I never read it. And now to hear it actually read, which technically I'm not reading it either. I'm listening. But You know, it's like, it's really interesting.


I try to say I read a book to Don l Rawlings and I told him I read it on, I, I listened to it on audio tape. He goes, oh, you didn't read it. I was like, I I absorbed the information but you did not read it. That's Brian Kaen too. I read this book. You you listened to a tape. Yeah. Which is fine. I haven't read a book in a long time. Well, 'cause you're busy dude. I read articles, I read science papers, but I don't read very many books. Most books I get on the sh in the sauna or I get on the wi on the way over to here. Yeah. I love it. I love because I can retain knowledge better listening than I can actually reading it because I just go, what did I just read? And I have to go back and I'm the worst reader. S a skill skill. You have to learn how to absorb information. So it's like everything else.


Like if you're talking to someone but you're drifting, You know, you're not really thinking about that. You're like, oh, I gotta do laundry. You know, you start thinking stuff. Yeah. Then you're not paying and then you gotta catch up to what they're saying. You're just looking for clues. You know what, especially if you're talking to someone who's just talking at you talk, people that talk at you are so brutal because they're not really, they're not really there with you. They just have a thing and they're pressing play. And don't you just happen to be there. Yeah. Happen to be there. And they're just drive by you. Yeah. And they just want you to smile and, and make them look good. It's kind of weird. Like they don't really give a fuck what your opinions are. But if you're talking to one of those people, it's super easy to drift. Yeah. 100%. You just start thinking about shit you gotta do. Oh yeah, I should probably do that. Oh, I forgot to call that guy. You know? Well, I'm a crazy person so my brain is thinking about a thousand things at one time.


Welcome to the club. Yeah dude. Both comedians. I, I got like on malt, I'm like an iPhone. I'm multitasking doing a bunch of stuff. We were trying to have a conversation about this in the green room the other day. You know, like all the different people, they're all, I go, listen, anybody doing this job is outta their fucking mind. Crazy dude. Which is fine. It's okay to be outta your mind. My favorite people are outta their fucking mind. Yeah. Just be a good person. Be outta your mind. But be nice. Be outta your mind. But be nice, be generous, be charitable. It's okay to be outta your mind, but you should also probably figure out a way to manage your mind. You know, focus sir. My, my way to manage my mind is cold plunges workouts, saunas, brutalize myself, meditate. That way when I do, I do such difficult shit on my own that the regular life, the difficulties of regular life are pretty passive.


Yeah. It's not, they're not that big of a deal. It's not like three minutes and 33 degree water. You go through it to get to it. It's not a kettlebell workout where you fucking think you're gonna throw up. It's it's okay. Like Jiujitsu class, you're getting strangled. If you get through all that stuff, like regular life is easier. That's, that's why like being on the couch is bad. Being on the couch is bad. Not because it's not great to be on the couch. I love to be on the couch. I love watching me a little Netflix sitting down for a little Oh yeah. Show gun, binge watching. It's fucking awesome. But it's too comfortable. And when that becomes your baseline, then anything that's uncomfortable becomes difficult to handle. Because you, most of your day is like relaxation.


Yeah. And, and sedentary lifestyle. That's not good for you. It's not good for your brain. Forget about your body. It's forget about vanity. It's not good for the brain. The brain needs. You need voluntary adversity so that life's adversity becomes normal. Like if you, how you, I'm sure You know military guys. Yeah, I know. I have a lot of friends that have been in war and those guys that have been in war have a completely different reaction. I'm sure Regular bullshit. I'm sure regular bullshit is not that big a deal to those guys. They're just like, this is just regular bullshit. This is easy day, easy day. You know, 'cause war is fucking crazy.


And it's like, how much, how much have you seen? How much have you had to deal with? And that's why rich kids and and spoiled kids, they, they have such a hard time navigating life with life. Look at Hunter Biden. I agree. Look at that poor bastard. Yep. You know, if, if that guy was your dad, if your dad was a fucking vice vice president, he was never home. He'd probably be doing Coke too. Yep. He'd probably be in Vietnam smoking crack with street hookers taking pictures of your dick. Yeah. Why not? That guy's got huge dick for always on Coke. It's like he doesn't get coke dick. It's unbelievable. Sure. He's taking Viagra too. It's a fucking hog for a dude on crack. Well I never looked but congratulations. Well yeah. I have to do research. Somebody asked me, they had a copy of the entire laptop.


They said, do you want, I said no. Yeah. I do not want that. Why do you want that? I do not want that. I don't want to be in possession of that. Yeah. But also like, isn't it like, isn't it illegal? Like that's not yours. There's things on there that seem illegal. Well I'm sure there's activities that seem illegal, but isn't it illegal to be in possession of someone's private property? It wasn copied without their knowledge. Yeah, I think So. I think that's illegal. Yeah, I think so. You don't want that. Yeah. So You know, it's interesting that's, that's, I don't wanna interrupt you, but that's one of the dirtiest playbooks when they inject child porn into someone's laptop. Yeah. They do that one all all the time. All the time. Yeah. They do that one all the time.


Yeah. It's really scary. They just did that to the brother. Well this is not true. Lemme say this. The what? You don't know how many people they do that to, but they have done it. Someone in some intelligence agency has dropped child porn into a person's computer. That's a fact. That's a real strategy. People have talked about it openly. People have been caught on tape talking about it, but people get busted and you're like, oh, how convenient. Yeah. That this guy got caught with child porn. Now everything he says you'll never listen to again. One of a guy that got caught with child porn was the brother of the guy who went to the golf course to try to kill Trump.


Also the brother of the guy who was blamed for the Vegas shooting. Same playbook, crazy rock. What Coincidence. Yeah. That both of their brothers happened to be child of S Yeah. It's crazy. Yeah. And they just put it on your computer and then they rage you and then there's nothing you could do about it. Hey, if that's, that is the one most unforgivable thing of all times. I agree. If you have that on your fucking computer, everybody agrees you should be dead. Except some of these crazy professors now who are trying to make the term minor attracted person. I'll fight everybody. Everybody. I'll fight 'em all. Yeah. I'll punch a lady. It's so cra he like, because You know the weird thing about that because there was this whole push, You know, about drag queens and dude, I've been to drag shows.


They're great. I personally, I don't think they need to be reading at kindergartners. That's just my personal opinion. Yeah. Right. And, and and now they all get, a lot of 'em get busted with having weird paths. Right. And and the reason I do that is, is like, whether it's the child sex changes and all that stuff, it's like most of the people pushing that stuff Okay. Are in therapy for trauma that occurred to them as children. And now they're totally fine with traumatizing children with weird ass shit. Like, to me, like kindergarten should be a's B Cs adding a all, You know, math. It shouldn't be play games. Football. Yeah. Like drag queens seem like algebra to me, like really advanced shit that we most, most adults don't even quite understand.


Well first of all, why would you ever push anything sexual to people that haven't even, they haven't even come close to puberty. Yeah. Gross. It's gross. That doesn't gross. That gross to me makes no sense. It's gross. It's not just gross. It's disturbing. And we're also ignoring the fact that human beings are extremely malleable. You can convince people of all sorts of things. You can influence people to do all sorts of things. We know that, that's why cults exist. Right. That's why you can get, why do you think they get little kids to become suicide bombers? 'cause they don't know any better. Try getting a 55-year-old guy with a, a wife and kids and a job to be a suicide bomber. He'd be like, what? Try getting some fucking guy in New Jersey who takes the train into Manhattan every day.


Try to get that guy to be a suicide bomber. You're like, what the fuck are you talking about man? Right. I'm trying to pay my mortgage. Right. I'm I'm going to my kids'. My kids' recital tonight. 100%. I'm not blowing myself up for what? They have people that rely on them and then kids just have nothing. And they're very trusting of adults too. And they really believe that they're gonna go to heaven. They really believe that they're gonna be martyrs. And then they have framed photographs. There was, I remember there were, there was this documentary where there were, there was a school in the Middle East and they, they were talking about today's students are tomorrow's holy martyrs. And it was printed on the wall and in it they had photographs of various children that had blown themselves up and they were wearing the vests.


That's so it's fucking, it's so fucked up bananas. It's so fucked up. But that's, that's the playbook. The playbook is you get young people that don't know any better because they're easily influenced. So be in the guise of this, all this woke shit. People have put aside what we, what's fundamental about human nature. There's a reason why you don't let children get tattoos. 'cause they make poor decisions. You c So why are you letting get I couldn't agree more. Get cut off. I couldn't agree more. It's like where, what insane world are we okay with children cutting their dick? It just makes no, when you're taking or cutting their breasts off. Yeah. Or or taking hormone blockers. Oh, did you see the latest one? New York Times wrote about this.


They did a study on hormone blockers for children and they decided to not release the study. I saw that yesterday. Because the study would empower people who against go to JK Rawlings tweet. Tweet. That is so nuts to me. Tweet, tweet about this because she had the perfect response to this. The, her response to this was so perfect. The, the whole thing is completely insane. If you're going to do a study that proves that hormone blockers are good for children and you find out it's not the correct thing to do is say, Hey, we just found something out and we shouldn't give hormone blockers to kids. Yes. Now forget about, this is just for like happiness sake. We must not publish a study that says we're harming children because people who say we're harming children will use this study as evidence that we're harming children, which might make it difficult for us to continue to harming children.


It's so sad and tragic that people unbelievable people are okay with this US study on puberty blockers goes unpublished because of politics. Doctor says the leader of the long running study said the drugs did not improve mental health in children with gender distress. And that the findings might be weaponized by opponents of the care and should be because they're not, not only that there's severe health consequences. Also there's the other bullshit that you could just like reverse them at any time. That's not true. You are using them during the developmental cycle of a child. Yes. During the developmental, developmental cycle of a child, it determines like what their penis size is gonna be so sad. Like some of these kids that they do it to and then they try to have gender transition surgery. They don't have a penis that they can turn into a vagina.


So they start using their rectal tissue. Oh. So then their artificial vagina smells like shit literally. 'cause it's made outta rectal tissue. Oh. And so there's all these online forms of people talking about the malodorous, fake vaginas that they got from these operations. And then you have to keep it, it's a dilated wound. It's basically a wound wound that you gotta put in. And at some point that wound's gonna not start smelling good because it's not meant to be there. Well, I mean maybe you could, if it was made out of a dick, maybe you can keep it from smelling like anything other than dick. It's gonna smell like dick. It's made outta dick. Yeah. Right, right. But Like, it's like you pussy smell like dick, like if you have a, a pierced ear, sometimes those holes seal up.


Right. So you have to keep a peg in there. You have to keep an earring in there. Yeah. In order to keep the hole open. Right. Otherwise it'll clo up close up and you have to reopen it. They have to do that with their fake vaginas. They'll heal up. I and I just don't understand as a parent how you can't go, no, we're not gonna do this. I don't understand why you would allow the thing that is the most beautiful thing in the world, your child to go through that. I don't understand that. Because my whole thing is protect my children at all costs as, as much as I can. I protect them from a a as much as I can. And to allow this to happen at that age, be like, yeah, just take, do a major surgery at at five. I mean what, how early is it?


10, 12, 13, whatever? 13. Like It crazy. What kind of parent is that? And it's a decision that's gonna haunt them for the rest of their life. If they don't agree with it, if they're unhappy with it and there's a lot of detransition, a lot and they get shame shamed and they get shunned. Oh my God. They get attacked. So hard. It's so crazy. Imagine someone that's been coerced into doing something horrible, ruining, they'll never have children again, ruin their life. They get older and they realize like, oh, I'm just a gay man now I don't have a dick. Or, oh, I'm just a girl who had autism and was confused. Now my breasts are removed and I have a deep voice forever, forever. Forever. It's so tragic. Can't have children forever. Your life is ruined in the name of woke.


And not just that, but also in the name of money. This is where it gets fucked. Because when you look at the amount of money that's generated by this, like if you go back to like gender transition surgery, places like gender affirming care centers in like 2007. There's a couple. There's a few. Yeah. Because there's always been transgender people. There's always been people that have gender dysphoria. And then there's people that have autogynephilia. And the autogynephilia people are the people that are sexually aroused by the idea of dressing up like a woman. But they like women. And those are the fucking creeps that walk around women's bathrooms with hardon. Yeah, it wasn that swimmer. They said he that, that they had that. I'm sure there's been a bunch of them like that.


They get aroused by the idea of dressing up like a woman, but they're heterosexual. And so they're protected under the same banner. So you've empowered perverts and molesters to go into women's room and stare at women while they're peeing with their dicks out. Yeah. And You know, it's crazy. They get a kink out of walking around women's locker rooms with their hard ons and this is, or their dicks out. But this is, this is just one aspect of it. And then there's people that really do have a mind of a woman. They're trapped in a man's body and maybe gender transition is the thing for them. But they should be, they should be like protected from making a poor decision while they're young.


Yes. At 18, light yourself up like a Christmas tree. It really shouldn't even be 18 man. Or 21, 24, 25, whatever. Whatever it is. Yeah. Whatever age we figure out. Yeah. But people make, especially men, men, their frontal cortex in a man doesn't even really fully evolve until they're like 25 years old. I think mine was 50. I think mine was 52. Yeah. Yeah. But it's interesting because it's this thing we kind of see in society right now in our culture where they're trying to make outlaw shit mainstream. Like when I was growing up, there was always that story that there was this city in Colorado where everyone went to get transitioned and you went out there and that's where you did it. You didn't see it really like centers everywhere. Yeah. For a long time Colorado was the place where I always heard you went to go get your dick cut off and stuff like that.


Right. Which is fine. Again, live your life when, You know, when I was growing up in a small town, I, I don't think we had any trans, I think we had maybe one and they lived their life and they, they lived that out outlaw lifestyle. Same thing with adult film stars. Right? Like when I was like, You know, I did the naughty show, I interviewed all these adult film stars. It wasn way before OnlyFans and now like your secretary is an OnlyFans and they don't understand the lifestyle that comes with being an outlaw. Right. Which is like, like there's a reason why porn stars lived, like the average age is like 38 years old. Their lifespan. Right. There's like, is that real? If you go and you st like there's people on YouTube that put together like these immemorial, a adult film stars.


They're all super young And it's all like ODing suicide murder. It's, it's not an easy lifestyle. There's certain people that are built for that. And it comes from trauma as a childhood that, You know, they can't really also imagine the people that you're associating with every day. The the men who are pimping you out. Yeah. Through these movies. One, it's an outlaw lifestyle. It's same thing with the trans stuff. They're trying to make it so the Normies are doing it And it's like they're not built for that. There's a certain kind of person built for that, that certain lifestyle. That business got wiped out by the internet. Remember how there was all these like bailouts of businesses? Isn't it funny that no one bailed out porn? Yeah. It's so crazy dude. It's so crazy. Dude. I used to live in this gated community, real nice neighborhood and there was a dude who lived down the street who actually did juujitsu with me and he was a porn star.


I know. I think I know what you're talking about. Yeah. And he made porn films and so he was loaded. This dude had a fucking fat Mercedes and a beautiful house. And his house is apparently like just a playground like this. He was just bawling right outta control and producing porn. And then the internet came in long game, bang bang house. He got repossessed, lost everything. Everybody went broke. They went from making millions every year to making $0. Yes. Because all the porn was legal And it was all online and it's tubes. And you go into, why is that a thing? Why, why is this porn all free? Why is that, that suggestion bar over there suggesting some weird shit to me. Like It just brings you deeper and deeper into the Not like that you keep clicking on links and links, put up ads and the ad.


There's some banging out ad revenue left and right and then they were getting some straight like normal ads too. Like a f like a Ford truck I once saw in PornHub, which was like a really weird commercial before you're about to watch interracial gang bangs. Right. It's like, I bet all that's done in a sneaky way. I bet all that's probably done in a sneaky way. I bet the companies don't even know what they're advertising for. You know? I bet it's like a block of ad that goes to like some conglomerate and I mean, you gotta think of how much money must be involved in those streaming sites now and how many vi how many views they're getting. Right. If you go to a video, it's got 3 million views. Why is that any different than watching a standup special that has 3 million deals? Because you're not paying attention to the fucking ads on the right hand side.


'cause you're going full screen every time. Yeah, it it, it's really crazy. But, but the, the game changed and I always think this is like kind of a, here, this right here, 20, in 2006, pornography industry generated 12 billion in annual revenue, which is more than the combined annual revenues of A-B-C-N-B-C-N-C-B-S in 2023. The pornographic website market in the US is project to be valued at 1 billion. So they lost 11 billion's. That's with That's crazy. That's all the rebounding. That's the rebounding. Right. So there was a complete devastation from 2006, which is right about the time that this fucking dude lost his house. I think he lost his house like 2008 or something like that.


So they just, once the, the u porn and all that shit came along, it just took the fucking legs off of it. But the 20 23 1 doesn't include the OnlyFans Numbers. Oh yeah. That's gotta be off the charts. Off the chart. That's crazy too. And that's an interesting thing. But here's the thing that is the most empowering way for porn stars, right? 'cause they are rid, they get rid of the pimp. They get rid of the pimp, they get rid of the producers, they make their own revenue. And a lot of it is like boyfriends and girlfriends decide to film, You know, like fucking amateur stuff. And people love that stuff. And that, that is like an insane amount of money. And they're making it, they're making all of it. Which that's the most reason. Some of them are, I think there's this big thing where they're like, this chick made a million dollars and then you study like what the average person makes.


It's like a hundred dollars. I saw this great meme where it's like you started OnlyFans, you made $10, but now everybody your town knows you have pepperoni, nipples. Yeah. There's definitely that. It's not always successful. There you go. That's for sure. The median income for only fan creators is $4,995 a year according to keeper tax filing service for the freelance workers. However, it is likely some creators make a lot of money while others make none at all. So for the median to be 4, 9 9, you mean some girls are making $20? Yep. Yeah, some girls are making 20 bucks. So what was my point? My point was the, the, the point is that Like, It used to be an organized kind of like real industry and now it's not that and it's wild west and everybody's doing these.


Yeah, these You know what's really weird dude, is how similar comedians and porn star's business models are. They're almost exactly the same if you study it, right? It's like we have podcasts, they have OnlyFans, right? They put clips up on Twitter. Yeah. Which is wild. The Twitter still Twitter during all the censorship still full, full on hardcore porn, always on Twitter. Which is really crazy that nobody pushed back against that, that that never went away. And now, and, and snuff films. It's so crazy. To me. That's a lot of Instagram. Instagram is a lot of murder. I watched a guy today get stomped to death.


That same video. The guy got stomped to death by the elephant. I had to watch it again. Like what the fuck man? Dude, it is crazy. My algorithm on Instagram. I hate it, dude. I hate it. Yeah. It's all but holes, dude. So many people dying. I can't get away from it. Red band got me turned onto ladies who find the loophole to show their tits. Oh, would they fake by breastfeeding face fake babies. So they have this big juicy tit and they pull this hot girl and a sundress. Yeah. Pulls out this big juicy tit and sticks in the mouth of a rubber baby. And you're like, Hey, I was at the airport flying here and like, I love children. Like, especially now I have kids. I've realized how magical they are. And like, you go to airports, you don't see kids like you used to when I was coming up.


It's just nobody's having kids anymore. At least that's what they're telling us. But so I'm there. Well that's why we need immigrants, Sam. That's why we need to keep the borders open. Sam. I see that dude. Even like, we need to give him money stuff. Even Mexico's birth rate's going down. It's like Mexicans are having kids now. Dude, that's crazy. Is that real? Yeah. Like, dude, I saw this chart which stated like the birth rates of all these s it is not the only place that's only down 20% in Jamaica. They're still dropping Dick. Nobody else is, nobody probably don't have a lot of plastic over there. The part of it is reproductive cycles are being devastated by plastic. Dude, we're entering our children to men phase. Dude, I'm telling you bro. We're like maybe where we're nobody has kids remember that movie.


It wasn like ridiculous. Everybody's like, that's crazy. Yeah. Now like everything's militarized and nobody's having kids welcome. I mean, it's gonna get to a point where abortion rights are gonna be moot. Like, it's not really important because nobody can have kids. Nobody's, yeah. It's really sad dude. It's, it's weird because this is what happens in industrialized civilizations anyway. So whenever you have like cities, what happens is women enter the workforce so they have children later. And then men want to have children later as well. 'cause everybody's focusing on their career. And then you have IVF centers and everything. 'cause people are too old to have kids. They're late thirties. Like, oh my God, we have to do something to have a a kid. We don't have any time. Freeze the embryos. Do whatever we gotta do. And so it's normal for third world countries to have more kids.


You know, that's always been the case Because you need children. 'cause you need children to help you work. You know, if you're working on a farm or ranch or you need kids. And then you get to cities and people are like, well the, the wife wants a career as well. And it, it, You know, birth rates always drop, but you get to places like Japan or South Korea, it's crazy. They're catastrophic. Catastrophic. Everyone's watching eel porn. Nobody wants to get hook up with the bitches, Doug. Well, it's not even that man. It's work. It's work. You know, especially in South Korea, You know, they're, they're very hardworking. It's a very hard work ethic. And the the population drop is so bad that it's something crazy. Like one out of 100 people today will have grandchildren.


Something bananas like that that is so nuts to me. And, And it, You know what else is kind of crazy? Like the, the, what feminism has done and there's a, I I think we're in big trouble. Our gene pool's in big trouble. Like, especially if you take a look at like how many o there's like so many OnlyFans. It's unbelievable. Right? And that, that lifestyle, when you're a gorgeous woman, like that, that lifestyle that you start to go into OnlyFans that kind of like shuts certain doors in your life. And one thing Yeah. That, that is gonna happen is like high value males probably don't want an adult film star as the mother of their children. Right. And these are like viking bitches. Right? Right. Like, You know, these big old juicy titties and all that stuff. They should be putting out super soldier kids.


Right. But because these high value males don't want that. Right. That's gonna fuck that gene pull up. And then you look at college and you have these really smart, smart, smart, or I'll say intelligent, intelligent, intelligent woman. Women don't wanna have kids. So now you got the smart ones not having kids and the super built ones not having kids. It's gonna be like super devastating to the gene pool we like. It's gonna get really weird, man. I think we lived through the best times and I know every generation says that about the next generation. But I think we had it great. Like I, well isn't it like only fans almost kind of like hit hitting the lottery plus shame. Right? Right. It's like you got, you got money that's coming outta nowhere, so you're gonna burn through it.


Likely you're probably not gonna be the best business person. Maybe you are. Maybe, maybe you're investing it. I wanted to speak maybe not to change your identity. I'd like to be a financial consultant to the strippers. Like, I always wanted to do that. Like help them invest stripper money. Put a call on this, put a put on that. They must all have OnlyFans, right? Oh, one dude. They said like 30% of Miami is OnlyFans. What? Yeah, it's like some crazy number. Google that. What were you saying Jamie? I I've, I've seen a OnlyFans creators say that like if some of the strippers only had enough self-confidence to know that they could just be on OnlyFans instead of going to strip club.


Perhaps maybe this Google what Sam said about OnlyFans of Miami. That seems it's like some crazy high number that seems bonkers. 30%. It's a little high. Yeah. I mean, but everybody's hot in Miami. I went to Dunking Donuts, I saw a chick working there. I was ready to leave everyone. I love for dude. I was like, I will abandon everybody for those. I tell, I always, I always say you need, you should have a passport to go to Miami because that that is not America. Yeah. That is not America. That is a wild country. Is the Latino San Diego. And then San Diego was the white Miami. That's how it goes. Dude. You go to Miami, you like, you go to San Diego, you're like, you're so gorgeous and you're happy. What is going on here dude? Right. Because they're not in the showbiz industry. 100 percent's. What? That's like Texas ladies.


Yep. I love Texas. There's beautiful women out here and they don't need any attention. I love Texas. They're not trying to get famous trying to, they're just being normal people. They want a family. They're just normal people. Yeah. Well it wasn, one of the, the main things it wasn appealing to me when I first started looking at Austin, when I would come here, I'm like, these people are so normal. They're nice. They're just nice people. They're ideal. You know, You know, they're just living their life. You get so used to that Hollywood warrior. I hated that Hollywood weird world that way of behaving and thinking. It's all wrapped around narcissists. It's all wrapped around the entertainment business. And it's all wrapped around these, these people that dictate whether or not you work. You know these overseers Yeah.


Of the industry. I get asked to audition for stuff all the time. I'm like, I'm done. I'm tired of going in there auditioning for someone who probably couldn't do the role anyway. So I'm trying to impress them and I can't act. I'm, I'm a horrible actor. I'm functionally illiterate. I can't write, I can only do one thing. It's talk mad shit. And that's it. I'm lucky to have a clear that. Thank God that's a thing. Thank God. Thank God. That's a thing at the right time. I just started podcasting red. You were in a tire shop, we'd be, oh my God. We'd be fucking doomed. We'd, so we would just be making each other laugh and we'd be constantly getting fired. I love Sixth Street Energy. I love going there and just feeling the energy. Yeah. It reminds me dude of like, you remember Hollywood Bull Sunset Boulevard in like 98 when like Kobe and Shaq were crushing it with the Lakers And it was just chaos and we didn't know how good we had it.


And it was so much fun. And now that's all gone. Well also we were undercover. Right. Because even though I was on tv, nobody knew who the fuck I was in 98. Yeah. It was like we were just kids. We were just young guys like in this wild business. And we couldn't believe we were working in Hollywood. We were working at the comedy store, You know, and then all these celebrities come by, see Quentin Tarantino there and Dr. Dre there. And you're like, what the fuck? This is crazy. Couldn't even believe it was real dice clays there. Like what My favorite, listen, there's two times at the com store that I loved, obviously when you came back And it was just fire And it was like every show was selling out instantly. But there was also that dead period at the store where it was like we could just go up and bomb with dignity and nobody cared.


You didn't, there was nobody in the or you were just eating a dick and you felt great about yourself. 'cause it was like towards the end of Mitzi's, like con, she was still in control, but she wasn't like hands on It wasn 2007 to 14. Yeah. It was just, yeah, it was. That's when I was gone. Yeah, no, no. It was right before you left too. Before you were, you were the, I loved you. You were the only one putting your name on the Marques still. And You know, you'd have these guys popping in doing an hour. Their name weren't on the marquee. It was, it was Chaos man. But the reason why they did that is 'cause they had this erroneous idea that you wouldn't sell tickets in LA if your name was at the comedy store. People knew they could see at the Comedy Store. Why would they go see you at the Forum? Yeah. And I was always like, that's who says, who says who.


Yeah. Says who. So I always appreciate you putting your name on Marquee 'cause we got to perform in front of like Pat Crowds. But during the week, I remember I'd walk up Steve Azizi still working at the cash register and he is like, should I get a new job? You'd look in, there's like 10 people in the, or it wasn like 94 to like 2003. Yes. Yeah. And I got in in 98. And it was, it was, I always said it's the purest comedy ever was because the inmates were running the asylum. Oh yeah. And you could just be, you could go do a set, do blow over there. Yeah. Have a great time. Live your life. And it was such a blessing because everybody, it wasn there during that time has gone on to do amazing things.


They're all over Netflix. Their podcasts are huge because we are allowed to just bomb with dignity. Mitzi. Well you're allowed to experiment. Yes. Right. Which is so important for creating comedy. You gotta take chances and you gotta try things. And if you're just trying to kill all the time, you're gonna do your best material. Always. And the store kind of got to be that. Yes. For a while. Like 2000 before Covid. Yeah. 14 on The problem was it was packed every night when I came back, all of a sudden it was like the new gold rush And it was every night, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday two shows, three shows sold out. Everything was sold out. Talk about Crowd. Two shows in the main Room sold out. Yeah. Amazing crowds. Enthusiastic comedy fans.


It was 'cause they were internet comedy fans. It became like a different thing Because it was before I was like, ah, let's go see comedy. They didn't give a fuck about comedy. So you, if you got a laugh, you earn that fucking laugh. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Would So I, the way I always say is the store goes through these different eras. Right. So it went through the Richard Pryor era when Richard Pryor was filming live in the Sunset Strip in like the early eighties. I mean this was like the thing, like you'd go see Richard Pryor at the Comedy Store and I'm sure the comedy store from everybody that like do Marra. And people I talked to was Hopping back then. And then there was the Kinison era. And then Kinison, I think around 88 got banned from the store and something happened.


And I don't know what he did, he probably shot somebody or something. I know he shot one of the signs. Oh yeah. In the back in the parking lot. Yeah. They replaced m Like so sad. It's dude, it wasn a bullet hole from From Can Why would you fix that there? Leave it there. So then after that there was this giant drop off. That's when I came along. I came along in 94. There was no one there. It was like, I had heard about the Comedy Store was Mecca. When I lived in Boston. Everybody was like the Comedy Store. Yes. Richard Pryor. Yes. Sam Kinison. Dave Letterman. Yep. Bill Hicks Comedy Store. The Comedy Store. You're like, you, you was like this magnet you had to get to. I gotta get to the Comedy Store. And then when I got there, I was like, what? It was like Botax.


It was like The Leftovers, the people that were around in the seventies and the eighties. But never, they were lazy. They were fucked up. They never got their shit together. And they had these terrible acts. And I remember being there and the crowd was like non-existent. No one was there. I was like, wow, this is the Comedy Store. And it was like that for a couple years. For many years. For, well you came in 98. It was like that in 98. So it was 94 till around the internet. And then the internet started getting the comedy store packed again. 'cause we were all on like only, not only fans on MySpace. Yeah. We were all advertising shows on MySpace. And that got the Dane Cook led that right.


Dane Cook changed the game. I always say, yeah, it wasn like 2002 ish, somewhere around then 2002, three. That's when it really fucking kicked in. And then Fear Factor was huge. So then my name was in the marquee. Yeah. I remember back then. So then it was packed again. And then it was internet fans. It, So it was a totally different vibe. It was like a really fucking good time. But then 2007 I left and I'm like, fuck this place. And then it dropped off again. It dropped off again. And I remember when you, when you came back Like It, I, I remember I wasn't in town. It was a big event and everyone's so excited and the things just changed And it just became just fire there. Overnight. Overnight. But I always could tell whether, whether you or Joey Diaz was on the lineup.


'cause when you weren't on the lineup, the crowds were totally different. And I'm like, oh, Tripoli's gonna have to work tonight, dude. It's gonna be a rough one. We're going to war. We're gonna lose some soldiers tonight. We, You know, if you threw Joey up in the show, first of all, whoever goes on after Joe, Joey's in real trouble. But also like, you learn a lot about yourself. Oh yeah, yeah. It's an education. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Especially Joey in the, or Joey in the, OR was almost impossible to follow. And then on top of that, like all the taboos have been destroyed. Yes. He just did 15 minutes on eating ass and s shoved his nose in someone's ass doing the pigeon and destroyed the room.


Like people couldn't breathe. They were laughing so hard. They couldn't breathe. People were knocking drinks over a table, falling onto the ground. It was normal to see people fall on the ground when Joey was on stage. So the, but the thing is, it's like all the taboos were shattered and you could just have fun. You know, you could just do anything. You could just have a good time. I felt like that at your club last night. Oh yeah. I felt like that. Yeah. Like It was so funny 'cause I came out and I did, I did kill Tony two weeks ago. And You know, I I I, I took Tony on his first road gig. You can actually watch, there's a, there's a video on YouTube where I used to do something called before and after and I would interview, like, I would take door guys on the road, I'd interview them before the show and then I would interview them after the show.


'cause I know it was gonna be chaos. Right. And you can see Tony's first gig he ever did on the Road Wow. Is on the internet. Wow. And now, You know, and I did, I did like kill Tony super early. So, You know, that's kind of how I thought the show was, how it was when it first started. So I, You know, I call up red band. I hit up red band and tell him, I'm like, Hey man, my specials drive. Can I come in, do the show? He's like, yeah, come on. So I'd be telling people like, Hey dude, I'm doing Kill Tony People. I, it's like I'm I'm having a kid. Yeah. Like, I'm giving, like, I'm gonna have a new child come into the world. People are like, I'm so happy for you. You deserve it. You're doing great. You deserve, you're, I'm like, I didn't realize what I was walking into, bro. When you, you should have come to Madison Square Garden when you see, I don't know why I didn't go.


I was like, David, like why didn't you go? I go kill Tony. We could have done that. We could've gone, I didn't even think about it. It you could've done a set. Yeah. I wish I could've gone killed Tony in Madison Square Garden was so insane for so for me it was so emotional. Like I had to be there because I was there when he was doing it in front of 18 comics in the belly room. Yes. It wasn no audience. It wasn there too. No audience. Yeah. I was a frequent guest And it was just fun. It was just a thing we would do. We'd fuck around and I thought it was a great workshop for comedy and I thought it was a great way for these amateurs, these people that are doing one minute to kind of get feedback from guys like Rera and to like Yeah. Kind of figure out how to do comedy. Yes. It's Like, It, it's a little bit of a training wheel for doing comedy.


Also. Tremendous pressure even back then. But imagine like someone went up in Madison Square Garden, it was their first time on stage. Where do you go from there? You don't, you don't, the bombing was horrendous, but 16,000 people and rabid killed Tony fans in front of this amazing band now. And you got Dice clays there. Shane Gillis is there, mark. Nor, I mean, it's fucking all my favorites. Bananas. It was bananas. David tell I wish I was, it was incredible. I didn't even think to go, I was like, man, why didn't I go? All my friends were there. I saw Ari, I should talked to you about it. Yeah. You should have went it. It was fucking amazing. But I'm there. Right.


I'm there and I do kill Tony. And like, I just feel this freedom I haven't felt in a long time. Yeah. There's a shadow in the cave in Hollywood of, of cancel culture. And, and people are just afraid. I mean, they're just afraid and well, they're also afraid of not getting gigs. So the the, the problem with LA is that even the comics that were really good at one point in time, they started getting TV gigs. Yes. And then they backed off. They backed off what they did. And I felt that when I, when I, when I was on news radio, my fucking producer said this to me. He goes, why are you still doing comedy? You're an actor now. I was like, oh no. Yeah. It was my immediate thought was like, oh no.


Like I could get stuck here doing this. Yeah. I was just doing this for money. I was doing this because I couldn't believe someone would pay me $25,000 a week. I was like, what are you talking about? That's insanity. That is insane. I was like, oh my God, I'm a baller. I could, it is 1994. I was like, young Joe, this is crazy young Joe. I'm 26 years old and I'm making this insane amount of money. Like this is nuts. And So I went from that to this realization that this could be a trap. And I was like, oh no, I'm doubling down. I'm gonna get after it. I'm gonna really, really get after it with comedy. I'm wanna do the same kind of comedy. And I've thought about that during the Fear Factor days too. And I'm like, if I lose fear Factor because of comedy, so be it.


But I am not. I'm not, dude. That's why I love you. You're such a wordsmith. You love the art. I've always felt that from you. You've always loved the art. And I've always totally respected that in you Because you could have slide and I know you like, you fucking, like you take a pa a notepad and you write and you work those bits and you listen to yourself and you always, always like fine tune it. And that's why when you're special and you did live, which is fucking bananas. I loved it, dude. Thank you. I was so happy for you because I know how much time you put into it. Well it's also, doing it live is like scary. It's crazy, dude. Which is why I wanted to do it live. I was like, fuck it, let's do it live. It was great, dude. Let's do it like fucking Bill O'Reilly. It was fun. Fuck it. We'll do it live, bro.


It's so, it's so nuts because most people, people don't notice about specials is most people record multiple shows so they could edit it together. Yeah. So it, so they get the best representation Yeah. To go up there and like, like last night I did the smaller room in your club and there was a couple moments where I flubbed some words and I was like, don't, don't, don't crash the plane. Don't crash the plane. Stay in the pocket duty. You just flu a couple words. It's okay. And then you get, you write it. Yeah. And then you go, yeah. Like to do it live is crazy. But it, You know what, it made me realize that I could do more in regular comedy.


Like I could work more, I could work harder. You know, you remember the movie? No, mob, beta Blues. Yeah. I loved that movie. One of the things I loved about that movie was like the discipline that Denzel Washington's character had. Like his girlfriend's trying to fuck. He's like, no, no, no, I gotta practice. I gotta practice. I'm like, I don't even practice. I was thinking that like, I hardly practice. I hardly write. I think about that all the time. I write occasionally I would write back then, especially I write a lot more now, but I would write occasionally. I'd sit down and write. When I got ready for the special, I was writing every day and I was going over my bits every day. I was listening to them. I was writing them down. I was writing 'em out the day of the show. I respect. I'd done thousands of times, but I'd, I was writing them out the day of the show.


I was listening to recordings. I watched a film of the recording. I was like, I am gonna be dialed the fuck in. And then when I did it, I was like, why don't I do this all the time? Like, if I did that all the time, everything would be so much better. Do you have time, bro? How do you keep all this stuff going? I know I'm b like I got in yesterday and I wanted to text you, but I'm like, oh dude, he's so busy. I'm just gonna let him do his thing. I don't, my phone's constantly blowing up and I'm not even close to what, I don't know how you keep everything going and not Like It. It's, it's amazing to me because I'm constantly like on the verge of like, I'm just gonna fake my own death and disappear. Well, one day I'll probably disappear, but what I'm doing is exactly the amount I can do.


So I have it in a, a good situation. Right. So my situation is, I work out in the morning while my kids are at school. I come here, I do the podcast and then I do standup at night when everybody's going to bed. And that's what I did in LA too. Like a lot of those shows that I did, like Joe Rogan and Friends show I I did in the main room. I did 'em at 10 o'clock. And the reason I did it 10 o'clock is my kids are already in bed. Yep. So it's perfect. I, You know, have dinner, hang out with the family, go and then I write late at night. 'cause that's when I'm the most juicy when I come home from a show and my brain's fired up, You know, and I can sit in front of that computer and, and maybe I said one thing that I think could be something and then I'll just listen to that thing and I'll just start writing.


And I've gotten so much out of that. And it made me angry that I didn't do it more often because like some of the best bits that I've come up with over the last couple of years have all been stuff that I actually wrote. Not just ideas that came to me that I fleshed out on stage. And, and I've had some of those that became bangers. But the sitting down and writing things out and trying to get my perspective and some lines that were just, we lost a lot of people during Covid and most of them are still alive. I love that. I wrote that. I was like, that's exactly what it is. Yeah. That's, we lost those people. But that came outta writing a lot of these things that I was writing out, like that I took chunks of them and that became the bits. And I was like, goddammit, I gotta be more focused.


So doing that live special really lit a fire under my ass. It's so insane, dude. People have no clue how that hard that is. And anyone who's ever shot a special has to be like, that's insanity dude to do that because most people don't have the ability to do that. And I respect you and I've always done that Because you do have the discipline and You know, now that I've gotten sober, like that's what I work on is discipline. You know, the, like the getting into a routine of go and work out, get this done. And now be, I'm gonna be honest with you, I always was a stage writer. I mostly just wrote on stage, tagged it and could remember it and get the time, get the beats down in my head. But now that, like in November I'll be doing standup for 30 years, I don't even, most people are retiring from whatever they're doing at that time.


I still absolutely love standup comedy. So, but now I've kind of talked about all the things. I really used to get downloads, dude. Like, I would get downloads of jokes. Jokes would come to me fully formed and I would just go on stage and do them. Like I remember one day I'm, I'm asleep and I just wake up. I'm like the seven stages of grief of shitting your pants. Right. I just had the joke like right there. And it's like this I did on my special and it's a great bit, You know, but now I've kind of tapped into everything. Mm. And I, and I've taught, I heard Doug Stanhope talk about this one time Yeah. Where he is. Like, I talked about everything I cared about. Yeah. But You know what Doug told me, edibles changed all that for him.


I don't know. And I'm like, yeah, dude, that's the fucking, that's the steroids of comedy I'm thinking about. I I would love, I mean, I'm four, December 9th will be four years. I'm so thankful for my sobriety stay sober. I do, I do wanna microdose during juujitsu, but that's about it. That's the one thing, listen, you don't have to, you don't have to do drugs. You can, no, you can. I don't want to. You can stay on this path and be incredibly creative without drugs. It's just some people drugs are not good for No. Just like, some people shouldn't eat peanuts. Well it's like, it's, it is just my, the point is, is like now I'm sitting down and writing and I'm like, yes. Sitting down. And I, I I, I'll write, my goal is at night to do like 30 minutes of stretching, 30 minutes of writing and then 30 minutes of reading.


You know, that's, that's 30 more minutes than you would've done if you didn't. Yeah. You add that up, that's fucking hours in a week and you add that up to jokes, you're gonna have 10 minutes here, five minutes there. If you can get, you can do it. Get one good bit a week. That's about five minutes. By the end of the year, you, you you're gonna be, or like five good minutes a month. Yes. You just gotta get five good minutes a month, five good minutes, a month's. Amazing. And then you have a whole hour at the end of the year. Yeah. That's incredible. And then if you do that for two years, you can pull from 120 minutes down to a murder 60. Yeah. So that's what I'm working on now. But like, think about that. If you have five good minutes a month, you have 12 months out of the year, You know, you're gonna have 50 fucking minutes. Maybe, You know, when you trim it down, maybe a little less.


But that's pretty fucking good. That's pretty goddamn good. And, and I'm trying right now to really work on like taking my experiences and, and turn them into jokes instead of just doing observations, which is fine. But I'm trying to take experiences that I feel to make it as authentic as I can. Sure. To who I am. And, and You know, sometimes I could like, I could wander into some stuff where I'm like, I I, I'm sure somebody already said that, but I'm just like, You know what, it's authentic to me. Like I have this bit about, I almost do, I almost OD'ed on like a gas station boner pill one time. This is like a true story. Did you get it for red band? No. I, I was at just one day. I don't know why. I was at a gas station.


I saw the Rhino 55,000. I'm like, give it to me. And I was up for three days straight. Rock hard. And I'm like, I'm gonna die. What, what is in those fucking things? I don't know bro. I think there's steroids in those things. I don't, I I was up dude. And I had juujitsu in the morning. I'm like, this is not good. Probably meth, but I'm probably like, I'm sure somebody might have talked about this, but I don't care because this is my experience. Yeah. And I'm, I I am just gonna write about my experience. I'm sure people have, I mean, red bands talked about gas station boner pills forever. Forever. He was the fucking, the Guinea pig. He was, he would get the different ones. He'd be mad when the gas station ran out of them. Him. And he was telling me the scam, how what would happen is they would test these things.


They'd find out there's Viagra in 'em and a bunch of other shit. And so then they'd pull 'em off the market and then they would just come up with a new company name and then sell the same shit. Thank God. And it was like, instead of Rhino, it was Steel Rhino and Iron Rhino and Golden Rhino. But they're so powerful bro. But how crazy is that that it wasn a thing for a long time Was gas station boner pills? They're still there. Dude, I never touched them. I did. I thought about it. There was a couple of times I loved it. You know, couple of times. But I like the throttle dude. I was in a, a weak state of mind. I saw that stack there while I was buying a pack of gum. Like, huh, nope, I'm not gonna do it. You know what, I was scared. I was scared. I'd love it and I'd wanna do 'em all the time.


Because you don't also, you really were taking a risk. You didn't know what was in those. Yes. Let's find this out. How many people died from gas station boner pills? Because it's not zero s not zero. There has to be some guys that died. That has to suck. That has to suck. That has to be along right up there with the guy who died in Mr Hands. Like imagine going to that funeral too. That guy got fucked more than a hundred times before that one horse killed him. Isn't that crazy? It's gonna eventually gonna catch up with you. And the video of Mr. Hands, that's not even the one He died. He died in a different video. What? That video was successful. It wasn the good times. It wasn the good times. Good times bro. Yeah. When that horse nuts in his ass.


And you look at that thing going up in his body cavity and you're like, how, where does that go? Where's it going? That's, that's in his throat. That dick was my arm probably longer than my arm. It wasn, it wasn a giant dick. But apparently dudes are fisting and they're really getting up in there. That's another Instagram rabbit hole. I went down. What, how many guys on Hold on They Instagram? Yeah. They're showing that. No, no, they're talking about it. Oh, okay. Guys are talking about how far they get in there and how they couldn't believe it. Like until they met the right queen, they could really get in there. How many people have died from gas station? Bone pills? Let's guess I'm gonna say 1200. Really? Yeah. 1200 deaths. Gas station, bone pills, all time.


I'm gonna, I'm a be dollar only because I think that people are like, let's not, let's not tell him they died from a bone pill. So who's actually, who's actually probably Viagra. Probably Pfizer. Pfizer Probably say hey. Like don't take bad, take our shit. Yeah. Which is probably actually the smart thing to do. I'm gonna go 26 people. 26. 26. Did we find out Jamie, Jamie what we got? Just The information I'm getting is gonna be tough to get to. 'cause a, you'd probably die from a heart attack. So they're not gonna say it was, You know, the, the gas station borner pill that killed you. I found nothing that's linked anybody to death. Not that that's not true, but Also, I mean that's like Covid vaccines. What other drugs are, are you on? Oh, we, we found no one so crazy. People just died so crazy.


What other drugs are you on? If you're taking gas station boner pills enough to kill you also, You know? Right. You might be a wild boy. It's Not the only thing. You took A wild boy. I stumbled across something. I'm a wild boy. They call it gas station heroin. Have you heard of that? Well, I've heard that's what they call bone pills. No, no. There's another drug that they're warning you to stay off of called, they call it gas station heroin. It's a new one. I never even Heard of it, But yeah. So is that like bath salts? It's it list. Remember the bath salts thing? Oh yeah. It could be like that. But I don't know. I've never even heard of this. I don't know what it Looks like. John McAfee, the, the guy who invented antivirus software. Oh yeah. He was a wild one. He was cooking up his own meth. Allegedly. I say this with all due respect. Rest in peace. Rest in peace. He was a guest on the podcast one day, by the way. Great. When he was running from the law.


He was a guest on the podcast. He called in. It was fascinating conversation. But John McAfee allegedly had a, like a lab in his backyard. Like a very sophisticated lab. 'cause he's a genius and had an online forum that he was posting at detailing how he was making all this with photographs and showed the lab and everything. And then later I think they caught him that it was actually him. And he was saying, don't you understand parody? This is a joke. I don't do meth. Come on guys. But he seemed like he was doing meth. Dude. He wiped up a hooker. God bless him. He what? His, he wiped up a hooker. Yeah. It's this stuff. I've never heard of this product.


Recall announcement. Neptune Resources. Yep. Warning, don't take it. Okay. What is in it? I don't, it called the drug called Tianeptine. Huh? That's the, that's the why I was telling you it was a gas station. Tianeptine. Never Heard of it. It was in a list with crem and the back and gas station. Boner pills. Let's, oh, that's, find out whatever that, that cran stuff is fucking sketchy. Yeah, it it is like that pink cocaine where they're just like, it's just literally an everything bagel of drugs. Antidepressant. Oh, an antidepressant. Interesting. Sold under the brand names Tablon t ta ol and coaxial among others.


Atypical tricyclic antidepressant. Which uses mainly in the treatment of major depressive disorder. Although it may be used to treat anxiety, asthma, and irritable bowel syndrome. Oh, you're farting a lot. Have some heroin. Have some fucking gas station. Heroin. So this stuff, oh, it's an opioid agonist with opioid agonist effects. What does that mean for, for the elderly? Four to nine hours. Jesus Louise's. So people are just drinking this stuff and gas station gas stationed heroin. Here are eight things to know. God. This is a new thing. They have pills too described before it became available as gas station heroin tent.


Neptune Tianeptine was prescribed to treat depression in dozens of countries. Now US poison control centers are reporting a dramatic spike in cases involving it. A drug that isn't FDA approved and one that authorities warn, possess, possesses overdose and dependency risk. Well that crate stuff definitely has overdose. Yeah. And dependency issues. I have a buddy of mine who's in treatment. He's in recovery and he was taking creto and they were actually, they, they had this one company and it's in pills and he gives me some, so what does it do? It was years ago. It's great. It, You know, it's, it's great for pain relief and, and when you have it in low doses, it actually acts as a stimulant.


And in higher doses it does different things. And So I try, I was like, wow, this stuff's weird. This is interesting. What was the high? It's a weird high. It's interesting. But go fast. Go slow. It's not, it's not much. It's like, it's like a little pick me up for like a couple of pills. And so then I go, how he tells me he takes it before he works out. I go, how many do you take? He's like, I take 10. What? I go, you take 10. I go, okay, what's that? Like I'll try 10. So I take 10. What I was high as a kite. I was like, you are not in recovery. You are high. This isn't coffee. 'cause two was like a mild stimulant. I was like, oh this is interesting. 10 was like, but it was interesting because I didn't lose any motor control function.


So I worked out, when I took the 10 and I went and hit the bag, I was like that, that way I'll know like if my motor functions off. Not at all. Nothing was off. So hand-eye coordination was perfect. Everything was the same. No, it wasn't drunk. It wasn't high. Where you're like, oh man, I'm fucking high. It was like, what is this? Some completely different pathway but didn't affect my motor skills. Which I, I thought was really interesting. 'cause like I worked out to, but I was like, I am high as a kite. And I called him. I'm like, bro, you are not in recovery. I'm like, you are high. This is, yeah. That's so weird. You're so high. This is, so whatever that is. I don't know what the dose was with 10 of these fucking pills.


It was, I was really high. I did with that. I had I, somebody gave me a six zine. Is that Zi? Oh Zi. Yeah. They can get you. They gave me a six. I was drunk driving dude. I had to pull over, be like, just calm down. I like, 'cause they thought it'd be funny. I'm like, put in, I don't feel anything as I'm walking. I'm like, and that's interesting. You felt like you lost your motor control. Oh dude, I, I would, if everyone in in AA didn't do zines or Zs, I would say I relapsed. That's how, how like all over the place I felt when I took this thing. Well that's a big jump to jump brand with six A six. Yeah. Yeah, bro. Lucy have twelves and there's a, this is a, what is this one here? This might be an eight oh's.


A 12. Want 12? No, no. I mean, am I gonna get really Is it tobacco? Just tobacco? No, it's just nicotine. Straight nicotine. But here's the, there's a company called Pablo and they have a 50. Here's a 12. I'm gonna pop a 12 now. Let's go. You're gonna pop a 12. Let's fucking go. Dude. I'll be throwing up in the corner. I, I might get hiccups. I'm not gonna throw up. But there's a company called Pablo's that have a 50. Do you have a three or anything? No. No. Three. No. You don't have no pussy. Threes. I'm not pussy. No pussy threes. I might have threes. I got four. No, these are, these are threes. These are, this is a company called athletic nicotine. These are great. This is the perfect amount in my opinion to like to stimulate your mind like before writing and before you go on stage.


Should I do this right now or podcast? You tell me. No, you tell me. I'm not scared. Okay. So I not scared So I just end up drooling by the end of this you'll be fine. If you won't hate me you'll be fine. That drug I was looking up. T Neptune is also sold as a nootropic. So be very careful with that. Oh interesting. Antidepressive. It works in the Tropic. Same way when they were selling it in France, they said they didn't know how it worked. Antidepressant. 'cause it's not A-S-S-R-I. Ooh man. That's what I was like. Overdosing. It can be very bad. Hmm. And it's sold as a sodium. So like in tablet form too. Whoa. Be careful. Yeah, that sounds bad. Callan found out that that company that Kevin James recommended, You know that company, Trinity Gold?


Trinity Gold has acetaminophen in it and two other pain relievers that are banned. Yeah. Callan made a big video about it. 'cause he, he contacted me. So this is interesting. Kevin James told me about it. 'cause Chris Weidman told him about it. Chris Wyman, the UFC fighter said, I'm using this, it's great. My joints feel great and it's all natural. It's, oh shoot for joints. I need joint stuff. Yeah, don't not, don't take this stuff. Trinity Gold contains Scroll up So I can read that. Hidden drug ingredients. Food and drug Administration is advising consumers not to purchase or use Trinity Gold or product promoted and sold for joint and muscle pain. FDA laboratory analysis confirmed the trinity gold contains acetaminophen, dilo, diclofenac and phenyl butone.


So diclofenac and Phenyl butone are banned and they're fucking very dangerous. So here it is. Diclofenac is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory may cause decreased use of cardiovascular events such as, excuse me, increased risk of cardiovascular events such as heart attack and stroke. As well as serious gastrointestinal damage including bleeding, ulceration and fatal perforate perforation of perforation of the stomach and intestines. The hidden drug ingredients may also interact with other medications and significantly increase the risk of adverse events. Particularly when consumers use multiple non-steroidal anti-inflammatory containing products.


So Fen Butone but fem butone Phenyl Phenyl butone is another in non-steroidal anti-inflammatory. It wasn discontinued for human use in the United States due to the risk of serious and life-threatening injuries. Most serious and life-threatening injury associated with Phenyl butone treatment is bone marrow toxicity. Oh my God. Which occurs when the body does not produce enough red blood cells, white blood cells and or platelets. Certain types of bone marrow toxicity are reversible. However, in rare circumstances it can lead to death. And so why would you take this? So Chris Weidman was under the impression that all this stuff in this was natural.


He got it from this other guy, the guy who manufactures it and he's in business with this guy. So Chris is now doing independent studies on his own to try to send other versions of it to the lab. The guy apparently is saying that he thinks someone sabotaged his product by putting shit in it and then getting it to the FDA and having the FDA test it. But another possibility is that this guy is a piece of shit. Putting stuff in there that gets you resolved. So, so who knows? It'll be resolved. We will find out. But in the meantime, Kevin James who was taking it, I, You know, as soon as Brian text me, I text Kevin, I go, Hey, that stuff you're talking about, look, this is what's in there. He is like holy shit.


Damn. And I feel bad for fighters 'cause that probably happens more than we probably know. Where they take a supplement, they've been told it's fine. And then they, that does happen. And then they get popped for steroids or for, You know, some That's awful. Yeah, it's terrible. Especially when, You know, like Khalil Roundtree, it was DHEA, which isn't even a performance enhancing supplement. It's just a, it's just a natural supplement. And it, but it's banned. So he got popped for that and he turned himself in 'cause he turned, he found out that the substance was in a supplement that they were giving him. And he was like, Hey, fucking idiots. This shit's banned. That sucks. So he only got a temporary band. It was only a couple of months Because it was clear that A, it was not gonna have a performance enhancing effect.


And B he was very transparent and in fact he reported it. But there's a lot of guys who get popped because they'll buy some shit from, You know, GNC and they think it's, yeah. You know, oh, it's fucking Muscle builder. But meanwhile there's steroids in those things. It's crazy. I feel so bad for those guys. Well, when we were first making Alpha Brain, we were making it, You know, you, you have, what happens is you have a bunch of ingredients. You, you have a, a proprietary blend that is your, your supplement, whatever you're making. And so all these ingredients in Alpha Brain were shown to enhance cognitive function. And so we combined them, we did a bunch of different versions of it. Came up with one doubleblind placebo control tested at the Boston Center for Memory.


Finds out where we spent a lot of money to make sure this is legit right. But the company, it wasn making it Oh. Makes a bunch of other shit too. And so we started doing third party testing of our own product and we're finding vitamins in there and creatine shit that's not supposed to be in there. It wasn just in there because they didn't clean the vats. Yeah. So they're making steroids in one thing and then they're cleaning it out and then they're making gas station dick pills and the next one had to clean it out. They're not cleaning them. That's my girlfriend. She, Dana has a peanut allergy, so she can't even go anywhere near that stuff. And even if they cook, they can't cook it somewhere else else. 'cause you never know how clean the plate is or whatever they're cooking on that. The peanut allergy is so dangerous. They don't even let people eat peanuts on planes anymore.


'cause the dust from eating peanuts gets in the air and people can get sick. Dude, can you believe they used to, I remember when they allowed smoking on a plane. Oh yeah. Which is hilarious because that kinda gets into with the Covid stuff like, like the, the plane has the greatest air air filter system out there. So you could literally smoke in the front row and Like it didn't affect really far in the back. No, no, no, no, no, no. I remember being stuck in the back 'cause it wasn, the only place I can get a seat was in the smoking section back when people did smoke on planes. It was horrible. It wasn in the back. Yeah, it was in the back. The back was the smoking section where the toilet was. So you'd smell shit and cigarettes the entire flight. Yeah. No, that, that thing didn't work.


I mean maybe their ventilation systems weren't as good back then, But there was smoke everywhere back there Because you can get a photo of the smoking section on an airplane in like the 1980s. I remember I was playing the club called Riddles in Chicago, just outside. It's like, I forget what the city outside Chicago, but it was one of the last places that you could still smoke inside. Mm. And the stage was so high. So you would literally be like in the smoke. So here's people smoking on an airplane. That's so crazy, dude. Like when they always announced this is a non-smoking flight, like where are the smoking flights? I remember we'd get in planes even in the nineties and there were still ashtrays in them. Is that Elk Jones t Jones in the crowd.


Time traveler. I'm a fucking time traveler. That's Alex Jones's dad. Look at all these people smoking crazy smoking section of a plane. It looks fairly smoke free. They probably had some ventilation back then. So this is 84 in Miami. Is this when they were, this guy's smoking and they're interviewing him on the plane? Is this when they were trying to ban it? Yeah, probably. This looks like a conversation. I seem to be asking people about what they think. When did they ban it? When did they ban in-flight smoking? Hmm. Let's take a guess. I'm gonna say 94.


What do you say? Oh, I think it's way before that. 90, 87. Yeah. So seven years. Congressional action in 1987 led to a ban on in-flight smoking in 88. Airlines based United States ban smoking on domestic flights of less than two hours. So more than two hours you could smoke, which was extended to domestic flights of less than six hours in 1990. And to all domestic and international flights in 2000 international flights, 2000 pilots were allowed to continue smoking after the 1990 band due to concerns over potential flight safety issues caused by nicotine withdrawal in chronic smokers. Yo, due to prohibition of whatever they need to do to lay on the plane, I think give them, give 'em a fucking patch.


The US Federal Aviation Administration regulations mandate that functioning ashtrays be conspicuously located on the doors of all airplane bathrooms. This is because there must be a safe place to dispose of a lit cigarette if someone violates the no smoking rule. Ah, that's why they're there. 1990 Air Canada adopted non-smoking policy on all of its routes. 94 Canada was the first country to ban smoking on all flights operated by Canadian carriers, which also covered charter flights, but not foreign airlines flying to Canada. Wow. So basically two thousands and they wrapped it all up, which I'm happy about. Yeah. You still smoke in restaurants then.


Wow. I remember the Addison Improv used to still have smoking and we'd come from LA and in the early days, the Comedy store, they had smoking. That's crazy. In the nineties you could smoke indoors. And I remember Drew Carey of all people, Barney's Beery, they, they put a ban on smoking and all restaurants and bars in Los Angeles and Drew Carey was protesting it. And the idea was that That's nuts. I know. It's crazy. He was one of the people pro the idea was that like, you're gonna kill the business and you're gonna also freedom. Like people know that you could smoke there. If you don't wanna go to a place that's smokey, don't go there. Yeah. But the thing you have to think about is, but now you can smoke weed into there.


19 80, 98 reason smoking with Drew Carey Smoke. Yeah. I remember Drew Carey was like a outspoken guy about all this Is at that at Barney's. Right. And he's smoking, he's smoking at Barney's Beery. I guess he was a smoker. I didn't know he was a smoker. Yeah. But that makes sense. All the libertarian show up. But it's all, they were like, Hey, You know, we've always smoked. Don't take away our freedom. But the thing you have to take in consideration is waitresses and bartenders. Yes. Those people die from lung cancer because of secondhand smoke. 'cause secondhand, if you're only breathing in smoke, the whole place is all the time. Yeah. Do you remember that gig we did in Toronto? The the Oh yeah. The weed gig. Yeah. I call it gorillas in the mist Because you, you couldn't see anybody in the crowd.


Did you see image? Like, like just black figures moving dark, shady figures moving in this mist. The entire room was filled with weed smoke to the point where you literally could barely see Like you weren't breathing air. Yeah. You were breathing weed smoke. You were contact height the minute your foot hit the stage. Oh yeah. You were bonkers. Guys who didn't smoke pot would go there. Done. I don't think you were smoking pot at the time. No, no. Guys who didn't smoke pot would go there and be obliterated. Like by the time they did their set, they couldn't remember their jokes. They were confused and anxious and fucking scared. And Toronto's got a great comedy scene right now. I just did a gig up there and those, it reminded me a lot of your club dude, those kids don't care, bro. Really?


They'll say everything to anybody all the time. I'm like, how is this possible? Well, I think Canada is experiencing a lot of people that are rebelling against the, the tyrannical government. The government is so bad now and in Canada you can't post links to stories. So they've, they, they did it in a very sneaky way saying that these social media companies have to compensate the media outlets that have the thing. But the thing is, it's like a lot of them are just links. You can't even post a link to a story in the New York Times. How is anybody okay with that? How are, how are people in the far far left right? The progressive left, which is like the last, I'd say like 10% of the population.


Right? Right. How, how are they okay with, with information being censored? Like why would you even, no matter what your stance is, I think they wouldn't want the data in a sneaky way. They did it in a sneaky way saying that this is financially unfair to these media corporations who are suffering. I mean that is true. Like there's the reason why they have to make these horrible click bait ads. And the reason why editors put click bait stories and headlines is because they just need people to click on the links. They're fucking starving. They're all going under the LA Times just fired a bunch of people. People like newspapers are barely hanging in. So my question to you is like, you don't think it has anything to do with censoring information? It does for sure.


This was my point. My point was the premise of it seemed reasonable. More people need to go to Canada Times, wherever the fuck it is to get their their information. They shouldn't be going to Twitter or Facebook. And so to, to make people go to these websites to get their news. We're gonna stop all of the the, the ability to take these things and post them. But what you're really doing is you're stopping awareness. Yes. Because people aren't gonna be able to filter out all you, like back in the day when we would just read newspapers, you had to be a fucking real nut to get into the Kennedy assassination, right? Yeah. You gotta be a real nut. You had to be reading books.


Yes. You had a really get into, you had to be meeting in basements to have conversations. Somebody had tell you about it and you went and got the book. Yes. And you didn't get anything from the internet. There was nothing. There was no internet. So it didn't exist. So you would have to get a physical newspaper to read it. And most people only read the stuff in the beginning of the sports page. So you read the first couple of pages, see if you're gonna die, are we gonna die? What's going on in Saudi Arabia? Yep. What's going on in Yemen? And then once you get past that, you get to the sports and you read the comics or whatever and it wasn why we were so uninformed. We were grossly uninformed because most people, we were naive. Right. Very. And now you, most of the news I get is from links.


Most of the news I get is you'll send me a link, someone will, Alex Jones will send me something. Someone will send me something. You know, Michael Malice will send me something. I get, I get stuff from Dave Smith. I get stuff great resources. Yeah. I get stuff from people sending me something and then I go to Twitter and I find things and I send it to them. Twitter's great. And I'll send each other stuff. And this has greatly increased people's awareness of things like this, this fucking martial law bill that they passed through. Who fucking would've known about that? Who would've known that the government made a decision to make lethal force from the military something they can use on citizens that are Protesting? I'm trying to come back in. There's a long story about how this has maybe been misinterpreted over the last few weeks online.


This is a report. Oh, this is the, this is the Marshall Law thing. It's been a thing, I guess originally since 2007. It was taken down offline for a while then reposted. And that's why they're saying that this is, they call that a data Void. Well it says a reissued Department of defense directive that documents procedures around when there is potential use of lethal force against Americans. Subset of these rumors, alleged directive to be suspiciously timed with the coming election. Yeah. Kind of myriad and evolving rumors rely upon speculation about the motivations behind the changes to the DOD directive and perceive differences between this new document and existing documents.


This sounds a little bit like they're trying to minimize this course. I Mean, it goes to the timeline of when the first, when this, this is exactly what I was trying to Say. Right. But the bottom line is this is for the first time in history where they have pushed this directive And it, it is happening during an election. And it, It is a thing where they're now saying, you can use lethal force on protestors. So all these things you're trying to gaslight people into thinking this is not a big deal. This is a gigantic deal. This is a huge deal. And like this kind of fits into my whole belief about what the, the alleged kidnapping of the, the, the Michigan governor, which turned out to be a bunch of just FBI informants.


I saw the funniest meme. And Ari was like, what is this me? The Spiderman one? Oh yeah. Fed, fed, fed some autistic. Fuck. Right, right. It was so funny. And then you get into, so they took that guy who's running that FBI program and moved him over to January 6th and he was in charge of that. Yes. So it's like, I, I personally believe you, you go, Sam, what do you think that's all about? I think those two events were to try to drum up support for a a a for the Homeland security opening up a Department of domestic terrorism in which they can label a US citizen, a domestic terrorist, which means all your civil rights go away. Right. Right. And that's a big movement right now within the government to be able to take away your civil rights.


Which if there are domestic terrorists, we should have a movement to stop domestic terrorism. But when you have agent provocateurs who in infiltrate these organizations and then turn them into terrorist organizations so that they can go in and shut these protest organizations down, that's when things get dirty. And that seems like that's what happened during January, January, January 6th. Or even pushing the, in the, the, the whatever event they want to happen. Right. Kind of convincing, Hey guys, you may, may, maybe we should go try to do this. Yes. This governor's causing some crazy 12 out of the 14 people That's so crazy. We're working with the FBI 12 out of 14, these two losers who got roped into it. And then there's that kid who, the 19-year-old kid who they talked into detonating that fake bomb.


You know that kid? Yeah. You know that I think, I believe it wasn in Dallas. So they take this young stupid kid and they fucking radicalize him and then they give him a cell phone and tell him, press these buttons and that bomb will Gopuff. They give him the fake bomb. Bomb doesn't work. He does it. And they're like, we got you. Yeah. Like with you is your idea. Yeah. 100%. Do you guys remember that really weird case that happened either, either Utah or New Mexico where they found that compound and then they were like, they basically discovered that according to the guy running the compound that they were training school shooters. What? Yeah. No. Yes. And then the case just got dismissed and sent away. And it's the weirdest thing I've ever seen in my life, dude.


That they were training school shooters here. What was this? How long ago was this? This was like a couple years ago. Like three or four years ago. So this place was train New Mexico. Compound suspects were training children for school shootings. Prosecutors say 2018. What? And then they just dismissed the case or the case just went away. The five suspects accused of abusing 11 children at a New Mexico compound were training them to commit school shootings. Prosecutor said Wednesday the defendants were to be released from custody. The substantial likelihood defendant may commit new crimes due to his planning and preparation for future school shootings. The court documents said the filings did not provide further details about the alleged training.


The makeshift compound appeared to have a shooting range on the property and loaded firearms were found on the property authority said a foster parent. And one of the children's also said the defendant had trained the child in the use of assault rifle in preparation for future school shootings. Whoa. And so what happened with this? The case gets like either dismissed or something like that. It's really weird. It's really weird. But if you get into, wait a minute. An m mom was a part of this. Scroll up a little bit. W's Father Imam Sarj.


Wahhaj. How do you say that? Wahhaj Dude, if you controversial. Can't say it. I can't say it. New York Imam has said he has no knowledge of the alleged training. Said spokesperson spokesman Imam Al Hodge. Taleb. Abdur Rashid. Oh man. Imam was the first Muslim to offer an opening prayer before the US House of Representatives. Oh, how convenient. The Muslim alliance in norther. Oops. No thanks. The Muslim alliance in North America said is also a character witness for a convicted 1993 World Trade Center bombing Mastermind Omar Abdel Rahman. Jesus Christ.


This is what I'm telling you, dude. Everything is an intelligence trick, dude. Well, there's certainly a lot of intelligence tricks and that's, that's something that people are super reluctant to admit to despite the overwhelming amount of evidence. But if you go, How are you doing with that three? You all right? I took it out already. You took it out. Yeah, it was good. And it was much better. Mild. It's mild. I can handle, I Like It because I wanna do it. I like this stuff. It sparks you up a little bit. Yeah, I Like It. I smoke a little cigar every now and then. Mm. Here and there. My brother loves cigars and my grandfather loves cigars. I just never got into it. The only time I ever smoked anything was if I was at a bar and a hot chick started smoking cigarettes.


That's, that would be my in. Oh yeah. Hey, got a cig and then I would just start slinging. Right. But, but I never really got into slinging game. Yeah, slinging game. Yeah. Cigarettes are a wild one. 'cause if someone's willing to smoke cigarettes, they're probably willing to do a lot of wild things. Yeah. It is weird. Just like a thing about, but it is the one thing that turn I, I'm not into, I like women could almost do anything. And I find it hot smoking is like one I'm just not into it's bad choices. Federal judge, federal jury convicts for New Mexico compound defendants in connection with kidnapping and terrorism plot. Is this the same one? Wow. Kidnapping and terrorism. Oh yeah. It is according to evidence. Pre pre presented at trial and other publicity available court records or publicly available court records.


In December, Sarraj Waha unlawfully abducted his three-year-old son from his wife in Alabama. Le Laville Levit Ville Laville. I I I think that sounds right. And the defendants had formed the belief that the child was her son and was possessed by demons. The group took the child to New Mexico, depriving him of his medication and the loving care of his mother, and subjected him to an exhausting regimen of daily spiritual exorcisms. Some kid, the child died fewer than two weeks after arriving New Mexico before investigators say any know. So this is a lot of wild shit going on over this place. Armed 11 firearms, including AR 15 bushmaster assault rifle, high capacity magazines, and hundreds of rounds of ammunition.


The group conducted weapons and tactical training and required some of the children to do so as well. The group conducted the training with the intent to face the nation and kill those who refused to believe as they did. They spoke of waging jihad and becoming martyrs. Oh, fun. I wonder how many of them have snuck in through the border kids. These poor kids, man. Born into a world of shit. Oh yeah, man. Sucks man. Oh yeah. We won the lottery dude. We won the lottery. Yeah, we certainly did. It's crazy to me, dude. It is crazy. And this is just like, but You know, this is my whole thing. I always, You know, going back to the lizard people stuff at the beginning was like, if, if there wasn't this apex predator class, like out there manipulating energy and manipulating people, like how much chaos would be happening in the world, You know?


Right. There always seems to be like, if you dig deeper, okay, there's an intelligence agent somewhere involved in that. And well, whenever you have money, that's, I mean, this is back from war as a racket. The Smedley butler thing that he wrote in the 1930s. This is a guy who was a famous general, and after it was all over, he realized, like his entire, all his years of service, well they, they approached him to, to do assassination and he said, no, I won't do it. Like corporations wanted to assassinate, I think it was FDR I'm not quite sure which the president was, but they approached him about basically doing a banker coup on the government. And he said he wouldn't do it.


Jesus Christ. How crazy is that? There's been a few of those organized over the years, which is fucking terrifying. But this is just like what happens whenever people are in power, especially unchecked power. And You know, this whole term, the deep state, people wanna think of that as conspiracy theory. Okay? You have elected officials. Elected officials have to get elected, but the people that run intelligence agencies don't have to get elected. And they have massive access to money and power and power and they don't wanna leave that position. The business plot called the Wall Street Push put, how do you say that? Put P-T-S-C-H push whatever you, you attempt is good to me.


Okay. The white out political conspiracy in 1933 in the United States to overthrow the government President Franklin d Ro Roosevelt. Yeah. And install Smedley Butler as dictator butler. Retired Marine Corps major general testified under oath that wealthy businessmen were plotting to create a fascist veterans organization with him as its leader and use it as a kta to overthrow Roosevelt. In 1934, Butler testified under oath before the United States House of Representatives special committee on un-American activities, the McCormick Dickinson's Dickstein Dickstein. What an unfortunate name committee on these revelations, although no one was prosecuted.


The congressional committee final report said, There is no question that these attempts were discussed were planned and might have been placed in execution when and if the financial backers deemed it expedient. Holy fuck man. Holy fuck. Right? Yeah. And it's so crazy to me be like, just hearing that is like, if you actually study FDR, like he very much was a Wall Street puppet. Like he very much was in there doing their bidding and he had a lot like all this crazy stuff with Pearl Harbor connections to Hitler, all this crazy stuff that people never hear about.


And it's, it's, it's super interesting to me that when he's seen as a puppet of Wall Street, they're also trying to take 'em out. And also if you think back then there was no access to information. So they could do all this stuff like the assassination of Kennedy, they could do all this stuff and completely cover it up. There was no one had a chance. No one had a chance. And anybody who opened their mouth was dead. Anybody that opened their mouth wind up dying in suspicious circumstances. Well, yeah. So I just did an episode with a guy, he's called the Dark Journalist. That's the way he goes by. And he mind blown, he was telling me like, yeah, all the people that you think were involved in, in the assassination of JFK, they were involved.


The intelligence agency, multiple intelligence agencies, the, You know, the, the, the, the Federal Reserve all, You know, a bunch of people, one of the groups they, that I never heard of was basically this, the, the, the space program. Like the people who ran the space program of that time were involved in it because, 'cause Kennedy wanted to share all the information they had on like UFOs and technologies with the Russians because he didn't want the Russians to think if they saw something weird in the sky. It was the, the US and like some kind of weird nuclear weapon.


Really? Yeah. So, and you think about back then, who was involved in the Space station? Say with me, Nazis who were brought over, You know, we discussed last time was our show Operation Paperclip. Yeah. I don't think the Nazis lost. I think they just Crip walked over here and set up. Well they definitely lost, but we took all the good ones that were engineers and scientists, but I don't, and Russia took the other ones. The only pushback I have on that dude is that if you're like, if it's some kind of thing where we're sneaking 'em over, they're bringing 'em over. Like nobody changes their names. Like everybody, well they didn't have to sneak 'em over. They were brought under the protection of the United States government and no one could know if they were Nazis, there was no information. Yeah. But it, wasn Bra had his name and he was like on trial.


Everyone's like, we got this Nazi over here. The Simon Weal, Simon Wiesenthal Center said that if von Braun was alive today, they would charge him with crimes against humanity. Yeah. They hung the five slowest Jews in their rocket factory in Berlin to motivate people to work harder. It's so crazy. So they were all Nazis. So, so if you think about the Nazis hated the Russians and he wanted to share all this information with the Russians and they did not like that at all. And here's the craziest thing I always like, oh, what do I wanna tell Joe? Here's the craziest thing. I've had people on my show talking about this. Like there is a belief out there that the head, the head of the, the, the power pyramid of intelligence agencies is nasa.


Because if you think about this, it's the one thing that everybody wants to work together on. Like we're possibly in some, we're having this weird kind of nuclear standoff with Russians, but somehow some way we're all working on a space station together. That and Antarctica are the two things where everyone like puts their differences aside. We're like, let's all work together. And it's like there is this real belief that the head of the snake of the intelligence agencies, which is, which is like Masad, C-I-A-M-I six is NASA Space station is the NASA organization, space administration. Yeah. The thing that would make that plausible is if the knowledge of alien life is absolute, absolute real and they have to protect that information Yeah.


From getting out. Yeah. I mean it's interesting to me because it's the one thing everybody works on, even on Antarctica's. Like they're all in on this treaty and then everyone's claiming a piece of Antarctica and they all just work together even though they don't want to get, even though they may not get along in every, what do you, what do you think about all that talk of direct energy weapons in Antarctica and all that shit? Okay, here we go. Look at he had to take a breath 100%. Like, You know, Sam, who runs the world? Who runs the world? Sam, hand to God, sorcerers. Okay. And I'm not even kidding. And it's sorcerers run the world. We're battering sorcery. And at the highest levels all the, this is my honest opinion, all the new tech, next generation weaponry is just hardwired mysticism, dude.


It's like they've been working on this shit for years and years and years and like, not just like years. We're talking centuries if not thousands of years. And you take a look at weather manipulation, direct energy, weapons, this reading my my mind, they can wipe your your your whole mind of like thoughts. It's all sorcery. Dude. We are literally in a time where like h Holly Berry's character in Marvel universe that we're doing that stuff, Dr. Strange stuff. I mean we're doing all that stuff that we think is amazing in Marvel comics. Our government has that technology. What, what Elon Musk puts out these, these robots, they're like, Hey, How are you doing? I think that's the flip phone of robots right now.


What DARPA has is 40, 50 years in the future. Well we could see what they're working on. So the thing about DARPA is darpa like Boston Dynamics, Boston Dynamics publicly traded company. Yeah. And they, they is it, I think it is. They'll they, but the thing is they show all their innovations and they show all the, the new stuff they're working on, but the stuff that they're working on keeps getting better and better. Yeah. And better to the point where like, when are they gonna stop showing us? Because like they have, they have I think robots that do like those ninja courses now. Yeah. Have you seen those? Yeah, they do back flips. They can run like cheetahs. Yeah. I think that's a slow rollout. So we get used to it. I think what the DARPA has the real stuff is way beyond that.


And they slow roll it out to us over time. I believe that there stuff is, that's what I believe most of the UFO stuff is. Yeah. 100. Like, You know, you look at area 51, they're like, oh look at this. It's this crazy base that's not even the base. Right. That, that is the smoke screen. Well, area S four is everybody Is that Big mountain. Yeah. That's where Bob Lazar claims he was working on back engineering, the flying saucers. I just heard the craziest thing about Bob Lazar. What'd you hear? Like he got busted running a hooker. Fucking uhoh. A brothel. Yeah. I think he did. Isn't that crazy? Yeah. That's a wild boy living in Vegas. He's a wild boy. Well also he, this is the guy that put a jet engine in the back of his Honda. You know, he was kind of a crazy person before.


I mean, he was a young man. That's why they brought him over, allegedly to area S four in the first place. 'cause like they, the way science is supposed to work is you get a bunch of people and they collaborate on something and you, you write papers so that other scientists can review it and find out if it's correct. Yeah. Yeah. The way they were doing it, everything was com compartmentalized Because it was so top secret they couldn't let other science doing it and other scientists work on it. And so because of that, they weren't making any progress. So what they would have to do is bring in completely new scientists every few years with new eyes, with new eyes and go, what do you think of this? And they didn't even tell them what it is. When Lazar said I had dinner with Lazar, he's very compelling. Me and Andrew Schultz had dinner with Lazar and Jeremy Corbell and Lazar is very compelling.


And what, what he essentially was saying was that when he got there, they showed him this thing And it had an American flag sticker on it. And he was like, oh, that makes sense. It's ours. So this thing that people keep seeing Yes. Is one of ours. And then as he starts examining this thing, he realize like, this doesn't have any seams. Like this thing is like 3D printed of, of some unknown alloy. There's no controls inside of it. Yeah. It's designed for something that's like three feet tall, like what the fuck is going on? And then there's some reactor in there that has an element that's a completely theoretical element in a stable form that the bombarding with radiation that, that manipulates gravity. Yeah. And so he's, they're trying, they're telling him like, tell us how this works.


It's like, what? So what's that called when you'd go back? Back engineering. Back engineering. Yeah. Yeah. So it wasn what his job was, back engineering it. But when he was doing this, he was on a completely top secret level of information to the point where when you're at that level, they have to monitor every, they bug your house, they monitor your phone. Yeah. Calls, everything. So he couldn't even tell his wife what he was doing. So the way it works is they fly you out of Vegas and so they give you a call, 11:00 PM go to Vegas, go to go to the airport, you gotta go. So he tell his wife, I gotta go to work. She's like, what? You have to go to work at 11 o'clock at night? What are you doing? She's like, I gotta go to work. And so she was like, fuck this dude, he's cheating on me.


I'm gonna cheat. So she starts banging her flight, her flight instructor, she's taking flight lessons. She bangs, she starts banging this guy. And so, because Lazar would be in emotionally unstable position, if his wife is having an affair, he loses his top secret clearance and they have to relieve him. He can't work there anymore. So then he starts, he's tell telling his friends now he's like, you, you can't believe what I've been working on. I wanna show you. And every Wednesday they had this area where you can go to this plateau and you could look out at area S four and you could see in the sky them piloting these crafts. So he goes there with his friends on multiple occasions and gets arrested. And once he gets arrested, then he realize, oh my, they come, they might fucking kill me.


Yeah. I'm going to come clean and I'm gonna tell my story. So then he contacts George Knapp, who's an investigative journalist out of Las Vegas. And the first ones that he does, the first interview he does, he's got his face blacked out. You can't see him. And then he's like, You know what, to save my life, I I probably should be like full public with this. It might be the only way they don't fucking kill me. So they were threatening him and You know, very myster breaking into his house. Very creepy, mysterious shit. So then he tells the whole story hasn't varied from that story at all in more than 30 years. What do you think of disclosure? Do you think there's some bad agents in it? I think, and I think this sometimes when people come in and talk to me about it, I think they probably use people like me as a mouthpiece to spread bullshit.


Bill Cooper thought that he thought that they gave him documents. So he would go out and tell people. Yeah, I bet they do. That's the best way to hide something. The way you hide something is you connect it with a bunch of stupid shit. Like you connect it to Bigfoot, you connect it to like, You know, skin walker ranch. You, you, you make it seem kooky and then people just dismiss it. Yeah. They dismiss all of it. And I think that's the best way to hide a drone program. Best way to hide a drone program is say, You know, we are in possession of things that are not of this world. Yes. Like wow, really? Yes. And there's these top secret organizations and they want to stay top secret. But have you, as you notice with all this disclosure, nothing really gets out. It's just talk.


Yes. And so this is what gives me like the, all my spidey senses. Gopuff. Like, I've smelled bullshit. Nothing's really happening. Right, right. Nothing's happening. And Jeremy Corbell's convinced that new disclosures are right around the corner. 'cause he's balls deep in this stuff. Yeah. I'm like, okay, maybe, maybe. But I'm not seeing anything. What I'm seeing is a bunch of people talking about these things and that doesn't mean anything to me. They're interesting. I'll keep having them. Come on, I'll keep talking to people. It's interesting. Do you think they give people information hoping they'll put it out? 100%. I think there's also people that are still in the government that say they're whistleblowers and they go out and they spread false, false information. I I have a friend of mine, his name Trevor. He, he told a story on my show about his dad worked at this like institute in Chicago and his dad was just like a, a, a handyman at the place.


He'd fix stuff. Right. And well, one day he gets a call to a level that he's never been before and he, he goes, okay, I'm going down. So he goes all the way down, he gets in, it's like a weird, weird, like just a weird floor. It's like weird energy. He starts walking down the hall, he looks in, there's like animal experiments going on. His dad tells him this and his dad tells him this way later on. Like, he doesn't have much time left in his life at this point. So he tells him this story and it's, he said, he says he sees some weird stuff with like monkeys going on a weird thing with a horse in, in this thing. So he keeps walking, he's like, what is going on here? And he goes Far enough, right? And he sees this, there's just this room with this giant craft and he's like in awe of his craft.


And he, and he, Trevor's dad tells him, I see something in there and it's like gray. I don't know what it is. And then all of a sudden this tiny green thing is like walking on the outside of this craft. And he goes, what the fuck is that? Suddenly bang guns are on him. It's security. What are you doing here? He's like, I've just worked here. I was sent down here to, to just fix something. They're like, get outta here. And like what are we gonna do with him? So he says that he has to agree never to tell anybody anything, right? But as his dad, his dad tells, tells Trevor every time he travels, he'll go to a random country somewhere. He'll get pulled in security, he gets put in a room and these men in black come out and sit down and go, did you tell anybody?


Did you tell anybody? And he's like, I haven't told anybody anything. And this would happen to him multiple times. And Trevor said, his dad's not that creative. Never, never would come up with crazy stuff like this. Told him towards the end of his life when it was coming to an end. So my question is, do they have him come down hoping that he's, he will, he'll start talking about this with people because part of this probably not. You know, if it's real, it's probably incompetence. It's probably some incompetent person told them to go down there. Some arrogant, incompetent person that thought they had complete control over the scenario and they needed someone to go down there and do something. Just send him down there. So maybe they trusted him. Maybe. But it's also like, because if, if he's working on anything top secret, they're listening to all his phone calls, they probably, well he wasn't, he was like wor he was like a maintenance guy that worked upstairs.


Well guarantee after that they listened to all his, his phone calls. Well, well they knew where he'd traveling. They show up with these men in black. Well they probably listened to everything he did too, just to make sure that he wasn't flapping his gums. So this whole thing with the men in black too, this, there's this belief right now that maybe it's like, Because you see videos of them walking through walls and all that. They're just what? They're just astro projections videos where like, have you ever seen videos where men in black just kind of show up anywhere, walk through a wall? No. Where you getting these videos? Dude, the streets dog. The street. Oh, the streets. The streets. Twitter. I mean I get sent all this stuff. They might be bullshit. It's possible. Yeah. Or, or they're, it's like, well if you were gonna be an alien and you were gonna blend in with human beings, dressing up in a suit would be the best way to do it.


Be a person in a suit, wear sunglasses so they don't see your eyes and just, You know, move around like a normal person. If you can come here from another planet, you don't think you could disguise yourself as a different life form possibly. Of course. Do you think aliens are from other plants? I think they might be angels and demons. I'm not opposed to that idea. I I I think there's probably, well there's definitely dimensions that we don't like. Brian Cox was here yesterday, as I was saying, and he was trying to explain to me quantum computing Oh. And how, how quickly quantum computing works like that. A problem that would literally take the entire amount of time that the earth has existed to solve what by a regular computer can be solved in a second by a quantum computer.


And this quantum computer is literally somehow or another accessing other universes to come to its conclusion to do these calculations. It's not, it's not only operating in this universe, it's operating in other dimensions simultaneously. And instantaneously the way he said it, it was like, and by the way, this is Brian Cox who's like, You know, like a serious physicist. Yeah. You know, he's a professor. One of the smart ones. He's a genius. Yeah. And, and he's literally explaining the mechanisms of quantum computing and explaining that quantum computing, even though they can't even figure out how to program it yet, is already showing that wormholes are possible.


That's so crazy to me. So there's wormholes are being used somehow in the quantum computing process. Yeah. Again, I'm sure I'm butchering this. Brian, if you're listening, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Butcher your words. One of my favorite things to do on YouTube, I go down weird rabbit holes. Like, I like to watch weird shit on YouTube. I love watching black people get their hair cut. I fucking love that shit. I don't know why. Okay. It's just entertaining. But one of my favorite things to do is watch a long form math. Oh boy. Yeah. I don't know why. 'cause it's, I'm like, I, let's, so you're watching an alien language. Yeah. So like I watched this one video where it was like 17 lines of math and then they get to the conclusion and all I wrote was I've, I've never done this in my real life, ever in my life.


I've never had to use any of this stuff. 'cause it's so smart. Right. And I love to just like be like, this isn't how I use it in real life. It's not. Well all that is rudimentary in comparison to this quantum computing idea. And the quantum, what's fascinating about the quantum computing idea is that if, if there are is this theory of many worlds. So if this theory is accurate and there are an infinite number of universes would say that it's entirely within the realm of possibility. If you think of that being a real thing, that's something can transport itself from those other dimensions to where we are. So it might not be a metal craft that comes from Venus. It might not be something so simple like that's probably too simple for our little, our stupid little minds might put it into that category.


Right. And also that might how they present themselves to us to make themselves seem at least tangible. Yeah. Instead of what they really are, which is probably outside of our ability to grasp our understanding. Yeah. Our minds can't do that. So whatever these things are, I bet they're from multiple sources. I bet there are actual physical things that come from somewhere. But do they come from other planets? Do they come from other dimensions? Is it both? Are some of 'em interstellar travelers and some of them interdimensional travelers? Maybe. I mean, I think we're basically ants we're these like very rudimentary things that as far as we know we're the most complex thing in the universe.


And I think if you scale that, this is one of the things that Brian and I were talking about, that if you take artificial intelligence and quantum computing and you imagine a sentient life form that relies on quantum computing instead of regular And it has access to like nuclear power plants to power it. You essentially create a God. You get to the point where something is so crazy, so powerful that it literally can control all the elements in the known universe and then other have access to other universes. And that this, this might be what we're dealing with and we might be dealing with these beings that have always been here and they come and go and they observe or they intervene. Or one of the things Lazar talked about, one of the most bizarre things he found, he said they had this very thick document, it wasn all about religion and that essentially what these life forms use us as is containers.


And he didn't understand what, what that meant by that. Like what, what is, and like containers for what he's like, I don't know, but they think of us as containers. And you would think maybe containers for souls if the soul's a real thing. And look, the concept of the soul has existed forever. Very unusual for the concept of something to exist for a long time with no basis in reality. You know, that's why I'm interested in dragons. Like why is every civilization, why do they all have dragons? They mentioned dragons in the Bible bunch of times, right? They don't mention dinosaurs. Well I think because people weren't alive when dinosaurs were alive. But I bet they were alive when dragons were alive. I bet dragons were a real thing.


And in fact, forest galante, who's a wildlife biologist, believes that there's a real possibility that dragons were an actual animal. But that if you have an animal that has bones that are similar like bird bones and something that, You know, we like, how many of 'em would you find? What would you find that's left of that? You know, most things don't fossilize. I think dinosaurs are dragons. That's what I think they were. Well I mean it's possible that there was some form of look birds survived this impact in, in the Yucatan whatever killed the dinosaurs did not kill chickens. Alright. 'cause chickens are literal dinosaurs. Yeah, they're literal dinosaurs, You know, and if you've ever seen a chicken eat a mouse, it's fucking wild.


They're the most ruthless, ferocious little animals. Raptors, birds, those are all D eagles. American eagles. A goddamn dinosaur. And that's what it is. They're dinosaurs that lived. And in fact, some of the more recent models of what dinosaurs looked like, they've updated to had feathers. When I was in, what is that? I just saw this earlier today. Dinosaur dinosaurs preserved tail and amber. So look at that. Feathers. Feathers in a dinosaur's tail. So there's a museum in Bozeman, Montana, and this museum has one side of this raptor. They have a velociraptor, and on one side of it they have, it's like a real size velociraptor.


And on one size they have it with like dinosaur skin. Like we like to think of it. But the other side, they have this theoretical version of it that's covered in, in feathers. And that's probably what dinosaurs had. So dinosaurs died during the impact, but not all of 'em. The birds lived and they're just smaller. The one there was no food. Okay. So like a big tyrannosaurs wreck. There's nothing you're gonna starve to death. Those things died off. But the little ones lived. And it's so possible that something that flew like a pterodactyl. Like we think of pterodactyls as being like batwings. Yes. Maybe they had feathers. Yeah. Maybe it wasn a gigantic fucking predatory bird.


And maybe some of those fucking things look like dragons. You know, maybe, maybe the, the images that think of all these different cultures. Ancient medieval, Europe, China, Japan. Oh yeah, China for sure. All of them had dragons. You're the dragon. There's so many dragons. Like It might have been a real thing. And I think most of them didn't have dragons that spit fire either. I think it wasn like a fucking Hollywood movie Godzilla type deal. But do you think the alligator is a a a a dinosaurs predates the dinosaurs, crocodiles, crocodilian species predate dinosaurs. Really? Yeah. Looks, looks the what's the Yeah, there was, there was crocodiles and crocodile species.


Enormous ones by the way that predated the dinosaur. And I think modern alligators, they go back, they go back. Really? You know, sharks predate trees. Really predate trees. There was sharks on earth before there were trees. Maybe we were all underwater for a long time. Well, life definitely existed underwater. A long ass fucking times. S are older than trees also. Jesus Christ. Damn. That's crazy. Yeah. So those are dinosaurs. When you see a a, a giant Nile crocodile, those are fucking dinosaurs. That's that's a type of reptile. They scare me. They should, I, I dr. You know, I'll be in Florida, we'll be driving those show, they'll be like a dead crocodile.


Ran the side road. I'm Like, it mostly in Florida. They're all the same to me. They, they scare the shit out of me, dude. They should, they should. They're fucking people walk in their dogs and they just come up and grab 'em and then the guy jumps in there and like tries to save the dog. Like, bro, Florida people don't give a fuck. Yeah, they're not that wise. That's one of the crazy stories I heard This guy was running from the cops, gets to a bridge, jumps off the bridge right onto an alligator. Alligator eats them. No. Right in front of the cops. Well how about that guy who tried to save the shark? Do you see that video? What? Where he tries to save the shark on the beach and he drags it in and the shark just turns around and kills him. Oh God. You can watch that video if you want to see it, dude. Oh god, I don't wanna watch that. Yeah, dude, that one video in Egypt where they're at a resort and this kid is swimming and he is screaming for his father as he's getting slaughtered.


Oh no, I can't watch that. Oh, he's screaming Papa. Papa. He's just getting fucking murdered by the shark. Whoa, whoa. You see his legs go up in the air, see the water turned red. He still tries to scream. Yeah. Fuck sharks. What would you do if it wasn your kid? What can you do? You can't help them. There's nothing you can do. The kid's hundreds of yards into the water. Oh yeah. By the time you get there he is already dead. Yeah. And you're gonna be dead too. Most likely. It's a feeding frenzy at this point. Oh, you go out there, it's a suicide mission. You can't, you just have to live with a nightmare for the rest of your life. Shit. What's that Jamie? What do you got? No, this isn't good. What are you Holy shitting a shark guy. Oh, don't watch it. Don't watch it.


Don't. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I don't wanna see this guy get killed. Or how about that kid that jumped off his cruise into the water And it was shark filled? Oh god damn. It's like, what are you doing? Whatcha doing? Well. There's a reason why, You know Darwinism. Yeah. Sadly. Natural selection. The people that have stupid ideas, they don't make it. And that's always been the case. It's getting crazy. It's just the was the world always crazy And it just, yeah. And, and just the social media has allowed us to see, allowed us to see it in real time. Well it's, it's super crazy today because we have more capability. Right. Because now we have guns and nuclear weapons and You know, back in the day it was, people were super crazy but they killed everybody with arrows.


Yeah. You know, and catapults, I mean, you just listen to it is more hands on in a weird way. Yeah. Just think about all the shit that humans did back when there was no written history. We did horrific, horrible things wiped out the, the Mongols killed someone in the neighborhood of, during Gingis Kass lifetime, 50 to 70 million people. Crazy. They killed 10% of the population of Earth. Yeah. So people have always been horrible. And his DNA's in like half of the people on planet Earth, he's just dropping. He's just slitting throats and dropping dick. Oh he, he was dropping dick all over the place, taking everybody as a wife, air quotes wife, his, my new wife. But it's like humans have always been crazy.


They've, it's just, it's prob we're probably less violent now, but more capability and more awareness of all the chaos in the world because it's like in your face. Yeah. Makes, makes you sad. Having to watch all of it and then watching like the parties kind kind of, You know, you got these liberals now that are pro-war. It's like the weirdest thing ever. Dude, we have to win. Yeah. We have to win in Ukraine. Like what are you talking about? Russia has nukes. They've, they've threatened to use them. Are you fucking serious? Like I, I try, I try to start change change.org Right. To get us to help the Ukraine get their own federal reserve so that they can print their own money and we don't have to send 'em any more money.


And I couldn't get anyone to sign it. It's like, join my change do org. Let's have them print their own fake money so they can load up our money. Why do they need our fake printed up money? Well it's because it's a big scam. It's a big weapon there. Go manufacturer scam. The the money is not just going straight to Ukraine, it's going to weapons manufacturers. Yep. And they're giving Ukraine in aid. They're giving them tanks and weapons. And the craziest one is the Taliban in Afghanistan when we leave, we leave behind billions. Billions of dollars of high tech war equipment. And then they put parades on where they're driving down the street with tanks. Yeah. Flying black hawks. Like what?


So crazy just to leave that all there, leave it all there billions and empower the Taliban with modern weapons. These guys that are living in fucking caves fucking goats all day. And now all of a sudden they have black hawks. It's so not that whole area is crazy that oh my God, you don't even know the half of it. I have a buddy who went, who served over there multiple deployments in, in Afghanistan and he told me it's insane. So just the male rape men raping each other and raping boys. He said, it's fucking rampant. It's called Man Loves Thursdays. Yeah, that's what they do. It ain't just happening on Thursday, bro. Well, Bri Brian and I went on a tour, we did it with Steve Byrne and Dove David off and they told us about that, that like the Afghanis, they see women for procreation, men for pleasure.


And they, how do you fix that? Like imagine trying to install a democratic government into a place that as child rape as a normal thing. He said that guys would be, they would've parades where guys would've, their harem of boys and the, the, the most amount of boys would make you look like a pimp. And So it was Like, It was cool to show all the boys that you're fucking, it's just like down the streets. Yeah. Like on main streets. Yeah. And then it just becomes generational was done to you, you do to the next gen, which is so tragic. He said they had this guy who was like this mentally handicapped guy. It wasn working in this kitchen. And they would all take turns raping this guy and he caught him raping this guy.


And the guy would just take it. It was just normal. Just normal. And they did it to each, he said they would go into the barracks and all be fucking each other. He is like, Jesus Christ. It's the more I, I, You know. But don't you think that that's probably how human beings behaved back in like the Spartan days? Yeah. Yeah. Like the Spartans all fucked each other. Yeah. The the, the, the taking, not taking it. If somebody doesn't want it is like a new thing, right? Like, like way back in the day. Consent. Yeah. Consent is a brand new westernized thing. So news, it's like sarcasm and consent are just westernized things that most people don't understand. Yeah. And then back in the day, it was just like savagery dude, savagery full on savagery. And you're never gonna get these, like, I just had this guy on my show, his name's Jay Dyer, and he came on, he was talking about how basically British intelligence made all the, the borders of the Middle East.


Like they just created borders. Like these borders that we see is, is this Saudi Arabia, this is this, this or that. Those were made up by British intelligence. They just basically went in based on tribes. They said, okay, here, here, here, here. Because most of these people are just tribes. Like if you study like the history of Saudi Arabia, it is so nuts. It is so crazy. Because basically they were just nomads and they discovered oil there. So the, the banking club all comes in and goes, here's what we're gonna do. We're gonna set up an apparatus to extract this. And they just have to have all these terms. Made it up. If you stop, dude, I don't wanna go too super deep. But it is, you read this, you go, holy shit.


Like people I've had, You know, you've had guests on here talking about how the British empire didn't really end. That is the most true shit ever. They become bankers. They became bankers. And, and really, dude, I think America and Britain, our relationship really is master blaster. You know what? Right. We're just the big dumb monkey and they just Italian like, do this, do that. And that's really what's happening, man. If you study how like the British intelligence infiltrated Islam, it's like all crazy stuff, dude. And just, And it just, they, they're everywhere man. So You know, even when they go in like nine 11 where they're like, the Saudis were involved. That's really British intelligence. Well, wasn't the whole idea of suicide bombers and Jihad wasn't that, didn't they do that when the Soviet Union had taken over Afghanistan?


Yeah, they did it to try to like fight against it. They, and also demo demoralize them by getting them all hooked on heroin. Nobody comes outta Afghanistan the same. You go in there and try to tame that, you just can't do it. Nobody's tamed it. It's all just warlords And it's crazy. Remember? And if you see, did you ever see the, we had Jason Everman on the podcast who was in Nirvana and also in Sound Garden and then went over to become a special forces soldier after that. After that. Wow. Yeah, after that. And really fucking interesting guy. But he said that there's ancient Greek like construction that looks like the Parthenon in Afghanistan.


Yes. And there's find some of that stuff. They have photographs of this stuff. But you can't get archeologists out there to study it 'cause it's too fucking dangerous. It's run by the Taliban. Back to the sorcery dude. A lot. I think a lot of this war that we see happening is about just erasing our history. Like you remember when the Taliban were just shooting these giant beautiful statues? Yeah. And destroying them, raced erased. A lot of people think there's something, not a lot, but some people think that the weapon of mass destruction in, in Iraq is a portal. It's not really about a bomb. Wow. Yes. There's a real weapon of mass destruction. Well, they go in, where do they go? The first thing they do? You ask anybody.


They go right into the museums. They start taking all the old artifacts from everything They're wiping out a Stargate. So there's a lot of talk, like this whole thing with like, You know, like what are the plans after October 7th and all this stuff, stuff. I think the old gods are coming back dog. I think the old gods wanna come back and reign. And I think a lot of this is about bringing back, you mean like the Anki? No, I'm thinking like the Zoya Aism and stuff like that. If you study Zoya Astor, like if you stu dude, the weirdest thing, if you study, like if you study like Statue of Liberty, that's a dude bro. It is a cross dresser And it is really? Oh yeah. The Statue of Liberty is an old, old Sawyer ASTM God called Mires.


And you, and you get into, if you study it, you can even say like the old one, one at a time. First of all, images of ancient Greece in Afghanistan. Let's get those first. Okay? Because I don't wanna lose this. Okay. I don't lose this. And then we're gonna go to Statue of Liberty. Okay. So look at this stuff. It's so crazy, dude. Like a model of what it looked like. It's a model of what it looked like. But they do have some images of the actual ruins. Look at that. So ancient Greek ruins in Afghanistan. Look at that fucking bananas. And no archeology being done. Look at this is fucking insanity. And the, the stuff that Everman showed me is actually a little more even complex photos that he took of these ruins. What about, well I can't pronounce.


Look at that mosaic. Look at the tiles and look at these Greek statues. I'm telling you man, this is all from Alexander the Great. Okay, now go to Statue of Liberty. Yeah, I was getting in there. Hold on. I wanna see what the Statue of Liberty looks like. Is it true The Statue of Liberty click on that is modeled after the Persian God. Mithra. Yes. Hardly first. Both the original. No. Ironic. This guy's crazy. God. Miro. Well I don't believe any of these fact checkers anymore. Yeah, but let's, let's look at the Statue of Liberty. Gimme a good image of the Statue of Liberty. It's a dude. Hmm? It's a drag queen. You sure? Yes. Trust me. Trust the muscles. There it is. Like mires. Dude, lemme see the face. That's it right there. That's myths. Damn it does look weird.


The top. That's mires. Look at the jaw. Yep. That does look like a dude. So if you study like You know who gave a statue of Liberty France. Right? Right. Go to the photograph for the statue of Liberty's face again. Scroll up. Make that one the in the center Big. That does look like a guy. Looks like a Greek God. Yep. That's a dude in drag. And where, how, how, how thick the neck is. Yeah. Dude. Thick neck. Dude, look at that. Does look like a guy. Look at that one. That image Two. What says up in the top right hand corner that looks like a guy. Look at the arm. That does not look like a feminine arm. Look at the hand. Old pagan. Look at the hands. Sawyer astm. God. Whoa. Look, they're coming back dude. Whoa. See if you can get a better image of the Statue of Liberty.


That one there it says flicker in the middle on the bottom. Bottom in the middle here. Yeah. Boy, that looks like a dude. Holy shit. Sam Tripoli. Statue of Liberty's. A fucking dude. So if you study like the, go back to that image of them posting it, there was an image that you just had up but But in the bottom. Yeah, the scaffolding. Look at that. That's a guy man. So if you, that looks like avatar. Dude, if you study the French Olympics, look at the arm and the hand. Right? Look at the hand. That's not a woman's hand. Yeah dude, that's a thick wrist. Wow. Statue of Liberty's a guy. Holy shit man.


Does he have breasts? Yeah. This guy, guy came on my podcast named Christopher Knowles and he posted it all down. Where's the breast? There's no breasts. Yep. Statue of Liberty does not have breasts. Wow. It's a fucking guy. No. What's that? Kind of, they probably added that later. That's Photoshop. Let see, I don't see boobs. So I see a gut. But that's my pecs. Yeah, look. See if you I'm shredded. I look, I look if I standing here like this. Look at this. Yeah. Yeah. I have tits. I definitely have tits. I'm trying Statue of Liberty breasts. Oh, you're gonna get to a weird porn site. Yeah, look at that.


And it on Statue of Liberty getting stuck in the dry. Instagram does breastfeeding videos. That fat tit right there. Those ones are different. Not that's fake real. That's a big juicy titty one. That's that. She's got silicones. That's not real. Okay. Yeah, those aren't real. Look bad. Way to look. Bad way to look. You're gonna get to a porn site. Have to get, alright Sam, so if you just bring this home. Okay, there we go. Sam, you're the fucking man. Thank you buddy. I love you. You so much. You too My brother. It's always great to see you. You've shown me so much love over the years and I'm so appreciative of you. So thank you. I appreciative of you as well. You're awesome and you go hard. Yeah. Thank I appreciate that. Thank you dude. I appreciate it. You're special. I have a special, it's drops. It's dropping everywhere. I, I might put it on YouTube but I gotta beep the shit out of it 'cause we go pretty hard on this.


But if you go to like Twitter, Sam Tripoli, you go to twitter.com/ Sam Tripoli or you go to Rumble. Rumble's been very nice to me. They featured my rumble's Great. Rumble Rumble put out my special, one of the real free speech platforms. That's around. Twitter's great too, man. Twitter's great. I got dude, me. Yeah, I got a 3 million, 3 million views on one po long time ago. But I never get that dude. They're not suppressed anymore. And when, You know, when Elon took over Twitter, I gained like 7 million followers in like a couple of months. Yes. Like that dude, they, they suppressed. I I tweet they they suppressed the fuck out me there. Yeah. Whoa. I'm, I'm suppressed on Instagram. I'm almost positive of it. Oh dude, you don. I'm stuck at 19.3 million. I know that's a lot. But I'm stuck there for like quite a while.


This is interesting. I've 124,000 followers and I've had that for five years. Yeah. Okay. Can't go above it. I'd a PostIt 25 likes. Yeah. Suppression. It's crazy's. And you can also go to Sam Tripoli dot com. You can also find all my podcasts there. My Broken Simulation Conspiracy, Social Club, Cash Daddies. And what's my other one? You have so many podcasts. I just can't stop. Won't stop. And yeah, I got go to my tour dates. I'm touring, working on a new hour. Alright. My man. Yeah. I'm very appreciate you brother. I love you buddy. I love, thank you. So I.