
Life insurers. Put life into the things you live for. The new factory that's hiring your neighbors. Maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to communities and local economies through bond purchases and other investments, and protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers.


Avoiding your unfinished home projects because you're not sure where to start. Thumbtack knows homes so you don't have to. Don't know. The difference between matte paint, finish and satin or what that clunking sound from your dryer is with Thumbtack, you don't have to be a home pro, you just have to hire one. You can hire top rated pros. See price estimates and read reviews all on the app. Download today.


Did you shoot your parents? No. Either One of them. No, you're not a murderer. I'm not a murderer. I literally got chills. This is a huge deal. The father had come home and found a lot of drug paraphernalia. They were having issues with him That wasn hurting her heart. That situation goes from calm to murder in 11 minutes. Yeah, I mean it's homicide. I didn't hurt either of my parent. I don't think anybody's jumping up and down about having to put a 17-year-old boy in jail. This was a lot bigger and a lot deeper than what initially we thought They thought they picked out some weak-minded kid.


They didn't know who they were playing with. The Long Road of Parenthood always watching. As your kids grasp at life, you cheer from the stands. Daddy Madison, Do your best to keep them safe, hoping they make it through this world in one piece. Madison Holton was born a handful. His parents, April and Michael could barely keep up.


Madison was always the helpful kid. Tanya was Madison's mom's best friend. She says Madison was always sweet and a little different. I remember we had a bird house that my mom had brought over and she was gonna put it in my backyard. The other kids run, go play, have fun, you know, oh, mom needs help, whatever. Not available, not available. Madison's like, Hey, do you want me to help you do it? School was a battlefield. Madison was picked on the scrawny kid and a bit of a loner. He was always doing his own little thing. Everything changed. By Madison's senior year of high school, he sprouted to almost six feet and had less time for dad and mom.


Madison was very social. He had a lot of friends. Hannah Trailer and Madison grew up in the tiny town of eclectic, Alabama. He was always like the class clown, like really goofy, trying to make everybody laugh, like you know, always like he might get in trouble for talking too much in class. As Madison crossed over into the land of kingdom, his parents found themselves without a map. Darren, senior year, people are turning 18, they're about to graduate high school, you know, he was just like any of the other kids that thought like, oh, I'm about to gain freedom and I'm just gonna like push my boundaries a little bit. Madison had started hanging out with a group of friends, but I feel like too, that group of friends kind of opened a door to marijuana and partying and all that stuff.


They Opened the door and Madison walked through it. Yeah, April worried about where this road might take her son. So she begged her brother Chris, a police officer, to talk some sense into Madison. And I sat down with him and I had a long talk with him and I said, look, this is not the lifestyle you wanna choose. At the same time, Madison was going through his teenage rebellion. His parents, April and Michael were separating. They were united in their message to Madison, mess up again and you'll go to jail. He had one chance left, and on September 11th, 2016, he blew it.


While his dad was at work, Madison threw a house party. Someone else called Michael and said, my kid came home from your house under the influence of something and I wanna know why. So Michael's embarrassed At that point, Michael calls up and says, you need to get to my house. We gotta deal with this. Chris as a twin brother, Mike, who thought Madison's dad had good reason to be embarrassed. Michael Holden had a reputation to protect an eclectic. He was the former mayor, the former fire chief, very well known. How dare you embarrassed me in this community. So I'm sure he was pissed. I don't blame him. I'd be pissed too if my child had thrown a party. When Michael Holton walked into the house, he found the remnants of a teenage party.


Homemade bongs were scattered throughout the house. A box that smelled suspicious. That was it. And what he did, he called the sheriff's office and we sent a deputy up there. Bill Franklin is sheriff of Elmore County, and the deputy sent to the house that day happened to be his son. When Deputy Franklin arrived, Michael had something to say. Mr. Holton had actually greeted him in the yard and told him, Hey, when you come in, I said, you're going to see my son is handcuffed. And he said, I'm trying to discipline my son. Sheriff Franklin says he's seen parents discipline their kids in all sorts of ways.


I don't think that his intent was to harm or hurt the kid. He was. He was merely trying to see what he could do to try to get his attention To me. Putting a kid in handcuffs says either I'm disciplining you and I'm serious about this, or I'm afraid of you. Possible that that's what was going on. There could have been, could have been The deputy reported April was in the living room. Madison Suen on the couch, his hands cuffed behind his back. Michael asked the deputy how as parents they could get the juvenile courts involved. He was very, I would say, inquisitive about what could he do to paperwork wise to get his child in front of a judge so he could talk to the judge about the problems that he was experiencing with the child.


So maybe straighten him out in his view. That's right. That's right. Call it tough love if you want to. The sheriff, Michael and April just seemed to be grasping for a solution And they pretty much reached their wits end. One of those things. But These were not people who were in the midst of some huge fight. No, no, not at all. The deputy left Michael and April with instructions about how to get a copy of the police report. The next day, a Monday He leaves and supposedly everything's okay and Then 11 minutes later there's a 9 1 1 call. That's correct. Now law enforcement was rushing back to Michael Holton's house gunshots had been fired.


Only three people had been in that home and now one of them was dead. Another lay dying. What had happened in just 11 minutes, We noticed trauma. What appeared to be blood trauma, A marriage on the rocks. What did you see? She Would just share little stories And bodies in the bedroom. We discovered what appeared like an an entry wound to the back of his head. You go forward with a homicide investigation. It's Not a hitch scratcher. You get a piece of paper that says homicide.


Michael Holton's Front lawn was a disaster scene with everyone trying to make sense of what had happened inside. Two people lay on the bedroom floor a pistol between them all. Arriving deputies knew for sure was that the situation had escalated in almost no time at all. About 4 48, our deputy leaves 4 59, we receive another 9 1 1 call. So whatever happens, it happens in 11 minutes. That's right. Captain Chris Ogden was an investigator on the case. Madison Left his residence and reported to his neighbor that his parents were involved in a physical altercation.


Madison told investigators, it all started as soon as the deputy who'd been there about the house party left After his parents came back in. After speaking with the deputy, they went into the bedroom and became involved in a physical fight. Does Madison say what the fight was about? Or what sparked the fight? I believe the assumption was obviously it had to do with Madison On the phone with nine one one. The neighbor said That wasn an attempted murder suicide. Michael Holton was dead by the time deputies arrived. Madison's mom was unconscious but breathing. So investigators first thought was Mr. Holton shot his wife and then himself From what we had been told.


You would think that he actually shot her Mr. Holton and then would've turned the gun and shot himself. That's what Juan would tend to believe. April's injuries suggested she'd been shot through her hand first as if she put it up to protect herself. And then as she turned her face away from the gun, she was shot in the head. Michael's injuries appeared self-inflicted And we noticed trauma would appear to be blood and trauma in his mouth. The first formulated thought is, well, he probably shot himself in the mouth Earlier. They'd seemed like two parents on the same page about their teenage son.


What had happened to this couple in only 11 minutes? April and Michael got together in high school. They married after graduation and pretty quickly became the parents of three kids. She was all about her kids all the time. Always kind of thought she was like this, do it all kind of mom made It seem effortless, But I knew it wasn't. But yeah, she did. You know, she was always looked good. She always, you know, put her best foot forward. Michael Holton's friend Tony remembers him as a fixture in eclectic. You couldn't go around town without him being recognized. He'd worked his way up from paramedic to fire chief and then mayor.


Everyone knew him, knew him as a leader. He was always very nice, very funny, very, you know, very easygoing. He and April seemed happy. Yeah. Yeah, they did seem happy for a long time. And then, And then that changed. Yeah. What did you see? She would just share little stories, not much, but just maybe he wasn't as nice to her. He didn't talk to her like he would talk to someone you love. Tanya says April felt she couldn't do anything right in the marriage. By summer 2016 she was done. April filed paperwork for a divorce. I think she was at peace with her decision. Was Mike at peace with It?


No. No. Mike was not Too late. April had made her decision and on September 11th, 2016, April only answered Michael's call because the latest family crisis was about Madison. Obviously Madison had thrown a party and so they had to talk to Madison about it and she was like, I'm gonna have to go over there. Sounds Like she didn't want to go over to Mike's. No, she did not wanna go. She did not. But she was going to, I mean she needed to go for Madison. So had Michael Holton just snapped in a fit of sorrow and rage, that's what it looked like to investigators at first.


So when you finally actually move his body, We discovered what appeared like an an entry wound to the back of his head. So that's the first false note here that Changed the dynamics of the investigation. I've been in law enforcement for 39 years. I have never seen somebody try to commit suicide in such a weird, unique manner. If you argue that Mr. Holton did shoot his wife and then turn the gun on himself, why such a bizarre way to to do that? The next morning a state pathologist confirmed Michael Holton had a close contact wound at the base of his head and to investigators, the angle seemed telling.


The only way we were able to do that is hold a gun upside down and place it upside down and then angle it. Because remember the angle is upward Upside down and using his left hand, the thing about that is Michael Holton was right-handed. Normally when men commit suicide, they use their dominant hand. Sure, not their weaker hand. That's Right. To the sheriff and his investigators that made suicide improbable and the pathologist agreed, he classified Michael Holton's death a homicide. He does not believe that that man would've killed himself or would've been able to kill himself in that manner.


And so you go forward with a homicide investigation. It's not a hit scratcher. You get a piece of paper that says homicide. This was now a murder investigation. And if there were three people in that house and two were victims, that simple arithmetic made Madison the prime suspect. I jumped up, I ran to the master bedroom door, I kicked it open and my dad was holding her like this. I was like, I need to go get help. And then I sprinted screaming, help to my neighbor's house. Madison's dramatic story. Will police believe it? Well I didn't. I hurt either of my parents.


No, no. The doctor down there says they didn't shoot themselves. He didn't seem that upset. No, no. He seemed more concerned about a missing homecoming


Life. Insurers put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors. Maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to communities and local economies through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@aci.com paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers


High five Casino is the top sweepstakes casino that's free to play. Sign up today to receive a free welcome bonus and exclusive first purchase offers. Choose the lucky deal package for 9 99 and claim up to 550 Game coins. 33 sweeps coins, one sweep coin daily bonus for four days and 350 diamonds. Your high five moment awaits@highfivecasino.com. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited by law. Must be 21 years or older terms and conditions apply.


Dateline True Crime Weekly. Andrea Canning and the Dateline team cover breaking crime news around the country. And now a special series with daily updates from the trial of Sean Combs. I'll be talking to NBC news correspondent Chloe Malos every day after court about what she's seeing inside the witnesses, the evidence and what it all means. Dateline True Crime Weekly. Listen now wherever you get your podcasts.


April Holton's, twin brothers, Chris and Mike were keeping vigil in the ICU. Their sister had been shot in the head and there was little doctors could do You see in the movies with the machine breathing for the person. And this is far more surreal than what it seems like in the movies. It's, this is goodbye and though there is no more hellos, there's no more hugs, there's no more phone calls, there's no more birthday videos. And this is it That wasn 11 o'clock in September the 12th when they pronounced April dead Worst day of your life To date, One person who did not get to say goodbye was April's oldest son.


Madison was now a murder suspect. He'd been questioned that morning at the sheriff's office. After one round of the interrogation, the sheriff asked Madison's uncle Chris to join them. There's a reason he's in here, okay? He, he he's got your best interest at Heart at that point. I, I really, I I didn't know what to think. I didn't know if Madison did it. I didn't know if he didn't do it. I wasn't there. I had not seen any evidence How long. Here's what Madison says happened after the first deputy left saying That my dad like signaled my mom to come into the room and she did and he shut the door after About five minutes you say you heard your mom Scream, help Scream help.


Okay. And what did you do? I jumped up, I ran to the master bedroom door, I kicked it open and my dad was holding her like this. I was like, I need to go get help. And then I sprinted screaming, help to my neighbor's house. Madison said he didn't see or hear what happened next. Not even the gunshots while he was at his neighbor's house, the sheriff wasn't buying that one bit. Will you agree with me that there was a gunshot fired? I mean that, that as of what I've been told, yes. But you never heard that? No sir. Investigators thought Madison didn't seem like a kid who was sad about what had happened to his mother and father.


Do He feel like any of this is on you? I, I don't know. I didn't hurt either of my parents. No, No. The doctor down there says they didn't shoot themselves. I don't care what the doctor says. I didn't shoot my parents And Madison's own uncle, an officer himself knew the significance of this moment. This will be the only time that if your story is any different than what you told me, just listen to me if it's any different, okay, now's the time to tell 'em. Let's say you walked in there and your dad's got your mama by the throat and you did what you thought you had to do. So maybe Madison shot his dad to protect his mom.


That sounds almost like you're offering him a story that you know fits the evidence and is also exculpatory. Well at that point though, I had not seen any evidence at that point I had only seen my sister. I had seen that her hand was wrapped in gauze, which tells me that something happened to her hand and, and at some point I think somebody told me she was shot through the hand, through the head, which is a defensive position Back in the interrogation room. Madison stuck to his version of events. I've already told y'all everything that I know. I've told y'all everything that I know. No. As the interrogation was wrapping up and the sheriff and Chris were walking out, Madison made a gesture in their direction to the sheriff.


That middle finger came out of nowhere and later investigators reported Madison was talking about homecoming on the way to take a blood sample. He seemed more concerned about a missing homecoming, the school and things of that nature. He didn't seem that upset. No. No. And here's a call that was recorded from jail a few days later. What did like all the girls said about it, like that's what I wondered. Like the people I slept with, like what do they think about it right now? Like oh damn a murderer. That kind of talk didn't prove anything but it did strike investigators.


As odd as they continued gathering evidence, they decided to test some elements of Madison's story. Madison had said he didn't hear the gunshots. So law enforcement did an experiment and they recorded it. We took the same weapon in the same grain ammo to do these tests. Madison's story is that he ran from his dad's house to a neighbor 200 feet away and that he didn't hear the shots on his way or once he arrived, investigators listened closely. Here's what that test sounded like, standing at the neighbor's front door to investigators that made Madison a liar.


A troubled kid who had exploded into violence. You think Madison saw his parents getting ready to begin a process that might have resulted in him being locked up and he got angry and he decided to kill them. I don't know what his mindset was there, but could that have you know, triggered him? Sure, it could have. By the end of the week, 17-year-old Madison Holton was charged with murdering his mom and dad. Holton's Bond is now Set at a combined, I don't go out here and beat a drum 'cause we were able to put a 17-year-old boy in jail. But pretty much Josh, if it looks, walks, talks, feels and smells like a duck, we're pretty much gonna treat it like a duck.


Madison says he was no one sitting duck. My opinion is they picked a fight, they thought they picked out some weak-minded kid, they didn't know who they were playing with. You're tougher than they thought you were. Oh yeah, I just wanna be set up for a polygraph test. Okay? Honestly. Alright, like as soon as y'all can do it, I want a polygraph test. Okay. Asked like three or four times for a polygraph. Generally guilty people do not ask for a polygraph. Madison stands by his story and supporters stand by him. He didn't do it. It's not Possible. I knew like he wasn't capable of that.


There is no more high school confidential. When a senior is charged with double murder, that is on every iPhone in class. I'm on Snapchat all the time. So when I'm scrolling through Snapchat and then you see his mugshot pop up on daily mail and you click through and then he is next to Kim Kardashian. That in itself was absolutely crazy for me, for my classmates, like all of us. And I knew like he wasn't capable of that. But you know, a lot of people had opposite opinions like, oh well they wouldn't have put him in jail if they didn't have evidence to lead towards him or he wouldn't be staying in there so long if there wasn't something pointing towards him. The sheriff believed that when Madison realized his parents were about to take him to juvenile court, he killed them and then lied about it to investigators.


The sheriff also believed some time in jail might encourage Madison to come clean. There's a lot of people that come to jail and there's a lot of people that profess their innocence and they've been found guilty or later they will pretty much profess their guilt on actually what they did. That however did not happen. Not as the teenager sat in the county lockup mark and not when he sat down to talk with us. Did you shoot your parents? No. Either one of them. No. Did you ever have your hands on that gun that day? No. You hear any gunshots when you were on your way over to the neighbors? No, I didn't. Under advice of counsel, Madison wouldn't talk specifics about the day of the shootings.


He did tell us his story of how his family started to fall apart. Whenever things started to fall down it just got worse and worse. Could you tell there was tension in the house? Yeah, sometimes I could, sometimes I couldn't. Sometimes they would be giving the each other the silent treatment. Sometimes they would be arguing in front of us, but most of the time That wasn more of like behind closed doors. He says the Holton house became an unpleasant place to live. I wanted to go do my own thing and that included partying and smoking pot and stuff like that. So I mean I couldn't do it at home when my parents were around. So I decided to go other places. After his parents separated, Madison lived with his dad and was present when his father discovered April had a new boyfriend.


He like freaked out and then he called her and was like going off on her about it, Saying What That wasn like I, I need you. Like I can't live without you. Stuff like that. And whenever we got back home, I had never seen my dad cry before, but he was bawling. Madison was remembering all of this. Sitting in jail months and months contemplating the past. You wrote people letters? Yeah. Apologizing in some cases for things you've done. Yeah. Dear Hannah, I know it's kind of weird getting a letter from me right now is probably, I opened it up and I just remember like I literally got chills because like That wasn stamped like Elmer County jail and like a red stamp and so like I'm reading this letter and you know like in the letter he like apologizes for something that happened like back in ninth grade just because he wanted to like apologize to everybody that he had wronged I guess.


Like he was just reflecting on a lot of stuff. But every person I've written, I've told the exact same thing. I'm not a murderer, I don't know if you believe me or not, but I'm not. I couldn't kill anybody. And then like in the end he put a bible verse. So like that just showed me like in the midst of like this situation that you're in, like you're trying to encourage other people. So That wasn just like really crazy to see that I was just thinking about the light at the end of the tunnel. You know my favorite bible verse Jeremiah 29 11 is like for I know the plans I have for you declares the Lord, plans to prosper you and not to harm you. Plans to give you hope in a future. You Still thought you had a future. I knew I had a future.


Madison's present though was the four walls of a cell time in jail did not motivate him to confess to crimes. He says he didn't commit. His story never changed from the one he told the night his parents were shot. I think I asked like three or four times for a polygraph. I just wanna be set up for a polygraph test. Okay? Honestly. Alright, like as soon as y'all can do it, I want a polygraph test. Okay? Generally guilty people do not ask for polygraphs. Yeah, I mean it's a lie detector test. I mean, yeah, some people can find a flaw in that, some people can beat it even when they are lying. But I mean I was 17 years old.


I mean I didn't know nothing about it. I just knew That wasn a lie detector test That polygraph never happened and Madison remained a teenager facing two murder wraps. Law enforcement was lined up against him. His mom's family felt differently. They saw Madison behind bars as just another tragedy. I told him on day one the only role he played in this case was the fact that he threw a house party. But you don't put somebody in prison for life for throwing a house party. Mike hadn't even known Madison well before all of this, Before everything happened. I never really even had like more than like a five minute conversation with him.


But whenever I got to the jail, I mean we'd sit there and talk on the phone till the time ran up on the phone And he was pretty solidly in your corner. Oh yeah, without a doubt. And Mike was going to make sure his nephew didn't spend his life locked up. He had worked as a police officer and was now hunting for anything that might prove Madison's innocence. He didn't do it. It's not possible. No DNA. No blood on Madison, not on his clothes. Not on his hands. If Madison had committed this crime, if he'd shot both his parents at pretty close range, right? He'd have some blood on him, He'd have some forensic evidence on him.


A former FBI agent joins the case. This is the same make and model of Gun. Same make us of three 80 Cobra. We have some intriguing detective work about the shooting


Kickoff summer with Memorial Day savings at Lowe's. Right now get five Scott's Naturescapes, one and a half cubic foot mulch bags for just $10. Plus get up to 40% off select major appliances and save an extra $50 on every $500 you spend on select major appliances, $396 or more. Lowe's, we help you save. Val do 5 28 mo Shopper excludes Alaskan and Hawaii selection varies by location while supplies last. Sea lows.com for more details.


High Five Casino is the top choice for social casino gaming. That's free to play with chances to win and redeem. For real cash prizes, free spin rewards and tons of exclusive games, you can experience more high five moments than ever before. You are gonna wanna high five everyone, the neighbors, the mailman, all your coworkers, of course your friends. Well you get the point. Your high five moment awaits at high five. casino.com. No purchase necessary void, way prohibited by law must be 21 years older terms and conditions apply.


Hey everybody, I'm Al Roker from the Today Show. Let's kickstart your wellness journey with the all new start today app. Everything you need for a healthier you all in one place. Fitness challenges for all levels. Meal plans that are easy and delicious and so much more. It's built to fit your lifestyle and our experts will guide you every step of the way. Come on, let's do This. To subscribe, download, start today from the app store on your Apple device now terms apply. Cancel anytime through Apple. Under profile settings.


Two life sentences is a long time for anyone when you're 17. It's unthinkable behind bars. Madison Holton prayed for the light at the end of the tunnel and in December, 2017, My wife and I were able to eventually bond him outta jail after like a year and three or four months. Where'd you get the money from? Madison's Bond. My wife and I took out a loan and we're still paying for it After 15 months and seven days. The guard, she said, today's your lucky day. Pack it up. Madison was out but far from free now he was prepping for a murder trial with the help of his twin uncles.


His uncle Mike discovered information critical to Madison's defense when he went through Madison's dad's autopsy report. Michael Holton was under the influence of heavy narcotics. Michael Holton had a cocktail of tramadol, oxycodone, and hydrocodone in his system at the time of his death. Was pretty much everybody in your family aware that Michael had a drug problem? They, they were That wasn. Something nobody wanted to talk about. And it's An embarrassment, Right? I mean he was at one point, he was the mayor of Galactic, the fire chief and he's the best paramedic I know. His drug problem got away from him and just down the hill he went.


Chris speculated that on the day of the shootings, Michael was using the latest problem with their son as a way to win April back. It's an opportunity for Michael to say, look, you know, the two of us were together, this probably wouldn't have happened. She says it is too late for that conversation. Yeah, I'm moving off. That ship has sailed and I think at that point Michael just snapped. I think Michael killed April and then killed himself. I think Michael couldn't face the world knowing he killed his wife. An all option left for him was to end his own life. Mike learned Madison's dad might have thought about suicide in the past. That wasn right there in the pages of his diary to April.


He wrote, I just can't go on knowing you were with somebody else. And That wasn, either me or the both of us, You read it and it clearly indicates a person who is not in their right state of mind. Madison's uncles shared their discoveries with his court appointed attorney and they worried the family didn't have money for fancy experts or the things they would need to make a strong case. As his uncles stressed, Madison went to church and that's where everything changed in the form of Greg Biggs. On Sunday afternoon we had a prayer meeting. So to get your prayer partner, the pastor put our names in a hat and started drawing our names out.


So drew my name out and he drew Madison's name out. Did you know Madison? I had no idea, but I got to meet him that day and he was a nice kid That wasn only a few days later, his uncle Chris tells me, well, you know, he's indicted for murder. And I'm going, what? Madison? Greg is a former FBI agent and state's attorney. He knew his way around a case file and offered to help. He says the impressions deputies formed during the investigation were off base, but his parents have just been killed. And he's what? Talking about homecoming, I don't think you can put, get yourself in the mind of a 17-year-old to make him out to be a Ted Bundy when he is just a kid.


I mean, I, I did a lot of stupid things when I was 17. I kissed a dead dog on the road on a dare when I was 17. So kids or kids. And This was just Madison being a Kid. Just Madison being a kid, saying stupid things. And if law enforcement didn't catch Madison in tears, Madison said he had a good reason and said as much in the interrogation. I can't even cry because it hurts so bad because it just keeps replaying my head. Greg says the physical evidence supports Madison's story. That his parents had been fighting.


April had Michael's DNA under her fingernails. Michael had scratches on his face. And if Madison had shot them during the fight, where was the proof of that? No DNA. No blood on Madison? Not on his clothes. Not on his hands. So all the, the evidence points toward exactly what Madison said. Mom and dad were in the bedroom. If Madison had committed this crime, if he'd shot both his parents at pretty close range, right? He'd have some blood on him. He'd have some forensic evidence on him to demonstrate he had fired a gun at a very close range. Law enforcement was never able to lift a full print from the gun.


And the only DNA they found was April's on the trigger. And what about that head wound? The one a pathologist said, made Michael's death look like a homicide. I've consulted with a forensic pathologist who said he looked at the wound and he said that it is more probable that it is suicide than homicide. If investigators thought That wasn difficult for Michael to shoot himself at that odd angle, defense attorney Biggs demonstrated for us how Izzy it could be using an unloaded gun identical to the one found at the scene. This is the same make and model of Gun. Same. Make us a three 80 Cobra.


Not impossible is it. Greg said he didn't even need the forensics to show Madison was innocent common sense. He claimed said it all. Remember Madison's dad had handcuffed him behind his back. And when deputies arrived after the shootings, they found Madison still in those handcuffs. My hands were like this on my back last night. I couldn't move them. The sheriff's theory. Madison had been able to take the cuffs off using a handcuff. Key investigators found in the living room. Our primary investigator is in his mid thirties.


Our chief investigator is in his late forties. They were both able in about 12 to 15 seconds stand up, slip it below their feet, get in front of them, take a handcuff key that's been placed right in front of them and get out of the handcuffs. Wait, wait, wait. That's what you think Madison? Did you think he took his handcuffs off and shot his parents and then put the handcuffs back on? Yes. Yes. I think that's what happened. Did you slip out of the handcuffs? No. And And commit murder and then put the handcuffs back on? No. Would you know how to do that? No. That wasn, the first time I had ever been put in handcuffs, The state was moving ahead a date for Madison's double murder Trial was set.


They seemed pretty determined. Yeah, they seemed pretty determined. But I was pretty determined myself. This is the start of war, You know, everything's at stake. It's like fifth goes downhill. I'll have two life sentences of being in prison for the rest of my life. Some jaw dropping news that no one expected. Did you have your suspicions about what was coming? No.


Murder has a way of splitting a small town into, that's what happened in eclectic Alabama after the killing of April. And Michael Holton, each side felt they knew what had happened on that September afternoon in 2016, the county sheriff Bill Franklin That wasn clear Madison Holton killed his parents after their threats to take him to court. I hadn't missed a minute's sleep at night because we were able to charge that kid Justice. As sheriff's investigators said, Madison could have gotten out of his handcuffs and committed a double murder. The lack of blood on him was also easy to explain.


That wasn a small caliber weapon and a small caliber weapon doesn't cause a whole lot of initial damage to a person. So it's conceivable that Madison was involved in that shooting and didn't get any blood on him? That's correct. Even if Michael was physically able to shoot himself, he'd hardly seem suicidal to the sheriff's son. Who was that first deputy on the scene? The conversation that he'd had with the deputy. I don't think anyone would agree that the man well is gonna go in there and he's fixing to kill his wife and kill himself. He was very clear-minded. Did your Deputy in that initial encounter with Mr. Holton, describe him or think of him as being under the influence of any kind of drug?


None whatsoever. And he didn't seem excessively angry or No? No. The showdown was set for October 22nd, 2018. The first day of Madison's murder trial. This is the start of war. You know, Madison who'd always been so convinced he would be found not guilty, was worried. He'd found a new girlfriend while out on bond and told her this, This goes downhill. I would have two life sentences be in prison for the rest of my life. And I was like, it's okay. Like if you don't wanna be with me anymore, you can go. That was pretty tough having tell of that. You know, In court attorneys were about to start the last phase of jury selection when suddenly the mood in the room seemed to shift.


People running all over the courthouse, back and forth. The sheriff was there too, waiting for proceedings to begin. Did you have your suspicions about what was Coming? No. What was coming was a stunning announcement from the district attorney. We don't have proof beyond a reasonable doubt. After two years of investigating, prosecutors had decided they didn't have enough. We are ethically obligated at this point to dismiss those charges. If this had been a battle, then the DA had just retreated. The murder charges were dismissed just like that. In a press conference, the DA explained Jesse, the pathologist, who'd already ruled Michael's death.


A homicide was not prepared to say on the stand that he was 100% sure. The most they could say was it's more likely than not a homicide, which is not beyond a reasonable doubt. And so the answers eclectic was waiting for never came. The sun was was released. And that's about all I know about about the case. Tony prefers to think about his friend Michael. In happier times. I wanna remember Michael, the way he was, you know, smiling, having a beer, kicking back with her guitars and just playing music. Tanya says she thought of April every day throughout Madison's ordeal, Finding out that Madison was released and that That wasn done.


I feel like she's finally at peace. She can be at peace. 'cause for her babies to be in turmoil, that's not something that would be acceptable for her. For the sheriff. The murder case is far from over. You think Madison's getting away with murder? It's an open case As long as I'm sure if that's an open case You could refile against Madison. Absolutely. Which is why Madison doesn't want to discuss the specifics of the case. He's not cleared. He's just not charged. From everything that I've been through, I have no doubt in my mind that the sheriff will try to put me back in jail. I don't know why he has such a grudge against me. Well, he thinks you're guilty of murder.


Let him think that he's gonna think wrong for the rest of his life. Madison is hoping to live out the rest of his life as a free man. He finished high school and he's joined the army to help pay for college. He's even considered becoming a criminal defense attorney. You ready to go back in a courtroom? Oh yeah. Maybe not wearing handcuffs. Yeah. I wanna find that kid who's put in the odd predicament that I was put in that doesn't know what to do, that doesn't know how to act and fight for them. It's not about the money for me. Yeah, lawyers make good money. It's not about the money. It's about that one life out there that could be saved.


They are dreams. Madison shares with his mother when he goes to visit her grave. She's buried right next to his dad. I mean, you're visiting her grave, but he's five feet away or less. Like I've forgiven him for what he is done. But I can't come to the point where I'll visit his grave like I do my mom's. What do you say to your mom when you go, I'm sorry. And I love her


Kickoff summer with Memorial Day savings at Lowe's. Right now get five Scotts Naturescapes, one and a half cubic foot mulch bags for just $10. Plus, get up to 40% off. Select major appliances and save an extra $50 on every $500 you spend on select major appliances, $396 or more. Lowe's, we help you save valid through 5 28 mulch. Shopper excludes Alaska and Hawaii. Selection varies by location while supplies last. See lows.com for more details.