
Parents want safer online experiences for their teens. That's why Instagram is introducing teen accounts with automatic protections for who can contact teens and the content they can see giving parents more peace of mind. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts.


Hey dc, did you know it's illegal to toss household batteries in the trash? That's right. Batteries must be recycled. The good news call to recycle makes it easy. As DC's official battery recycling program, we've got drop off locations all across the city. Find one near you@calltorecycle.org slash locator. That's call to recycle.org/locator. Let's keep DC clean and green.


I'm Keith Morrison and this is episode three of Charles Dickens. A Christmas Carol Ebenezer Scrooge is back in bed, weighed down by blankets and regrets. He's reeling from all the ghosts of Christmas past, has shown him memories of his boyhood and who he once was, visions of who he has become. Sour, greedy, unlovable, alone.


He falls into a troubled sleep. And yes, Charles Dickens writes, he's snoring, but for how long and what terrifying Specter waits to confront him now Awakening in the middle of a prodigious tough snore and sitting up in bed to get his thoughts together. Scrooge had no occasion to be told that the bell was again, upon the stroke of one, he felt that he was restored to consciousness in the right nick of time for the special purpose of holding a conference with the second messenger dispatch to and through Jacob Marley's intervention, but finding that he turned uncomfortably cold.


When he began to wonder which of his curtains his new specter would draw back. He put every one of them aside with his own hands and lying down again, established a sharp lookout all around the bed for he wished to challenge the spirit on the moment of its appearance and did not wish to be taken by surprise and made nervous Now being prepared for almost anything. He was not by any means prepared for nothing. And consequently, when the bell struck one and no shape appeared, he was taken with a violent fit to trembling.


Five minutes, 10 minutes, a quarter of an hour went by and yet nothing came. All this time he lay upon his bed the very core and center of a blaze of ruddy light, which streamed upon it when the clock proclaimed the hour and which being only light was more alarming than a dozen ghosts as he was powerless to make out what it meant or would be at and was sometimes apprehensive that he might be at that very moment an interesting case of spontaneous combustion without ever having the consolation of knowing. Yes, at last. However, he began to think that the source and secret of this ghostly light might be in the adjoining room from when on further tracing it seemed to shine this idea taking full possession of his mind.


He got up softly and shuffled in his slippers to the door. The moment Scrooge's hand was on the lock. A strange voice called him by his name and bait him. Enter, obeyed That wasn his own room. There was no doubt about that, but it had undergone a surprising transformation. The walls and ceiling were so hung with living green that it looked a perfect grove from every part of which bright gleaming berries. Glisten the crisp leaves of holly missile toe. An ivy reflected back the light as if so many little mirrors have been scattered there and such a mighty blaze went roaring up the chimney as that dull petr ation of a hearth that never known in Scrooge's time or Marley's or for many and many a winter season.


Gone heaped up on the floor to form a kind of throne were turkeys, geese game poultry, great joints of meat, suckling pigs, long Reese of sausages, minced pies, plumb puddings, barrels of oysters, red hot chestnuts, cherry cheat apple, juicy oranges, luscious pears and seething bowls of punch that made the chamber dim with their delicious steam in easy state. Upon his couch there sat a jolly giant glorious to see who bo glowing torch in shape, not unlike Pliny's horn and held it up high up to shed.


Its light unscrew just he came peeping round the door, come in, exclaimed the ghost, come in and know me better man through g timidly and hung his head before the spirit. And though the spirit's eyes were clear and kind, he did not like to beat them. I am the ghost of Christmas present, said the spirit look upon me, Scrooge reverently did so the spirit was clothed in one simple green robe or mantle bordered with white fur. The garment hung so loosely on the figure that his capacious breast was bare as if to disdain to be wared or concealed by any artifice.


His feet observable beneath the ample folds of the garment were also bare and on its head. It wore no other covering than a hawley wreath set here and there with shining icicles. Its dark brown curls were long and free. Free is its genial face, its sparkling eye, it's open hand, it's cheery voice, it's unconstrained demeanor and its joyful hair. You have never seen the like of me before. Exclaimed the spirit, never scrooge made answer to it. The ghost of Christmas present Rose Spirit said, Scrooge submissively, conduct me where you will touch my robe.


Scrooge did as he was told and held it fast. Hawley missile toe, red berries, ivy, turkeys, geese game, poultry meat, pigs, sausages, oysters, pies, puddings, fruit and punch all vanished instantly. So did the room, the fire, the ruddy glow, the hour of night and they stood in the city streets on Christmas morning where where the weather was severe, the people made a rough but brisk and not unpleasant kind of music and scraping the snow from the pavement in front of their dwellings and from the tops of their house. Once That wasn mad light to the boys to see it come plumping down into the road below and splitting into artificial little snowstorms, the house fronts looked black enough and the windows blacker contrasting with the smooth white sheet of snow upon the roofs and with the dirtier snow on the ground, there was nothing very cheerful in the climate or the town.


And yet was there an air of cheerfulness abroad that the clearest summer air and brightest summer sun might have endeavored to diffuse in vain for the people who were shoveling away on the house. Stops were jovial full of glee calling out to one another from the parapets and now and then exchanging a facetious snowball better natured missile far than any a wordy jest laughing heartily if it went right by and not less heartily if it went wrong, the Poulter shops were still half open and the fruits were radiant in their glory.


There were great round potbellied baskets of chestnut shaped like the waistcoats of jolly old gentlemen, lolling at the doors and tumbling out into the street. There were pears and apples clustered high in blooming pyramids. There were bunches of grapes made in the shopkeeper's benevolence to dangle from conspicuous hooks that people's mouths might water grati as they passed the grocers. Oh, the grocers nearly closed with perhaps two shutters down or one. But through these gaps such glimpses That wasn not just that everything was good to eat and in its Christmas dress, but the customers were all so hurried and so eager in the hopeful promise of the day that they tumbled up against each other at the door crashing their wicker baskets wildly and left their purchases upon the counter and came running back to fetch them and committed hundreds of like mistakes in the best humor possible.


But soon the steeples called good people all to church and chapel and away they came flocking through the streets in their best clothes and with their gayest faces. And at the same time there emerged from scores of by streets and lanes and nameless turnings innumerable people carrying their dinners. The sight of these poor revelers appeared to interest the spirit very much for he stood with Scrooge and taking off the covers as their bearers past sprinkled incense on their dinners from his torch. And That wasn a very uncommon kind of torch for once or twice when there were angry words between some dinner carriers who had jostled each other.


He shed a few drops of water on them from it and their good humor was restored directly, but they said That wasn a shame to quarrel upon Christmas day. And so That wasn God love it. So That wasn, is there a particular flavor in what you sprinkled from your torch as Scrooge? There is my own. Would it apply to any kind of dinner on this day? Ask Scrooge to any kindly given to a poor one. Most why To a poor person most ask Scrooge because that person needs it most and they went on invisible as they had been before into the suburbs of the town and perhaps That wasn his own kind, generous, hearty nature and his sympathy with all poor men that led the spirit straight to screwed his clerk There he went and took screws with him holding to his robe and that's where we'll leave Ebenezer screwed.


Standing outside Bob Crochet's door, the lowly clerk whom may have be braided just hours earlier for taking off Christmas day. He has unexpectedly become crochet's, invisible Christmas guest. It's a Christmas dinner he'll never forget.


As a parent, you want what's best for your teen. You want them to grow and thrive in this world, but you also wanna make sure they're staying safe. That's why Instagram is introducing teen accounts with automatic protections for who can contact teens and the content. They can see Instagram teen accounts built in limits for teens and peace of mind for parents. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM sportsbook. That's right, not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, be hike. The bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV. Be MGM and game sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com. For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements gambling problem, Call one 800 gambler.


The holidays are all about sharing with family meals, couches, stories, grandma secret pecan buy recipe. And now you can also share a cart with Instacart's family carts. Everyone can add what they want to one group cart from wherever they are so you don't have to go from room to room to find out who wants cranberry sauce or whether you should get mini marshmallows for the yams or collecting votes for sugar cookies versus shortbread. Just share a cart and then share the meals and the moments. Download the Instacart app and get delivery in as fast as 30 minutes. Plus, enjoy free delivery on your first three orders. Service fees and terms apply.


The ghost of Christmas present has spirited Scrooge to Bob T's home. The clerk, Scrooge, overworks and Underpays and regularly humiliates before they enter the house. The spirit blesses it with his torch. Then up Rose. Mrs. Raett, Chet's wife dressed out but poorly in a twice turned gown, but brave in ribbons which are cheap and she laid the cloth assisted by Belinda Crochet. Second of her daughters also brave in ribbons while master Peter crochet plunged a fork into the sauce pan of potatoes.


And now two smaller crochets, boy and girl came tearing in screaming that outside the bakkers they had smelt the goose and known it for their own and basking in luxurious thoughts of sage and onion. These young crochets danced about the table. What has ever got? Your precious father then said, Mrs. Raett and your brother tiny Tim and Martha wasn't as late last Christmas day by half an hour. Here's Martha mother said, A girl appearing as she spoke by bless your heart alive, my dear, how late you are said Mrs. Raett kissing her a dozen times, taking off her shawl and bonnet for her with a fishes, zeal weed, a deal of work to finish up last night, replied to the girl and had to clear away this morning Mother, well, nevermind so long as you are calm, said Mrs.


Raett, sit you down before the fire my dear, and have a warm Lord bless you. No, no, there's Father coming by. The two young crochets who were everywhere at once hide. Martha hide. So Martha hid herself and in came Bob the father and tiny Tim upon his shoulder last for Tiny Tim, he bore a little crutch and had his limbs supported by an iron frame. Why? Where's our Martha cried Bob crochet. Looking round not coming, he said. Mrs. Crochet not coming, said Bob with a sudden decension in his high spirits for he had been Tim's horse all the way from church not coming upon Christmas day.


Martha didn't like to see him disappointed if it were only a joke. So she came out prematurely from behind the closet door and ran into his arms while the two young crochets hustled tiny Tim and bore him off to the wash house that he might hear the Christmas pudding singing while it cooked. And how did little Tim behave as Mrs. Crochet, as good as gold said Bob and better. Somehow he gets thoughtful sitting by himself so much and thinks the strangest things you ever heard. He told me coming home that he hoped the people saw him in the church because he was a cripple and it might be pleasant to them to remember upon Christmas day who made lame beggars walk and blind men see Bob's voice was tremulous when he told them this and trembled more when he said that tiny Tim was growing strong and hearty.


His active little crutch was hurt upon the floor and back came tiny Tim before another word was spoken, escorted by his brother and sister to his stool before the fire and the two you ubiquitous young crochets went to fetch the goose with which they soon returned in high procession. Such a bustle ensued. You might've thought a goose. The rarest of all birds as a scratch, it made the gravy ready beforehand. In a little sauce, pan hissing hot master Peter mashed the potatoes with incredible vigor. Bob took tiny Tim beside him in a tiny corner at the table. The two young crochets said chairs for everybody not forgetting themselves and mounting guard upon their posts, crams spoons into their mouths.


Thus they should shriek for gooses before their turn came to be helped. At last the dishes were set on and grace was said That wasn succeeded by a breathless pause as Mrs. Raett looking slowly all along the carving knife prepared to plunge it in the breast. But when she did and when the long expected gush of stuffing issued forth, one murmur of delight rose all around the board and even tiny Tim, excited by the two young crochets, beat on the table with the handle of his knife and cried feebly her. Ah, Bob said he didn't believe there ever was such a goose cooked its tenderness and flavor, size and cheapness with the themes of universal admiration.


Doubt by applesauce and mashed potatoes That wasn a sufficient dinner for the whole family. But now the plate's being changed by Ms. Belinda. Mrs. Raett left the room to take the pudding up and bring it in. In half a minute she entered flushed, but smiling proudly with the pudding like a speckled cannon ball so hard and firm blazing and half of half a quart of ignited brandy and be delighted with Christmas. Holly stuck into the top. Oh, a wonderful pudding, Bob Raett said and calmly too that he regarded it as the greatest success achieve by Mrs.


Raett since their marriage. Everybody had something to say about it, but nobody said or thought That wasn a small pudding for a large family it would've been heresy to do so. Any crochet would've blushed to hint at such a thing. At last, the dinner was all done, the cloth was cleared, the hearth swept and the fire made up. And then Bob proposed a Merry Christmas to us all my dear God bless us all, which all the family re echoed. God bless us, everyone said tiny Tim.


The last of all, He sat very close to his father's side upon his little stool, Bob held his withered little hand in his as if he loved the child and wished to keep him by his side and dreaded that he might be taken from him. Spirit said Scrooge, with an interest he had never felt before. Tell me if tiny Tim will live. I see a vacant seat replied the ghost in the poor chimney corner and a crutch without an owner carefully preserved. If these shadows remain unaltered by the future, the child will die.


No, no said scrooge. No, no kind spirit say he will be spared. If these shadows remain unaltered by the future, none other of my race return, the ghost will find him here. What then if he be like to die, he had better do it and decrease the surplus population. Rouge hung his head to hear his own words quoted by the spirit and was overcome with penitence and grief. Man said the ghost, will you decide what men shall live? What men shall die.


It may be that in the sight of heaven you are more worthless and less fit to live than millions. Like this poor man's child, Scrooge bent before the ghost's, rebuke and trembling cast his eyes upon the ground, but he raised them speedily on hearing his own name. Mr. Scrooge said, Bob, I'll give you Mr. Scrooge, the founder of the feast. The founder of the feast indeed cried. Mrs. Crot Reding, I wish I had him here. I'd give him a piece of my mind, a feast upon and I hope he'd have a good appetite for it. Oh my dear said, Bob, it The children is Christmas Day.


It should be Christmas Day. I'm sure said she on which one drinks the health of such an odious, stingy, hard, unfeeling man as Mr. Scrooge. You know he is Robert. Nobody knows it better than you do. Poor fellow. My dear is Bob's mild answer, Christmas day, Oh drink to his health for your sake on the days said Mrs. Crouch not for his long life. To him a merry Christmas and happy New Year, you'll be very merry and very happy. I have no doubt the children drank the toast after her That wasn the first of their proceedings, which had no heartiness.


Tiny Tim drank it last of all, but he didn't care. Two tuppens for it. Scrooge was the ogre of the family. The mention of his name cast a dark shadow in the party, which was not dispelled for full five minutes after it had passed away. They were 10 times merrier than before. From the mere relief of Scrooge, the Baleful being done with and by and by. They had a song about a lost child traveling in the snow from Tiny Tim who had a plaintiff little voice and sang it very well indeed. There was nothing of high Mark in this.


They were not a handsome family. They were not well dressed. Their shoes were far from being waterproof. Their clothes were scanty, but they were happy, grateful, pleased with one another and contended with the time and when they faded and looked happier. Yet in the bright sprinklings of the spirit's torch at BARTing, Scrooge had his eye upon them and especially on Tiny Tim until the last asked, and now without a word of warning from the ghost, they stood upon a bleak and desert moor where monstrous masses of rude stone were cast about as though it were the burial place of giants and nothing grew but moss and furs and coarse rank grass down in the west, the setting sun had left a streak of fiery red, which glared upon the desolation for an instant, like a Suan eye and frowning.


Lower, lower, lower yet was lost in the thick gloom of darkest night. What place is this? As Scrooge Parents want safer online experiences for their teens. That's why Instagram is introducing teen accounts with automatic protections for who can contact teens and the content they can see giving parents more peace of mind. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts. There are some football feelings you can only get with bed.


MGM Sportsbook. That's right, not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits or earning bonus bes. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team shit height, the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at be MGM, the Sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV. Be MGM and game sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements.


Gambling problem Call one 800 gambler


Holiday magic is in the air and Ds W's got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details like gifts to make their eyes all a glow, styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock and more and deals to make your budget bright, finds the perfect shoes for you and yours at A DSW store near you or dsw.com


Ebenezer Scrooge is afraid again. He finds himself in a cold and desolate land. He does not recognize standing outside a minor's hut. Its inhabitants, strangers. And yet there is a lesson here for Scrooge, something the ghost of Christmas present wants him to see Christmas cheers spilling from this most humble of places and humble of hearts. Here's Charles Dickens again. A light shone from the window of a hut and swiftly they advanced toward it. Passing through the wall of mud and stone, they found a cheerful company assembled around a glowing fire.


An old, old man and woman with their children and their children's children and another generation beyond that all decked out galy in their holiday attire. The old man in a voice that seldom rose above the howling of the wind upon the barren waist was singing them a Christmas song. It had been a very old song when he was a boy and from time to time they all joined in the chorus. The spirit did not tear here but bae Scrooge hold his robe and passing on above the mo sp her not to see, to see to scrooge his horror.


Looking back he saw the last of the land, a frightful range of rocks behind them and his ears were deafened by the thundering of water as it rolled and roared and rage among the dreadful caverns that had worn and fiercely tried to undermine the earth until being far away. As he told Scrooge from any shore, they light on a ship. They stood beside the helmsman at the wheel, the lookout in the bow. The officers who had the watch dark ghostly figures in their several stations, but every man among them hummed the Christmas tomb or had a Christmas thought or spoke below his breath to his companion of some bygone Christmas day with Homeward hopes belonging to it.


And every man on board waking or sleeping, good or bad had a kinder word for another on that day than any other in the year and had shared to some extent in its festivities and had remembered those he cared for at a distance and had known that they delighted to remember him. That wasn a great surprise to Scrooge while listening to the moaning of the wind. To hear a hardy laugh That wasn a much greater surprise to Scrooge, to recognize it as his own nephews and to find himself in a bright, dry gleaming room with the spirit standing, smiling by his side and looking at that same nephew with a proving affability.


Ah, laughed, Scrooge, his nephew. If you should happen by any unlikely chance to know a man more blessed in a laugh than Scrooge, his nephew, all I can say is I should like to know him too. Introduce him to me. I'll cultivate his acquaintance. It is a fair, even handed noble adjustment to things that well there is infection and disease and sorrow. There's nothing in the world. So irresistibly contagious as laughter and good humor. When Scrooge, his nephew, laughed in this way, holding his sides, rolling his head and twisting his face into the most extravagant contortions.


Scrooge's niece by marriage laughed as hardly as he and their assembled friends, being not a bit behind them, roared out lust. He said that Christmas was a humbug as I live Christ Scrooge's nephew, he believed it too. More shame for him. Fred said. Scrooge, his niece indignity, he's a comical old fellow, said Scrooge, his nephew. That's the truth and not so pleasant as he might be D or his offenses carry their own punishment and I have nothing to say against him. I'm sure he's very rich. Fred hinted Scrooge's knees and at least you always tell me so.


Oh, one of that my dear said, Scrooge's nephew, his wealth is of no use to him. He don't do anything good with it. He don't make himself comfortable with it. He hasn't dissatisfaction of think he that he's ever gonna benefit us with it. I have no patience with him. Observe Scrooge's niece, Scrooge's niece's, sisters, and all the other ladies expressed the same opinion. Oh, I have said nephew, I'm sorry for him. I couldn't be angry with him if I tried. Who suffers by his ill whims himself always here. He takes it into his head to dislike us and he won't come and dine with us.


What's the consequence? You don't lose much of a dinner? Indeed, I think he loses a very good dinner, interrupted Scrooge's niece. Everybody else said the same and they must be allowed to have been competent judges because they just had dinner and with the dessert upon the table were clustered around the fire by lamp life. I was only going to say, said Scrooge's nephew that the consequence of his taking a dislike to us and not making Mary with us is I think that he loses some pleasant moments, which could do him no harm. I'm sure he loses Pleasanter companions than he can find in his own thoughts, either in his moldy old office or his dusty chambers.


I mean to give him the same chance every year whether he likes it or not for I pity him, he may rail at Christmas until he dies, but he can't help thinking better of it. I defy him if he finds me going there in good temper year after year and saying, uncle Scrooge, how are you if it only puts him in the vein to leave his poor clerk 50 pounds. That's something I think I shook him yesterday That wasn their turn to laugh now at the notion of his shaking scrooge, but being thoroughly good natured and not much carrying what they laughed at so long as they laughed.


He encouraged them in their merriment and pass the bottle joyously after tea. They had some music. Scrooge's niece played well upon the harp and played among other tunes as simple little air. I mean nothing. You might learn to whistle it in two minutes, which had been familiar to the child who fetched Scrooge from the boarding school as he'd been reminded by the ghost of Christmas panas when this strain of music sounded all the things that the ghost had shown them came upon his mind and he softened more and more, but they didn't devote the whole evening to music. After a while they played at Forfeits for it's good to be children sometimes and never better than at Christmas when its mighty.


Founder was a child himself. Stop. There was first a game at Blind Man's buff. Of course there was Scrooge's niche was not one of the blind man's buff party but was made comfortable with a large chair and a footstool and a snug corner where the Ghost and Scrooge were close behind her. But she joined in the forfeits, likewise at the game of how, when and where. She was very great and to the secret joy of Scrooge's nephew beat her sisters hollow. There might have been 20 people there, young and old, but they all played and so did Scrooge for Holy, forgetting the interest he had in what was going on, that his voice made no sound in their ears.


He sometimes came out with his guests quite loud and very often guessed quite right too. The ghost was greatly pleased to find him in this mood and looked on him with such favor that he begged like a boy to be allowed to stay until the guest departed. But this spirit said that could not be done. Here's a new game, said Scrooge. One half hour Spirit only won That wasn a game called yes and no where Scrooge's nephew had to think of something and the rest must find out what he only answered to their questions, yes or no. As the case was the brisk fire of questioning to which he was exposed, elicited from him that he was thinking of an animal, a live animal, a rather disagreeable animal, a savage animal, an animal that growled and grunted sometimes and talked sometimes and lived in London and had every fresh question that was put to him.


His nephew burst into a fresh roar of laughter and was so inex expressively, tickled that he was obliged to get up off the sofa and stamp his feet. At least one of the niece's sisters falling into a similar state cried out. I have found it out. I know what it is, Fred. I know what it is. What is it right Fred? It's your Uncle Scrooge, which is certainly was. He's given us plenty of merriment, I'm sure at Fred and it would be ungrateful not to drink to his health. Here's a glass of Muled wine ready to our hand at the moment.


And I say Uncle Scrooge. Well, uncle Scrooge, they cried a merry Christmas and a happy New Year to the old man. Whatever he is said, Scrooge's nephew, he wouldn't take it from me, but he may have it. Nevertheless, uncle Scrooge had imperceptibly become so gay and light of heart that he would have thanked them all in an inaudible speech if the ghost had given him time. But the whole scene passed off in the breath of the last word spoken by his nephew. And he and the spirit were again upon their travels, much they saw and far they went, and many homes they visited, but always with a happy end.


The spirit stood beside sick beds and they were cheerful on foreign lands and they were close at home, stood by struggling men, and they were patient in their greater hope by poverty. And That wasn rich in all's houses, hospitals, and jails in miseries every refuge where vain man in his little grief authority had not made fast the door and barred the spirit out. He left his blessing and taught Scrooge, his presets That wasn a long night if it were only a night. But Scrooge had his doubts of this That wasn strange too that, but Scrooge remained unaltered in his outward form.


The ghosts grew older, clearly older Scrooge had observed this change, but never spoke of it until they left at Children's 12th night party when looking at the spirit as they stood together in an open place, he noticed that his hair was gray. Our spirit's lives so short as Scrooge. My life upon this globe is very brief. Replied the ghost, it ends tonight. Tonight, cried Scrooge tonight at midnight hark. The time is drawing near the chimes. Were ringing the three quarters past 11 at that moment.


Forgive me if I'm not justified in what I ask, said Scrooge, looking at intent, be at the spirit's robe. But I see something strange and not belonging to yourself protruding from your skirts. Is it a foot or a claw? It might be a claw with a flesh. There is upon That wasn, the spirit's sorrowful reply. Look here from the foldings of its robe, it brought two children, wretched, abject, frightful, hideous, miserable. They knelt down at its feet and clung upon the outside of its garment.


Oh man, look here. Look. Look down here. Exclaim the ghost. They were a boy and a girl. Yellow, meager, ragged, scowling, wolfish. But prostrate too in their humility where graceful youth should have filled their features out and touched them with its freshest tints, a stale and shriveled hand like that of age and pinched and twisted them and pulled them into shreds. Spirit. Are they yours? Scrooge could say no more. They are mans of the spirit looking down upon them.


This boy is ignorance. This girl is want beware of them both and all of their degree, but most of all beware this boy for on his brow. I see that written, which is doom unless the writing be erased. Have they? No refuge or resource cried. Scrooge are there no prisons said the spirit turning on him for the last time with Scrooge. His own words are there no work houses? The bell struck. 12 Scrooge looked about him for the ghost and saw it knocked as the last stroke ceased to vibrate.


He remembered the prediction of old Jacob Marley and lifting up his eyes, beheld, a solemn, phantom, draped and hooded coming like a mist still on the ground towards him. And so this chapter ends, the words still ringing and screw to ears are there, no prisons are there. No workhouses for the first time. New feelings wash over him. Empathy. And yet as this new phantom slings toward him is consumed by dread, he's about to see the most terrifying thing of all the future.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM sports book. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the O's. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team shit, hike the bet. MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and game sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem Call one 800 gambler.