
As a parent, you want what's best for your teen. You want them to grow and thrive in this world, but you also wanna make sure they're staying safe. That's why Instagram is introducing teen accounts with automatic protections for who can contact teens and the content. They can see Instagram teen accounts built in limits for teens and peace of mind for parents. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts.


Get charged up for the all electric accuracy DX experience, impressive range. Your choice of complimentary charging packages, a bang, an Olson premium sound system, and a three month serious XM trial subscription granting you access to ad free music plus sports news, podcasts and more. Visit your local Acura dealer for the most electrifying offers of the season and lease the ZDX for $0 first month's payment and $1 due. Its signing. Make your Future Electric Acura Precision Crafted performance.


I'm Keith Morrison and this is episode two of A Christmas. Carol Old Ebenezer Scrooge has just had the fright of his life. He's been visited by the ghost of his old business partner, Jacob Marley. Marley tells Scrooge he's been roaming the earth since the very day of his death, haunted by his own story of stinginess and greed. He'd like to change it all, but it's too late now and he warned Scrooge that he too is destined for a tortured afterlife if he doesn't mend his ways as if all that isn't announced.


The ghost of Marley announces that Scrooge will be visited again by three more ghosts. Beginning when the clock strikes one. We pick up our story as Ebenezer wakes from a fitful sleep confused and as Dickens writes with one eye on the clock, when Scrooge woke That wasn so dark that looking out of bed, he could scarcely distinguish the transparent window from the opaque walls of his chamber. He was endeavoring to pierce the darkness with his ferret eyes when chimes of a neighboring church struck the four quarters, so he listened for the hour To his great astonishment.


The heavy bell went on from six to seven and from seven to eight and regularly up to 12 and then stopped 12 That wasn past two when he went to bed, the clock was wrong. An icicle must have gotten into the works. 12. Why it isn't possible said Scrooge, that I can have slept through a whole day and far into another night. It isn't possible that anything has happened to the sun and this is 12 at noon, the idea of being an alarming one, he scrambled out of bed and groped his way to the window.


He was obliged to rub the frost off with the speed of his dressing gown before he could see anything and you can see very little then all he could make out was that That wasn still foggy and extremely cold and that there was no noise of people running to and fro as there unquestionably would've been. If Knight had beaten off bright day and taken possession of the world, Scrooge went to bed again and thought and thought and thought it over and over and over and could make nothing of it. The more he thought, the more perplexed he was and the more he endeavored not to think, the more he thought Marley's ghost bothered him exceedingly.


Every time he resolved within himself after mature inquiry that That wasn all the dream, his mind flew back again like a strong spring released to its first position and presented the same problem to be worked all through. Was it a dream or not? Scrooge lay in this state until the chime had gone three quarters more when he remembered on a sudden that the ghost had warned him of a visitation. When the bell told one he resolved to lie awake until the hour was passed, he was more than once convinced he must have sunk into a dose unconsciously and missed the clock, but at length it broke upon his listening ear the hour itself said Scrooge triumphantly and nothing else.


He spoke before the A bells sounded, which now it did with a deep dull, hollow melancholy won. Light flashed up in the room upon the instant and the curtains of his bed were drawn aside. I tell you by a hand, not the curtains at his feet nor the curtains at his back, but those to which his face was addressed, the curtains of his bed were drawn aside and Scrooge found himself face to face with the unearthly visitor who drew them. That wasn a strange figure like a child, yet not so like a child as like an old man viewed through some supernatural medium, which gave him the appearance of having receded from the view and being diminished to a child's proportions.


Its hair which hung about its neck and down its back was white as if with age, and yet the face had not a wrinkle in it and the tenders bloom was on the skin. The arms were very long and muscular. The hands the same as if his hold were of uncommon strength. It were a tunic of the purest white and round its waist was found illustrious belt, the sheen of which was beautiful. It held a branch of fresh green hawley in its hand and had its dress trimmed with summer flowers. But the strangest thing about That wasn that from the crown of its head there sprung a bright, clear jet of light.


Even this though, when Scrooge looked at it with increasing steadiness was not its strangest quality, whereas its belt sparkled and glittered now in one part and now in another. And what was light one instant and at another time was dark. So the figure itself fluctuated in its distinctness being now a thing with one arm. Now with one leg now with 20 legs now a pair of legs without a head ahead, no ahead without a body of which dissolving parts, no outline would be visible in the dense bloom wherein they melted away.


And in the very wonder of this, it would be itself again, distinct and clear as ever. Are you the spirit, sir? Who's coming was foretold to me. Ask Scrooge, I am voice was soft and gentle, singularly low as if instead of being so close beside him, it were at a distance. Oh, and what are you Scrooge demanded. I am the ghost of Christmas. Past long, past inquired Scrooge. No, your past.


It put out its strong hand as it spoke and passed him gently by the arm rise and walk with me. It would have been in vain for Scrooge to plead that the weather the hour were not adapted to pedestrian purposes. That bed was warm and the thermometer a long way below freezing that he was clad but lightly in his slippers and dressing gown and nightcap and that he had a cold upon him at that time, a Jew, The grass, though gentle as a woman's hand was not to be resisted.


He rose, but finding that the spirit made towards the window clashed his robe In supplication I'm a mortal, SC demonstrated and liable to fall bear, but a touch of my hand there said the spirit laying it upon his heart, and you shall be upheld in more than this. As the words were spoken, they passed through the wall and stood upon an open country road with fields on either hand. The city had entirely vanished. Now the vestige of That wasn to be seen, the darkness and the mist had vanished with it.


For That wasn, a clear cold winter day with snow upon the ground, good heaven. Such rouge clasping his hands together as he looked about him. I was bred in this place. I was a boy here. The spirit gazed upon him mildly its gentle touch though it had been light and instantaneous appeared still present to the old man's sense of feeling. He was conscious of a thousand odors floating in the air. Each one connected with a thousand thoughts and hopes and joys and cares. Long, long forgotten. Your lip is trembling, said the ghost.


And what is that? Upon your cheek? Scrooge muttered with an unusual catching in his voice that That wasn a pimple and begged the ghost to lead him where he would you recollect the way inquired the spirit. Remember it. Christ scrooge with fervor. I could walk it blindfolded. Could it be that Ebenezer actually possesses feelings after all and a visit to his boyhood home would suddenly warm the coldest of hearts? Oh, if only it were that simple.


As a parent, you want what's best for your teen. You want them to grow and thrive in this world, but you also wanna make sure they're staying safe. That's why Instagram is introducing teen accounts with automatic protections for who can contact teens and the content. They can see Instagram teen accounts built in limits for teens and peace of mind for parents. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs in technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences, and more. You'll sort in new heights just like the Wright brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio and yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right, not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up the same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET M gm. These sports book born in Vegas. Bet MGM and game Sense remind you to play responsibly. Cbet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only US promotional offers not available in dc, Mississippi, New York, Nevada, Ontario, or Puerto Rico. Gambling problem. Call one 800 gambler available in the US for New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text HOPE NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 for Arizona Call one 800. Next step for Massachusetts 1-800-327-FIVE 0 5 0 for Iowa one 800 that's off for Puerto Rico. 1-800-981-ZERO 0 2 3 Subject to eligibility requirements in partnership with Kansas Crossing Casino and Hotel,


They walked along the road Scrooge recognizing every gate and post and tree until a little market town appeared in the distance with its bridge, its church and winding river. Some shaggy ponies now were seen trotting toward them with boys on their backs who called other boys in country gigs and carts driven by farmers. All these boys were in great spirits and shouted to each other until the broad fields were so full of merry music that the crisp air laughed to hear it. These are but shadows of the things that have been said. The ghost, they have no consciousness of Oz.


The happy travelers came on and as they came, Scrooge knew and named every one of them. Why was he rejoiced beyond all bounds to see them? Why did his cold eye glisten and his heart leap up as they went past? Why was he filled with gladness when he heard them give each other merry Christmas as they parted at crossroads and byways for their several homes? What was Merry Christmas to Scrooge? What good had it ever done to him? The school is not quite deserted, said the ghost. A solitary child neglected by his friends is left there still.


Scrooge said he knew it and he sawed. They left the high road by a well remembered lane and soon approached a mansion of dull red brick with a little weathercock mounted jula on the roof and a bell hanging in That wasn, a large house but one of of broken fortunes for the spacious rooms were little used. Their walls were damp and mossy. Their windows broken and their gates decayed, fouls, clucked and strutted in the stables and the coach houses and sheds were overrun with grass entering the dreary hall and glancing through the open doors of many rooms.


They found them poorly furnished, cold, vast. There was an earthy saver in the air, a chilly bareness in the place which associated itself somehow with too much getting up by candlelight and not too much to eat. They went the ghost and scrooge across the hall to a door at the back of the house. It opened before them and disclosed a long bear melancholy room. A lonely boy was reading near a feeble fire and Scrooge wept to see his poor forgotten self as he used to be.


The spirit touched him on the arm and pointed to his younger self and intent upon his reading. And suddenly a man in foreign garments, wonderfully real and distinct to look at, stood outside the window with an ax stuck in his belt and leading by the bridal. A donkey laden with wood. Why It's Alibaba. Scrooge exclaimed an ecstasy. It's dear old, honest Alibaba. Yes, yes, I know. One Christmas time when yonder solitary child was left here all alone. He did come for the first time just like that. To hear a scrooge expending all the earnestness of his nature on such subjects in a most extraordinary voice between laughing and crying and to see his heightened and excited face would've been a surprise to his business.


Friends of the city. Indeed, there's the parrot cried scrooge, green body and yellow tail with a thing like a lettuce growing out of the top of its head. There he is. Poor Robin Cruso. He called him when he came home again after sailing round the island. Then with the rapidity of transition, very foreign to his usual character. He said in pity of his former self, poor boy and cried again. I wish Scrooge muttered putting his hand in his pocket and looking about him after drying his eyes with his cuff.


But it's too late now. What is the matter? Ask the spirit. Nothing said Scrooge, nothing. There was a boy singing A Christmas Carol at my door last night and I should like to have given him something that's all. The ghost smiled thoughtfully and waved its hand saying as it did. So let us see another Christmas Scrooge's former self grew larger at the words and the room became a little darker and more dirty. The panels shrunk, the windows cracked, fragments of plaster fell out of the ceiling.


How all this was brought about, Scrooge knew no more than you do. He only knew that That wasn quite correct that everything had happened. So there he was alone again when all the other boys had gone home for the Jolly Holidays. He was not reading now, but walking up and down de sparingly, Scrooge looked at the ghost and with a mournful shaking of his head, glanced anxiously toward the door it opened and a little girl, much younger than the boy came darting in and putting her arms about his neck and often kissing him, addressed him as her.


Dear, dear brother, I have come to bring you home. Dear brother said, the child clapping her tiny hands and bending down to laugh to bring you home, home, home, home. Little fan return the boy yes said the child, brimful of glee, home for good and all home, forever and ever. Father is so much kinder than he used to be that home's like heaven. He spoke to me gently. One dear night when I was going to bed that I was not afraid to ask him once more if you might come home. And he said, yes you should.


And sent me in a coach to bring you and you are to be a man. So the child opening her eyes and are never to come back here again. But first we're to be together all the Christmas long and have the mest time in the world. You are quite a woman. Little fan, exclaimed the boy. She clapped her hands and laughed and tried to touch his head, but being too little laughed again and stood on tiptoe to embrace him. Then she began to drag him and her childish eagerness toward the door and he accompanied her A terrible voice in the hall cried, bring down Master Scrooge's box there and in the hall appeared the school master himself who glared on master Scrooge with a ferocious condescension and threw him into a dreadful state of mind by shaking hands with him.


Master Scrooge's trunk being by this time tied to the top of the carriage, the children bathed the school master goodbye, right willingly, always a delicate creature whom a breath might have withered, said the ghost, but she had a large heart, so she had Fred Scrouge. You are right, she died. A woman said the ghost and had as I think children, one child sc who returned true said the ghost. Your nephew Scrooge seemed uneasy in his mind and answered briefly yes, although they had but that moment left the school behind them.


They were now in the busy, thorough affairs of a city where shadowy passengers passed and really passed where shadowy carts and coaches battled for the way and all the strife and tumult of a real city were That wasn made plain enough by the dressing of the shops that here too, That wasn Christmas time again, but That wasn evening and the streets were lighted up. The ghost stopped at a certain warehouse door and asked Scrooge if he knew it. Know it said Scrooge. I was apprenticed here they went in at sight of an old gentleman in a Welsh week sitting behind such a high desk that if he had been two inches taller, he must have knocked his head against the ceiling.


Scrooge cried and great excitement. Why? It's old Fezziwig. Bless his heart, it's fezziwig. Alive again. Old fezziwig laid down his pen and looked up at the clock, which pointed to the hour of seven. He rubbed his hands, adjusted his capacious, waistcoat, laughed all over himself from his shoes to his organ of benevolence and called out in a comfortable, oily, rich, fat, jovial voice. Yoho there Ebenezer. Dick scog, his former self now grown. A young man came briskly in accompanied by his fellow apprentice, duke Wilkins, to be sure, said Scrooge to the ghost.


Bless me. Yes, there he is. He was very much attached to me was Dick. Poor Dick. Dear, dear yo ho, my boys said fiz week, no more work tonight. Christmas Eve, Dick Christmas, Ebenezer, let's have the shutters up. Great old fezziwig with a sharp clap of his hands. You wouldn't believe how those two fellows went at it. They charged into the street with the shutters. 1, 2, 3. They had 'em up in their places. 4, 5, 6, barred them and pinned them. 7, 8, 9, and came back before you could have got to 12 panting like race horses.


Ili ho cried old, skipping down from the high desk with wonderful agility. Clear away my lads and let's have lots of room here. Clear away. There was nothing they wouldn't have cleared away or couldn't have cleared away with old fuzzy wig looking on That wasn done in a minute. The floor was swept and watered. The lamps were trimmed. Fuel was heaped upon the fire and the warehouse was as snug and warm and dry and bright. A ballroom as you would desire to see on a winter's night. In came a fiddler with a music book. In came Mrs. Fezziwig one vast substantial smile.


In came the three miss wigs beaming and lovable. In came the six young followers whose hearts they stole. In came all the young men and women employed in the business. In came the housemate with her cousin the Bakker. In came the cook with her brother's particular friend, the milkman. In came the boy from over the way who was suspected of not having bored enough from his master trying to hide himself behind the girl from next door. But one who was proved to have had her ears pulled by her mistress in they all came one after another, some shyly, some boldly, some gracefully, some awkwardly, some pushing, some pulling in.


They all came anyhow and every how the way they all went. 20 couples at once hand, half round and back again the other way down the middle and up again. Brown and brown. There were more dances and more dances and there was cake and there was a great piece of cold roast and there were MIT pies and plenty of beer. But the great effect of the evening came after the roast. When the clock struck 11, this domestic ball broke up. Mr. And Mrs. Fezziwig took their stations one on either side of the door and shaking hands with every person individually as he or she went out, wished him or her a merry Christmas when everybody had retired.


But the two apprentices, they did the same to them and thus the cheerful voices died away and the lads were left to their beds, which were under a counter in the back shop. During the whole of this time, Scrooge had acted like a man out of his wits. His heart and soul were in the scene and with his former self, he remembered everything, enjoyed everything and underwent the strangest agitation That wasn. Not until now when the bright faces of his former self and Dick returned from them, that he remembered the ghost and became conscious that That wasn looking full upon him while the light upon its head burnt, very clear, the small matter said the ghost.


To make these silly folks so full of gratitude, small, a good scrooge, the spirit signed to 'em to listen to the two apprentices who were pouring out their hearts and praise of wig. And when he had done so said, why is it not he is spent but a few pounds of your mortal money? Three or four perhaps. Is that so much that he deserves this praise? It isn't that since rouge heated by the remark and speaking unconsciously like his former, not his lat herself, it isn't that spirit. He has the power to render us happy or unhappy to make our service light or burdensome.


A pleasure or a toil say that his power lies in words and looks in things so slight and insignificant that it is impossible to add and count 'em up. What then The happiness he gives is quite as great as if it cost a fortune. He felt the spirit's glance and stopped. What is the matter as the ghost? Nothing particular said, Scrooge. Something. I think the ghost insisted. No said Scrooge. No. I should like to be able to say a word or two to my clerk just now. That's all his former self turned down.


The lamps and scrooge in the ghost again stood side by side in the open air. My time grows short. Observe the spirit quick. This was not addressed as Scrooge or to anyone whom he could see, but it produced an immediate effect for, again, Scrooge saw himself. He was older now a man in the prime of life. His face had not the harsh and rigid lines of later years, but it had begun to wear the signs of care and avarice. There was an eager, greedy, restless motion in the eye, which showed the passion that had taken root and where the shadow of the growing tree would fall.


Oh, there would be no more fuzzy wig. Now what Ebenezer is going to see now is not nearly as heartwarming. Oh no, not at all.


Parents want safer online experiences for their teens. That's why Instagram is introducing teen accounts with automatic protections for who can contact teens and the content they can see giving parents more peace of mind. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences and more. You'll soar to new heights just like the Wright brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio and yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bed. MGM Sportsbook. That's right, not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up the same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, good. The bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at bet mgm. These sportsbook born in Vegas bet MGM and game sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only US promotional offers not available in dc, Mississippi, New York, Nevada, Ontario, or Puerto Rico. Gambling problem. Call one 800 gambler available in the US for New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text HOPE NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 for Arizona. Call one 800. Next step for Massachusetts 1-800-327-FIVE 0 5 0 for Iowa one 800 That's off for Puerto Rico. 1-800-981-ZERO 0 2 3 subject to eligibility requirements in partnership with Kansas Crossing Casino and Hotel.


The spirit from the past is about to show Ebenezer himself as a young adult. He's with a young woman named Belle, his fiance. In fact, she had once loved him, but she is going to tell him he has changed for he has a new mistress money, but I'm getting ahead of myself here again the words of Charles Dickens. He was not alone but sat by the side of a fair young girl in a morning dress.


In whose eyes there were tears, which sparkled in the light that Shawn out of the ghost to Christmas past. It matters little she said softly to you very little. Another idol has displaced me and if it can cheer and comfort you in time to come as I would've tried to do, I have no, just cause to grieve what idol has displaced you. You rejoined a golden one. This is the even had to dealing of the world. He said there is nothing on which it is so hard as poverty and there is nothing at professes to condemn with such severity as the pursuit of wealth.


You fear the world too much. She answered gently. All your other hopes have merged into the hope of being beyond the chance of its sorted. Reproach. I have seen your noble aspirations fall off one by one until the master passion gain eng grosses. You have I not What? Then I retorted. Even if I have grown so much wiser, what then I'm not changed toward you. She shook her head. Am I? Our contract is an old one That wasn made when we were both poor and content to be so until in good season we could improve our worldly fortune by our patient industry.


You are changed when That wasn made. You were another man. I was a boy. He said impatiently your own feeling tells you that you were not what you are. She returned. I am. That which promised happiness when we were one in heart is fraught with misery now that we are too. How often and how keenly have I thought of this? I will not say it is enough that I have thought of it and can release you. Have I ever sought release in words?


No. Never in what then? In a changed nature, in an altered spirit, in another atmosphere of life. Another hope as its great end in everything that made my love any worth or value in your sight? If this had never been between us, said the girl looking mildly but with steadiness upon him. Tell me, would you seek me out and tried to win me now? Oh no. He seemed to yield to the justice of this supposition in spite of himself. But he said with a struggle, you think not?


I would gladly think otherwise if I could, she answered. Heaven knows when I have learned a truth like this, I know how strong and irresistible it must be. But if you were free today, tomorrow, yesterday, can even I believe that you would choose a doubtless girl, you who in your very confidence with her weighing everything by gain or choosing her. If for a moment you were false enough to your one guiding principle to do so. Do I not know that your repentance and regret would surely follow?


I do. And I release you with a full heart, with a love of him. You once were, he was about to speak, but with her head turned from him, she resumed you may. And the memory of what is past have makes me hope you will have pain in this a very, very brief time and you will dismiss the recollection of it gladly as an unprofitable dream from which it happened. Well that you awoke. May you be happy in the life you've chosen. She left him and they parted.


Spirit said, Scrooge, show me no more conduct me home. Why do you delight to torture me? One shadow more exclaimed the ghost. No more grad, scooch. No more. I don't wish to see it. Show me no more. But the relentless ghost ped him in both his arms and forced him to observe what happened next. They were in another scene in place, a room not very large or handsome, but full of comfort. Near to the winter. Fire sat a beautiful young girl. So like that last, that scrooge believed That wasn the same until he saw her now a comely matron sitting opposite her.


The noise in this room was perfectly tumultuous where there were more children there than Scrooge in his agitated state of mind could count. The consequences were uproarious beyond belief, but no one seemed to care. On the contrary, the mother and daughter laughed heartily and enjoyed it very much. And the latter soon beginning to mingle in the sports got village by the young Brighams most ruthlessly, but I would not have given to be one of them. But now a knocking at the door was heard and such a rush immediately ensued that she with laughing face and plundered dress was born toward it in the center of a flushed and boisterous group, just in time to greet the father who came home, attended by a man laden with Christmas toys and presents.


Then the shouting and the struggling and the onslaught that was made on that defenseless porter. The scaling him with chairs for ladders to dive into his pockets, to spoil him of brown paper parcels. Hold on tight by his cravat, hug him round his neck, humel his back, kick his legs in irrepressible affection. The shouts of wonder and delight with which the development of every package was received. The terrible announcement that the baby had been taken in the act of putting a doll's frying pan into his mouth and was more the suspected of having swallowed a fictitious Turkey glued on wooden platter.


The immense relief of finding this was a false alarm. The joy and gratitude and ecstasy, they're all indescribable alike. It is enough that by degrees, the children and their emotions got out of the parlor and by one stare at a time up to the top of the house where they went to bed and so subsided. And now Scrooge looked on more attentively than ever. When the master of the house having his daughter leaning, fond beyond him, sat down with her and her mother at his own fireside. And when he thought that such another creature quite as graceful and as full of promise might have called him father and had been a springtime in the haggard winter of his life.


Well, his sight grew very dim. Deed Bell said. The husband turning to his wife with a smile. I saw an old friend of yours this afternoon. Who was it? Guess how can I? I don't know. She added in the same breath, laughing as he laughed. Mr. Scrooge, Mr. Scrooge, That wasn. I passed his office window as That wasn not shut up and he had a candle inside. I could scarcely help seeing him. His partner lies upon the point of death, I hear.


And there he sat alone, quite alone in the world. I do believe Spirit said, Scrooge in a broken voice, remove me from this place. I told you these were shadows of the things that have been to the ghost, that they are what they are. Do not blame me. Remove me. Scrooge exclaimed. I cannot bear it. He turned upon the ghost and seeing that it looked upon him with a face in which in some strange way, there were fragments of all the faces it had shown him.


Wrestled with it. Leave me, take me back. Haunt me no more. He was conscious of being exhausted and overcome by an irresistible drowsiness and further of being in his own bedroom. His hand relaxed and had barely time to reel to bed before he sank into a heavy sleep. He sees it now to the happiness that could have been his if only he thought less of his wallet and more of his heart.


But his torments are not over. They are just beginning


Top reasons. Your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences, and more. You'll sort in new heights just like the Wright brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio. And yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to. Have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.