
Parents want safer online experiences for their teens. That's why Instagram is introducing teen accounts with automatic protections for who can contact teens and the content they can see giving parents more peace of mind. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts.


There are some football feelings you can only get with Bed M Sportsbook. That's right, not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team height, the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM in game sense. Remind you to play responsibly cbet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem Call one 800 gambler.


He may just be the meanest Christmas villain of all time. The man who counts his money while children starve, who mocks the sick and begrudges his most loyal friends. Even the tiniest bit of happiness. Oh yes, he's the OG of bad guys. Alright. Darth Vader, the Grinch Voldemort all rolled into one evil lump of a man now, but just you wait. This nasty piece of work will get his comeuppance and in the most unexpected and satisfying way. I'm speaking of course of Ebenezer Scrooge. I'm Keith Morrison and this is season two of Morrison Mysteries. Our story is set in the 1840s London, England. It's winter cold and bleak, but it's Christmas Eve, the warmth and joy of the season of giving permeate the grave fog of the city in all places, but one the tiny shriveled heart of Ebenezer Scrooge as we begin, Scrooge is sitting in his office, barking orders at his kind hearted clerk, Bob Crot, who's only hoping to have Christmas day off to spend time with his family, especially his desperately ill son, tiny Tim, but LOEs and Scrooge doesn't give a thought to any of that. No crochet's family means nothing to Scrooge and Christmas. A passing annoyance, A waste of valuable time. Yes and mean Scrooge was second to none except just possibly to his old business partner. The greedy Jacob Marley who'd pinched his last penny and died seven years before the Christmas eve of our story. In fact, its thoughts of Marley that began Charles Dickens A Christmas Carol Marley was dead to begin with. There was no doubt whatever about that the register of his burial was signed by the clergyman, the clerk, the undertaker, the chief Mourner Scrooge signed it and Scrooge's name was good for anything. He chose to put his hand to old Marley was as dead as a doornail Scrooge and he were partners for I don't know how many years. Scrooge was his sole executor, his sole administrator, his sole assigned his sole friend and his sole mourner and even Scrooge was not so dreadfully


cut up by the sad event. Scrooge never painted out old Marley's name there. It stood years afterwards above the warehouse door, Scrooge and Marley, sometimes people new to the business called Scrooge, Scrooge and sometimes Marley, but he answered to both names That wasn all the same To him. Oh, but he was at tight-fisted hand to the grindstone Scrooge, a squeezing, wrenching, grasping, scraping, clutching, covet as old sinner, hard and sharp as Flint secret and self-contained and solitary as an oyster.


The cold within him froze his old features nipped, his pointed nose, shriveled his cheek, stiffened his gait made his eyes red, his thin lips blue and spoke out shrewdly in his gring voice. Nobody ever stopped him in the street to say with glad some looks. My dear Scrooge, how are you? When will you come to see me? No. Beggars implored him to bestow a trifle. No children asked him what That wasn o clock. No man or woman ever once in all his life inquired the way to such and such a place of scrooge. But what did Scrooge care That wasn the very thing he liked to wedged his way along the crowded paths of life, warning all human sympathy to keep its distance.


Once upon the time of all the good days of the year on Christmas Eve all screwed. Sat busy in his counting house That wasn cold, bleak, biting, weather foggy and he could hear the people in the court outside go wheezing up and down, beating their hands upon their breasts and stabbing their feet upon the pavement stones to warm up the city. Clocks had only just gone three, but That wasn quite dark already and candles were flaring in the windows of the neighboring offices like ruddy smears upon the palpable brown air. The fog came pouring in at every chink and keyhole and was so dense that although the court was the narrowest, the house's opposite were mere phantoms.


The door acru counting house was open that he might keep his eye upon his clerk, who in a dismal little cell beyond was copying letters. Scrooge had a very small fire, but the clerk's fire was so very much smaller that it looked like one coal, but he couldn't replenish it for Scrooge kept the coal box in his own room. Therefore the clerk put on his white comforter and tried to warm himself at the candle in which effort? Not being a man of strong imagination, he failed a Merry Christmas uncle God save you quite a cheerful voice That wasn the voice of Scrooge's nephew who came upon him so quickly that this was the first intimation he had of his approach.


Ba said Scrooge humbug. He had so heated himself with rapid walking in the fog and frost, this nephew of SC Scogs that he was all a glow. His face was ruddy and handsome. His eyes sparkled Christmas. A humbug uncle said Scrooge, his nephew, you don't mean that. I'm sure I do, said Scrooge. Merry Christmas. What right of you to be merry. What reason of you to be merry? You're poor enough? Come then return the nephew. Galey. What? Right have you to be dismal? What reason have you to be morose? You're rich enough.


Scrooge having no better answer. Ready on the spur of the moment, said ba again and followed it up with a bug. Don't be cross uncle said the nephew. What else can I be return the uncle when I live in such a world of fools is this Merry Christmas out with Merry Christmas. What's Christmas time to you but a time for paying bills without money, A time for finding yourself a year older but not an hour richer. If I could work my will to scrouge indignity every idiot who goes about with me Christmas on his lips should be boiled with his own pudding and buried with a stake of Holly through his heart.


He should. Uncle Pleaded the nephew. Nephew returned the uncle sternly. Keep Christmas in your own way and let me keep it in mind, but I've always thought of Christmas said the nephew as a good time, a kind, forgiving, charitable, pleasant time. The only time I know of in the long calendar of the year when men and women seem by one consent to open their shut up hearts freely to think of people below them as if they really were a fellow passenger to the grave and not just another race of creatures bound on other journeys.


And therefore uncle, though it has never put a scrap of gold or silver in my pocket, I believe it's done me good and will do me good and I say, God bless it. The clerk involuntarily applauded and then becoming immediately sensible of the impropriety, he poked the fire and extinguished the last frail spark forever. Let me hear another sound from you said Scrooge and you'll keep your Christmas by losing your situation. Don't be angry uncle. Come dine with us tomorrow. Said the nephew, why did you get married?


Said Scrooge, because I fell in love. Because you fell in love growled scrooge as if that were the only one thing in the world. More ridiculous than a merry Christmas. Good afternoon. Hey uncle, but you never came to see me before that happened. Why give it as a reason for not coming now? Good afternoon, said rouge. I want nothing from you. I asked nothing of you. Why can't we be friends? Good afternoon, said Scrouge. I'm sorry with all my heart to find you so resolute. We've never had any quarrel to which I've been a party, but I've made the trial and homage to Christmas and I'll keep my Christmas humor to the last.


So a merry Christmas uncle. Good afternoon, said Scrouge and a happy new year. Good afternoon, said Scrouge. His nephew left the room without an angry word. Notwithstanding he stopped at the outer door to bestow the greetings of the season on the clerk who cold as he was was warmer than Scrooge for he returned them cordially. There's another fellow butted Scrooge who overheard him. My clerk was 15 shillings a week and a wife and family talking about a merry Christmas. The clerk in letting Scrooge's nephew out had let two other people in.


They were portly gentlemen, pleasant to behold and now stood with their hats off and Scrooge his office. They had books and papers in their hands and they bowed To him. Scrooge and Marley's, I believe said one other gentlemen referring to his list, have I the pleasure of addressing Mr. Scrooge or Mr. Marley? Mr. Marley has been dead these seven years. Scrooge replied, he died seven years ago this very night at this festive season of the year. Mr. Scrooge said the gentleman digging up a pen. It is more than usually desirable that we should make some slight provision for the poor and the destitute who suffer greatly at the present time.


Many thousands are in want of common necessities, hundreds of thousands or in want of common comforts. Sir, are there no prisons asked Scrooge of plenty of prisons said the gentleman laying down the pen again and the union workhouses demanded Scrooge. Are they still in operation? They are still return the gentlemen. I wish I could say they were not. A few of us are endeavoring to raise a fund to buy the poor some meat and drink and means of warmth. We choose this time because it's a time of all others when want is keenly felt and abundance rejoices, which shall I put you down for nothing?


Scrooge applied. You wish to be anonymous. I wish to be left alone said Scrooge. Since you asked me what I wish, gentlemen, that is my answer. I don't make myself marry at Christmas and I can't afford to make idle people marry. I help to support the establishments I have mentioned and they cost enough. Those who are badly off must go there. Well, many can't go there and many would rather die if they would rather die since Scrooge. They better do it and decrease the surplus population. It's not my business. It's enough for a man to understand his own business and not to interfere with other people's.


Mine occupies me constantly. Good afternoon, gentlemen. Seeing clearly that it would be useless to pursue their point. The gentleman withdrew. Meanwhile, the fog and darkness thickened the cold became intense piercing, searching, biting cold. The owner of one cold young nose stooped down at Scrooge's keyhole to regale him with A Christmas Carol with a diverse sound of God. Bless you, merry gentlemen. Let nothing you DeSay crude seized the ruler with such an energy of action that the singer fled in terror, leaving the keyhole to the fog and the frost at length.


The hour of shutting up the counting house arrived with an ill will. Scrooge dismounted from his stool and tacitly admitted the fact to the expectant clerk who instantly snuffed his candle out and put on his hat. You want all day tomorrow, I suppose, said Scrooge if quite convenient, sir. It's not convenient, said Scrooge and it's not fair. If I was to stop half a crown for it, you'd think yourself he'll used I'll be bound. Clerk smiled faintly and yet said Scrooge, you don't think me Ill used when I pay a day's wages for no work.


Clerk observed that. That was only once a year. A poor excuse for picking a man's pocket. Every 25th of December says Scrooge buttoning his great coat to the chin, but I suppose you must have the whole day be here all the earlier the next morning the clerk promised that he would and Scrooge walked out a growl and so kindly Bob Crotchet has been given Christmas day off and rushes home to be with his family.


Scrooge is also on his way home miserable as ever. But if he thinks Christmas has made him unhappy, well he has no idea.


Parents want safer online experiences for their teens. That's why Instagram is introducing teen accounts with automatic protections for who can contact teens and the content they can see giving parents more peace of mind. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bed. MGM Sportsbook. That's right, not just the highs. Woo the O's. Oh or the no, no no's no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team shit, hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and game sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet MG m.com For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem Call one 800 gambler.


The holidays are all about sharing with family meals, couches, stories, grandma secret pecan buy recipe. And now you can also share a cart with Instacart's family carts. Everyone can add what they want to one group cart from wherever they are so you don't have to go from room to room to find out who wants cranberry sauce or whether you should get mini marshmallows for the yams or collecting votes for sugar cookies versus shortbread. Just share a cart and then share the meals and the moments. Download the Instacart app and get delivery in as fast as 30 minutes. Plus, enjoy free delivery on your first three orders. Service fees and terms apply.


Scrooge took his melancholy dinner in his usual melancholy tavern and having read all the newspapers and the guy all the rest of the evening with his banker's book went home to bed. He lived in chambers which had once belonged to his deceased partner. They were a gloomy suite of rooms and a lowering pile of building up a yard where it had so little business to be that one could scarcely help fasting. It must have run there when That wasn a young house playing hide and seek with other houses and forgotten the way out again. That wasn old enough now and dreary enough, but nobody lived in it.


But Scrooge yard was so dark that even Scrooge who knew its every stone was feigned to grope with his hands. The fog and frost so hung about the black old gateway of the house that it seemed as if the genius of the weather sat in mournful meditation on the threshold. Now it's a fact that there was nothing at all particular about the knocker on the door except that That wasn very large. It's also a fact that Scrooge had seen it night and morning during his whole residency in that place, but it also be born in mind that Scrooge had not bestowed one thought on Marley since his last mention of his seven years dead partner that afternoon and then let any man explain to me if he can how it happened.


That Scrooge having his key in the lock of the door saw in the knocker without its undergoing any intermediate process of change. Not a knocker, but Marley's face That wasn not an impenetrable shadow as the other objects in the yard were, but had a dismal light about it That wasn not angry or ferocious, but looked at scrooge as Marley used to look with ghostly spectacles turned up on its ghostly forehead.


The hair was curiously stirred as if by breath or hot hair, and though the eyes were wide open, they were perfectly motionless. That and its livid color made it horrible. As Scrooge looked fixedly at this phenomenon That wasn a knocker again to say that he was not startled or that his blood was not conscious of a terrible sensation would be untrue. But he put his hand upon the key. He had relinquished, turned it sternly, walked in and lighted his candle.


He did pause for the moment's irresolution before he shut the door, and he did look cautiously behind at first as if he had expected to be terrified with the sight of Marley's pigtail sticking out into the hall, but there was nothing on the back of the door except the screws and nuts that held the knocker on. So he said poo poo and closed it with a bang. The sound resounded through the house by thunder, but Scrooge was not a man to be frightened by echoes, he fastened the door and walked across the hall and upped the stairs slowly too.


Trimming his candle as he went. Darkness is cheap and Scrooge liked it, but he walked through his rooms to see that all was right. He had just enough recollection of the face to desire to do that. Sitting room, bedroom, lumber room, all as they should be. Nobody under the table, nobody under the sofa, a small fire in the grate, spoon and basin ready and a little saucepan of gruel upon the stove. Nobody under the bed, nobody in the closet, nobody in his dressing gown, which was hanging up in a suspicious attitude against the wall.


Quite satisfied. He closed his door and locked himself in double locked himself in, which was not his custom, thus secured against surprise. He took off his cravat, put on his dressing gown and slippers and his night cap, and sat down before the fire to take his rule That wasn a very low fire indeed nothing on such a bitter night. He was obliged to sit close to it and brewed over it before he could extract the least sensation of warmth from such a handful of fuel. The fireplace was an old one built by some Dutch merchant long ago and paved all the way around with quaint Dutch tiles designed to illustrate the scriptures.


There were Cas and Abels and Pharaoh's daughters, queens of Sheba, hundreds of figures to attract his thoughts. And yet that face of Marley, seven years dead came like the ancient prophets rod and swallowed up the hole. Humbug said Scrooge and walked across the room. After several turns, he sat down again as he threw his head back in the chair, his glance happened to rest upon a bell, a disused bell that hung in the room That wasn with great astonishment now and with a strange inexplicable dread that as he looked, he saw this bell begin to swing.


It swung so softly in the outset that it scarcely made a sound, but soon it rang out loudly and so did every bell in the house. This might have lasted half a minute or a minute, but it seemed an hour. The bells ceased as they had begun together. They were succeeded by a clanking noise deep down below, as if some person were dragging a heavy chain. The cellar door flew open with a booming sound, and then he heard the noise much louder on the floors below, then coming up the stairs, then coming straight toward his door.


As humbug still said, Scrooge, I won't believe it. His color changed though when without a pause. It came on through the heavy door and passed into the room before his eyes upon its coming in. The dying flame leaped up as though it cried. I know him Marley's ghost. It fell again the same face, the very same name, Marley in his big tail, waistcoat tights and boots. The chain he drew was classed about his middle. That wasn long and wound about him like a tail. And That wasn made for Scrooge, observed it closely of cash boxes, keys, padlocks, ledgers, deeds, and heavy purses rotted steel.


His body was transparent so that Scrooge observing him and looking through his waistcoat could see the two buttons on his coat behind. Though he looked the fathom through and through and saw it standing before him though he felt the chilling influence of its death. Cold eyes. He was still incredulous and fought against his senses. How now since groove caustic and cold as ever. What do you want with me? Much Marley's voice. No doubt about it. Who are you? Ask me who I was.


Who were you then? Since Scrooge raising his voice In life, I was your partner, Jacob Marley.


As a parent, you want what's best for your teen. You want them to grow and thrive in this world, but you also wanna make sure they're staying safe. That's why Instagram is introducing teen accounts with automatic protections for who can contact teens and the content. They can see Instagram teen accounts built in limits for teens and peace of mind for parents. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bed. MGM Sportsbook. That's right, not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bes. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team shit height, the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com. For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements gambling problem, Call one 800 gambler


Instacart Steal Week is coming up from December 17th to December 23rd. That means you can get up to 25% off holiday gifts for the whole family from stores like Best Buy, bath and Body Works, PetSmart and more. And you can get delivery and as fast as 30 minutes. Just think of it as Instacart's little gift to you. And while we're on the subject, why not get a little something for yourself too. Shop deal Week from December 17th to 23rd and save up to 25% on gifts, discounts vary, minimum spend, maximum discount and exclusions apply.


Christmas Eve and Debees are Scrooge as face to face with a ghost of his old partner, Jacob Marley. The ghost is weighed down with the paraphernalia of their greedy money lending business, old ledgers and money boxes and padlocks and keys in life. Marley had been every bit as cheap and nasty as Scrooge. What could he want now in death? Our story continues. Could you sit down as Scrooge looking doubtfully at him? I can do it then.


Scrooge asked the question because he didn't know whether a ghost so transparent might find himself in a condition to take a chair and felt that in the event of its being impossible, it might involve the necessity of an embarrassing explanation. But the ghost sat down on the opposite side of the fireplace as if he was quite used to it. You don't believe in me, observe the ghost. I don't said Scrooge. What evidence would you have of my reality beyond that of your senses? I don't know. Said Scrooge.


Why do you doubt your senses? Because said scrooge, a little thing affects them. A slight disorder of the stomach makes them cheat. You may be an undigested bit of beef, a blot of mustard or crumb of cheese, a fragment of an underdone potato. There's more of gravy than of grave about you. Whatever you are. Rouge was not much in the habit of cracking jokes, nor did he feel in his heart by any means wag then. The truth is that he tried to be smart as a means of distracting his own attention and keeping down his terror.


The ghost's voice disturbed the very marrow of his bones to sit staring at those fixed, glazed eyes in silence for a moment would play Scrooge felt the very deuce with him. That wasn something very awful too in the specter's being provided with an infernal atmosphere of its own. Scrooge could not feel it himself, but this was clearly the case for though the ghost sat perfectly motionless. Its hair and skirts and tassles were all still agitated as if by the hot vapor from an oven. If you see this truth back said, Scrooge returning quickly to the charge for the reason just assigned and wishing though it were only for a second to divert division, stony gaze from himself.


I do reply the ghost. You're not looking at it said scrooge, but I see it said the ghost not for standing. Well return Scrooge. I have to, but swallow this and B, for the rest of my days persecuted by a legion of goblins, all of my own creation. Humbug. I tell you, humbug, the spirit raised a frightful cry and shook its chain with such a dismal and appalling noise that Scrooge held on tight to his chair to save himself from falling in a swoon. But how much greater was his horror when the phantom taking off the bandage round its head as if it were too warm to wear indoors?


Its lower jaw dropped down upon its breast. Scrooge fell upon his knees and clasped his hands before his face. Mercy, he said, dreadful apparition. Why do you trouble me? Man of the worldly mind replied the ghost. Do you believe in me or not? I do said scrooge. I must. But why do spirits walk the earth and why do they come to me? It is required of every man. The ghost return to the spirit within him should walk abroad among his fellow men and travel far and wide.


And if that spirit does not go forth in life, it is condemned to do so after death, it is doomed to wander through the world. Oh, woes me and witness what it cannot share but might have shared on earth and turned to happiness again. The specter raised a cry and shook its chain and rung its shadowy hands. You are fettered, said scrooge tumbling. Tell me why I wear the chain I forged in life. Replied the ghost. I made it link by link and yard by yard.


I girded it on of my own free will and of my own free will. I wore it. Is it patterns strange? Do you trembled more and more or would you know pursued the ghost, the weight and length of the strong coil you bear yourself. That wasn full as heavy and as long as this seven Christmas Eves ago. You have labored on it since it's a ponderous chain. Scrooge glanced about him on the floor in the expectation of finding himself surrounded by some 50 or 60 fathoms of iron cable.


But he could see nothing. Jay, he said Imploringly. Oh, Jacob, Marley, tell me more. Speak comfort to me, Jacob. I have none to give. The ghost replied, I cannot rest. I cannot stay. I cannot linger anywhere. My spirit never walked beyond our counting house. Spark me in my life. My spirit never roved beyond the narrow limits of our money changing hole. And a weary journeys lie before me. That wasn a habit with Scrooge whenever he became thoughtful to put his hands in his pants, pockets wondering on what the ghost had said he did.


So now, but without lifting up his eyes or getting off his knees, you must have been very slow about it. Jacob. Scrooge observed in a businesslike manner, though with humility and deference. Slow the ghost repeated. Seven years dead. You scrooge and traveling all the time. The whole time said the ghost. No rest, no peace. Incessant torture of remorse. Oh, captive bound and double ironed pride. The phantom. No space of regret can make amends for one's life's opportunity misused yet.


Such was I. Oh, such was I. But you were always a good man. A business Jacob, faulted Scrooge, who now began to apply this to himself, business rather, the ghost ringing his hands again. Mankind was my business. The common welfare was my business. Charity, mercy, forbearance, and benevolence were all, all my business. The dealings of my trade were by the drop of water in the comprehensive ocean of my business. It held up its chain at arm's length as if that were the cause of all its unveiling grief and flung it heavily upon the ground.


Again at this time of the rolling gear, the ghost said, I suffer most. Why did I walk through crowds of fellow beings with my eyes turned down and never raised them to that blessed star, which led the wise men to a poor abode where there no poor homes to which its light would've conducted me. Scrooge was very much dismayed to hear the specter going on at this rate and began to quake exceedingly. Hear me cry the ghost. My time is nearly gone.


I, I will said scrooge, but don't be hard upon me. Don't be flowery. Jacob, pray. How is it that I appear before you in a shape you can see? I may not tell. I have sat invisible beside you many and many a day That wasn not an agreeable idea. Scrooge shivered and wiped the perspiration from his brown. I am here tonight to warn you that you have yet a chance and hope of escaping my fate, A chance and hope of my procuring Ebenezer. You Were always a good friend to me, says Scrouge.


Thank you. You will be haunted. Resumed the ghost by three spirits. Screw just countenance fell almost as low as the ghosts had done. Is that the chats and hope? You mentioned Jacob. He demanded in a faltering voice. It is. I think I'd rather not said Scrooge without their visit said the ghost. You cannot hope to shun the path I tread. Expect the first tomorrow when the bell tolls one, couldn't I take 'em all at once and have it over Jacob?


And did Scrooge expect the second on the next night at the same hour, the third, upon the next night when the last stroke of 12 has ceased to vibrate. Look to see me no more and look that for your own sake. You remember what has passed between us when it had said these words, the specter took its wrapper from the table and bound it round its head. As before Scrooge knew this by the smart sound, its teeth made and the jaws were brought together by the bandage. He ventured to raise his eyes again and found his supernatural visitor confronting him in an erect attitude with its chain wound over and about its arm.


The apparition walked backward from him, and at every step it took, the window raised itself a little so that when the ghost reached it, That wasn wide open, it beckon scrooge to approach, which he did when they were within two paces of each other. Marley's ghost held up its hand warning him to come. No nearer. SC stopped. Not so much in obedience as in surprise and fear for on the raising of the hand. He became sensible of confused noises in the air, incoherent sounds of lamentation and regret, wailings and expressively, sorrowful and self accusatory the specter.


After listening for a moment, joined in the mournful dirge and floated out upon the bleak dark night Scrooge followed through the window, desperate. In his curiosity. He looked out the air was filled with phantoms, wandering hither and thither and restless haste and moaning as they went. Every one of them wore chains like Marley's ghost. Some few, they might be guilty. Governments were linked together. None were free. Many had been personally known to Scrooge in their lives.


He had been quite familiar with one old ghost in a white waste coat with a monstrous iron safe attached to his ankle, who cried hideously at being unable to assist a wretched woman with an infant whom had saw the below upon a doorstep. The misery with them all was clearly that they sought to interfere for good in human matters and had lost the power forever. Whether these creatures faded into mist or missed and shrouded them, he could not tell, but they and their spirit voices faded together and the night became as it had been.


When he walked home, Scrooge closed the window and examined the door by which the ghost had entered That wasn double locked as he had locked it with his own hands. And the bolts were undisturbed. He tried to say a bug, but stopped at the first syllable. And being from the emotion he had undergone or the fatigues of the day, or his glimpse of the invisible world, or the dull conversation of the ghost, or the lateness of the hour, much in need of repose, he went straight to bed without undressing and fell asleep upon the instant Exhausted by his ghostly encounters.


Scrooge has collapsed into bed. You'll need his rest because the most stubbornly mean man in all of London is about to take a journey to a terrible place his own life.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, hike the bet. MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at be MGM, the Sports Book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV. Be MGM and game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem Call one 800. Gambling.