
Happy Birthday. They are the families of the Missing in America. Happy birthday here, Celebrating birthdays, but without the guest of honor. It's miss birthdays, miss holidays, And they're desperately searching for answers. Somebody knows where Tyler is. Somebody knows something. Every night before I go to bed, I beg him to come home. In each episode, we will focus on one missing person's case and hear from the families, the friends and the investigators all determined to find them.


Why isn't this just another case? She's a child. I would like to one day to be able to bring her home. That was the only thing going through my head At the time. I have to find her. Listen carefully, because just one small detail might allow you to solve a mystery. Both dogs separately stopped where the trail ended in almost the exact same spot on the road. The officer found the bag and found two cell phones in there. We would look for anything that appeared to be freshly dropped. It could be as simple as a candy wrapper. And if you have a new tip, nine one need, police investigators really need to hear it at this Point.


A lucky break is what often happens. We just need one person to come forward. We have seen miracles happen. These families clinging to hope and what, you know, just might make a difference. Do you think he's still alive? I ha I have to. I have to. I'm Josh Menowitz and I hope you'll join me for season three of our original podcast series, Dateline Missing in America. Follow now to listen to the first episode on Tuesday, July 16th, wherever you get your podcasts. For ad free listening, subscribe to Dateline Premium on Apple or Spotify.


So many twists and turns, there are more Surprises on the way Dateline is on fire. I'm Andrea Canning. Welcome to Dateline True Crime Weekly. A new podcast covering breaking crime news around the country with the best reporters on the case. So in Santa Fe, NBC news analysts and Dateline producers on the ground kind prosecution of DNA, I'll dive into stories that are catching Dateline's attention this week. This is sort of baffling and get to the bottom of what you need to know. The question is, did you really think that you were going to get away with it? Dateline True Crime Weekly. Listen now and catch new episodes every Thursday.