
I need answers. I'm her only voice.


They are members of a society. No one wants to join. The families and friends of the missing. You wake up in the middle of the night, the first thing you think about or easy. It can happen pretty fast, can't it? If it can happen to me, it can happen to anyone, And they would like your help to bring their loved ones home. The not knowing is the hardest part. In each episode of Dateline's award-winning series, we will focus on one missing person's case and hear from the families, the friends, and the investigators all desperate to find them. You're not gonna stop, are you? This was your friend. No, sir. I will not stop. You'll wanna Listen closely because just one small detail could make all the difference. It just happened to be my sister's purse and her library card. She saw there were women wearing her mom's clothing, And when we looked at his booking photo, he had a pockmark face 9 1 1 Looking emergency. Maybe you know something important, maybe you could help investigators solve a mystery. I believe somebody knows something, they just haven't come forward yet, And in one case, we cover this season, I might have encountered the missing person myself. I had a strong sense when I heard her name that I had met your mom. Wow. It's possible you did too. I'm Josh Menowitz and I hope you'll join us for season four of our original podcast series, Dateline Missing in America. Follow now to listen to the first episode Tuesday, June 10th, wherever you get your podcasts. For ad free listening, subscribe to Dateline Premium on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or Dateline premium.com.


Hershey's milk chocolate with whole almonds makes for a holy, amazing, holy delicious experience. That's well holy. Hershey's, everyone to get to experience the satisfying surprise of a whole almond tucked inside creamy Hershey's chocolate. So don't wait your whole life to try Hershey's milk chocolate with whole almonds. And if you've already had it, then chances are you are already a lifelong fan of this confectionary delight. Find Hershey's milk chocolate with whole almonds wherever candy is sold.