1 (2s):
Good morning.

2 (3s):
You are listening in to Dateline Morning meeting in 30 Rockefeller Center. That's

1 (7s):
Great. Also, Tex got released. Tex McGiver, he's freeze out. It's over.

2 (11s):
Our editorial team is catching up on breaking crime news around the country and

1 (15s):
She got about a $6 million payout from the perpetrators. And That wasn was Scott's. What was Scott's motive? Karen? Read that dog bite testimony. It's in.

2 (26s):
Welcome to Dateline True Crime Weekly. I'm Andrea Canning. It's January 16th and here's what's on our docket In West Virginia, a small town pharmacist who made national headlines after being convicted of masterminding a multimillion dollar scam is back in court for allegedly poisoning her husband.

3 (45s):
The theory is that Natalie was concerned that Michael had discovered the ZI scheme and was going to come forward and expose her

2 (54s):
In Dateline Roundup. All the details from Alec Baldwin's explosive lawsuit against New Mexico prosecutors and investigators involved in the Rust trial and Lori Vallow debell. AKA Mommy doomsday is back in court this time defending herself.

4 (1m 10s):
These are serious charges and these are serious consequences for these charges.

2 (1m 15s):
Plus a former medical examiner tells us how hard it really is to get a cause of death from a body, especially a skeleton.

5 (1m 22s):
It's the same when you have a dead body one day or a hundred years dead. You need to know the context. But

2 (1m 29s):
Before all that, we're heading back to a Tennessee courtroom and a story we first told you about last week. 24-year-old Jason Chen is on trial accused of stabbing his girlfriend to death two years ago. Only now his defense team is saying she attacked him. This week we heard opening statements in a Chattanooga courtroom for Jason Chen's murder trial. He's accused of killing 22-year-old Jasmine pace, but the jury is from somewhere else. They've been bust in from Nashville and it's a two hour trip. They are sequestered for this trial. All of that is because when Jasmine went missing over Thanksgiving in 2022, her face was all over tv, including on our affiliate WRCB Local three News.

6 (2m 15s):
Now take another good hard look at your screen. Jasmine is about five feet tall. She has several tattoos on her right arm and shoulder. Anyone with information on where Jasmine may be has asked to call the Chattanooga Police Department.

2 (2m 26s):
Jasmine's body was found about a week later in a suitcase on the side of the road. By then, her boyfriend Jason had already been arrested and his face was all over the news too, but it felt like only the prosecution's case was getting airtime.

6 (2m 41s):
District attorney Cody Wab, argued for no bond, calling him a flight brisk and

7 (2m 45s):
Anywhere this defendant goes, we know based on proof presented today, the community is less safe.

2 (2m 50s):
Jason Chen has pleaded not guilty to charges of first degree murder and abuse of a corpse. And on Monday the jury and Jasmine's mother, who was the first to point the finger at Jason, heard his side of the story for the first time That Wasn laid out during the defense's opening statement. Dateline producer Mario Garcia was there. Mario, thanks for coming on. Thanks

8 (3m 11s):
For having me. Andrea, we

2 (3m 12s):
Talked on the podcast last week about this case. Remind us of the prosecution's

8 (3m 18s):
Argument. The prosecution's argument is that Jasmine disappeared the night that she went to her boyfriend's house. Was never heard from again. And her boyfriend, the person she was seeing at the time was involved. Yeah,

2 (3m 31s):
So there were signs they had gotten in a loud fight, you know, late at night at his apartment, her neighbors heard a woman screaming and then she drops a pin to her mom on her phone.

8 (3m 44s):
Yeah, her mom didn't see it for until a couple days later. And frantic family members had already gone down the road of trying to kind of self investigate the case because they felt that police weren't helping them as much as they wanted.

2 (3m 56s):
Yeah. Investigators weren't even the first people in Jason's apartment. Her mom, Katrina goes to the location and starts, as you said, playing detective.

8 (4m 6s):
This family got into the apartment maybe illegally, maybe not. What Katrina said on the stand is Jasmine's father Travis Pace, used the credit card to actually, Jimmy opened the door and then they went in.

2 (4m 19s):
I didn't think that actually worked, and she found Jasmine's driver's license credit card. You know, she took some things from the apartment, including his phone.

8 (4m 26s):
She took iPads, she took notebooks. This is not the way things usually happen.

2 (4m 32s):
Was the prosecutor's opening statement what you expected? Were there any surprises? What do you think the tone was that they wanted to set for the jury?

8 (4m 42s):
The prosecutors came out of the gate in a way that I have not really ever seen before. That wasn. That wasn impressive.

9 (4m 50s):
This is the suitcase in which Jason Chin stuffed the 98 pound body of Jasmine case. That's where I'm going to begin the story.

2 (5m 3s):
The district attorney wanted to get in front of the issue of mom breaking into Jason's apartment. You know, we gotta just address the elephant in the room right away.

8 (5m 14s):
Yeah. I mean they very craftily said, this is a distraught mother and family that did what anybody else would do.

2 (5m 25s):
The defense, they had an opening statement that I did not see coming.

8 (5m 30s):
Well, you're not the only one. Andrea. In

10 (5m 32s):
The early morning hours of November 23rd, 2022, Jason Chen killed Jasmine pace.

8 (5m 40s):
They said he's guilty of killing her, but he is not guilty of killing her the way that the state has said

10 (5m 45s):
He didn't do it with premeditation.

2 (5m 47s):
The defense is saying voluntary manslaughter, a state of passion produced by provocation. What does the defense say happened?

8 (5m 55s):
They said they were dating in a relationship. She came over and they did what they always do. They had some wine, they smoked some weed, and then they say that his phone was in the kitchen. He was in the bedroom. His phone started making that unique pinging that Tinder sounds make, she saw that he was communicating with other women on Tinder. She got really upset. A glass and a wine bottle got broken. She came at him and he was trying to defend himself and then he blacked out. And when he came to she was dead and then he panicked more and he disposed of the body.

2 (6m 29s):
The defense also indicated that Chen was worried about the shame that he would bring to his family.

11 (6m 35s):
Jason Chin is a first generation Chinese American. His parents or to a Chinese restaurant. What very hard bring?

8 (6m 44s):
Well, I, you know, he is the son of immigrants and so am I. You know, there are things that happen in personal psychologies that can make somebody act in certain ways. Is that what happened here? I don't know. Yeah.

11 (7m 1s):
Jason decides that he has to cover this up. He has to hide what son?

2 (7m 6s):
Yeah, the prosecution's first witness was Katrina Jasmine's mom. How was she handled by the prosecution and the defense?

8 (7m 15s):
She got up there and she held her own. She was very stern and strong and answered the questions. And then

11 (7m 23s):
What'd you do? I went back in to his apartment. So what she kept whatever, anything that I, I thought I could use to help find my, my daughter.

8 (7m 36s):
The defense tried to trip her up. You said the two of you or the four of you, how many was it that went in? Who actually used the credit card to break into the apartment? You said he would

11 (7m 46s):
Do anything to find your daughter, wouldn't you? Of course. Okay. We break into her to find my daughter. Yes. Be quiet for please. I was just trying to find my daughter. You heard yourself? I oath. I had it perjured yourself

2 (8m 4s):
After Katrina's testimony. Who else did the prosecution call?

8 (8m 8s):
They called the manager of the Walgreens. They called the manager of the Walmart places that Jason went to buy things that the prosecution says were used to cover up the crime, the law enforcement folks, the lead detective. One

2 (8m 22s):
Of the things that you're learning In Tennessee is that these jurors are able to ask questions as the trial goes along.

12 (8m 30s):
Does the jury have any questions for Investigator Crawford?

8 (8m 34s):
They have been submitting questions and then the judge calls the prosecutors and the defense attorneys up. They go over what's gonna be allowed and the judge then asks the questions of the witness before they leave the stand.

12 (8m 48s):
The receipt from Walmart shows asparagus, the video shows no asparagus was purchased. Was this investigated further? And if so relevant to the case

13 (8m 59s):
It did not have relevancy in terms of the arrest of the investigation. Obviously

8 (9m 5s):
You don't usually get to see what the jury is thinking in real time.

2 (9m 8s):
Yeah. Normally you're just kind of looking for facial expressions, a motion, you know, anything you can, this is

8 (9m 14s):
Who's sleeping, who's taking notes, right. But you know, and the judge keeps thanking them for being such a plugged in jury. It's really fascinating.

2 (9m 22s):
All right. This is a tough one, Mario. Thank you for coming back on the podcast and breaking it all down for us.

8 (9m 28s):
I'm happy to be here anytime you all want me to be.

2 (9m 32s):
Up next, the long awaited trial of a West Virginia pharmacist accused of poisoning her husband with insulin gets underway. We've got the latest from inside the courtroom For our next story. We're heading back to West Virginia for a trial many years in the making. We talked about this story on the podcast last fall. It's a complicated case where one crime fraud to the tune of two and a half million dollars allegedly turned into another murder in September, 2019. Natalie Cochran, a pharmacist from the small town of Daniels, West Virginia, was indicted on multiple counts of fraud.

2 (10m 15s):
The charges came just months after her husband Michael died. Suddenly the victims of the scam were primarily friends and family who thought they were investing in the cochrane's business. Natalie pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 11 years in federal prison. That wasn't the end of the story. Just two years later, Natalie was charged with a new crime. Her husband's murder prosecutor said, Natalie poisoned Michael with a vial of insulin. She has pleaded not guilty. And this week, after several delays including multiple exhumations of Michael's body, the trial finally began. Dateline producer Jay Young was In West Virginia this week and called us from the courthouse to tell us about what went down.

2 (10m 57s):
Jay, thanks for joining us again this week. Thanks

3 (10m 59s):
For having me.

2 (10m 59s):
So to start, can you just quickly remind us of the circumstances of Michael's death?

3 (11m 5s):
Let take you back to February of 2019. Michael Cochran suddenly becomes ill. He collapses at his home and from all accounts he is having a seizure. Ultimately, they get Michael to a hospital. Michael is subjected to a battery of tests. They are able to determine that he is hypoglycemic, which means his blood sugar levels are very low, dangerously low. And then five days later after he is sent to a hospice, he tragically dies.

2 (11m 38s):
And the state medical examiner's office, they rule it natural causes at the time.

3 (11m 44s):
Yeah, the medical examiner ruled the cause of death was natural.

2 (11m 48s):
Okay. But investigators weren't totally buying that ruling and they began to suspect that there could be some foul play here with Michael.

3 (11m 59s):
People start to scratch their heads a little bit about Michael's death. Michael was 38 years old and he was in pretty good shape. And unrelated to Michael's death, investigators are getting wind of some problems that are associated with Michael and Natalie's business investors are starting to complain a little bit, wondering where, what's happening to their investments. And so authorities, they start looking into this business and then ultimately get a search warrant to search Michael and Natalie's house. And what they find was a vial of insulin in the kitchen refrigerator.

3 (12m 43s):
And ultimately investigators come up with a theory. Natalie poisoned Michael with insulin. Natalie was concerned that Michael had discovered that the company was actually a fraud, was a Ponzi scheme. And Natalie was concerned Michael was going to come forward and expose her. And

2 (13m 2s):
Was it, is it a hundred percent proven that he died at from insulin?

3 (13m 8s):
They were unable to find insulin in Michael's body. When they exhumed it months later, cut to 2023, the prosecution decides they want to exhume Michael's body again to test his remains with more sophisticated tests. And this time the pathologist that the state hired to examine the remains ruled that Michael's manner of death was homicide. Now the state went even further and had an endocronologist review some of the paperwork, and she determined that the cause of death was most likely due to insulin injections.

3 (13m 52s):
So there was no trace evidence of insulin.

2 (13m 55s):
This case, as we said, has been going on for a long time. Jury selection was hotly anticipated. You were there, Jay, in the court room.

3 (14m 2s):
You know, Andrea, you've been through this so many times. I have too. It's a very solemn occasion. Everybody's very quiet, everyone is really deferential. The prospective jurors were sitting in the jury box and then the prosecution enters, sits down at their desk and then in comes Natalie Cochrane. And you can see Natalie looking over at the prospective jurors. You can only wonder what's going through her mind.

2 (14m 28s):
Yeah, you're certainly trying to win over some very important strangers in your life. Yeah, and there's, there's something really interesting that the prosecutor pointed out that we've heard about before. You know the CSI effect with jurors that they need DNA, they need video or witnesses. You know, in this case the prosecutor warned them that, that there's almost no direct evidence. Yep.

3 (14m 53s):
That's exactly what the prosecution said. And by and large, the prospective jurors said, Nope, I, I'm okay. I understand that you have direct evidence and you have circumstantial evidence and one is not more important than the other. That was the general consensus on the part of the perspective panel.

2 (15m 12s):
So opening statements began on Wednesday morning. It may be no surprise, the prosecution hit hard on what they say was Natalie's motive

14 (15m 20s):
As many deceptions and lies as were told to her. Victims of the Ponzi scheme. Michael Cochrane was told justice man, he did not know what was going on, but he was determined to find

3 (15m 35s):
Out. There's no question that the prosecution has to work with a case that does not have direct evidence. But what they do have is a defendant who is a convicted felon serving 11 years. And if she can defraud her family, loved ones investors, there's no telling what she can do. That's going to be their argument.

14 (15m 56s):
This defendant is a pharmacist. She knows about medications and drugs. She knew the impact insulin would make.

2 (16m 5s):
The defense told a very different story in their opening statement.

15 (16m 9s):
He was involved in the Ponzi scheme, he knew about multimillion dollar purchases, the toys, the houses, trips to Paris, trips to Hawaii, expensive lavish lifestyle. And you have to ask yourself at the end of the case, he didn't know about it really.

3 (16m 30s):
They argue Michael was well aware of the fraudulent nature of the business. So Natalie would have no reason to want to kill him.

2 (16m 41s):
Jay, thank you for staying on this and for bringing us this key information in this all around sad case. Well,

3 (16m 49s):
Thank you for having me, Andrea, really appreciate it.

2 (16m 52s):
Next, it's Dateline Roundup and Alec Baldwin is on the offensive with his blockbuster lawsuit against the prosecutor who charged him in the Rust movie set shooting death. And Lori Vallow debell appears in court as her own defense attorney. How did she do? Plus a veteran medical examiner on the challenge of cold case autopsies. Joining me for this week's roundup is Dateline producer Rachel White. Hey Rachel. Hi Andrea. Okay, so first up we're off to New Mexico where actor Alec Baldwin has filed a lawsuit against a whole lot of people involved in the criminal case brought against him in connection to the shooting on his Rust movie back in 2021.

2 (17m 44s):
Rachel, for anyone who doesn't know this story, and I think most of America does, just remind everyone what happened.

16 (17m 50s):
Sure. So Baldwin was holding a prop gun rehearsing for a scene when somehow the gun fired and it happened to contain live ammo. And that bullet killed the film cinematographer Helena Hutchins. In 2024, Baldwin ended up standing trial on charges of involuntary manslaughter.

2 (18m 10s):
Right. And I remember we covered this trial, of course on the podcast, and there was this dramatic moment when everything just stopped and the judge ordered the jury to go home so she could investigate claims that the prosecution had deliberately withheld evidence from Baldwin's defense team.

16 (18m 26s):
That's right. And the prosecution said that the evidence was unimportant, but the judge found otherwise and dismissed the case with prejudice.

17 (18m 34s):
If this conduct does not rise to the level of bad faith, it certainly comes so near to bad faith as to show signs of scorching prejudice.

2 (18m 44s):
Some people would just walk away, you know, after getting off of something like this. But not Alec Baldwin, he's taken action.

16 (18m 51s):
Yeah. Last week he filed a 73 page civil lawsuit against several members of the prosecution team accusing them of conspiring to cause his malicious prosecution and violating his civil rights. He says the defendants were driven by ill motives, including to quote harass or humble him.

2 (19m 11s):
Baldwin has asked for damages and a jury trial.

16 (19m 14s):
Right. And we should just quickly note here that the defendants have yet to file a response in court, but one of the prosecutors carry Morrissey told NBC news that they look forward to their day in court.

2 (19m 25s):
We will keep you posted on that one. Lori Vallow debell so-called Mommy Doomsday. There is news about her. She's back in court and this time she's representing herself.

4 (19m 37s):
Do you want me to stand Your honor or can I just sit here? You can sit

16 (19m 40s):
There, yeah. And That wasn really something to watch. If you remember back in 2023, debell was sentenced to life in prison for the murders of her two children, JJ and Tylee. And for her involvement in the death of Tammy Debell, who was her husband's wife. So that meant that she was arguing her case before the judge, but she was wearing an orange jumpsuit and handcuffs while doing so.

2 (20m 1s):
Yeah. And why is she back in court? So

16 (20m 3s):
These court proceedings are for murder charges that she's facing in Arizona. So she's charged with the murder of her fourth husband, a man named Charles Vallow, and for the attempted murder of the ex-husband of her niece.

2 (20m 15s):
I'm so curious, how did she do representing herself?

16 (20m 19s):
Well, she was definitely confident the

4 (20m 21s):
State has continued to impede the defense from conducting a defense.

16 (20m 26s):
She claimed prosecutors might be withholding evidence.

4 (20m 29s):
This is a violation of the 14th amendment of our great constitution and the defense's due process rights.

16 (20m 35s):
And she asked for all the discovery related to her extradition from Idaho to Arizona.

2 (20m 41s):
How was her request received by the judge?

16 (20m 43s):
The judge was pretty firm with Lori asking her why her extradition documents have anything to do with the underlying charges against her in Arizona and he ultimately denied this motion.

2 (20m 55s):
Finally, we have an update in a disturbing story out of Wisconsin, known as the Slender Man case. Some people may remember this story from 20 14, 2 tweens stabbed their friend 19 times, Rachel.

16 (21m 9s):
That's right. They were only 12 years old when they lured their friend Peyton Lightner into the woods and attacked her. Lightner just barely survived. And she was able to tell investigators that her friends and Niso wire and Morgan Geyser had tried to stab her to death.

2 (21m 25s):
Investigators caught up with her attackers and they admitted what they'd done, but they had a bizarre reason.

16 (21m 31s):
They told investigators they were trying to become servants of Slenderman. And Slenderman apparently is a fictional character that's become somewhat of an urban legend. They allegedly learned about this character on a horror story website.

2 (21m 44s):
So disturbing. Both Geyer and Wire were sent to psychiatric centers after pleading guilty to intentional homicide charges. Wire was granted supervised release in 2021 and the big news now is that Geyser is going to be released as well. That's

16 (21m 59s):
Right. In last week's hearing psychologists who have been working with Geyser testified about the significant progress made. Even geyser's attorney was emotional after the ruling. I think

18 (22m 10s):
She'll be, she's got a lot of talents. I think she's gonna be a good person in the community. I think she's gonna thrive.

2 (22m 15s):
Has Peyton Lightner or her family said anything about geyser's release?

16 (22m 20s):
Peyton Leiter's mother listened in on last week's hearing and has opposed geyser's, several attempts to be released.

2 (22m 27s):
Rachel, thank you so much for these updates.

16 (22m 29s):
Thank you for having me.

2 (22m 31s):
After learning more this week about the trial of West Virginia pharmacist, Natalie Cochran, accused of poisoning her husband, we got curious about the make or break rule medical examiners can play in cold cases and how difficult it can be trying to figure out someone's cause of death years, sometimes decades after they've died. So for our final story this week we asked Dr. Mary Jim Beek, the former Chief Medical examiner of Onondaga County in New York, who has conducted thousands of autopsies in her 25 year career to give us the basics. Mary, thank you so much for joining us again. Hello,

5 (23m 5s):
Andrea.

2 (23m 6s):
So Mary, what is the first thing you do when you are asked to look into the case of someone who's been dead for a while?

5 (23m 12s):
Well, as in any case that we evaluate as medical examiner, we consider the scene investigation along with whatever evidence we have, the body or whatever is left of the body, maybe photos we're taking, the medical examiner will consider all of that in its totality. Just like if you go into a doctor's office and you say, just figure out what's wrong with me. It's the same when you have a dead body one day or a hundred years dead. You need to know the context.

2 (23m 42s):
If you're looking at human remains, can you tell if someone has been shot or stabbed or strangled at that point? How hard is it?

5 (23m 51s):
You have to learn how to interpret the decaying body as well as the skeletonized body because a gunshot won't stab when they may leave marks on the bone that you can detect and they'll be present. For many, many decades there have been evaluations of, you know, mummies in terms of how did they die. The bones carry a lot of information

2 (24m 13s):
And if someone is poisoned, can the remains still carry some of that poison or is it too late?

5 (24m 19s):
Certainly the remains can carry the poison, but it depends on the poison. There are so many drugs and chemicals and toxins in the world. So I think the first thing with the poisoning is you have to have a suspicion of it so that you're making sure you look for the category of poison that you're suspicious about. Now that being said, as the body decays, so does the blood so do chemicals in the body and so it becomes harder to test for those.

2 (24m 47s):
We were just talking on the podcast about the trial of Natalie Cochran. She's accused of fatally poisoning her husband Michael with insulin. Back in 2019, the state medical examiner's office initially ruled that Michael died from natural causes. The prosecutor went up against that ruling by the medical examiner.

5 (25m 6s):
Well certainly, I mean I've been on multiple sides of that particular dilemma where my ruling may be questioned and maybe the police and I don't agree, but the medical examiner may have a reason for that determination or may not have considered the the insulin overdose because it's a very subtle thing.

2 (25m 27s):
Yeah. And in the Natalie Cochrane case, prosecutors exhumed her husband's body to run forensic tests. There must be a lot of thought that goes into that decision. How common is it for cold cases to involve exhumations?

5 (25m 40s):
I I don't think exhumations are that easy to occur, especially legally. There has to be a certain burden of proof of the need to do it to further the case. But I've been involved in those court ordered exhumations and sometimes if there is trauma to the skeleton, then it's very worthwhile because you can show that and document that and you can show the absence of that if, if that's important as well. But I always say that it isn't so much that you can't kill someone without leaving a trace. You can, what's really hard to get rid of is your motive. And so if you have a motive to kill someone and someone suspects that, then forensics is there to figure it out.

2 (26m 24s):
Mary Belick, thank you so much for coming back.

5 (26m 26s):
Thank you very much, Andrea.

2 (26m 30s):
That's it for this episode of Dateline True Crime Weekly. Next week we'll have tips from NBC's senior consumer investigative correspondent Vicki Wynn on how to avoid disaster related scams. Whether you're looking for help or trying to give it, we'll tell you what to watch out for. And coming up this Friday on Dateline Keith Morrison has a brand new story. After a wealthy Georgia Man's body is found on his sprawling estate, investigators uncover a trove of family secrets and unmask a killer

19 (27m 1s):
In some shape or form. Gary had close ties or disagreements with all the family members relating to money

2 (27m 8s):
Watch Keith's story, A little patch of perfect airing this Friday on NBC at nine eight Central or stream it Saturday on Peacock. And if you're looking for Deadly Mirage, Josh's story, which was supposed to air last Friday, but got preempted by our coverage of the wildfires in la. You can see it this Sunday on NBC at nine eight Central to get ad free listening for all our podcasts, subscribe to Dateline Premium. Thanks for listening. Dateline True Crime Weekly is produced by Frannie Kelly and Katie Ferguson. Our associate producers are Carson Cummins. And Caroline Casey. Our senior producer is Liz Brown, Koff production and fact checking help by Sarah Kadi.

2 (27m 47s):
Veronica Mika is our digital producer. Rick Kwan is our sound designer. Original music by Jesse McGinty. Bryson Barnes is head of audio production. Paul Ryan is executive producer and Liz Cole is senior executive producer of Dateline.

20 (28m 2s):
Have a great day everybody and everyone all be careful.

21 (28m 6s):
Bye bye.