
The National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new SUV, like an adventure Ready RAV4 available with all-wheel drive. Your new RAV4 is built for performance on any terrain or check out a stylish and comfortable Highlander with seating for up to eight and available panoramic moonroof. You can enjoy wide open views with the whole family visit. Buy a toyota.com for more national sales Event deals. Toyota, let's go places.


Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business. With the Internet's best converting checkout, 36% better on average compared to other leading commerce platforms. Shopify helps you turn browsers into buyers. In fact, Shopify powers 10% of all e-commerce in the us. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash podcast free. All lowercase Shopify dot com slash podcast free Shopify dot com slash podcast free.


My parents were supposed to help these kids. You would expect this to be a good Christian place. No parent would've sent their child there knowing what happened. Oops. Was it like in there? That? wasn? Hell, I was sexually abuse There. Yes sir. I felt like I was nothing. There Were numerous concerns about abuse going on at this Facility. My dad would pick a girl up, bite her neck, throw her to the ground. He would Trip you and shove you Knock her out. Yes sir. I mean it. I just posted it's to TikTok Knock her Out. It just blew up. These allegations need to be looked into.


How Could I do this to my child thinking I was helping her? Your parents deny everything and they said none of that stuff is true. What was going on was wrong. Something needed to be done. I'm Lester Holt and this is Dateline. Here's Keith Morrison with Broken Circle. The sky is endless here at the edge of the California desert. It's her heaven so far from the tree Tangled sky where she grew up.


The woods of Missouri and the yellow farmhouse where this story begins, her father's farmhouse, his school. Do you love your dad? I do love my dad. Are you afraid of him too? I'm scared of my dad. What a strange, strange thing to love the person you're afraid of. The father you're afraid of. It's 'cause at one point in time I wasn't afraid of him. He wasn't what he is Now, But she wasn't what she is now either, which is why she's come back all these years later to the woods and the old farmhouse at her dad's school, Uncles in.


But we begin years ago and far away in a place called Ferris, Texas where Theresa Tucker, a single mom of three was no other word for it. Desperate That wasn about her middle daughter Ashley. Spiraling out of control. What were you worried about? Drugs and just rebellion. Very mouthy and, and so I didn't know where to turn. How old was she at the time? 16. And on that December weekend in 2014, Ashley was getting kicked out of yet another rehab. So Theresa called her best friend, the pastor's wife for help.


That wasn, my pastor and his wife that told us about Circle of Hope. Circle of Hope. Girls Ranch and boarding school, That wasn in Missouri on a farm. The students followed a strict regimen of chores and schoolwork and Bible study. Was it important to you that she'd go to a place where there was gonna be some spiritual help? At this point, I didn't really care. I just needed her to have help. There are hundreds of private residential facilities across the country promising to reform, troubled teens. They range from wilderness programs to therapeutic boarding schools to boot camps, and then there are those whose lessons derived from a very particular religious point of view.


Circle of Hope was run by a married couple. Boyd and Stephanie Householder at the heart of their program, they said was a strict interpretation of the King James Bible. She was gonna get schooling and she's gonna get counseling. Ms. Householder was a a nurse and that she was going to facilitate her medications and things like that. Most important of all, perhaps they had a free bed and could take Ashley right away for just a hundred dollars a month. To Theresa, it felt like a miracle of sorts. She signed a contract committing Ashley to an 18 month stay, and then she said goodbye.


The pastor and his wife drove Ashley to Missouri. What was it like for you on the trip to that place? I was scared. I was really nervous. I didn't know what to expect. My pastor and his wife kept telling me, everything's gonna be okay. You know you're gonna get the help you need. What were your first impressions of the place? When We first got there, That wasn at night. That wasn really dark And there they were in the dark. She said, waiting Boyd and Stephanie Householder waiting up for her. They were nice, they were sweet. They were laughing, joking like, you know. I was like, okay, this is a really good place. I'm actually gonna get help here. But as soon as the pastor and his wife left, said Ashley, the householders changed.


They went from smiling and laughing to just straight face and that was it. I mean they didn't show any emotions or anything. Ashley didn't exactly know why, but she suddenly felt very afraid and she stepped deeper into the farmhouse, into a world of fear. What was it like in there? That? wasn hell, That wasn. Scary. You were alone. That wasn basically while you're in there, it's survival. Coming up. They had girls scrubbing the floor with toothbrushes. Unless you were physically laying in bed to sleep, you were standing and you were facing a wall All day, every day, All day, every day.


I was like, what is this? Theresa Tucker had dispatched her daughter to a religious reform school in a tiny community called Humans, Ville, Missouri, run by Stephanie and Boyd Householder. Theresa, did you have any idea what was happening in that place? No, I didn't. I didn't have no idea. Amanda Householder, however did, knew that very well. Boyd and Stephanie are her parents. Was your dad well suited to this kind of work?


Yes, because he was a drill instructor. That wasn. Second nature to him to just put people in their place Before he'd started working in reform schools, Boyd Householder had been a Marine, a trainer of marines. Amanda an idolized her strong commanding father, And when I was like two or three, I was, I was a daddy's little girl. He'd take her for drives in his jeep. She said, listen to music together. But things began to change. S Amanda, when her mother persuaded the ex drill sergeant to start going to church, there are many versions of Christianity, of course, this one. Do you remember what the sermons were like or what the preaching was like?


A lot of the sermons I remember were a lot based on fear and burning and hell for eternity. And some she remembers talked about how to discipline children, how to beat the sin out of them. That wasn to spare the rod, spoil the child, That wasn through someone. He met a church that Amanda's dad got his first job at a Christian reform school. The family later moved to Missouri where Boyd worked at Agape, a boarding school for rebellious boys. And in 2006, when Amanda was 15, he decided to open his own school. Only this one would be for girls. What was this place like?


This physical house, the location. That wasn just a very rundown, homely place. Dene Hetrick told us she was sent there when she was in 10th grade. What had you been doing? Had you been committing crimes or something? I Had never committed a crime. My mom found out that I had become sexually active and that I had tried marijuana for the first time. Maggie Drew arrived in 2007 when she was 15. Nobody was smiling. I saw the girls and everybody was so quiet and I was like, this is so dismal. What is this? Maggie said.


The girls were afraid from the minute they woke up. That wasn immediately, get up, hurry, hurry, hurry, get dressed, get downstairs. Four Bible study. Alice Blast me And then chores. Bizarre chores. They had girls scrubbing the floor with tur toothbrushes. They had the girls wiping walls down. They had us picking weeds in the middle of the heat all day. They would say, you know, the Bible says this. The Bible says that. No, that is your interpretation of the Bible. That's not what the Bible really says. Would you talk back to them like that? No, no, no, no, no.


That wasn. Yes ma'am. Why? Because if we did, we got punished Punishment. In fact, it's right here in the handbook. Boyd Householder promised to help reform especially difficult children by imposing biblical discipline. Aya said, it didn't seem so biblical to her. He'd sit in his chair like this and he'd be like pushups and they'd start doing pushups and it would turn into him going up and kicking their hands out from underneath him. Another punishment he called standing on the wall. Unless you were physically laying in bed to sleep, you were standing and you were facing a wall All day, every day, All day, every day you'd have to eat like you'd be given like one of those old school plastic, like 80 style lunch trays.


I watched him at some point would walk past people on the wall and just hit their trays and their food would go everywhere. Boyd Householder denied that, said he didn't knock girls down while they did pushups either. But those weren't the only kind of stories we heard. We spoke to more than a dozen former students and three former staff members whose experiences at Circle of Hope span more than a decade. And all of them told us that Boyd household didn't just subject his students to chores and pushups and other creative punishments. No, they said he was physically abusive. He would go up behind a girl and grab 'em by the base of the neck behind their head like this, look right up behind your ears almost.


And he would put a foot out and trip you and shove you follow down and shove you with force face. First Carpet, gravel. The floor of the chicken pen didn't matter, said Maggie. And at that point he put his fist on the side of your head and one in the middle of your back so that you couldn't get up. And there was more said. Maggie Boyd ordered some of the girls to help to put their weight on the student's pressure points and they did That wasn like one of those things where it's like dog eat dog where if you, if you don't fight your way to the top and do what you're told to do, then it's gonna come back at you Tonight.


Said she found that out the hard way just once when she tried not to press too hard on the girl, she was helping restrain. He dropped his knees on top of my elbows and the, and once he did that and pushed his way on top of me, the girl then started screaming and he looked at me and told me that if she wasn't screaming like that, once he let go of me holding her, that I was gonna be laying next to her until I myself and said that I needed to make decisions of who? Who sides I was on. The householders told us they did restrain students when they were violent, but never deliberately inflicted pain.


And Amanda, well these girls were her age. Some of them could have been her friends except Amanda wasn't a student and sometimes she was the one handing out the discipline. I know I had power trips. I know there were certain girls, my dad favored over me and I didn't like them, and so I treated them poorly in the sense I'd be like, just push. Give me 25 Things she did. She said things her father wanted her to do. Whose side was Amanda on Coming up?


A stunning new allegation was Sexually abuse There? Yes sir. What happens to you when that's going on? I felt disgusting. I felt like I was nothing. I felt like I was never gonna be able to get outta that place. When Dateline continues,


The National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new SUV, like an adventure Ready RAV4 available with all wheel drive. Your new RAV4 is built for performance on any terrain or check out a stylish and comfortable Highlander with seating for up to eight and available panoramic moon moonroof. You can enjoy wide open views with the whole family visit. Buy a toyota.com for more national sales Event deals. Toyota, let's go places.


Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business. With the Internet's best converting checkout, 36% better on average compared to other leading commerce platforms. Shopify helps you turn browsers into buyers. In fact, Shopify powers 10% of all e-commerce in the us. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash podcast free. All lowercase Shopify dot com slash podcast free Shopify dot com slash podcast free.


As Democrats unite around Vice President Harris, they'll gather in Chicago to endorse their presidential ticket. The new era is here it is. Go time. Stay with MS NBC for insights and analysis. The race is gonna be close. Everybody should prepare themselves for that. Plus reporting on the ground from the convention hall. Extraordinary levels of enthusiasm from Democrats for the fight ahead. The Democratic National Convention special coverage this week on MS NBC.


On Sundays, the students at Circle of Hope sometimes climbed into a bus that drove them to 50 miles down Highway 13 to a church with a towering white steeple Marine Baptist church. Then the girls walked inside dressed in their Sunday best and church smiles. The smiles were fake, said Maggie. We did whatever we had to to make 'em happy. Amanda watched it all she knew, she said what the students were hiding how her dad treated them behind closed doors. What was it like to see your dad punishing other kids? I think that to me is the most traumatizing part I 'cause to me.


That, wasn, That, wasn just normal. Amanda told us her dad had never spared her the rod beating her regularly as a child using his belt after church. But hearing the girls scream as they were being punished, When you think of souls burning in a lake of fire for eternity, that's what these girls sound like And the screaming is especially hard to forget. She told us because she helped her dad As a 15-year-old, I was forced to restrain the girls the same way my dad would. How'd that make you feel? I stopped. I refused to go. When they yelled, restrain, I would always say I have to make lunch or make dinner or I have dishes to do.


Did you ever tell your dad just go easy. Go easy on these kids? I never had the guts. I never had the guts. When she was 15, she tried running away, failed. Her father denied, punishing her, but after that she said things changed for her. I was put on the wall every time my dad walked past me, I was yelled at. I couldn't use the bathroom without permission. I wasn't allowed to eat until my parents brought me food. I could not leave the wall outside my dad's office Just standing, facing the wall. Just standing facing the wall. How long? I think That wasn. Two months. Amanda was not like the other girls.


No one would pick her up and take her away. So she counted the days until she was old enough to leave. And in 2009 when she was 17, she moved in with her grandma and then across the country to California. A new life, a fresh start. I had a really good job. I had my own apartment. I was doing everything a person does Even so she wasn't quite ready to turn her back on her family. Not yet. Anyway. In 2011, after a parent posted negative comments about the school online, it might surprise you who its loudest defender was you were online defending your Parents.


I know, right? Why were you doing that? I don't know. Other than I kind of felt guilty that That wasn my family. And so anytime that people would say something, I just felt the need I needed. I didn't want my dad to go to jail. I don't know how to explain it other than that. And you have to understand, there were some stories she never heard back then. She never met Ashley Tucker, the teenager from Ferris, Texas who arrived at the ranch in 2014, Behind closed doors with just us kids. They were monsters. Ashley said, That wasn in that culture of fear that the worst thing happened to her.


I was sexually abused There. Yes sir. The boy was Amanda's younger brother. She told us he was 15 at the time. She said it happened while she was doing chores in one of the buildings on the farm. He walked over there, he grabbed me. He pushed me up against one of the walls and he actually ended up raping me right there. What happens to you when that's going on? I feel dis. I felt disgusting. I felt like I was nothing. I felt like I was never gonna be able to get outta that place.


She told no one couldn't tell her mom. She said, because she knew when she got calls from home, someone was always listening. They would have their like their thumb over the little hangup button. But then a few months into her stay, Ashley took a chance. She told her mother that she was losing a lot of weight And when she told me that, they hung up. So I called back, I'm like, what's going on? Oh, well, she's being rebellious. So they put her back on the phone and that's when Ashley finally said, they're starving me. And the phone cut out again. Theresa had heard enough as soon as she could, she got in her car and drove from Texas to Missouri to see for herself what was going on inside that yellow farmhouse Coming up.


I'm not gonna lie, I hated my mom. I hated her. I couldn't stand her. You feel Guilty? Yeah. You know how could I do this to my child thinking I was helping her. Theresa Tucker left her Texas home before dawn to reach her daughter's school in rural Missouri. Ashley, she was sure was in trouble. Theresa had never laid eyes on Circle of Hope Girls Ranch before. When we pulled up, I was just kind of astonished like, wow, this is it.


Really? She'd been so desperate to find Ashley somewhere safe somewhere healing. She'd sent her there on blind faith. She didn't like what she saw. So when Ashley came, I seen her take a deep breath. She had lost so much weight. She looked real sick. So I hiked her and told her we were going home. But before they left, said Theresa Void. Householder handed her this document. I had to sign a paper that physically stated that she was not sexually abused and she was not physical abused there.


But What a curious thing for a person to have you sign. Right? It actually tell you on the way home what she had been through That wasn a very long eight hours. I told her basics. I didn't really go into detail. That wasn too hard. The householder's son denies Ashley's story of rape and she told us as awful as That wasn, she considers him a victim too of the world he grew up in. She was at the time, less forgiving of her own mother. I'm not gonna lie, I hated my mom. I hated her. I couldn't stand her. I couldn't stand looking at her.


You feel guilty, You, yeah. You know, how could I do this to my child thinking I was helping her. Theresa did not want it happening to anyone else. Ashley begged her don't report the alleged rape. And so she didn't. But Theresa did call Child Protective Services CPS and told them about Ashley's other allegations of physical abuse. They stated that they were going to go out and and check the facility and all that. Once they got back with me, they stated that they didn't see anything. There was nothing they could do. Theresa contacted the Sheriff's Office too.


Same story. Nothing happened. What Theresa didn't know was that she was far from the first or only person to make a complaint to authorities about the Circle of hope. A mother told us she reported the school the year after it opened. And as time went on, police records show more relatives and students told stories of abuse about a girl covered in bruises, a runaway who said she'd been choked by Boyd Householder. And four years later, another runaway who said Boyd had grabbed her by the throat and several times Child Protective Services went out to visit. Except I was told if I said anything negative that my life was going to be made miserable.


Boyd coached the girls said tonight before they talked to CPS investigators and they were sure he was listening. She said eavesdropping from his office on the other side of the wall. I remember being asked like, are people being starved? And I was like, no. Because I was literally terrified about what would happen to me if I was gonna start being the person that was starved next. 'cause nothing ever came out of these. Amanda told us her parents had another way of handling investigators too. I was told when CPS came downstairs to take the girls outside and basically hide the girls from CPS, You hid the girls from the from the authorities who would check on whether or not they're okay.


Yes. You know, your parents said they had an open door policy with CPS that they could come in in the old time. Is that not the case? CPS could come in, but like I said, I had to hide them. Amanda's parents denied that, said they never hid students from CPS. They said they told the girls to be honest with investigators. In any case, none of the reports ever resulted in any action. The school prospered and parents like Theresa had no way of knowing about the complaints over the years. We have no regulations on any religious facilities in the state of Missouri. None.


None. None. Not at all. Kerry Ingle is a Missouri State representative and former social worker. Do these places even have to register with the state when they open up? No. We have no ability currently to even know about their existence. So I couldn't even tell you how many of these these institutions exist in the state of Missouri. They're invisible. Correct until something bad happens. And it's not just Missouri. A 2021 NBC News investigation found gaps in regulation around the country with at least 21 states that did not require religious boarding schools to tell their education departments that they exist.


So who is looking out for these kids Currently? Yeah, I would say that there's been a lot of buck passing Systems once entrenched cruel ones especially can seem unbeatable, impervious to change. And then one little thing. Like the first crack in a dam,


The National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new SUV, like an adventure Ready RAV4 available with all wheel drive. Your new RAV4 is built for performance on any terrain. Or check out a stylish and comfortable Highlander with seating for up to eight and available panoramic moonroof. You can enjoy wide open views with the whole family visit. Buy a toyota.com for more national sales Event deals. Toyota, let's go places.


Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business. With the Internet's best converting checkout, 36% better on average compared to other leading commerce platforms. Shopify helps you turn browsers into buyers. In fact, Shopify powers 10% of all e-commerce in the us. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash podcast free. All lowercase Shopify dot com slash podcast free Shopify dot com slash podcast free.


As Democrats unite around Vice President Harris, they'll gather in Chicago to endorse their presidential ticket. The new era is, here it is. Go time. Stay with MS NBC for insights and analysis. The race is gonna be close. Everybody should prepare themselves for that. Plus reporting on the ground from the convention hall. Extraordinary Levels of enthusiasm from Democrats for the fight ahead. The Democratic National Convention special coverage this week on Ms. NBC


Coming up, fresh allegations of abuse from boys. I'd watched him grab students and chunk 'em to a wall And a desperate move to alert the police. I tried to tell 'em like, man, they're beating us. And the cop didn't believe you. No. When Dateline continues, Amanda Householder was living in the California desert. She had her own babies, now a new family. She wasn't much interested in her old one. Why didn't you use your own name on social media for a while?


Because I was constantly getting hit up by girls that left Circle of hope telling me about what was going on and I didn't wanna hear it anymore. I was just didn't wanna know. Yeah, But there are some things you cannot escape. In 2016 or 17, I got a message from a girl who I never heard of. And in it, in the message she's telling me my dad, my dad raped her. And I'm like, no. And yet the message made her think back to a letter written years before the words of another angry student.


I was there when my dad got this letter and it basically accused my dad of molesting her. And I, at that time, I was like, that didn't happen. Like I know my dad. That didn't happen. That letter writer was Maggie Drew who'd come to Circle of Hope at 15 and stayed for five years. Boyd said it never happened. But now all these years later, Amanda needed to know, had Maggie been telling the truth And she said, I know that you have no reason to lie to me. Like just be honest, Maggie would never told her story to police. Told Amanda how Boyd had groped her in his private office after she turned 18 And he'd grabbed my butt or he'd grabbed my boob from the side.


And then after like the last year or so that I was there, he started trying to kiss me. Amanda was devastated. She hadn't always agreed with how her dad ran the school, but this, this was worse than anything she'd imagined. She apologized to Maggie for not believing her all those years ago. You're Okay. I know you're okay. I'm glad you wrote the letter though. I'm really glad because that letter is how I is. How I started just thinking. Amanda started thinking about all of it. How her parents had raised her, what She said, She saw them do to the children at Circle of Hope.


It wasn't until I had my own kids that I realized what was going on was happening to other people's kids. I think that was, and she wanted to make things right. She and Maggie decided to track down the girls of Circle of Hope. As many as they could listen to their stories, ask if they were okay, And That wasn a big thing for a lot of them to be able to honestly, in a safe space speak their truth. But it wasn't just kids at Circle of Hope who had stories about her father. Amanda began hearing from former students of Agape, the Boys Religious reform school where her dad used to work.


Colton Shrug remembered him very well. I'd watched him grab students and chunk 'em to a wall, grab 'em by the neck and slam 'em on the rocks outside, get in their face yelling and screaming. Boyd denied that. But Amanda listened and remembered her childhood at Agape, watching boys being dragged off to a room known as the padded palace. When you open the door, it would go into this weird dark carpeted room and that was the restrain room. And then all you would see is later the these boys were being drug back down from this room and they're all bloody and bruised.


We talked to a dozen former Agape students and four former employees who told us they witnessed staff mistreating kids over a number of years. Agape did not respond to our requests for comment on its website. It states its staff, doesn't participate in corporal punishment, and they have all been trained in proper restraining techniques. Colton insisted he was beaten there years ago and tried to report it to a sheriff's deputy who picked him up after he ran away from the school. I tried to tell him like, man, they're beating us. And he didn't listen, cuffed me up, put me in the back of the car and dropped me off back at Agape.


And that's the last I ever heard of it. Never saw CPS nothing. And the cop didn't believe you. No Agape like Circle of Hope was seen in the community as doing good work, helping trouble kids. Amanda said it wasn't unusual to see deputies hanging out at Circle of Hope sometimes doing target practice with her dad. Maggie said Boyd boasted about it. They had ties with all the cops in the area. If we ran away or said anything, we'd be immediately brought back and nobody would believe us. That, wasn hard for Amanda to imagine. They would listen to her now and hard to understand how her dad's school continued to operate.


Because in 2018, investigators from Missouri's Department of Social Services issued two findings of abuse against Amanda's dad. One for physical abuse and one for sexual abuse. But remember, the religious school wasn't registered with any state agency. There was no license to suspend, no agency to go shut it down. This facility continued to operate is I mean? It flies in the face of everything we know about child welfare policy. So girls kept arriving at Circle of Hope. What could Amanda do? And then a few unguarded seconds caught on tape and that damn with the crack in it gave way Coming up.


Knock out. Yes sir. I'm in it. The TikTok video that triggered a firestorm knock her Out. What's it like to hear that even now? Made me sick to my stomach. Amanda's dad, Boyd Householder, the man she once idolized is now a man. She was determined to shut down if CPS and the police weren't gonna do it. Amanda decided she'd fight back her way. This soft spoken daughter went where she knew.


People talked the loudest social media, TikTok, If you ever suffered extreme abuse due to spare, the Rods spoiled a child, A platform known or for its stunts and jokes than what she had in mind. I want you to know that I see Youth survivor, She posted interviews with former students, answered stranger's questions. No, I do not. I absolutely do not regret it Assembled her case against her parents day after day. We need to let the whole United States know what Boyd and Stephanie are capable of And millions noticed, especially after she posted this a 21 second video recorded by a family friend inside Circle of Hope on his cell phone.


Knock her out. Yes sir. I mean it. The voice you can hear is Boyd householders. He's telling his students to hit one of the other kids. Knock her out. Yes sir. And that goes for the rest of you. If she clinches her fist like she's gonna hit you, that's a threat. Knock her out. Yes sir. Knock her out. What's it like to hear that? Even now, Hearing his voice in that tone made me sick to my stomach. But seeing the video, I felt like I was right back at their house because that scene is exactly what happens every single time my mom is in the background like nothing is going on.


Playing with her dogs like, oh, you cute little thing. And my dad is just going off like nothing. Yes sir. Yes sir. All of the little. Yes sir. Yeah. And if you don't say yes sir, you can be slapped across the face. You have to say, yes sir. Wow. Knock 21 seconds. Yes sir. That struck a nerve. Yes sir. I was floored by the amount of support and like sharing and viewing. That was like from the TikTok video and I was like their Alyssa listening, like people are actually listening to us for once, Including a sheriff's deputy.


After watching the video, he messaged Amanda. There are some people that want to help These girls deserve to have their complaints investigated properly. That deputy's boss is Cedar County Sheriff James McCreary. What was it about the TikTok video that struck such a nerve? Well, the allegation, some of the allegations were pretty serious, Serious enough. The sheriff said to launch a brand new investigation, his deputy went back and compiled all those years of complaints that had never gone anywhere. Amanda connected him with former students and staff. He put together a case file. Is that a fairly thick file?


Yeah, it's, it's about five inches thick probably. Are you seeing a, a pattern of behavior on the part of the people running that particular school? Well, it seems to be that way. Yes. Having said that, I, I think we need to be patient and see where this investigation takes us. The Sheriff's investigation was just the beginning. In August, 2020, authorities removed two dozen girls from the school. Two weeks later, state investigators dissented with their own search warrant and soon after, Missouri's Attorney General agreed to assist the local prosecutor with his investigation. Why did it take so long?


You know, over the years we took, we took several of the reports, the complaints to the prosecutor's office. Any idea why they didn't proceed with any, you know, any further action? My belief and what possibly occurred is some of the, the alleged victims may have been afraid to tell us what was going on. If anyone thought that the Sheriff's Department was somehow protecting these schools, when it knew that things were happening in there that wasn't good for those students. If somebody thought that, would they be wrong? They would be wrong. Yes sir. Finally, in September, 2020, Amanda got the news she'd been hoping for her parents shuttered circle of Hope for good.


How'd it feel to you to see that girls were being pulled outta that place and eventually That wasn closed down Happy. What does that say to you? That it takes a TikTok video to finally get authorities to move to protect children? It tells me that the system is very flawed. Something representative Kerry Ingle tried to fix, she introduced a bill requiring religious schools to register and be held accountable if they're found abusing kids. In July, 2021, Missouri governor Mike Parson signed the bill into law. Several of householders former students sought accountability too. Five Jane Doe filed civil lawsuits against Boyd and Stephanie Householder, two accused Boyd of sexual assault.


In a written statement, the householders told us the great majority of their hundreds of students benefited from what they called their Christian-based discipline program and school. But while they denied liability, the couple settled the complaints for an undisclosed amount. In March, 2021, Boyd and Stephanie Householder were both arrested. The Missouri Attorney General's office filed more than 100 criminal charges against them. Boyd himself faced nearly 80 felony charges, including multiple counts of statutory rape and sodomy. They both pleaded not guilty as for one of their most vocal critics.


The daughter, Amanda, the householders, told us they'd been estranged from her since 2014. Your parents did give an interview to one of the local papers. They said that you are addicted to drugs, that you're a Satan worshiper. What do you say to things like that? When I turned 18 and I was on my own, I did experiment with drugs. I'm not gonna lie, when I had my kids that changed. One of the things they said in the newspaper article was that people who are complaining about the school, they've been failures in their lives and you're a failure in your life and you're blaming them.


They need, you need somebody to blame. I may not be successful in the the sense that I am a millionaire, but my kids are happy. My kids don't have to fear me, so to me, I'm successful. I know we're, And she told us she's not done speaking out. In the fall of 2020, she led a march to the Gates of Agape, the Boys school where her dad worked years ago. It's time that we bring awareness to agape Awareness. Yes. And accountability too. In 2022, the Missouri Department of Social Services said it substantiated multiple allegations of physical abuse against the school's Former director, though no criminal charges were filed, three staff members also pleaded guilty to misdemeanor assault charges.


Another employee, the school physician, is facing child sex crime charges. He pleaded not guilty. Finally, in January, 2023, agape announced That wasn closing its doors. The school spokesperson said the decision was voluntary and due solely to a lack of finances. Most of the Agape guys were telling me it will never get shut down. You will never see legislators doing anything and Now that it's happening. They're all like, oh my gosh. Like, wow, something can be done. As for Boyd Householder, he will not stand trial. He died in June, 2024.


After a long illness, Amanda never reconciled with her father, and in a statement about his death, she said, well, the little girl inside me is sad to hear of my dad's passing. I feel even more heartbroken for those of us who were sexually, emotionally, and physically violated by him for years and years. Stephanie Householder is still scheduled to stand trial. She maintains her innocence. Ashley Tucker is trying to rebuild her life. After the horrors, She said, She suffered as a student at Circle of Hope. She kicked her drug addiction and she plans now to become a paramedic. She's a mother herself and calls her daughter her angel.


Now you know how your mom felt about you. Yeah. Now I realize that, you know, she was just trying to help me. That's it. She just wanted to help me. Help is what Amanda House order is offering too. She continues her mission to stand up for those kids. She wants new Hey, Amanda. Yes, my And the others coming after them and to forgive herself as well. That's all. For now. I'm Lester Holt. Thanks for joining us.


The National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new SUV, like an adventure Ready RAV4 available with all-wheel drive. Your new RAV4 is built for performance on any terrain. Or check out a stylish and comfortable Highlander with seating for up to eight and available panoramic moonroof. You can enjoy wide open views with the whole family visit. Buy a toyota.com for more national sales event deals. Toyota, let's go places.