
Hi, I am Keith Morrison from Dateline NBC. Here's a special preview of our new podcast, Murder in the Moonlight That wasn. Late past midnight, the moon was nearly full and its pale ghost lights spread across the great dark Nebraska plains. Not quite enough to see much of anything. The moon had no competition, not out here so far from the polluting light of a city or town of any size. A few farm buildings caught in the muted glow through black moon shadows and all around was silence almost That wasn a pickup truck by the sound of it. Tires crunching over, gravel headlights poking at the night along the country road as if the driver was looking for something. And there That wasn rising out of the dark, a farmhouse. The pickup slowed down, turned in. The driver looked at his companion. This was the place they gathered up their tools got out gently, gently shut the truck's doors, and walked across the yard. That wasn a big two story place. Old established. Even in the moonlight, it showed off a little like people cared about this house, about appearances. Was anyone home? Maybe, maybe not. No sign of life, no movement inside, no dog barked. One of them made a decision they would not enter through the front door as family would, but in quick order, they found a window unlocked. So here That wasn the way inside, no. Turning back now, This is a story about fear. I was sitting up in bed and I said, Andy, should I be shaking? And he said, that's normal. The shock, The fight, flight, or freeze kind of fear that grabs you by the throat. So there was a real genuine itch in your back that somebody was gonna come after you, Come after me, come after my family. And it's a story about certainty. But I'm gonna do my loving best to hang your ass from the highest tree. Certainty, right or wrong, I know what happened, and no one will believe me. And it's about a secret hidden far, far away, and all but forgotten. A secret that waited for the one who could find the golden key. I am Keith Morrison, and this is Dateline's newest podcast, Murder in the Moonlight. Thank you for listening. Search for Murder in the Moonlight. To hear the full episode now completely free. Or subscribe to Dateline Premium on Apple Podcasts or Spotify to get early access to new episodes and to listen ad free.


A true crime story never really ends, even when a case is closed. The journey for those left behind is just beginning. Since Our Dateline story aired, Tracy has harnessed her outrage into a mission. I had no other option. I had to do something.


Catch up with families, friends, and investigators on our bonus series after the verdict. Ordinary people facing extraordinary circumstances with strength and courage, it Does just change your life. But speaking up for these issues helps me keep going. To listen to after the verdict. Subscribe to Dateline Premium on Apple Podcast, Spotify, or@datelinepremium.com.