
This episode is brought to you by Progressive, where drivers who save by switching. Save nearly $750 on average. Quote now@progressive.com to see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. National average, 12 months savings of $744 by new customers surveyed to save with Progressive between June, 2022 and May, 2023. Potential savings will vary. Discounts not available in all states and situations.


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right, not just the highs. Woo. The os. Oh, or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up the same game, parlay in your playbook, or betting the over on your favorite team, the BET MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at be MGM, these Sports book Born in Vegas. Be MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See BET mgm.com for terms 21 plus only US promotional offers not available in dc, Mississippi, New York, Nevada, Ontario, or Puerto Rico. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER available in the US for New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or Text Hope NY four six seven three six nine for Arizona. Call one 800. Next step for Massachusetts 1-800-327-FIVE 0 5 0 for Iowa one 800. That's off for Puerto Rico, 1-800-981-ZERO 0 2 3 Subject to eligibility requirements in partnership with Kansas Crossing Casino and Hotel.


Hi Everyone. Andrea Canning here inviting you to listen to this week's episode of Dateline True Crime Weekly. It's the podcast we've been working on over the summer in which we dive into the cases making true crime headlines around the country. You'll hear the stories behind the story from Dateline producers and NBC news reporters in the field. And you never know when Josh and Keith will stop by. New episodes drop every Thursday. So take a listen. We'd love to know what you think. Good morning. Hey, good morning. You are listening in to Dateline's morning meeting in 30 Rockefeller Center. Let's get started so you can get going on your day. Our editorial team is catching up on breaking crime news around the country.


She says he was going to kill her. He had my mom on the ground kicking her, and I shot him Originally. Of course, the thought was, was she gonna turn on him, Right? So it's a pretty volatile situation, but right now we are back on track. I'm Andrea Canning. Welcome to Dateline True Crime Weekly. It's September 19th, and here's what's on our docket in Virginia, the latest on a bizarre double murder plot involving a fetish website and the family au pair. I know it sounds like a cliche, but it is something out of every woman's suburban nightmare. In Dateline Roundup updates from three big Florida cases, a verdict in the Lori Shaver trial, the convicted killer ballerina gets some good news and a courtroom surprise for a mother-in-law accused of murder jury Selection.


And Donna's trial started on Tuesday, but it stopped pretty quickly. We'll also talk The Sing Sing Files, a new book from veteran Dateline producer Dan Slepian about wrongful convictions. But the real shock to me from going to Sing Sing, and the reason why I kept going is 'cause I can't believe how many innocent people I found there. But before all that we're headed to New York City, the Federal courthouse where prosecutors unsealed a criminal indictment, This week against a pop culture legend on Monday night, Sean Combs the music mogul, you probably know as Puffy or puff daddy or Diddy, was arrested in the lobby of a luxury hotel in midtown Manhattan.


And on Tuesday, United States attorney Damien Williams laid out the three federal crimes. Combs has now been indicted on Sean Combs with racketeering conspiracy, sex trafficking, interstate transportation for prostitution. The indictment alleges that between at least 2008 and the present combs abused, threatened, and coerced victims to fulfill his sexual desires, protect his reputation, and conceal his conduct. The indictment is not exactly unexpected. That wasn. Just six months ago, agents raided his homes in Los Angeles and Miami carting off computers and guns and combs has spent the past 10 months battling 10 civil suits filed by accusers who say he abused them, almost all of which he denies.


But This week combs faced a different kind of reckoning, his arraignment in open court. Chloe Molo was sitting just a few feet away from Combs. She is joining us from a news van outside of Federal Courthouse in New York to tell us what she saw. Thanks for making time for us, Chloe. Thanks for having me. Chloe. What was it like watching Diddy, who we know from award shows and music videos walk into court for his arraignment? That wasn, quite jarring. I mean this was a man that launched the careers of so many. He's a billionaire. You know, some would say he had the Midas touch. Yeah, who was there who came out to support him? His entire side of the courtroom was packed. Andrea, several of his children were there.


His sons family members, a team of lawyers, and it looked like some friends as well. And then on the other side was all media from all over the world. Okay, so he pleaded not guilty and has denied the allegations through his lawyer as well. These charges are very disturbing. Chloe, one of the things that really got my attention was when I heard this term freak offs, that that, that the US attorney talked about As alleged combs use force, threats of force and coercion to cause victims to engage in extended sexual performances with male commercial sex workers. Some of whom he transported or caused to be transported over state lines.


Combs allegedly planned and controlled the sex performances, which he called freak offs And drugs came into play in all this. The prosecution says You're right, they talk about all sorts of drugs in the indictment from GHB to ecstasy to opioids claiming that combs would ply these women and men with copious amounts of drugs and that they would be disoriented when participating in these freak offs and sometimes not even realize that they were being filmed and that the recordings of them were then allegedly used to threaten them to stay silent. So what evidence did the prosecutor lay out that, that they have that against Sean Combs?


Well, They were pretty cagey, but during his arraignment they did say that they spoke with 50 witnesses, that not only did they find, you know, firearms with the serial numbers off of them, they have videos of these freak offs that during the raids they obtained over 90 cell phones, 30 thumb drives surveillance cameras. The indictment refers to surveillance video from a hotel hallway in 2016. It shows combs kicking and dragging his former girlfriend, Cassie by her hair, she was the first person to file a civil suit against Combs. That video became public this May and and right now it's the only allegation that Sean Combs has apologized for.


My behavior on that video is inexcusable. I take full responsibility for my actions in that video. So that has become a big part of this. It's a huge part of the indictment. And she did settle that civil suit with Diddy last year. I mean, I listened to prosecutors talk about the fact that the video backs up these claims of violence, and that was one of their big sticking points and why he shouldn't be allowed bail. But what I did find interesting is that when Coles' attorney got up there, he claims that before Cassie filed that civil suit, that allegedly she and her lawyer went to Diddy's legal team and asked them to pay for the rights for a book that she was writing for $30 million.


And that when he denied the opportunity to buy the memoir, that that is what prompted her to file this civil suit. And I think that that would be very interesting to a jury. Oh, for sure. Puffy's team at first made that allegation right after she filed last year. And Cassie's lawyer told the New York Times then that Puffy offered Ms. Ventura eight figures to silence her and prevent the filing of this lawsuit. She rejected his efforts and we do know that nine more accusers at least have since come forward with allegations of abuse dating back to the nineties. They Have The most recent of the 10 lawsuits was filed just last week by singer and songwriter Dawn Rashard, who worked with Puffy for more than a decade.


What was new about her lawsuit is that she claimed she witnessed him abusing Cassie in public and name names of people who saw it and did nothing. Yeah, she claims at a dinner party, she actually saw Diddy punch Cassie in the stomach and that she killed over and was crying. And that this really famous music executive named Jimmy Iovine, he ran Interscope records that he witnessed it and That wasn a night where Diddy was gonna be signing some big deal and that it actually still went forward even after they watched him allegedly punch Cassie. Now we've reached out to Jimmy Iovine for comment. We haven't yet heard back Andrea, but in the indictment, the federal prosecutors say that Diddy's behavior was recurrent and widely known.


Yeah. And I think a lot of people are going to think of Harvey Weinstein. You know, when woman after woman started accusing him and people were asking, you know, why wasn't more done? You know, bystanders who knew that this was happening? United States attorney, Damien Williams, he actually said something that I wrote down on a piece of paper I'm looking at that says he did not do this all on his own and that they are not done. This investigation is ongoing and I encourage anyone with information about this case to come forward and to do it quickly. Puffy's defense team is fighting back, of course, and one of his lawyers said last week about Don Richard's suit, that she's just trying to get a payday conveniently timed to coincide with her album release and press tour.


We don't know how many victims are in this criminal indictment, but the allegations are clearly very serious. So Chloe, what are the penalties that Sean Combs is now facing? One of those charges alone out of the three is a 15 year minimum sentence. The others, it could be up to life in prison. We heard the judge say that more than once, and I kept looking over at Combs to see if there was any reaction from him, and he was just stone faced, staring straight ahead. He was denied bail. I think some people will be surprised by that. Yeah, I mean his team put up a very solid argument. I listened to his attorney, mark Magnio talk about how Combs voluntarily moved to New York two weeks ago to cooperate with federal authorities because they had a sense this indictment was coming.


He also said, look, you know, Combs surrendered his passports. Some of his family members surrendered their passports, he held them up in the air and he also said that he was putting up one of his homes in Florida worth almost $50 million as collateral. But the judge ultimately denied it because she said that these allegations are things that happened behind closed doors. And she cannot confidently allow him out on the streets and know that he is safe to society. So it looks like he's gonna be sitting behind bars until this goes to trial. All right, well it's clear this investigation will continue. Thank you so much for taking the time. Thank you.


Up next, investigators make a second arrest in a Virginia double murder plot. Did a woman's husband commit not one but two murders to start a new life with the family au pair?


This episode is supported by FXs Grotesquery, a new series from executive producer Ryan Murphy. Heinous Crimes Unsettle a small community, and the local detective feels these atrocities are eerily personal as if someone or something is taunting her. Starring Niecy Nash Betz Courtney b Vance, Leslie Manville, and Travis Kelsey FXs Grotesquery premier's September 25th on FX Stream on Hulu


Murder we wrote. Millennial edition is the first true crime podcast party game that lets you tell the story. Each turn. The podcast host reveals the victim and each player uses their cards to take a witness role from the victim's life to explain who did the deed and how That wasn done hilarious combinations from pop culture provide an opportunity to show off your mad improv skills. For example, was the murderer David Bowie strangling the victim with his skinny jeans. Other players will assume the role of someone close to the victim playing cards and giving an interview on who they think murdered the victim. And how at the end of the round, the host chooses the story they feel best cracks the case or simply cracks them up the most with hundreds of different potential witnesses, victims, murders, and deaths, there are infinite stories to tell. And with the only limit being your imagination, the possibilities are truly endless. Get your copy of Murder we wrote Millennial edition exclusively at Target.


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up the same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, good height, the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the Sportsbook born in Vegas. Bet MGM in game sense remind you to play responsibly. Cbet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only US promotional offers not available in dc, Mississippi, New York, Nevada, Ontario, or Puerto Rico. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER available in the US for New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text Hope NY four six seven three six nine for Arizona call one 800. Next step for Massachusetts 1-800-327-FIVE 0 5 0 for Iowa one 800 That's off for Puerto Rico, 1-800-981-ZERO 0 2 3 Subject to eligibility requirements in partnership with Kansas Crossing Casino and Hotel.


For our next story, we're heading to a Virginia suburb and a house on a tree lined street where early one morning in February, 2023, Brendan Banfield walked in on a stranger viciously stabbing his wife Christine. So he told a 9 1 1 police dispatcher he shot him. But earlier This week after a 19 month investigation, police announced Brendan was under arrest, charged with not just the murder of the man, Joseph Ryan, who he admitted shooting, but his wife too. 570 days later we are finally in a position to announce that two persons are being charged and held responsible.


The other person charged in connection to the crime, the family au pair. And according to prosecutors, Brendan's lover. Here to tell us more is Dateline producer Maryanne O'Donnell. Maryanne, thank you so much for joining us. Hi Andrea, how are you? Crazy story. Good. Yeah, this is twisted. Yeah, let's start by talking about Brendan and Christine Banfield. What do we know about them? So They're a young couple, 30 something. Christine is a pediatric ICU nurse. He, Brenda Banfield is with the IRS. He's a criminal investigative agent. And together they have a little girl they needed help caring for their daughter.


And so as part of an au pair exchange program with Brazil, they hired a young woman in her early twenties. Her name Juliana Perez Magali. And she settles in with the family and apparently does beautifully. There's A but here. Yeah, a big, but prosecutors have a very different take on the relationship that develops. What they say is that Brendan and the au pair start a love affair. I know it sounds like a cliche, but it is something out of every woman's suburban nightmare. Husband falls in love and then the two lovers conspire to kill with a twisted plot to get a stranger to come to the house and try to pin it all on him.


Okay, so we go to the morning of February 24th, several 9 1 1 calls come in from the Banfield's house, first responders arrive, they find the man dead, and Brendan's wife stabbed several times. What do Brendan and Juliana say to the authorities? It's Juliana who speaks to police. This is the story she tells. She left the house with the little girl. Sometime after seven in the morning, around the same time Brendan Banfield left for work minutes out she realized, oh, I forgot our lunches for the day. She heads back to the house and what she says is that she sees a strange man enter the Banfield home.


She immediately reaches out to Brendan and he shows up minutes later on the scene and they together go upstairs to the main bedroom where they find Christine, this man standing over her. He's attempting to stab her or he or he has stabbed her. That's not clear. Brendan takes his service, revolver fires a shot, and then Juliana says, Brendan told her to go into his closet, there's a safe, get his personal Glock and she shoots the second shot. Police Are skeptical of this story. Absolutely, they're, they're absolutely skeptical. The 9 1 1 calls, that is the first red flag before Juliana actually speaks with the 9 1 1 dispatcher.


That morning there were two other aborted calls to the dispatch center and they're like, wait, why would you hang up twice? That right there was a red flag for them. But then much later they had gone to search the house and they saw a framed photo of Brendan Banfield and his au pair sitting on the nightstand in the main bedroom and Juliana's clothes now hanging in the closet. Tell us about this fetish website that authorities found with a, a profile with Christine and messages with Joseph Ryan.


Right. So they find early on, on Christine's computer, she has an account to something called FetLife for fetish hookups. The prosecutor said that there was no evidence to suggest that Christine set that profile up. So are they suspicious then that someone else has, has set up Absolutely. Someone else this Profile of Christine. Exactly. And this someone they believe was Juliana. Brendan Possibly one of them posing as Christine setting up this rendezvous at the Banfield home with Joseph Ryan. So Joseph Ryan, it appears then if, if the authorities are correct that he's this unsuspecting guy.


Absolutely. Who thinks he's getting a hookup. Right. And he shows up at the house only to be Killed. That is what the prosecutors are saying. Alright. So eight months after the murders, Juliana was arrested and charged with the second degree murder of Joseph Ryan. Juliana has pleaded not guilty, no charges though for the death of Christine Banfield. So the months go by and what we are all being led to believe is that authorities are looking at Brendan Banfield. And in fact, at an April hearing of this year, he comes in to testify and That wasn so tense because you could see Juliana sitting at the defendant's table staring at him as he is asked these questions and continually takes the fifth.


So what you're led to believe is that they are trying to squeeze her to get to him. We don't know if that's what she did. Earlier This week, he was arrested and charged with the murders of both Joseph Ryan and Christine Banfield. And not only was he charged, he was charged with four counts of aggravated murder and a count of use of a firearm. He has not yet entered a plea, but is expected to, to today, Thursday. And then there is also a hearing today for Juliana. There is, and I'll be there. And this is just weeks away from her trial scheduled in November.


So stay tuned as they say. All right, Marianne, thank you. We will absolutely keep watching this story. Yeah, when we come back, it's Dateline roundup. There's a last minute courtroom surprise for the mother-in-law of murdered FSU lawyer, Dan Markel, and a verdict in the Lori Shaver trial. And we'll talk to a Dateline producer who spent 20 years reporting on wrongful convictions


Murder we wrote. Millennial edition is the first true crime podcast party game that lets you tell the story. Each trend the podcast host reveals the victim and each player uses their cards to take a witness role from the victim's life to explain who did the deed and how That wasn done hilarious combinations from pop culture provide an opportunity to show off your mad improv skills. For example, was the murderer David Bowie strangling the victim with his skinny jeans. Other players will assume the role of someone close to the victim playing cards and giving an interview on who they think murdered the victim. And how at the end of the round, the host chooses the story they feel best cracks the case or simply cracks them up the most with hundreds of different potential witnesses, victims, murders, and deaths. There are infinite stories to tell. And with the only limit being your imagination, the possibilities are truly endless. Get your copy of Murder we wrote Millennial edition exclusively at Target.


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up the same game, parlay in your playbook, or betting the over on your favorite team, the BET MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET mgm. These sportsbook born in Vegas bet, MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See BET mgm.com for terms 21 plus only US promotional offers not available in dc, Mississippi, New York, Nevada, Ontario, or Puerto Rico. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER available in the US for New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or Text Hope NY four six seven three six nine for Arizona, call one 800. Next step for Massachusetts 1-800-327-FIVE 0 5 0 for Iowa one 800. That's off for Puerto Rico 1-800-981-ZERO 0 2 3 Subject to eligibility requirements in partnership with Kansas Crossing Casino and Hotel.


A project with so much potential, a unified and successful team, but then chaos, missed deadlines, no communication, and a trail of digital tumbleweeds. This wasn't just any project failure folks. This was the case of the collapsed collaboration. But there's a way to rewrite this story. monday.com can illuminate any project assigned tasks, track progress, and share files and updates all in one place with no mysteries. Tap the banner to go to monday.com.


Welcome back. Joining me for this week's roundup is Dateline's assistant story development producer Celia Tuy. Welcome Celia. Thanks for having me. For our first story, we're going to a Tallahassee Florida courtroom where Donna Adelson was set to go to trial This week for masterminding the murder of her ex son-in-law. FSU Law Professor Dan Markel motivated according to prosecutors by an ugly custody battle. But there was a big surprise in court on Tuesday. Celia, what happened? Well, jury selection in Donna's trial started on Tuesday, but it stopped pretty quickly. If you remember, Dan was shot to death back in his garage in 2014. Donna was arrested just last year at the Miami International Airport on her way to Vietnam.


This arrest was just days after her son Charlie, Dan's brother-in-law was found guilty for his role in the murder. Donna's attorney, Dan Rash Baum was also Charlie's attorney. Right. And Charlie who'd been brought to Florida to testify. He was supposed to sign a waiver saying that That wasn okay with his mom having that same attorney and that it wasn't a conflict of interest, but there was some problems with that. I have asked for my prior client's waiver again, he has decided not to give it. So as a result, I need to withdraw from the case. So Donna's lead attorney has withdrawn after he couldn't get Charlie's permission. So what happens now? She has a secondary attorney. Will that attorney continue with the case? Donna says she's ready to continue with the proceedings, but the second attorney says that he doesn't feel prepared to go on to trial by himself.


Hence the trial not going forward. There will be another hearing on October 15th to discuss case management. So we'll keep you posted on any more updates on that trial. Next up we have an update in another Florida story. This is the murder trial of Lori Shaver. She is the woman accused of killing and burying her husband in the backyard. She had that really surprising defense that That wasn actually her seven-year-old daughter who pulled the trigger. So at the end of last week, Lori took the stand sticking to her story that she didn't do it. Now your testimony is that she shot him, correct? Yes. So one of the things we were all really waiting for to see how this would play out is, you know, if her daughter, who's now a teenager would take the stand and she did.


And she backed up her mom, right? She did. She pointed to a really abusive household and he was beating Lori in the backyard and that she went out in the backyard and shot him. He had my mom on the ground still, still holding her to the ground, still kicking her and and I, I shot him, But the jury didn't believe her or her mom. They came back pretty quickly with a verdict. We The jury find as follows, as to count one of the charge, the defendant is guilty of second degree Murder. So the daughter testified that she pulled the trigger. Now does that put her in danger of charges herself since she's saying she shot someone?


Right. I mean if you confess to a crime under oath, anything you say can be used against you, even resulting in an eventual charge against you. But so far there's no sign of that. And let's bear in mind the prosecutor said he didn't believe her and she's only 15 at this time as well. Yeah, Perhaps the prosecutor almost feels like she's a bit of a victim herself in all of this. When is the sentencing for Lori Shaver? Her sentencing is tentatively set right now for November 25th, where she faces life in prison. Finally, former ballerina Ashley Benefield, convicted in late July of the manslaughter of her husband is making headlines again. Right? Remember, Ashley's defense team filed a motion saying there had been juror misconduct.


One juror didn't disclose a history of domestic violence. Another one snuck a phone in and was actually messaging a YouTuber about that verdict. And at a hearing on Monday, a Manatee County judge said that he would conduct interviews with those jurors. Wow. So this is progress for Ashley Benefield. How will these juror interviews be conducted? This is quite unusual, Right? The judge will receive questions from both the prosecution and the defense, and they'll be interviewed one-on-one with the judge, not in an open courtroom. And these interviews won't be recorded. Ashley Benefield's sentencing is still on for October. Yeah, her manslaughter conviction carries a prison sentence of 11 to 30 years behind bars. Okay, one, we'll be watching. Thank you for joining us, Celia. Thanks for having me.


Andrea. We talk a lot about justice on Dateline in most of our stories. It's what families, investigators, and attorneys say they're fighting for, and what juries do their best to deliver a just verdict. But what happens when juries get it wrong? According to research funded by the National Institute of Justice, an estimated 5% of convictions are wrongful convictions. If you do the math that adds up to a hundred thousand people sitting in prison for a crime they did not commit, my next guest knows this statistic better than most. Over the past 20 years, veteran Dateline producer Dan Slepian, has embarked on a reporting odyssey that has uncovered not one but six cases of men behind bars when they shouldn't be.


And he describes it all in his gut wrenching new book, The Sing. Sing Files. Dan is not only an award-winning investigative journalist, he's also my great friend. Dan, welcome to the show. Thank You. So the title Sing, sing Files. For listeners who don't know Sing Sing, you have a vivid description in the book of your first visit there. Tell us about it. It is a notorious maximum security prison about 40 miles north of Manhattan. And it looks like basically a warehouse of human beings of tiny cells running the length of two football fields stacked four tears high. When I walked down those tears, I literally thought to myself, I would not put my dogs in these cages even for a weekend where people need to live for 25 years or longer.


But the real shock to me from going to sing ing, and the reason why I kept going is 'cause I can't believe how many innocent people I found there. So your book introduces readers to six men. All of them have been convicted of brutal crimes. Give us a sense of what you found out after years of reporting on their cases. Each man that I feature in the book was convicted of murder. But when I started to look into their cases, I was astonished to find how unbelievably apparent evidence of innocence was in each of those cases. For example, in the case of Richard Rosario, he had 13 alibi witnesses and he was a thousand miles away in Florida when he was accused of a crime in New York.


And he gave police this information and they didn't do anything for 20 years. In JJ Velazquez's case, I was told five eyewitnesses picked him out. One of those five, never picked him out in a photo array and in court picked out a juror. When asked to identify the gunman in court, the other four of those four, two recanted saying that they were totally pressured by police to pick out jj, You visited him hundreds of times and sing, sing. What was it about him? Really what ended up happening is that when I started visiting him and getting to know him and his family, I saw how good of a man he was. And as the years passed and as I became sure of his innocence, when I saw J's own kids growing up, as I saw my own daughter grow up.


And for me that was a stark reminder, literally every day. Yeah. Of what is lost in cases like This. And he was eventually released. He got clemency in 2021, and you captured that moment on your award-winning podcast letters from Sing Sing. I watch as Maria and the boys surround JJ wrapping their arms around him. They're holding him so tightly I can hardly see. Oh my gosh. I listened to that whale live and it will never get out of my DNAI. It's in every fiber of my psyche.


Yeah. And there is more good news for JJ coming By the end of this month, I'm told JJ will be exonerated. The Manhattan District Attorney's office has finally agreed to consenting to vacate the conviction. Mm. And while that's really great news for jj, and I'm thrilled for him, this is what it took. We did a story on Dateline in 2012. He spent another decade in prison after that. It's only two weeks after my book, The Sing, Sing Files comes out that he's being exonerated. If it took him a guy like that, this much God help everybody behind him. As you said at the beginning, it's estimated a hundred thousand innocent people are sitting in a cage right now.


While you and I are talking just under 3,500 people have been exonerated in 35 years. Do you ever have any contact with the victims in these cases? Do you tell the story of these men who eventually get out against all odds? How do the families of the people who were killed feel about it? There's a phenomenon that I find that even when there is obvious evidence, it's very difficult sometimes for victims, families who thought justice had been done decades earlier to believe that it wasn't done. In other cases, the victim's families feel horrible. And what happens then, Now, that someone like jj, for example, is exonerated.


Do they look for the real killer? I have been looking for the real killer for more than two decades, but very often we don't find the real killer. Well, that would be amazing to solve that. Dan, congratulations on the book and I urge everyone to go get it. The Sing, Sing Files. And if you wanna listen to Dan reading an excerpt, you can find that in the Dateline podcast feed. Dan, thanks for joining us. Andrea, it's always a pleasure to talk to you on microphone or off microphone. That's it for this episode of Dateline True Crime Weekly. Next week we're off to a San Francisco courtroom where the murder trial of the man accused in the brutal stabbing death of cash app, CEO Bob Lee is set to begin.


And coming up this Friday on Dateline, all new mysteries are back. A mother was found dead on the ground outside of her Michigan home. Beneath an open second story window, investigators wondered, was it an accidental fall or something more sinister? None of it felt real like n None of it felt real. But That wasn real, real, the way a shadow is real when it exposes what lies behind. Tune in to NBC Friday at a special time. Ten nine Central to watch Keith's episode called The Shadow in the Window or Stream. Its Saturday on Peacock. And to get ad free listening for all Dateline podcasts, subscribe to Dateline Premium.


Thanks for listening. Dateline True Crime Weekly is produced by Frannie Kelly and Katie Ferguson. Our associate producers are Carson Cummins. And Caroline Casey. Our senior producer is Liz Brown, Koff production and fact checking, helped by Sara Kir. Veronica Mika is our digital producer. Rick Kwan is our sound designer. Original music by Jesse McGinty. Bryson Barnes is head of audio production. Paul Ryan is executive producer and Liz Kool is senior executive producer of Dateline. All right, good to see y'all. Have a great day. Bye.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bed. MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The Os. Oh or the no. No nos. No. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up the same game Parley in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, the BET MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET m gm. The Sportsbook born in Vegas. bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See BET mgm.com for terms 21 plus only US promotional offers not available in dc, Mississippi, New York, Nevada, Ontario, or Puerto Rico. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER available in the US for New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or Text Hope NY four six seven three six nine for Arizona, call one 800. Next step for Massachusetts 1-800-327-FIVE 0 5 0 for Iowa one 800. That's off for Puerto Rico, 1-800-981-ZERO 0 2 3 Subject to eligibility requirements in partnership with Kansas Crossing Casino and Hotel.