
This Halloween. Choose how scared you wanna be with Hulu on Disney Plus on Disney. Plus, be a little scared with Marvel television's. Agatha all along as Wand, Avi's Agatha sets off on an adventure of mysterious trials and on Hulu Get, terrified in a world of cult killers and murders in FXs, new horror thriller series Grotesquery. All of these and more now streaming available with the Disney bundle subscription terms apply. Visit Disney plus.com/ Hulu for details.


There are some football feelings you can only Get with. BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The O's. Oh Or. The No No nos No. It's the feeling That comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, Or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook, Or betting the over on your favorite team, good hike. The bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only Get that feeling at BET MGM. The sports book, born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet MGM and Game Sense. Remind You to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem Call one 800 gambler


That wasn. A happy habit. Their evening walk the summer habit of course, too soon now, That crisp bite in the air would turn bitter cold. But not yet that day, Friday, October 3rd had been uncommonly warm for Edmonton and Twilight seemed to linger as they ambled along the path. It wound its way through their neighborhood. That wasn a good neighborhood, safe established. Not quite grand, but not modest either. So they wandered the two of them and listened to parents calling in kids from the park. Almost dark now.


There out of nowhere. There, That, wasn. Sudden shocking, terrifying. I have never in my life felt fear like That. That is Marissa Hinney. Remembering the young man who stumbled out of an alley and collapsed at their feet, Came right across our path, just kind of fell in front of us. So stumbling along. Yeah. Yes, Marissa's partner, Trevor Inger was alarmed too, but something about It seemed off somehow. And to me that didn't look real. Looked like That wasn staged And What. What was He doing. Or saying Or, how is He behaving? He looked at me and said, I'm being robbed. Can you help me? And That wasn just a instant bad feeling.


That wasn, like everything in my body just tensed up. I felt bad. This is a bad situation. I knew right away something was wrong. And then as if on cue, another man appeared seemingly in pursuit. And then as I looked up, the attacker almost actually ran into me. Attacker looked that way. At least. Whoever That wasn was wearing a dark hooded sweatshirt and a hockey mask, just like the serial killer Jason and all those Friday, the 13th movies. It's like every nightmare you had as a child after watching a scary movie. Sure.


Every nightmare you've ever had. All of a sudden it's right. Here like this masked Guy Mask. Yeah. Guy is standing there And then said Marissa. The masked man did something quite unexpected. Well He, the guy in the Mask was pretending that they were friends. That, they, those two were friends Pretending May. They really were friends Because the way that He fell to me, looks, looks staged To Get us to stop so that they couldn rob us. Yeah, We thought That wasn a setup for us. Now convinced this was some sort of choreographed mugging. Marissa took off running I was like, I'm getting outta Here right now. I was so scared.


I was so scared. And I just I needed to Get out of Here, But not Trevor. He stayed behind, still not quite sure if the man lying at his feet begging for help was in need of saving Or not to do him harm. So you didn't know whether He was going to assault You. Exactly, Or, Whether He was running from that Guy for real, Exactly, My response was to run and Get the hell outta Here. His response was, what's going on? Here, I. I need to figure out what's going on. She was Down the block. I was freaking out on him. I was yelling at him. I was screaming at him, and I was so mad at him. And I was screaming like Hi pitched Trevor.


Trevor like, 'cause He kept trying to figure out What was going on. He was I saying, Trevor What, were you trying to do? Yeah. Why are you trying to be hero? You trying to be hero. And I was like, I just wanted to go. Yeah, Trevor said, the man in the hockey Mask then calmly walked away and disappeared back into the alley from which He came, but not the man lying on the path. He stayed right where He was. What in the world was going on. Trevor was Done trying to solve this mystery and ran after Marissa, leaving the man on the path behind, still pleading for help. Rather like a seasoned method actor like That. wasn an episode of the Twilight Zone.


Trevor and Marissa got home quick as they couldn and called the police telling them about the man and the mask and the guy begging for help. We said, Well, we think we were getting robbed. Like that's how we had described That wasn. We thought we, we won, be robbed and Right, right. So where couldn, they go from that That wasn a weird situation. A report was taken squad cars P plowed the streets and alleys nearby, though by then That wasn too dark to see much of anything And mean they s sniffed around. And that was That didn't find It, didn't find anything. And No victim ever came forward. No one ever reported to police that they had been assaulted in a quiet neighborhood by a man in a hawing mask.


I still have nightmares about that Mask. So was this some sort of staged robbery attempt? Or someone's idea of a sick prank. I really thought That the end of this thing. He just laughs his way all the way to the bank on It. At the end of the day, it's a big publicity thing for him. Or was It something else altogether? Did You feel sometimes like you're in the middle of, you know Alice Wonderland, the Matrix. Or something. Oh, Absolutely Absolutely. I'm Keith Morrison and this is Dateline's newest podcast. The Man in the Black Mask episode one. Where's Johnny Edmonton?


Alberta doesn't always Get quite the attention it probably deserves. That generally goes to its flashier sibling Calgary a three hour drive. South Edmonton, on the other hand, is the provincial capital home to a million people birthplace of all kinds of famous types like Michael J. Fox, KD Lang, Tommy Chong, and booming on and off courtesy of the massive oil signs a hundred Or. So miles to the north, Edmontonians are used to the roughnecks and roustabouts who blow through town on their way to and from the oil patch, which is perhaps why a particular sort of case often sucks up the time of the Edmonton Police service missing persons, though, typically such cases tend to solve themselves once the victim sobers up.


So when veteran homicide detective Bill Clark got a missing person, case dumped on his desk. I'm not thinking much is gonna come of this. Yeah, that is Bill Clark shaved head thick mustache built like a cannon ball. And in That moment, bill Clark was not happy to Call out a veteran homicide cop like him on a missing person Case Well. That just wasn't Done. We don't usually go to missing person like we, we we're very picky on What. We go to like basically, unfortunately for us to come out, you gotta be dead and It better be criminal. Like we don't even want to come out. If you're just dead, we got enough to work on. And if the patrolman doesn't know it's criminal, don't bother calling us.


Do we have a murder? Because if we don't, this isn't our file. I mean we have No indication of foul play. Nothing. Right? The missing person in this case was a guy who No Surprise worked in the oil fields. Johnny Tinger was his name. The friends who called it in said He was 39 years old. Tall, lanky with short brown hair, friendly, open face, and a lopsided grin. The said they hadn't seen him in a couple of weeks. Wasn't like him. The said. So with a grumble from Clark, they opened a file on Johnny Tinger No idea back at the beginning, how important that name was going to be.


Anyway, Clark and the other investigators put together a list of ALT's known friends and family members and started making calls to see if the guy really was missing Or, just out on a bender. One of those friends was a woman named Deborah Tyro. John was a very good friends. He was very warm and loving and kind. But we talked to Deborah too. And she told us she met Johnny Tinger on a dating website On plenty of fish.com. Plenty of fish.com. Yes. Deborah looked to be in her early thirties, petite with bobbed brown hair. She said nurses training had kept her far too busy to even think about dating.


But now she was Done and May ready for a man in her life. And I thought, okay, I'm, I'm gonna Get out There and 'cause they certainly were not falling through my roof. So I thought I better Get out there. And I also was very like, oh, you know, you have to be careful. I think when You put yourself out there, you have to have some sort of air of caution about yourself. Deborah has Well. Will It be fair to Call her A nurse's personality, smart, hardworking, and quite obviously compassionate. And she was looking for those same characteristics. May unrealistically in a guy, but the ones she was meeting just weren't cutting it.


And then she saw Johnny Ting's upbeat dating profile and agreed to meet him for coffee. I was there early and then John came in after and John's quite tall. And so He came in and And He was his bubbly self. He was just like, did He look like What? You expected He to look like? Yeah, He did. Yeah. 'cause I had seen pictures too of him. And we chatted about the same stuff we talked about on the phone. Of course we were both nervous. And so That wasn a really nice visit. There was a, but however, Well Johnny certainly saw Sparks De said she did not, I didn't feel That romantic chemistry with John. But you liked him. Yeah, but He just, and if you Liked him more like You, like a one A brother.


Or like a buddy. Yeah, like a friends. And as friends do, they began to pal around together. I would say, we spoke almost daily. Go for coffee. Or lunch. Or. Yeah. I enjoyed spending time with him. And so their friendship grew In his emails. You'd never just emailed me. Hi de That wasn always Hi Sunshine girl. Everything had a Hi Sunshine Girl. Yeah, Hi Sunshine. And I used to think, oh my gosh, but, but it's not so bad. But it, you know, it made me feel special. So That wasn like, oh, that's really sweet and I. Think You know. That's part of What built our friendship. You know we lifted each other up as friends. And He was Perfectly happy to keep It going as a friendship. Absolutely. Yeah.


Yeah. A friendship. So close That. The two were comfortable talking about all the different women Johnny was meeting up with on That, plenty of Fish website. One He dated for about a month and then it didn't work out. And then There was one other girl He was somewhat interested in, and I thought, okay then that's great. And, and so when He told you about these women, He told you about them. Yeah, He did. Then around the middle of October, Deborah got an email from Johnny saying, Hi, There, I've met a wonderful girl named Jen. I'm going to Costa Rica and I will keep in touch and Call You. When I Get back after the holidays, Johnny What did You. Think about that. My, my first thought was like, oh, he's truly trying to Get me to see he's moved on.


But I was concerned for him. And I I I felt like, be careful, you know, You, don't just Get on a plane and go meet a girl in Costa Rica. You have to be careful. And then I think That wasn. The following day, I was on MSN Messenger and Johnny popped line and in quotations beside his name, it said, I've got a one-way ticket to heaven and I'm never coming back. Mind You Johnny sent a message to a male friends Or two. As Well. Detective Clark got hold of That one. It didn't mention Heaven. He says, if anything happens to me, you know where I'm at. And You know, laugh out loud.


Ensuring the safety of your home and loved ones is everything. Simis Safes, home security, active guard. Outdoor protection is the only home security designed to prevent crimes before they happen with Active Guard Simis Safes 24 7 monitoring agents keep a close watch over your property. The cameras used advanced AI to tell the difference between friendly faces and potential threats alerting agents to suspicious individuals before they Get close to your home. These agents can talk directly to the intruder sound, a loud siren, flash lights even alert the police, while other systems only react after a break in. Simply Safe combines live monitoring and proactive protection both outside and inside your home. Protect your home with 50% off a new SimpliSafe system, plus a free indoor security camera. When You sign up for Fast Protect monitoring, just visit simplisafe.com/dateline simplisafe.com/stateline. There's No safe. Like simply safe.


There are some football feelings you can only Get with. BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The Os. Oh Or. The No No nos No. It's the feeling That comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, Or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook, Or betting the over on your favorite team hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only Get that feeling at BET MGM, the Sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. Cbet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem. Call one 800 gambler


Out of nowhere there That wasn, sudden shocking, terrifying I have never in my life felt fear like that. Was this someone's idea of a sick prank? Or? Was It a horror movie come horribly alive? I'm thinking He killed him. I need to film the murder.


I'm Keith Morrison and this is Dateline's newest podcast, The Man in the Black Mask. Listen for free each week Or unlock new episodes early and enjoy ad free listening by subscribing to Dateline Premium on Apple Podcasts. Spotify, Or dateline premium.com.


39-year-old oil field worker Johnny Tinger was missing. May friends hadn't seen him around since early October, and yet those same friends were getting email messages from him saying He was on vacation in Costa Rica with a new love in his life. One email seemed to explain everything it said, I've met an extraordinary woman named Jen, who was offered to take me on a nice long tropical vacation who'll be staying in her winter home in Costa Rica. A phone number to follow soon I won't be back in town until December 10th, but I'll be checking my email periodically. See you around the holidays, Johnny.


Which to homicide Detective Bill Clark seemed perfectly reasonable. Not hard to imagine that a love struck man might wanna leave the snow and ice of Edmonton behind and skip off to the tropics. Who knows? May He did go to Costa Rica. I mean stranger. Things have happened, right? You don't know. Still just to be thorough, investigators did a little tour of ER's, condominium and That wasn. Messy for sure, dishes in the sink, clothes strewn about, but it certainly did not look like a crime scene. Our crime scenes guys, they've reported back from Johnny's house that there's nothing Here.


There's No blood No signs of a struggle. Yeah, the place is a little bit dirty. It's a bachelor pad. You know He didn't clean his dishes. So that's where we're at. Oh, and his car was gone. His red Mazda coop. So let's find the car, find the car. Hopefully we find him. Or have an idea where He is. Since Johnny ER's emails said he'd taken off for Costa Rica. Officers went to the airport of course, and looked for That Red Mazda of his. They searched in every parking lot. It wasn't there. They combed through airline passenger lists. He wasn't on any of them. And just as the police were contemplating that puzzle, one of ER's friends, friends surfaced With yet another intriguing email.


This email was sent to Johnny while He was still in Edmonton. And That wasn from Jen, that woman he'd apparently accompanied the Costa Rica. That wasn sent to him the evening of their first date, October 10th, That wasn driving directions to her home and Johnny hadn't met her yet after all. So He forwarded the email to a friends just in case I. Can't remember the last word of the, of the email, but He says, if anything happens to me, You know where I'm at. There wasn't a phone number, not even an address, but there were detailed directions to replace. So two patrol officers drove the very route and the directions led them to a quiet residential neighborhood.


And along a back alley to a detached two car garage. Went an odd place to meet. The officers did some checking and found out the garage had been rented to a local celebrity of sorts. A guy named Mark Twitchell, who was making a name for himself as a scrappy young, independent filmmaker. So they called him. And this Twitchell character readily agreed to leave his wife and daughter at bedtime and drive all the way across town and open up the garage. But when He got There, He took one look at the padlock on the door and realized somebody had changed it.


He couldn't Get in. So with Twitch's permission, the cops broke in, had a quick look around and found nothing except for an empty work table. Few tools on a trash drum. The place was empty, just the same. Why would someone change the lock? And why did that woman Jen direct Johnny Tinger to that backyard garage the very day He disappeared? Don't know, said Mark Mitchell, but he'd be happy to tag along to the police station and help out any way. He couldn. The first thing That I know is the padlock didn't look familiar to me.


In fact, this is Mark Twitch explaining to a detective named Mike Taber that he'd been using. The rented garage is a poor man's sound stage to shoot a short film. That wasn designed to drum up publicity buzz, if you will, and with any luck investor money to allow him to produce a full length feature movie. It's a suspense thriller. Actually, we do. It's a short film. The total run time's only gonna be about eight Or, nine minutes. Okay, so yeah, suspended thriller, right? Of course, He had a crew in and out of the place during filming, said Mark and several actors, May.


One of them was up to something, but it seemed unlikely and none of them had ever asked to borrow the set for anything. So if There was anything like that, if somebody needed to borrow the place, Or, whatever, then they would let me know. So they'd let You know, they Or, they'd ask Or, something like that. So yeah, No I don't know anything about That. Anyway, He said He didn't need the garage anymore. He'd removed all his camera gear and props and this and That and moved onto a real film project. He was shooting elsewhere. I'm working on a comedy right now, which is a, it's actually a full-blown feature that's actually gonna have a decent budget in the neighborhood of about three and a half million, Which mattered not at all.


To Detective Tabar. Point was, where was Johnny Tinger? And who was that woman he'd been flirting with online, the one who gave him directions to the garage, told him she'd meet him there and spirit him off to Costa Rica. The woman who'd signed her emails. Jen, Does the name Jen mean anything to you? No The That wasn. Last thing about That too and yeah, something. Yeah. Jen Or, anything like That. So the name G doesn't mean anything to You. You don't know a G. You don't have an actress name. Jim Mystifying said Mark Twitchel.


He had a bad feeling about this. A man disappears after telling his friends He was going to the very place Mark's movie had been shooting to meet some actress Mark had never heard of, and now police were involved. As soon as they called me on the phone. I Get this weird chill. And on top of That, now He just discovered somebody changed the lock on his garage studio. That was all Mark Twitchell had to say. He didn't know a darn thing, had nothing else to add. Manless, this actress Jen, was some sort of phantom and a garden variety. Backyard Garage was like a magic portal, like in some sci-fi movie Well.


Detective Clark's thoughts were more practical at that moment and May urgent. So we're thinking our next step logically is the garage. We gotta check inside and have a Close look.


There are some football feelings you can only Get with BET MGM sports book. That's right. Not just the highs. Who? The os. Oh Or. The No No nos No. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling That comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, Or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook, Or betting the over on your favorite team fit Height, the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only Get that feeling at BET MGM. The Sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV. Be MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem Call one 800 Gambler.


I'm Keith Morrison. This story is about the end of the world. A frostbitten pet, cemetery and zombies. This is a story about a woman linked forever to the awful things that happened to her children. Well, it has to be heard to be believed. Think you know every Dateline story. Think again. Listen to Mommy Doomsday and a dozen other riveting series. When you follow the Dateline Originals podcast, The leaves drift to the ground, the wind rises.


Pull up a chair by our fire and listen to stories from the darker side of the past. I'm Maddy And I'm Anton. And on our podcast After Dark Myths, misdeeds and the Paranormal, we tell stories of villages and the death of Queens Of Tudor Ghosts. That will not sleep and of murder among gravestones For spine tingling history from the darker side of the past. Listen to After Dark from History hits wherever you Get your podcasts, What a strange coincidence. That wasn, the rented Backyard Garage, an independent Edmonton film crew was using as a studio was the very place the missing man Johnny Tinger was supposed to meet his mysterious blind date Jen Gen Odd, especially since the movie producer director Mark Twitchell expressed Exactly the same confusion as the police did.


He didn't Get It either. The dots didn't connect. Mark Twitchell said He. Didn't know Johnny from Adam. Didn't know this gen woman either. And besides there was No evidence, Johnny never made it to the garage at all. The close friends were the ones that had come to the police and they basically had nothing other than these emails. Detective Bill Clark wasn't in on the Mark Twitchell meeting, but He was curious. Was the guy truly on the up and up like it seemed He was. So Clark pulled up the video recording of Twitch's chat with Officer Taber. You know when I watch an interview, I'm not really Li I, listen to What, the guy says, but I'm looking at body language.


I'm looking for signs of deceit and I. Remember coming outta the interview going Well this Mark Twitch Will Guy interviewed really Well. There were No signs of deception. He's free flowing with the information. He's answering the questions logically. I don't see any, you know, looking away. I don't see any of the nervousness. Nothing. Oh, but now this case was under his skin. Bill Clark is He. Doesn't mind admitting an old school detective. The sort that seems to exist mostly in the movies these days, kinda like a fifties film noir. I'm a pit bull I, consider myself a pit bull. You Get a case and you Get your teeth into it. It's, we're those A type personalities?


We want to Get the guy. You know, we want to Get this guy and put him away. But What guy, Or woman, who was the bad guy to Get in the Johnny Tinger case? Was there a bad guy? Was There even a crime? Well? Who knew? Really? So Clark kept himself on a tight leash. He had yet to smell anything like blood. You must have come to some point where you thought, ohoh, this definitely foul play, right? No? Not yet. Not at all. All the cops had after all, was a missing man who might just have run off somewhere with Or without some mysterious woman named Jen, which would certainly account for the fact that his red Mazda coop was gone too.


But really, aside from a few curious emails that might Or might not make any sense, there wasn't much for investigators to go on. So being cops, Clark and his colleagues employed standard procedure, they doubled back for a second. Look at things like that garage. Johnny was apparently headed for when He vanished the first time the cops went there. That wasn very one's over. So we're thinking our next step logically as the garage, we gotta check inside and have a close slip. And so they applied for a search warrant to look more thoroughly, give the place a real forensic going over And it gets turned down because we're told we don't have a crime. We haven't proven there's a crime committed.


And we're going, oh nah, this is all good. Yeah, it's like now What. I said Well, we might as Well phone Twitchel He was cooperative with Mike Taber. Let's phone him up. May, he'll come down Or. We'll just Get the key from him. So I just phone him up and he's all good. No problem. And then He says Well, I'm going to my mom's house. And I said, Well, you know What, why don't we meet you there and you give us the key and then we'll go in. He goes, yeah, He says, I'll need you to sign a consent form for us to search the garage. Yep. No problem. Mr. Cooperative, just like He was the interview the night before, It doesn't raise any red flags with me at all. So we sent a detective out to meet up with Mark Twitchel. Clark expected the detective to return in an hour Or. So with the key and consent form.


But No, the detective called Clark instead with news, it just couldn't wait about a story. Mark Twitchell had just told him. Detective says to me, He says, bought a red masol a guy. And He didn't mention It At all before. Never mentioned it before. But Had somebody asked him about such a car Before, he'd been asked several times about the car during that first interview. Yeah. And by the patrolman who first met him the first night at the garage, not a mention. Now all of a sudden He tells Murphy. Yeah, I bought a red car off a guy for slipped my mind forgot to tell You about It Slipped my mind Right away. I thought there's something fishy going On. So Clark invited Twitchell to come back down to the station for a meeting, then 10 30 on a Sunday night and Twitchell agreed Everything You do Now we're, we're analyzing, we're we, we Call it.


The up arrow down arrows scenario. Yeah, yeah. This is an up arrow. Mr. Cooperative will come down. We'll talk to us at 10 30 on a Sunday night. That's an up arrow for Mark, right? Right. He's being cooperative. It's all good. Red car. Mazda hasn't mentioned It. Big down arrow. Big down. Big down arrow. Big down arrow. But two arrows, if that's all You had. It wouldn't buy you a cup of coffee in a weird investigation like this one. You know, we were flying by the seat of your pants. Don't know anything about Twitchell. We don't know anything about this guy. Our plan was if he's gonna tell us about the red car, he's gonna have to tell us where It is. So our plan was, as soon as He tells us where it is, Get someone in That room to go out and find a car.


May, something comes up in the car, let's Get the trunk. Like we're thinking there's a body in it. May, right? We don't know. So Twitchell comes in, I shake his hand, you know, Hey Mark, thanks for coming in. Appreciate It. He's going, yeah, sorry about That red car. And I'm going, you know, mark, anybody couldn, forget that, you know, there's a lot going on. The police are involved and the whole time I'm thinking, who would forget this red car? Like you're an idiot buddy. Like something's going on. But as the interview proceeded, the young filmmaker was the very picture of cooperation. I Get. This Call from my co-producer on the phone with this guy from Elliot that's helping me put together my big feature. The day players Comedying He volunteered information, He answered questions without hesitation, Or any apparent guy.


Clark watched his body language and That wasn open, comfortable. So they got to the story about the Red Mazda and What a story that was said. Mark He was sitting in his own car. He had stopped for some reason, just a few blocks from his rented garage. Then this guy taps on my window And his knee jerk reaction was, And at first I'm thinking, okay, he's gonna ask me for like loose change, Or, you know, something like that. As can happened anywhere, Edmonton included. But He didn't look like a transient. He seemed to be, you know, just like a normal person Except What. He wanted to do was not even close to normal, said Mark.


The man was desperate to Get rid of his car, offered to sell it right then and There to Mark for practically nothing. And the reason is crazy. He goes, Well, I have shacked up with this really rich lady, you know, it's like a sugar mama kind of situation. And she's going to take care of me and she's gonna buy me a new car when we Get back from a vacation that we're gonna take. So I'm just looking to unload buying and don't really care that much. How much I Get for It you? How much do you have on you? And so I say Well 40 bucks and with that toned and everything, like, I'm not expecting anything Here and He.


He's like, yeah, sure, fair enough. I'm thinking, okay, What is, they're like You know two tons of cocaine in the trunk. Like I'm trying to figure out What. The catch is Here Apparently said Mark There was No catch and nothing wrong with the car, except it had a standard transmission, which He didn't know how to drive. So He left. It parked in a friend's driveway. Does He live close by Or? What? Yeah. He lives. Just say a couple of blocks away, A detective listening in from another room sent someone out to look for the red car. And meanwhile, bill Clark left the interview room partly to regroup, but also to see how Mark would act when they left him alone.


And if He was rattled, He certainly didn't show it. Instead, He calmly placed a Call to his wife Hey. So What, Well, I try to answer some more of their questions and fill them in and everything like that. And now like it turns out that the the car is in fact belonging to this missing guy and that it's a huge deal. So that's What. This whole thing's about What in Heaven's s name was going on. Bill Clark didn't have a clue beyond his suspicions that is there.


Something about this guy He was just too, too something. So Bill Clark, good cop, decided to become Bill Clark. Bad Badcock, right? Or wrong. He was about to lean in on Mark Twitchell, The game's on. It's Me against Him. I know it. Coming up in future episodes of The Man in the Black mask. He told me that He just finished his house of cards, which was about a serial killer. But He wanted to pursue more of that. And I said, Well, why not a female serial killer? Why is it gotta be a guy?


You know? And I said, let's explore That In a story. Sure, in a story. And then I turn around. Finally. And I see this guy and He is wearing this mask. He's hitting me all over with this Sun Gun That wasn. Probably the most spell binding interview I've ever had with a witness. The Man in the Black Mask is a production of Dateline and NBC News. Vince Sterling is the producer Brian Drew. Deb Brown and Marshall Hausfeld are audio editors. Justin Ratford is Fuel producer. Leslie Grossman is program coordinator.


Adam Gohan is co-executive producer. Paul Ryan is executive producer and Liz Cole is senior executive producer from NBC News Audio sound mixing by Katie Lau. Bryson Barnes is head of audio production.


There are some football feelings you can only Get with bed MGM Sports book. That's right. Not just the Highs. Who? The Os. Oh Or. The No No nos No. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, Or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook, Or betting the over on your favorite team, be Hike. The bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only Get that feeling at BET MGM, the Sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See BET mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem. Call one 800 gambler.