
There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The Os. Oh. Or the no, no nos. No. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus be. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, good height, the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM The sports book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the D-M-V-M-G-M and Game Sense. Remind you to play responsibly.


See BET mgm.com. For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER. Hi everyone, I'm Jenna Bush Hager from today with Hoda and Jenna, and I'm excited to share my new podcast open book with Jenna. Each week, celebrities, experts, friends and authors will share candid stories with me about their lives and new projects guests like Steven and Evie Colbert, Nicholas Sparks, Emily Henry, and more like a good book you will be feeling inspired and entertained. Join me for my brand new podcast, open book with Jenna premiering on Thursday, October 3rd. Follow now wherever you get your podcasts. Hey everyone. Andrea Canning here inviting you to listen to the latest episode of Dateline True Crime Weekly.


It's our newest show helping you get up to speed every Thursday morning on the biggest true crime stories around the country. You'll get the behind the scenes scoop from Dateline producers and NBC news correspondence in the field. Plus we'll talk to experts to bring you the best advice on how to stay safe out there. New episodes drop every Thursday in the Dateline True Crime Weekly feed. So take a listen and follow the new show wherever you get your podcasts. We'd love to know what you think. Morning. Good morning. How you doing? Good. You are listening in to Dateline's morning meeting in 30 Rockefeller Center. Why did he wait nine days to report her missing? Our editorial team is catching up on breaking crime news around the country.


She's Also found strangled in her bathtub. No, the family feels they know who did it. That wasn marijuana. There was having intimate relationships with prison guards. I'm Andrea Canning. Welcome to Dateline True Crime Weekly. It's September 26th and here's what's on our docket in California. The stabbing death of a Silicon Valley executive made national headlines last April 1st with Tales of lawlessness in San Francisco, and then stories about decadent partying as the man accused of the murder gets closer to trial. We've got the facts behind the case. There was a lot of sensationalizing before any of the facts were even out. In Dateline Roundup, a Kentucky town is left reeling after the arrest of the local sheriff for allegedly murdering a judge.


And we've got the latest on Sean Combs legal troubles. The complaint alleges that defendant Combs and another defendant viciously and violently force sexual contact on the plaintiff. And the today shows Vicki Win is back this time with safety tips about what to look out for when it comes to financial scams. You're Not the bad guy, the bad guys are the bad guys. Trying to take your money. You're the victim. But before all that, we've got some tapes for you to listen to. Recorded phone calls between the mother and son at the heart of one of the most hotly anticipated murder trials of the year. Donna and Charlie Adelson, the trial of Donna Adelson, the Florida grandmother accused of conspiring to murder her former son-in-Law was supposed to begin in a Tallahassee courtroom last Tuesday.


Hundreds of potential jurors showed up at court. As we told you last week, Adelson was scheduled to stand trial in the same courtroom and with the same defense attorney as her son Charlie, who was convicted for his part in the murder almost a year ago. But a last minute decision by Charlie stopped the trial before it even began. Dateline producer Brad Davis has been covering this case for nearly 10 years and he's here to talk to us about what happened and what he's learned about the Adelson's relationship from listening to hours of wire wiretaps and jailhouse recordings. Hey Brad, welcome to the podcast. Hi. Great to see you Andrea. Okay, so before we get to all this chaos, tell us, just remind us a little bit about the Adelson family.


Who are they and how did Dan Markel fit in? Yeah, well, Dan Markel was a, a highly respected law professor at Florida State University FSU, and he was married to Wendy Adelson and they had two very young sons and Wendy came from South Florida from a pretty prominent family of dentists down there. Her father, Harvey was a dentist and her mother Donna ran the office, was sort of like the manager. And they also had Rob, who's a physician who's older, and then Charlie is also a dentist. So Dan and Wendy had gotten divorced, but there was an overhanging issue about the custody arrangements with their sons.


Wendy wanted to leave and take the kids back to South Florida to close to her parents and Donna Adelson, the mother got deeply involved in writing emails to Wendy, telling her, you know, like, you've gotta go fight dirty, you've gotta go low. Yeah. And then Dan filed a motion to prevent his sons from spending time alone with Donna. Yeah. And this was right toward the end. They were gonna have a hearing, but that did not happen because Dan was killed before it could happen. Okay. So ultimately after his death, investigators uncover this murder for hire plot. Yes. Two men drove up from South Florida and shot Dan Markel point blank range.


And the, the evidence has shown in three trials so far that they were hired by at least certainly by Charlie Adelson who was convicted. The big question now is whether Donna was involved, she has pleaded not guilty to charges of first degree murder, conspiracy and solicitation, which are the same charges. Her son Charlie is serving a life sentence for. Yes, that is correct. She's alleged really to be the mastermind of the plan. Now there there's actually no witness that that can implicate her directly and say, oh yes, she was pulling the strings, but there's a whole lot of audio. Let's talk about that. Two years after Dan's murder, investigators started wiretapping Charlie's calls.


What can you hear on those tapes? Yeah, I mean a lot of the calls, it's, it's sort of, they're, they're sort of mundane, you know, they're talking about breakfast. Good afternoon. Oh, good morning. I don't even know what time it's good morning. You know, it's so good. Sunny side up eggs with some slice nova. Oh, You talking about, you know, Wendy's kids and her who she's dating and that sort of stuff. She Goes to those kids, they're not gonna hang another dad. No, no. What I'm telling you, here's an opportunity for them to grow up with a, with a dad who you know, who would be great. But then you know, at at various points they're really sort of talking down about Wendy mom As much as you feel like knocking her over the head, I feel like punching her. And then over there, Charlie and Donna seem to be quite close, mother and son on these calls.


Yeah. In Georgia, Cappleman, who's the prosecutor in the case, has referred to Charlie as a mama's boy, which may be a little overstating it, but Donna and Charlie definitely have a very tight relationship and they talk on the phone a lot, which Led investigators to come up with a plan. Right. An undercover FBI agent pretending to be related to one of the hitmen, walked up to Donna and seemed to demand a payoff. The point of that was it's, it's to what they call tickle the wire, which means that they wanted to get Charlie and Donna and talking about this, and that's when Donna calls Charlie and they're speaking in sort of code.


I've got some, I've got some paperwork hand delivered to me. Does it involve me or other people? Well, probably the two of us. So you probably have a general idea what I'm talking about. Yeah, so they never come out explicitly and talk about a plot. And we should say that Charlie tells his mom in another conversation that she's done nothing wrong. You didn't do anything wrong, you didn't do anything to anybody. Somebody is fishing, let them fish. But there's more audio prosecutors have pointed to as suspicious jailhouse calls between Donna and Charlie after his conviction. Hello. This is a prepaid collect call from Charlie, an incarcerated individual at the Leon County Jail.


Yeah, these are all in November mostly of, of 2023. And she's distraught. I don't get it. I don't get it. I said to, I swear, God, our family was curse. She has talking about fleeing, talking about leaving the country. We've Looked at all the places. I mean I could go to Korea and China, but there's no extradition, but we're looking for places that there's no extradition. The FBI arrested Don Adelson at the airport in Miami as she and her husband were going to Vietnam, where they had bought one way plane tickets and That wasn caught on video, which we played in our last Dateline, a team Of federal agents and police officers swarmed the jet Way. Donna's attorney has argued in court, she was just going on vacation and if she wanted to, she could have fled years earlier, he tried to get the trip excluded from Donna's trial, but the judge denied that motion.


Which brings us to last week when the trial was set to begin, Donna and Charlie, as we mentioned, shared the same lawyer, Dan Rash, Baum, That wasn, an objection from Charlie that really derailed this trial. Right? Yeah. I mean that's how, that's how it, it appears. Charlie had to sign a waiver to say, yes, it's okay. Even though he represented me, it's okay to represent my mother as well. But Charlie is on the list to testify and he's talking to his appellate lawyer apparently and says, you know, no, I'm not gonna do the waiver. So Dan Rash Baum says to the judge finally like, I'm withdrawing from the case. And Donna Adelson is in tears at that moment in court.


So That wasn quite a mess to happen at the very last minute when everyone was gearing up for trial. Does this seem like a, a possible crack in Charlie and Donna's close relationship? Yeah, I mean it's, it's sort of hard to say. We don't know what's in Charlie's mind exactly, but this definitely came as a surprise I think to her and everyone else in the court. Donna's current lawyer, he gave a press conference and said, plea negotiations may not be on the table. Is this a new twist? He said that they would be open to speaking with prosecutors, which sort of threw everyone a little bit. It is the first time that that, that's really sort of been a, a realistic option that's been discussed.


Okay. A lot of balls in the air on this one. Brad, thank you so much for bringing your years of knowledge on this case to Dateline True Crime Weekly. We appreciate it. Sure. Glad to be here. Up next, we're headed to the West Coast and a case that got everyone talking, the murder of a tech exec on the streets of San Francisco. There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM sports book. That's right. Not just the highs Woo the Os. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season.


The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team height, the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV be MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER. The air hung heavy in the courtroom. The people pressed shoulder to shoulder it heard the gossip in the whispers about a family teaming with passion and hate about a mysterious disappearance and a pile of bones found burning in a lime pit.


And now they wanted to know what really happened, but even they were not prepared for the story that came spilling out the secrets, the lies, the confessions, and the ending so unimaginable. And now you will hear it too. The Dead Alive on Morrison Mysteries a true story that became a classic novel. Listen now wherever you get your podcasts for True Crime fans, nothing is more chilling than watching Dateline. Have you Ever seen such a thing before For podcast fans? Nothing is more chilling than listening.


What Goes through your mind when you make a discovery like that and When you subscribe to Dateline Premium, it gets even better. Excuse me if I sound a little skeptical. Every episode is ad free. Ooh wow. So this could be your ace in the hole And not just ad free, you also get early access to new intriguing mysteries and exclusive bonus content. So what were you afraid of? Dateline Premium. Subscribe now on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or dateline premium.com. Are You ready for what's coming?


In April of 2023, a man was stabbed under the San Francisco Bay Bridge. He staggered down the street dripping in blood, asking people for help. Nobody did. And he called 9 1 1 himself. Bobby, There's a male screaming help saying someone stabbed me, advised he's bleeding out. Medics are around code three. He is outside on the street, But That wasn too late. Bob Lee, a 43-year-old tech executive who co-founded Cash App died a few hours later on an operating table at San Francisco General Hospital. When the news broke the first stories featured fellow tech workers worrying about random crime we Have, we have a right to go to walk the streets at night.


They'll say The city's murder rate is up in recent years along with robberies, thefts and assaults and homelessness is skyrocketing city. But when the police made an arrest in Bob Lee's murder, they revealed he hadn't been robbed and the person who attacked him wasn't homeless, wasn't random. That wasn, the older brother of a woman he liked to party with and the coverage of the case began to change. The report also shows Lee had several drugs in his system at the time of death, alcohol, cocaine, And ketamine. Dateline, associate producer Kelly Moody, has spent the last year digging into the facts of the case. We asked her to bring us up to speed on her reporting about that night and the real Bob Lee.


Hi Kelly. Hi Andrea. Nice to be here with you. So There was so much early speculation as we mentioned about this crime set us straight on everything starting with where did this happen? This Was a pretty nice neighborhood that is right by where the Giants play baseball in this touristy stretch along Embarcadero. He was found on the sidewalk around two 30 in the morning overnight from Monday into Tuesday. Okay, So what was Bob doing in San Francisco in the first place? He, he didn't live there, is that correct? He had previously lived there. His children still lived there and his daughter was actually in a play that weekend. So he came into town from Miami for this play and to also do a little work, do a little play.


Bob had a really big friend group and was beloved. Many of them were fellow tech entrepreneurs. He often was investing in friend startups and business projects and he was expected to return back to Miami on Tuesday morning and a friend was actually going to take him to the airport. But when friends and family were unable to get ahold of him, they started looking at his location with find my on their phones and saw that he was actually at a police station. Yeah, this is where it gets really scary. Turns out he's actually not at the police station. His phone is, he's in surgery because he had been stabbed three different times, twice in the chest, once through the heart.


We know that the first media reports are that this is a random attack, but within just hours, police dismissed that theory. So according to charging documents, they were able to find a trail of Bob's blood on sidewalks and that led them to an area where they were able to recover a kitchen knife with a four inch blade. And so they started looking through surveillance video and they actually found who they believed to be Bob arriving nearby in a white BMW. He wasn't alone, Bob was with another person. And this is the person police end up arresting. He's a man named Nima Ney and he's the brother of a woman. Bob sometimes partied with her name is Kazar.


They had immigrated with their mother from Iran to the United States when they were young teenagers. So Bob knows Nema socially as Czar's brother. So what is the prosecution saying happened the night Bob died? Prosecutors believe that Bob and Kazar had seen each other a couple of times that weekend with a few others they were partying with. Then at one point they believe that Kazar may have passed out from drug use and her brother Nema found out about it. And according to the prosecution brief, NEMA may have thought that Kazar was sexually assaulted while she was under the influence of drugs. Whatever happened is murky. But we do know that according to the prosecution brief, Nima FaceTimed Bob possibly to confront him and then Bob went over to Czar's apartment.


Yeah, so there's quite a bit of surveillance video, and in that surveillance video we can see Bob Uber's over to Czar's apartment where NEMA is, And then an hour and a half later an elevator camera captures Bob and Nema leaving the apartment together. And here's the thing, they look fine, even friendly. It makes you wonder about the prosecution's theory that Nema was angry with Bob. Yeah, unfortunately it doesn't have audio, but we do see them going down the elevator together and then Bob gets into the passenger seat of Nina's white BMW, and then we can see them drive away together toward the Bay bridge. The street cameras when they're outside the building are not as sharp.


Yeah, But there is a grainy shot of what the prosecution says is the two of them standing outside the car. When one of them, the figure that's wearing roughly what we see Nima wearing in the elevator shot suddenly moves toward the figure they say is Bob. And then it looks like Bob is walking in the direction of the sidewalk where he's later found while what looks like NEMA follows him for a couple steps, then seemingly throws something, gets back in the car and drives away according To the prosecution. That figure is NEMA throwing the knife, which then police find. Yeah, they've since tested it and found that Bob CNA was on the blade and NMAs was on the handle.


So that's all we know right now of the prosecution's case. Last week the defense filed a motion outlining what they plan to argue in court. What? What have they revealed so far? From What we can tell, they plan to argue self-defense. They believe that Bob had this sudden flash of aggression and NEMA stabbed him to defend himself. What About the prosecution's argument though, that Nema brought the knife from his sister's apartment? That would mean that the murder could be premeditated and not self-defense. So the defense is challenging that and they say Bob is the one who brought the knife, but there is a bit of a wrinkle there. Prosecutors say that Nema actually has a history with knives.


There's one story of him being previously arrested in 2005 for stabbing two men in a fight. But he was released as at that time That wasn deemed that it could have been self-defense. And then there were a couple of other occasions over the years when he was detained by police and was found to have knives on him then as well. Kazar is on the witness list. That doesn't necessarily mean she'll take the stand, but if she does, do we have any idea what she might say about what happened or how her brother was acting? The texts that have been presented in court so far are the ones where she is telling her brother quote, nobody touched me and you're scaring me, you're psychotic.


She also texted Bob the morning that he died apologizing for her brother. So when does the trial begin? Jury selection is set to start next week, so trial is expected to start soon. Kelly, thank you for joining us and for following this story. Thank you, Andrea. When we come back, it's Dateline Roundup. Another woman comes forward to accuse Sean Combs and closure for the community where Chad debell the self-proclaimed doomsday prophet once lived. Plus we've got some tips on how to avoid financial scams. There are some football feelings you can only get with bed. MGM Sportsbook.


That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh or the no, no nos. No. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, good height, the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the Sportsbook born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. Cbet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements.


Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER. They were sweet little old ladies, Helen at Olga, their mission to get homeless men off the street and then one day tragedy. Why are we telling you this? Well, we've covered many plots over the years, but nothing quite like this. I'm Keith Morrison. Think you've heard every Dateline story? Think again. Listen to the thing about Helen and Olga and a dozen other riveting series when you follow the Dateline Originals podcast. Hey guys, Willie Geist here reminding you to check out the Sunday Sit Down podcast.


On this week's episode, I get together with 16 time Grammy winner, Alicia Keys to talk about a career full of beautiful music and the new Broadway musical inspired by her own life. You can get our conversation now for free wherever you download your podcasts. Welcome back. Joining me for this week's roundup is Dateline producer Marissa Meyer. Welcome Marissa. Hi Andrea. Thank you for having me. Okay, so for our first story, we've got the latest on Sean Diddy Combs, who has been in jail since being indicted last week on federal charges of sex trafficking and racketeering.


He is facing more legal troubles this week. Marissa, what is new there with this case? So this Tuesday, Gloria Arid, who as you know is a very famous attorney. She's represented a lot of women in some very high profile cases. She held a press conference representing a woman named Thalia Graves Thalia through her attorneys Sues, Sean Diddy Combs, and another individual and other entities In this lawsuit. Graves is saying that Combs and his bodyguard drugged her, and she's alleging that they sexually assaulted her in 2001.


The trauma of the assault has taken a toll on my mental health. Graves is alleging that Combs may have filmed the incident. You know, this is what we've been hearing, that there's all these videotapes and we, we don't know that for sure, but that's what's been said about a lot of the other cases. Yes, and in this one too, she's accusing combs of not only recording the assault, but she's also accusing him of sharing it and is alleging that he was selling it as pornography Combs has pleaded not guilty to the federal indictment. Has he or the bodyguard said anything about this, this new lawsuit?


As of right now, neither of them have commented. Okay. Well we will keep you posted on this developing story rapidly developing. Next up we're off to Kentucky where a courthouse shooting last week shook a small town. Marissa, tell us what happened there. It's a really curious story, Andrea, and it's one that is just developing. So we're gonna find out more and more what we know so far is that a whitesburg judge, Kevin Mullins, was shot to death in his chambers and police are saying that the Sheriff, Sean Steins was the one who did it. Witnesses had supposedly heard gunshots after the two men had been arguing, and then Sheriff Steinz turned himself into authorities at the scene.


Do the police have any theories about what motivated the shooting? So that's the thing. They're saying that right Now, that they're looking into it, but they're not sure yet. That's the questions that we're still trying to get answers to. What led up to the actual shooting itself and the the moments prior to On Wednesday, steins was arraigned and pleaded not guilty to one count of first degree murder. We'll update you as the case moves forward. For our final story, we're off to Idaho, the home of Doomsday prophet Chad debell, the man convicted of murdering his wife, Tammy debell, as well as two children of his second wife, Lori Vallow debell in 2019.


Marissa, there was some big news out there over the weekend. Yeah, So the day Bill's family home was demolished this weekend, and this house was a really big part of the case because it's not only where Tammy Debell was murdered, but it's also where the children's remains were later found too, Nate Eaton, a reporter for East Idaho News, who we had on the podcast during Chad's trial was actually there during the Demolition Salem. They're about to start demolition on the home behind me. They have the backhoe there ready to go. A not-for-profit has bought the house and they plan to turn it into a place of healing Now that it has been demolished.


Huh. Well that that's nice. Yeah. Thank you so much for the updates on these stories, Marissa, and for joining us on Dateline True Crime Weekly. Of course. Thank you, Andrea. In this week's stay safe, we've got some eye-opening numbers for you. According to the latest data from the Federal Trade Commission, more than 2 million consumers reported being the victim of financial scams last year with losses adding up to billions of dollars. So what can you do to be on the lookout for scammers? We asked today's show's senior consumer investigative correspondent, Vicki Wynn to give us some tips starting with something we all do a lot these days online shopping.


Hi Vicki, thanks for coming back. Hey, Andrea, great to be with you. What kind of online shopping scams should people look out for? There are so many, but number one, you definitely wanna make sure that when you are shopping, you're clicking on a legitimate website. You need to look for that retailer. Enter in the website, look at the beginning of the URL. Does it say H-T-T-P-S? The S stands for secure. It means that website is encrypted. That's what you want because you're going to be entering your financial information. Number two, if it's a site you haven't heard of, but you're pretty convinced that it is legitimate, enter the name of that site into Google and the word review. Look at that site on the website Trust Pilot or the Better Business Bureau, because this is where you can rely on crowdsourcing and your peers and other shoppers who've had an experience with this site to let you know, is it a green light?


Should you proceed, or is it a red light? Should you stop? And so I really wanna caution people against clicking on any links that are sent to them that are unsolicited from an unfamiliar retailer. What about phone or text scams? Andrea, as we have become more accustomed to living our lives on our phones, the scammers have kept up with that. Now they're sending pretty sophisticated looking texts. It's called smishing because it stands for Short message service. So instead of phishing with the email, it's smishing with your text, it follows a similar pattern asking you to click on a link because of this great deal. Or, Hey, there might be a problem with your order. Click here. We'll sort it out. Never click on any links that are sent to you via text or email.


All right, so you realize you've been scammed. What is the first thing you should do once you know this has even happened? This Is so important. Number one, don't blame yourself. You are not the bad guy. The bad guys are the bad guys trying to take your money. You're the victim. So the moment that you start to feel in your gut that this conversation you're having via text or email, or even on some of the social media messaging apps, when it starts to take a turn and suddenly this person you've never met is asking you for money or wants you to send gift cards or give them some of your personal information, that is when you should absolutely cut off communication. Stop replying. Here's the thing, sometimes these scammers will get really aggressive at that point.


Why aren't you messaging me back? That's when you know it's a scammer. And so I want you to feel okay walking away, even if they threaten or try to extort you, odds are they will most likely just move right on to someone else. So if you Have already sent money, is it even possible at this point to get it back? You know, that's the frustrating part, Andrea. You've gotta report it right away. Time is of the essence, so you're gonna report it to your local law enforcement. If That wasn your bank account or your credit card that were compromised, you wanna tell those companies right away because they can help stop a payment perhaps, or they can put a freeze on your account. Sometimes credit card companies can refund you, but you do also wanna make sure that you report it to the fbi@icthree.gov, the letters IC, and then number three.gov and the FTC as well@ftc.gov.


Listen, they might not always be able to help you get your money back, but what happened to you might be part of something bigger that they're investigating. And also, it helps these government agencies put together press releases to warn people about the new and emerging scams because unfortunately, these bad guys keep trying to stay one step ahead of the consumer and ahead of law enforcement. Wow, These cameras are getting so good, which means we have to get even better with our vigilance. Vicki, your tips are amazing. Thank you so much for coming back to the podcast to share all of this with us. Love to be with you. Thank you. That's it for this episode of Dateline True Crime Weekly. Next week, we'll have everything you need to know about the Florida woman accused of the Bizarre Suitcase murder.


Prosecutors say she zipped her boyfriend into a suitcase and left him to die. Wait until you hear her defense. And coming up this Friday on Dateline, it's the season premiere. That's right. All new two hour mysteries are back, and we're starting with a story I've been working on about a dad's 13 year quest for justice in his daughter's killing. Something happened, something bad happened, and I was pretty convinced of that. Tune in to NBC Friday at nine eight Central to watch the Butterfly or stream it Saturday on Peacock to get ad free listening for all our podcasts, subscribe to Dateline Premium. Thanks for listening. Dateline True Crime Weekly is produced by Frannie Kelly and Katie Ferguson.


Our associate producers are Carson Cummins. And Caroline Casey. Our senior producer is Liz Brown, Karloff production and fact checking help by Sarah Kir. Veronica Mika is our digital producer. Rick Kwan is our sound engineer. Original music by Jesse McGinty. Bryson Barnes is head of audio production. Paul Ryan is executive producer and Liz Cole is senior executive producer of Dateline. All right, thanks everybody. Have a good day. There are some football feelings you can only get with Bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo The Os. Oh or the no, no nos.


No. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team bet, hike the bet. MGM Map is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the Sports Book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV. Be MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.