
Do you ever watch TV and think, wow, I'm really good at this? You are right with rewards on sling. Watching 30 minutes of TV daily gives You chances to win up to $10,000 in cash and other monthly prizes. Sign up for Sling or Stream for free with sling free stream to Get rewarded for watching TV Sling. Lets You do that. Visit sling.com to learn more and Get started. No purchase necessary for It we're prohibited by law. Visit sling.com for more details


Now. Trending fall and DSWs Here with all the obsession worthy shoe trends you need in your closet. Feeling fierce DSWs got bold snake print boots and A retro sneaker with animal print details going for demure Kitten heels are the eye-catching yet walkable heel all over your feed and all over DSW From edgy moto boots to sweetly simple ballet flats. Find the must own shoe trends of the season right now at your DSW store or dsw.com


Tonight on Dateline. I just kept hearing her scream over and over again and I didn't know What to do. I Get A Call from my sister. She said someone broke into the house and I think mom's hurt. This was A brutal cold blooded killing. It's No secret that my dad and my mom had been arguing. How'd He come off? It Seemed like He should have been more upset. She was having an affair with A coworker. So if we had to check him Out, I said, Carrie, who killed my mom? And she said, I. Think That wasn Zane Who was saying He's A nice stalker. I'm scared he's gonna hurt me. Someone's framing me. Framing You. Yes, I saw there was A confession A.


Lot of the things didn't make sense. They created this bubble around the two of them that was void of reality. You, tell me the truth. Yes. Do I look like A bad kid No. I'm A. Good kid. They were playing out A lifetime movie. How do you Get your head around this thing like that? You don't. I wonder how is It That? I didn't see It That wasn A murder that seemed simple to solve. There was A witness, even A confession. So why was the mystery growing by the minute? I'm Lester Holt and this is Dateline.


Here's Keith Morrison with Down. the Rabbit. Hole. They were young and foolish and drawn to their phones like moths to A flame. God I swear s love You. s love you too. So much to talk about. So much to plan. I just wanna live my life the way I wanna live. It They together created this dramatic World. I worry about You constantly. You're on my mind all day Wanting to feel That love so badly you'd do anything to keep It.


You know how It happens? So did Shakespeare. Young lovers caught up in their overheated dramas so fiercely, so intense, so dangerous. Stop blaming yourself for It. Things happen for A reason. But all anyone knew When this drama began was contained in A. Different kind of phone. Call. Okay ma'am, what's your name? Carrie Murphy That wasn the middle of the night. Middle of July in Ambo, Texas, just outside of Houston. The tearful 16-year-old girl was pleading with 9 1 1 to send help.


Somebody was in her house and was attacking her mother. All I did was hear my mom scream, stop, stop, stop. Okay, but did they break in or did they just come in? They broke in. So right away they sent Deputy Constable Fred Hooper over there. And about all He knew was that A panicky teenager had told 9 1 1 Her mother was being attacked. My heart's pumping, not knowing What to expect, and still thinking that the suspects couldn possibly be on scene. By then the second deputy had arrived and He and Hooper prepared to confront What was possibly an ongoing crime. You must have, you know, gone in with your guns drawn and the whole thing You.


Correct. We started at the the side gate, Small house, fenced backyard. They passed the trampoline A swing set and A pile of bricks. And on the way going to the back door, we noticed that there were two windows. That were broken. We got to the back door. That wasn open. So we made entry into the house. Straight in front was the kitchen. And as You walked into the back door to the right, There was the living room. And then A door to the main bedroom. And there she was lying on A water bed.


She was covered in blood. Was she still alive? Was did she have some vital signs? She did not appear to be alive. couldn You. See any obvious wounds besides all this Blood? She had lacerations. That, we couldn. See Her name was Maryanne Murphy. She was the mother of the girl who calls 9 1 1. Deputy Hooper cautiously moved through the house looking for the intruder. Only person in the home was the mother. So if There was somebody there, they were long gone. Yes. By then the victim's daughter, her name was Carrie, had calls her older brother. Scott Murphy was 21 years old, working overnights at the airport doing electrical repairs.


And all she said was, someone broke into the house and I think mom's hurt. I dropped everything in my hand, every tool. I dropped It and I made my way home. On the way There Scott calls their dad, Dawn, who was also working nights, When I got to my parents' street and There was 15 to 20 cop cars outside. That's When. I knew something was bad. So you arrived, got outta the car, What happened. I was very loud, very boisterous. Where's my mom? Where's my sister? Scott couldn't see that. Carrie was huddled up in Deputy Hooper's car And an officer had advised me to step away from the house.


They wouldn't let me in. So I began to Get aggressive and Get very hands-on with the officer. He was hysterical, which I understood because if That wasn me, I probably would've felt the same way. At that point, I was then cuffed and put in the back of A car. And at the time, I was very angry. I remember being in the back of the cop car, kicking the door, trying to kick windows, trying to Get outta my handcuffs. What was going through your mind with all this going On, all I'm thinking is why won't they let me see her?


Why won't they let me go to her? Did It dawn on You? At some point there was probably A reason for That. When, my dad showed up and my dad looked at me and He just put his finger up and He mouthed the words. Stop, wait. And so I mean I may have been in my twenties, but my dad says, stop. Stop. Scott's father had A talk with the officer. And in A matter of minutes, Scott was let go. So I went up to my dad and my dad. My dad was A very hard man. He was loving and He was A committed father. But his love was was tough.


And my dad looked at me and He said, do you have your big boy pants on? And I said, yes sir. And He looked at me and He shook his head and He said she didn't make It. That means your mom didn't make It. And I looked at my dad and I, I just kind of glared at him. And I looked at him and I said, dad, I'll kill him. And He said, son, There are some things You don't say out loud. Scott had No idea who killed his mother and his lust for revenge wouldn't do much good. Scott had some things to learn about pain and loyalty and betrayal before the killer was revealed.


Quite A bomb That went off in that family. Yep. Or A virus. That infected everyone. You Can't change the way that God does his way. Does He give You nightmares? You couldn Call It A nightmare Or love if you wish the kind That curdles into something else. All together the street was A jumble of lights and cars and curious neighbors.


When, detective Juan Monts of the Harris County Sheriff arrived. Who was the first person you talked to? And what'd You hear? The first officer That I spoke with was the first responding officer. Let 'em know What had taken place. Did they see or talk to Carrie at all? No at at that point, Carrie was still in my patrol vehicle. Carrie, the victim's daughter, deputy Hooper, had talked to her about What happened in the house. And He briefed Detective Ver Montes, She heard A male's voice that was telling her mother to shut up. And then she ran out of the house and tried to Get some help from anybody that would be outside Inside. At the scene of the killing.


An interesting bit of evidence, We discovered A gun laying by the mother's head underneath the pillow. That wasn. Marianne's own handgun. A, semi-automatic. She didn't Get. A chance to use It, Obviously. No, sir, not from What. We can tell. No Must have been asleep. When, she was attacked. Couldn't Get to the gun in time. Your mom was pretty handy with A gun, wasn't she? She was. It normally sat on A A A leather case on the headboard and When the police found It That wasn on the bed on the actual mattress. Which means at some point It had been touched. Yeah, And knowing my mom, she would've went for It.


And if she hadn't been asleep, if she hadn't also been deaf in one ear and thus caught by surprise, she'd have taken any attacker down. Figured Scott. Because That wasn hard to Get the best of Maryanne Murphy. She was strong A, strong woman, strong values. And she stuck to him and she made us stick to them as well. Heather Tucker grew up with Maryanne's daughter Carrie. She had known Maryanne her whole life. You spent A lot of time at her house. Yes. Tell me about That. Maryanne was funny, she was sarcastic, she was comfortable around Carrie's friends. When. Heather came to the house. It wasn't Ms. Murphy. It wasn't anything like that.


That wasn. Hey mom. She treated us well, but she would also kind of like talk back to us. I. Remember we introduced one of our new friends to her for the first time and we warned him that Maryanne was deaf in one year. He's like, oh, okay. And so He walks up and He very loudly is like, Hi ma'am, nice to meet you. And she said, damn It boy. I am deaf. Not stupid. Oh, miss Maryanne. Okay, where do I start? Katie was another childhood friends of Carrie's. She liked Maryanne the minute she met her. I remember walking in through their garage and she just had such like joy, like I.


Just remember thinking, Oh my God, like she looks nice. She was always I doing things for Carrie and buying her things and taking her to and from wherever Carrie needed to go, She had What. I would Call sometimes the Dr. Jekyll, Mr. Hyde effect. She couldn, you know, be getting onto you about You. Know You did something wrong. You didn't do the dishes right, the phone would ring and she just, you know, hello and just be the sweetest person on the phone. And then she'd hang up and be right back to getting on you. But When It came to her kids. When It came to her family period. All she wanted was for us to thrive. Was she the boss in that household?


I considered her the boss. I think anybody would consider her the boss except for Maybe. Dawn, her husband. They were so different. Mom and dad, very different careers too. Marianne worked for the Department of Public Safety. Dawn was A machinist. My mom grew up very country, very strict. Her dad was A cop, ex-military. So He had A very strict regimen. My dad on the other hand, was the proverbial, you know, from the wrong side of the tracks. Fast cars, loud cars, street racing, fighting. They didn't make A lot of money. Brother Murphy's did. Okay, Scott got A kick out of his mom, respected his father and doted on his little sister.


I You know I changed her diapers as A baby You know I I painted her fingernails red, white, and blue. For 4th of July. I was the first one to teach her how to braid her hair. And now He couldn see That, his baby sister still only 16 years old, had been through A. Terrible ordeal, terrified, hiding in her room, running to the neighbors. Police needed to Get What information. They couldn from their fragile witness. One of the things I wanted to do, of course, is transport her to the homicide office and conduct an an interview in A. More appropriate setting. Detectives strapped in for A. Long Night I kept screaming. My mom's s name I was like, mom, mom, mom, please answer me.


Answer me. As their young witness told her terrible story.


Do you ever watch TV and think, wow, I'm really good at this? You are right with Rewards on Sling. Watching 30 minutes of TV daily gives you chances to win up to $10,000 in cash and other monthly prizes. Sign up for Sling or Stream for free with sling free stream to Get rewarded for watching tv. Sling lets you do that. Visit sling.com to learn more and Get started. No purchase necessary for we're prohibited by law. Visit sling.com for more details.


Nobody does selling Better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. The shop pay feature even boosts conversions up to 50%. So if you're into growing your business, your commerce platform better be ready to sell. Wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling, upgrade your business and Get the same. Checkout top brands like Allbirds. Use Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash podcast Free all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash podcast free to upgrade your selling today.


Where'd you Get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers That, make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of You. From daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between. Because You do It all in really great shoes. Find A shoe for every you at your DSW store or dsw.com.


Carrie Murphy was A 16-year-old mess. By the time the detective sat her down at the station around sunrise the night she'd been through tough for anybody and this young somebody had just lost her mother. You want some water? No? They did What. They couldn to make her comfortable. They would need her to figure out What happened to her mother. No, you need to use the restroom before we we start the interview can Be, You're okay. Okay, as far as that goes, great. She wouldn't be able to tell them A lot. She didn't see much she said. But she heard A lot and she'd help if she couldn tired as she was.


We brought you Here just to talk to you. Right? You know, try to Get some information about What happened at home, right? That wasn the sound of her mother screaming. She said It woke her to an intruder in the house. My mom's screaming, stop. Stop. Help me. Help me. Help me stop. And I got scared. She says she got up, stop and got A knife that she had in her, in her room and waited A. Few minutes you Were in your room and your mom was in her bedroom, Right? Okay. And I I just heard like A man's voice. Go shut up. Shut up. And I. I got scared. I didn't know if I should run out. I didn't have A phone on me.


I couldn't Call 9 1 1 right then I I just didn't know What to do. And I I froze and I heard like footsteps like running and like hard footsteps running. And I'm sorry, I walked out of my room and I kept screaming My mom's s name. I was like, mom, mom, mom please answer me, answer me. And she didn't say anything. She waits A few more minutes and then she runs out the house and she's running out the house. She mentions the paper That she saw outside as she was running And I slipped on this piece of paper in the yard. So I picked It up and then I ran to A neighbor's house.


On that piece of paper was Maryanne's address and A list of hours. When, she would be at home. Weirdly. There was another note too, right on the dining table. Deputy Hoer saw It first the Note stated, good luck in court without your mom. The killer added the B word. Carrie said she didn't see That note she was in such A rush to Get out. But she told detectives something that seemed to explain it's mean. And He was speeding. She told them she was supposed to be in traffic court in just A few hours she'd been in A car accident with A Man A. Few weeks before He hit me in the the back and then I did A 180 and then He hit me in the front.


He got mad because When He opened the door. He was like, I'm sorry, I'm sorry but it's your fault. But They gave You A ticket for for A onsite lane Change. Yes sir. Okay, But Carrie said That wasn't the end of It. Something strange happened with that same man. Only A few hours before the murder, she was at A restaurant with her mother and some family friends. And I had noticed this man like staring at my table. I looked back 20 minutes later and He was still staring. Later She said She realized That was the man from the accident. And that this person That was there. That You said It. It looked like the guy That that You had an accident with.


Yes Sir. She was at home later, That night, When, another odd thing happened. And this gave her the creeps And I was doing scrapbooking like yeah. And I noticed, like I kept seeing the same headlights that the same headlights had passed like three times in the past five minutes. I got kind of suspicious. So I started watching out of the kitchen window. She said She told her mother about It, but Maryanne didn't do anything. She said She calls her brother too. She said A blue truck that was driving around the block over and over and over again. So I left my house A little early to go to work and I went by my parents' house.


So I just kind of sat out in the driveway and I waited for I wanna say 15 to 20 minutes. He didn't see anything wrong. So He headed to work sure as He couldn be that things were okay though they were anything but, and now this case seemed to be pointing in A specific direction. And the question was, carry the real target. Do you have any enemies? No No. I'm A. Very nice person. You've had any problems with anybody other than, than this? This person in the accident. No and You have A picture of him or or You know you have that paperwork there at your house.


Yes, it's in A blue folder on the table. A Stranger with A grudge. It wouldn't be the first time someone killed out of misguided rage. But this investigation was just getting started. So detectives would also be looking at someone who was not A stranger. It's No secret that my dad and my mom had been arguing. Katie remembers how she heard the awful news. She was at work. When A former teacher calls to say Mrs. Murphy had died.


And so then hung up. The phone old calls my mom and we go directly to Carrie's house and I knock on the door. And I'm like saying her name. I'm like, Carrie I. Wait. No answer. And then I was walking back to the car and A reporter stopped me and they were like, do You know Carrie? Are you friends with Carrie A reporter? Katie's first clue that something was seriously wrong, that Mrs. Murphy didn't just die. Katie also didn't realize that Carrie was still talking to Detective Es and other detectives had been since the wee hours.


She had told them about the man from the car accident. The sheer terror she felt That night and the awful thing she witnessed. I just kept hearing her scream over and over again. Detective Mont analyzed the crime scene in the hours after the murder. He explained to us What. He saw that night as He walked from room to room. There in the dark. He began at the back door where Carrie said the intruders had broken in. The first thing I was looking for was to see if There was any forced entry into the house. There was No signs of damage, No signs of forced entry. It looks kind of like the way It looks now.


Another thing I noticed was the window broken. Both paints on the window were broken. There was some glass inside the residence and there was also glass outside. There was A brick Here on the kitchen floor, which It didn't make sense 'cause most of the glass would've been contained to the inside of the house, not outside. It looked like someone threw A brick through the windows twice. And then He noticed that note on the dining table Was handwritten. And It said something to the effect that Good luck in court without your mom bitch. Strange A killer taking time to leave A note and one so incriminating.


There was items on the floor. It appeared that somebody had had just swept everything off the, the kitchen counter and That wasn just laying Here in this area. Here He got to the bedroom where Maryanne was killed. It appeared that she had been stabbed multiple times over 50 times at least. Even though she was covered in blood, the blood was contained to the body. And A little bit on the bed, No bloody footprints or hand prints anywhere else in the house. So somebody had don something to contain the blood. The veteran detective just knew the house was telling him something.


So the fact That There was No signs of forced entry. There was more glass outside the residence than inside. So that led me to believe That. This was A stage scene that someone was trying to make It seem like either That wasn s home invasion or A burglary gone wrong. But who would do That? Maybe an outsider. Sure, somebody with A dead be grudge. But Anytime that there's A female A mother or A wife that killed at the residence, we start looking at people that live with her. Like the husband carrie's friends at her dad was kind of scary.


He was like rough around the edges. Pretty strict. Like I. Remember the perception, the way Carrie talked about her dad was like, should I be afraid of him? Don wasn't necessarily friendly. He wouldn't go out of his way to start A conversation with me. We definitely minded him. Everybody minded him. How did He Get on with Marianne? I never really saw them interact much just because at at that point, When I was hanging around. He was working nights, so he'd be sleeping or He would just be sitting in his chair trying to relax. It didn't take long for investigators to learn That. Maryanne and Dawn were sleeping separately. There was more than A little tension in that relationship.


He had been having some trouble with alcohol, Right? He had, my dad had been He He had been struggling with, with some alcohol addiction For A. Long time It had always been an an issue growing up. But over the past, probably year and A, half It had been A pretty A pretty regular thing, yeah. For him to, you know, put down A few and then sometimes more than A few. Well, how'd your mom feel about That? Oh, my mother was less than happy about That. She wasn't A drinker. So to her, if You have more than two drinks, you're drunk. Of course. And once you know, two became four and four became eight, eight became 16. That's When. The this is, this is not going to happen.


And she was very, very vocal about that. Deputy Hooper talked to Don the night of the killing When. You first saw him. What'd He look like? What. How'd He come off? What did. What were you thinking I? Guess you couldn say He was more calm under the circumstances of the situation. It seemed like He should have been more upset. But He wasn't. Don Murphy would speak with detectives, submit to fingerprinting and answer questions concerning his whereabouts around the time of the murder. But as far as detectives knew their best and only witness was A tearful 16-year-old girl whose story was about to change.


I do know you need You need to put It out. There care. I'm scared He is gonna hurt me In the long difficult hours after his mother's murder, Scott Murphy understood. The detectives were just doing their jobs. I mean they they fingerprinted me. They fingerprinted my dad. It's No secret that my dad and my mom had been arguing. So It made sense. Scott remembers Will after they left the sheriff's office.


How his tough as nail's father seemed lost My dad just by himself. He picked up A A piece of sidewalk chalk and He just started to write on the ground by himself. And in just big, big letters, It said, I'm sorry, What was Don Murphy. Sorry for did It seem to you? That That wasn in the realm of possibility. That He had something to do with this. Never my dad doted on my mother. He loved her from the day that He met her. And I don't care how mad she got at him or how mad she made him. He was never gonna hurt her. And Now that she was gone.


Scott saw his father falling apart. I mean He started to tear up. And He looked me in my eyes and He said, I can fix A. Lot of things. But I can't fix this. Nobody couldn fix It. But detectives hope, Carrie couldn make sense of It. They were still talking to her the morning after the murder, still wanting to know how did the killer Get in the house? They came in through the front door or the back door. Back door. Okay, but did they break in or did they just come in? They broke in. Did you notice if if they kicked the door in or if they pried the door open? No I didn't pay that much attention By then. The detectives knew the back door was intact.


How do You think they got in? Whoever got in the house? I don't. Well you said there was glass S right? There was, yeah, But the killer they explained didn't Get in through that broken window either. There's No way for somebody to reach in and unlocked the back door. There's not No, There's not It doesn't make any sense. No It doesn't. Before you heard your mom scream for help, did, did you hear any glass breakage, No, any glass break? Nothing No. My radio was turned up, But the neighbors heard the glass break and That wasn right before they saw Carrie, One of the neighbors said that they heard glass breakage.


And within 15 seconds they see Carrie walking out from the backyard. Now that did not compute. Investigators questions were getting more pointed. They heard the glass breaking. Okay. And they heard the second glass break. There was two windows broke. Yes. And within seconds they see you come out of the backyard. No The neighbors were Hi on weed. She said they must be mistaken. The girl was kind of A puzzle. Even right after the killing, as she was waiting in the backseat of Fred Hooper's patrol car, She just seemed A little too calm for someone whose mother had just been attacked.


Any more detail? Well, she asked, am I going to have to go to court while she was in the backseat? And I thought that was strange. Strange That, she was still concerned about traffic court for that car accident. When, her mother had just been murdered. But then Deputy Hooper already knew there was something fundamentally wrong with Kerry's story had known from the moment He found Marianne's body, The mom was laying there covered in blood, and the blood had started to dry And went in the house and saw your mom. And now in the interview room with the Sun Rising, detectives listened with growing skepticism as Carrie tried to explain why It took so long to Call 9 1 1.


He was in the kitchen for A long time, like I heard him wrestling with like papers and stuff in the kitchen. I Don't A. Stranger isn't gonna spend all their time if, if, if He don killed your mom. And then just lo gag around in in the kitchen, They pushed her on the question about the blood. There's too much of her blood that's already dried. And if I really don't want to hear this. Well, I'm sorry. Well, That, that's where we're having the problem in I is that is That timeframe that if You heard her screaming and You ran out and within minutes the police are There, It, It.


It's obvious that she had been there for some time, not just minutes. Still, I'm really not understanding. I'm sorry. I mean I'm really not understanding. What, are you not understanding Like What, y'all are trying to say, are y'all trying to say I killed my Mom? I mean, I'm trying to say that you have some more information that you're not telling Me. No sir. I do not I. I do not. I told the cops and y'all everything I know I am. But Carrie, your story does, does not fit Then well. Maybe, she was tired. Maybe, she'd run out of answers. But suddenly Kerry Murphy had something important to tell homicide detectives.


It wasn't some stranger or some guy from A car wreck who killed her mother. That wasn someone she knew. I do know You need You. Need to put It out. There care. I'm scared He is gonna hurt me. Well, Who is He Curry? His name is Zane. What's his name? Zane. Zane. Who was Zane? He is A nice stalker. Zane was A was A kid from the neighborhood. That. She didn't care for him. And and she believed That He had broken into the house and and killed. Killed her mom.


20-year-old Zane Ahmed used to go to Kerry's Hi school, but He dropped out in the 11th grade. Carrie said she'd known him A little over three years. And that He had become obsessed with her. He got mad. When I I told him I wouldn't go out with him. And he's been told to stay away from my house and He just keeps coming back. So there That, wasn, A news story about Zane and another guy who was masked. They were the killers and they threatened to kill her too. And He held and I looked to my throat and He was like, You tell anybody, I kill You. And He backed me up against the house.


And He had his hands starting from Here going across like this. And the knife was in his hand over Here. And I was standing like this. And the guy When He was like, oh, do something else. Start, do something else. He ran the knife down my chest and to my stomach and down my leg. And He was like, You better make this look like A robbery and put the note in my hand and He closed my hand. And He was like, don't you say. And then He grabbed the bricks and He threw 'em through the window. Maybe that explained why the neighbors heard the glass shattered just moments before they spotted Carrie leaving the house. If this guy Zane was truly dangerous, Gary's fear and lies made sense.


Still Detectives had to know was He A killer or an accomplice? You didn't let the man, you didn't give him A key. No.


Do you ever watch TV and think, wow, I'm really good at this. You are right with rewards on Sling. Watching 30 minutes of TV daily gives You chances to win up to $10,000 in cash and other monthly prizes. Sign up for Sling or Stream for free with sling free stream to Get rewarded for watching TV Sling. Lets You do that. Visit sling.com to learn more and Get started. No purchase necessary for we're prohibited by law. Visit sling.com for more details.


Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. The shop pay feature even boosts conversions up to 50%. So if you're into growing your business, your commerce platform better be ready to sell. Wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling, upgrade your business and Get the same checkout top brands like Allbirds. Use Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash podcast free all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash podcast free to upgrade your selling today.


Where'd you Get? Those shoots easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know like the sneakers That make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles That show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do It all in really great shoes. Find A shoe for every you at your DSW store or dsw.com.


What happened inside the little house in Unbold, Texas. On that dark summer night, detectives were learning this much. Carrie had lied about an unknown intruder and then she blamed A kid named Zane. So was this new story true? One thing they were learning, Carrie and her mom were not getting along. Do You have your cell phone with You right now? No. I do not. Okay. Where is It back at home? Or where does It at I don't know my, I'm grounded. My mom had It. Carrie would tell me stories about them fighting all the time. I had already known like Carrie was grounded for something or like that. Her mom yelled at her for something.


Maybe A polygraph would lead to the real story. Her father signed off on It. So Carrie took the test, but in the end, It wasn't helpful not to carry. Anyway, the results suggested she was not being truthful. Jerry, you want some more water? Yes, please. Okay, so they started again. You're giving us already two versions. Okay. I know I'm just so scared. Well, tell me What happened. Did she do any more than one version of the Zane story or was It pretty consistent? No No, she, she changed that story as well. My mom screaming my name. Her new story contains some added elements she remembered.


She actually saw the attack and tried to help her mother. I grabbed my knife and I ran in her room And This guy grabbed me. Which guy? The guy that I didn't recognize. And Zane and my mom, she He was struggling and fighting her and kept pushing her down. Well that's A big change from the earlier story. Exactly. She was like, that's enough. Wasn enough. As they let her talk, her story shifted.


Grew to tale like beans stalks. Carrie, look at me. How did they open the door? They were, they picked the lock. You didn't let the in. You didn't give them A. Key No. In fact, the more she talked, the more sure they were that Kerry Murphy was guilty of something. If she didn't kill her mother. It seemed like she must have helped somehow. You can't even come up with A lie that quick. No A. Different detective took the chair and played bad cop. Listen To me. You need to stop your lies. Stop your lies. You Were There When. Your mom was screaming for her life as she was stabbed multiple times.


I saw What What y'all or You did to your mother. I didn't do that. Don't tell me That. And then the detectives asked A question. That opened the door just to crack. How do you think your mom is reacting right now to You? Mad. Mad. Why would she be mad at You? Because I didn't help as much as I couldn have. Because You didn't want to. Part of me didn't. You didn't want to. Part of me did. Part of me didn't. Were you generally mad at your mom about something? Yes. What. Were you mad about your mom? The fact that she tried to control my life. Okay. And everything I did.


She calls me stupid or dumb or told me I wasn't good enough. And then one more story came out. She was guilty of something of making A terrible mistake. I let them in 'cause they said they we won bang on the wall and scare her and then run out. They didn't tell me their full plan. She did let Zane and another guy in the house, but He was supposed to frighten her mother, not kill her. She had only asked him to go in There and and scare her I. See? And that He got carried away. He Got carried away.


You tell me, is That wasn the truth? Yes. That's What. I've been holding back That wasn. I killed my mom. I let him in. I didn't know He was gonna do That though. After something like nine hours of talking to Carrie, the detectives calls her father and brother and told them, come and Get her. Wow. Why'd you let her go home? At That stage With the juveniles, they are dealt differently. I was only gonna Get A statement from her that we were treating her as A. Witness When. Scott and his dad arrived at the sheriff's office.


Scott sense that something was up. There was A reason detectives had kept carried as long as they did. We picked her up and we got in the car and we all just kind of sat there and I looked in the rear view mirror and I said, Carrie, who killed my mom? And she looked at me with tears in her eyes and she said, I, think That wasn. Zane. That makes sense To You. It made sense. Carrie left out the part where she let Zane in the house. But even so, Zane seemed like A viable suspect to Scott. I had heard my sister talk about him. I had heard A couple of her friends talk about him and like A, It, That, wasn.


All in passing. He was creepy. He was strange, He was weird. And at one point I was told that He was stalking my sister. Okay, who told you that? My sister. Actually That night, US Marshals armed with an arrest warrant went looking for Zane. They found him and When they did. They came across A whole new mystery. Zane himself. Someone framing me. Framing you. Yes. A. Lot of the things He said didn't make sense. It wouldn't be long before investigators found themselves heading down A kind of rabbit hole.


The bunny phone. The bunny phone. The car was silent as Scott and Kerry and their dad drove away from the sheriff's office. They took Kerry to A friend's house. Soon after that, Heather pulled up and found Kerry outside. I got out and I ran to her and I hugged her and we just cried There in the middle of the street. Did she tell You What happened?


She told me that she had been taken down to the station and that the police had asked her questions. And she said that she felt as if the police were trying to make It. Seem like she did. It. What Was that like for you to hear? I was angered. I was upset. I thought. That's so unfair. Why would they, why would they do that to Carrie? Did she say anything about Zane at that point? She did tell me that That wasn Zane, They were able to Get A warrant for his arrest just based on What. Carrie provided A violent offender's. Task force led by US Marshals found 20-year-old Zane Ahmed at home, put him in cuffs and brought him to the sheriff's office.


Now you know who Carrie is? Yes sir. What I mean. What's y'all's relationship? I thought we was friends. You know, and I'm just gonna be curious. What, What, did I do I have not don nothing to her? When's the last time you seen her? Seen her since like What. Like I ran into her the mall like way back. She said you came by her house last night. I was at home all night last night. I didn't go anywhere. I was at home. I had never been to Carrie's house. I'm telling you the truth, sir. I haven't been to her house. He denied everything, said He didn't know where she lived.


So He certainly wasn't stalking her. Although He did admit He had A Shortterm memory problem, right? So is It possible with your short term memory thing that you had gone to Carrie's house at some point in time and just don't remember No? That's not even possible Because I don't know where Carrie lives in the first place. The detectives got to the point. Do you know Carrie's mom No? Do You know What happened to her? No? You don't know That she got killed. No, sir. Well, do you know about that? Nothing. He said He didn't know What What.


We were talking about that He He was at home playing A video game. Guitar Hero. He said He was playing with his nieces and nephews. Someone's framing me. Framing you. Yes. So care is just making this all up. Yes. And you dunno why No? After hours of denials, detectives had A thought He was asked if He would submit to A Polygraph. He agreed to That Odd. How some investigations can just turn on A dime. This one certainly did.


He was told That That He had don poorly on the exam. So He was eventually taken back to the interview room. He had the right to remain silent. couldn, they Have seen this coming, who knows. But right then Zane confessed to the murder of Maryanne Murphy. He basically just said that. Yes, He did. It He went in there. And then He stabbed. He stabbed Ms. Murphy. His story began just like the one Carrie told. She contacted me and said, Hey, can you do me A favor? I'm like, yeah, what's up? She's like, can you scare my mom? I'm like, yeah, sure. Did she say she wa why?


She wanted her mom scared. No, sir. And so I got ready. I had I, had I wore black. Every all black I had A hoodie over my face. And No one couldn see me. I had A. I had A weapon on me. But I wasn't gonna use It. I was just gonna scare her mom. His friends drove him to Carrie's house before 9:00 PM He said I knocked out her window. Okay, and did she come outside? She saw me front the window and then she opened the door. He said He went to Marianne's bedroom. She jumped out of bed and I, she really yelled, like screamed, jumped down.


I. I just got frightened. My heart was beating real fast and I accidentally stabbed her I. Don't remember how many times I stabbed her. What about where? At I know one in the stomach, but the rest is like one on the stomach can take one in the arm and one in the back. So What did they charge him with, They charged him with murder. Now they had to decide What to do with the girl, the teenager who was angry with her mother. 24 hours later they were calling back. They said, we need y'all to bring her in. So very angry.


Do you ever watch TV and think, wow, I'm really good at this. You are right with Rewards on Sling. Watching 30 minutes of TV daily gives you chances to win up to $10,000 in cash and other monthly prizes. Sign up for Sling or Stream for free with sling free stream to Get rewarded for watching TV Sling. Lets You do that. Visit sling.com to learn more. And Get started. No purchase necessary for where? Prohibited by law. Visit sling.com for more details.


Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. The shop pay feature even boosts conversions up to 50%. So if you're into growing your business, your commerce platform better be ready to sell. Wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling, upgrade your business and Get the same. Checkout top brands like Allbirds. Use Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash podcast free all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash podcast. Free to upgrade your selling today.


Now trending fall and DSWs Here with all the obsession worthy shoe trends you need in your closet. Feeling fierce DSWs got bold snake print boots and A retros sneaker with animal print details going for demure. Kitten heels are the eye catching yet walkable heel all over your feed. And all over DSW From edgy moto boots to sweetly simple ballet flats. Find the must own shoe trends of the season right now at your DSW store or dsw.com.


Teenagers, not so unusual for A 16-year-old to act out against A parent. But this teenager seemed to have turned on her mother in the worst possible way. What happened. Exactly Terry told detectives so many tall tales, That wasn hard to keep them straight. First she said A. Stranger did It. Then she said Zane did It because He was obsessed with her. And then She said She asked Zane to come to the house to scare her mother. But for reasons even Zane couldn't explain, He went on A killing Frenzy. So they weren't but don with Carrie. Not yet. Who was this girl? I've known Carrie as long as I've been aware.


What. Was she like this in your recollection? As A little kid? She Had A strong personality. She was possessive even at A very young age. But she was my friends. And I loved her. Like A sister I met Carrie in sixth grade. I was new to the school and I met her in choir. By the time they got to Hi school, Carrie was struggling to fit in. Our school demographic was majority black and Hispanic. And because she was so tall and rosy red cheeks, she stood out naturally. So did she feel like comfortable in her skin? Once Carrie started really growing and getting taller and just changing in general, she definitely started to Get A.


Little more self-conscious about her appearance. She started wearing A, little more makeup, dressing differently. Just trying things out to see What stuck. Trying to fit in probably as much as anything. Right? Was she accepted? For the most part, yes. At home and for A long time, Carrie and her mom seemed to be close. She was A mama's girl. If my mom went to the store, my sister was going with her. But in the teenage years, things changed. She started doing What. She wanted When. She wanted, Once It became to the point where my sister was acting out and you know, sneaking out of the house, that's When. It became A hard stop. And she pulled the classic, you live in my house, you live by my rules.


Now Marianne was dead and investigators asked Kerry to come back down to the station for another round of questions. But Carrie, well, she had other ideas And she says she wanted to retract everything that she said. That, everything. That, she said was, was alive. That she had nothing to do with It. Never asked Zane to scare her mother. Never let him into the house. All Zane, every single bit of It. Yes. And that's When. She lawyered up When. She asked for A lawyer. They officially charged her with the murder of her mother. How do you Get your head around this thing like That, You don't You?


Watch this little girl grow up. She had A purple room with pink and green pin stripes. Her and my mom were supposed to go clothes shopping the next day for You know school. Scott wanted to believe his sister. We realized she's telling multiple stories, but I was trying to find the truth in the multiple stories. Who would Make A decision? Anna Emmonds was also searching for the truth. She was the chief prosecutor assigned to juvenile cases. And in this case, she had A confession from the apparent killer. That changing story from Carrie and some serious doubts I saw there was A confession from an adult male.


And I was worried about It. What was wrong with It A. Lot of the things He said didn't make sense. Like for example, how He got into the house Front door to bag him front. Okay, and so you came in the front. Yes, sir. But Carrie said the killers came in through the back door and the location of the murder. Zane got that wrong too. We went upstairs, we went to go see where her mom is. She said She was sleeping. He said He went up. A flight of stairs and That. This is A one story house. If you had just simply been inside the house at the time of the murder, You would know And you would know What.


You did to your victim. I stabbed her four times. She was stabbed over 70 times. Quite A difference. Yeah, Quite A difference. As she reviewed the seven hour interrogation, she couldn hear Zane zigging and zagging I mean Wanna start over everything right now? Okay. After confessing to the murder, He suggested He wasn't there at all. This is What really happened. And this is coming from my heart and everything. Sunday morning, I was at home until three in o'clock in the morning. Okay, you, you're losing me What time.


Did You go over Carrie's house? mean I didn't go to Carrie's house. My brother, my dad, Everybody in my family can tell you, I was at home all day that Sunday I didn't go anywhere. And this is the truth. I'm just scared right now. I I mean really scared. I'm trying to do my best. Here. You can't say I didn't do It and and I did do It. I just want to go home. But No one was letting him go home, especially When Minutes later. He was back to saying He did kill Carey's mom. Do you really remember how many times and where you stabbed her?


You just don't want to tell me. I don't remember how many times I stabbed her. I had great concerns with It being an actual confession. The prosecutor had another important question. And It had to do with motive. Zane didn't really have one, but as investigators started poking around in their victim's life. Well, What, do you know A Secret emerged? Something about an affair? Had she ever told you if her husband knew about her seeing You?


What A mess. One kid, this guy Zane, actually confessed to killing Maryanne Murphy. But He couldn't Get his facts. Right? The other, the daughter Kerry cast about like A kid fishing for A. Good story. And neither one made any sense. What A puzzle. That one was, Yes. That wasn. And you know, we have to just keep working at It. Detective Sidney Miller joined the widening investigation. I actually joined in and searching for witnesses and You know talk to people so we can figure out. What happened. Here With Carrie and Zane locked up.


Investigators took A closer. Look at the victim's life at Maryanne's. Phone contacts, for example. And What. A, surprise. She was having an affair with A. A. A. A coworker. An affair was That. Something You felt you needed to look into. Of course, They found the boyfriend at work. Has she ever been to your house? Yes, She's come up Here and seen me. But I mean I work Here. So, Okay, Sometimes on Saturday, she'd drop by from, bring me A soda I fine. Go outside and smoke A cigarette. And then she'd go do A ring. Whatever she had to do.


They also spent time together on the phone. Was y'all's texts being sexual in nature? Weren't like You mean more like wouldn't You know? Other was. Majority of our texts were sexual in nature. And now quite unexpectedly, There was A potential love triangle in the middle of their murder investigation. Had she ever told You if her husband knew about her seeing you No? As far as the boyfriend knew husband. Dawn didn't have A clue about Maryanne's Secret life. She was spending A lot of time away from the house. 'cause she didn't wanna be home. And He was there because she didn't wanna see him drunk. They checked out the boyfriend's alibi, That wasn.


Solid. The husband's too. Detectives crossed both men off their list. Apparently this marital drama had nothing to do with Maryanne's murder. I couldn't be mad. My dad was not giving her the attention and the affection that she deserves sometimes. And so It made sense to look elsewhere. By then. The new investigators were looking for more witnesses. One was A girl. They heard about from Carrie's father. Talk to Rebecca He said Kerry's very good friends. When. Carrie started to become friends with Rebecca I.


Remember I got warning from someone and they were like, oh, your friends talking to Rebecca? And I'm like, yeah, like they're friends. And they were like, oh, okay. Well be careful. Why? Careful. Well, for starters, Rebecca Keller was four years older than Kerry. They got to know each other in choir. Kerry was A 15-year-old freshman. Rebecca was A, 19-year-old senior. And well, No, other way to put It, they fell in love, caught fire. Really, Rebecca was her first. love. The intensity of that first love at That age is well intense.


I mean. You hit the nail on the head. There, Carrie and Rebecca were so enmeshed and so desperate, if you will, for like love and When. They found that within each other they clung to It. They wanted to protect It, But Maryanne did not approve I. Don't think Marianne cared that like they were like lesbians or whatnot. Like I think the age gap was the problem. She did not trust someone who was 18, 19 years old and actively dating A. 15, 16-year-old. They argued A lot over Rebecca.


And Carrie was changing. She was A bubbly person. And then outta nowhere, It got dark, the eye makeup got darker, her personality got dark. Maryanne tried to stop It band. Rebecca from the house took away. Kerry's phone didn't work. They had been caught in the shower together. When, Rebecca was not even supposed to be in the house and That was A problem. Then there was the day When. Rebecca came over and refused to leave and Marianne calls the police. And the officer who responded was none other than Deputy Constable Fred Hooper.


The mother explained that she didn't want the girlfriend There and I took her to jail. What was the charge. Just trespassing. Just trespassing. Yes. So detectives knew about Rebecca from the start, but they didn't chase her down because they had that confession from Zane. I'm gonna be talking to Rebecca now about A week into the investigation. Rebecca got A visit from law enforcement. They found her at home, talked to her in their car. And then Rebecca You are friends with You, know Carrie Murphy? Yes. Okay. She was forthcoming. Y'all Been friends since school? Yes. She talked about how they were in A dating relationship.


You kind of skipped over into A relationship. Yeah. And how she had gotten in trouble and that she was not supposed to be around her anymore. She admitted That. Yes, she had dated Carrie. But all That talk about desperate love. Nah, just another teen fling in the rear view mirror Didn't work out. It Didn't work out. I mean We just stay friends. Couldn just be still be friends. That's usually how It happens. Okay, She said She barely even spoke to Kerry anymore and hadn't since A month before the murder. Murder. So you hadn't talked to her since June. Since that Though, Rebecca did remember seeing the awful news about the murder.


I was in shock mode. You know I mean. You should talk to That lady every, every concert that we had at school. But with her trying to stop you from going over there, I mean was she just, She was trying to protect me, keep me outta trouble, and to keep Carrie outta trouble. So you don't have any idea why this happened? No sir. I don't. And you're telling me the truth in in What, you're telling Me Yes. Do I look like A bad kid? No. I'm A. Good kid. Good kid. Too bad. Maryanne had taken Kerry's phone away weeks before the murder. It might have backed up Rebecca's story or knocked It down too late for That now and then.


Well, well guess What turned off. Carrie had A second phone. A Burner phone, A Burner phone. Now why would Carrie need A burner phone?


Do You ever watch TV and think, wow, I'm really good at this? You are right with rewards on Sling. Watching 30 minutes of TV daily gives you chances to win up to $10,000 in cash and other monthly prizes. Sign up for Sling or Stream for free with sling free stream to Get rewarded for watching TV Sling. Lets You do that. Visit sling.com to learn more and Get started. No purchase necessary for It, we prohibited by law. Visit sling.com for more details


Now. Trending fall and DSWs Here with all the obsession worthy shoe trends you need in your closet. Feeling fierce DSWs got bold snake print boots and A retro sneaker with animal print details going for demure kitten heels are the eye-catching yet walkable heel all over your feed an all over DSW from edgy moto boots to sweetly simple ballet flats. Find the must own shoe trends of the season right now at your DSW store or dsw.com


Ready Actors A new horror movie for the promising young star action. She was so good at playing A killer, but where did the performance end and reality begin? Cut A story with surprises. Even Hollywood couldn't have imagined. I'm Keith Morrison. Think you've heard every Dateline story. Think again. Listen to Killer Roll and A dozen other riveting series, When You. Follow the Dateline Originals podcast.


If you had to pick one key to unlock the whole miserable business, well then Maybe That wasn the phone, the bunny phone. Remember When, her mother was murdered. Carrie ran to A neighbor's house to Call 9 1 1. They saw her with A phone in her hand and they asked her why, you know, why, how you're not using your phone. You have A phone. And she told one of them That That wasn A phone that that her mom didn't know about. A Burner phone, A Burner phone. The kids calls It the bunny phone because Bunny was everyone's nickname for the person who provided It.


Rebecca Keller detectives started tracking It down A few weeks into the investigation. And you know, they were like, you know, where is It and I? I have It. Can we have It Absolutely? You can have It. And yeah, I just handed It over. And the records for that bunny phone were A revelation. For one thing, the Carrie Rebecca love affair wasn't over That wasn as intense as ever. The bunny phone revealed. They talked constantly. So now Rebecca Bunny had some explaining to do, You're not in custody, you haven't been charged with anything.


Okay, I just want to Get A statement from You. And this time they brought her in. Well, The reason why I got that phone is 'cause her mom Were groups and just like her girlfriend had don over and over, once she was caught in A lie, Rebecca started changing her story. In the second interview, we confronted her about having this communication and she openly admitted. Yeah, I lied about It. She admitted that she and Carrie still talked A lot and there was one Call of particular interest to the investigators. A, nearly three minute Call around 1:00 AM the night of the murder.


She's like, something bad has happened and I really need you right now. I was like, okay, What happened. Tell me What happened. She's like, my mom has been killed. I was like, by who? She's like, I don't know. I mean really scared. Okay. I was like, okay, well you need to Call the cops. She's like, okay, okay, okay. But that was It. All she knew Rebecca said she had No idea. What happened at Carrie's house that night because she was working at Joe's Crab Shack. So naturally We go to the crab shack, we talk to the manager. He tells us that No Rebecca doesn't work there.


She'd been fired two months earlier. Did she not think they would check the lie? Landed Rebecca back at the sheriff's office for rounds three. Although we've gone over this story, there's been some, some A A, majority of It that that you've told lies about It pushing Towards With her alibi up in smoke. Rebecca told yet another new story. It all started, she said, because Carrie hated, hated, really hated her mother. She started saying, I hate my mom. I wish my mom was dead. And I kept telling her, why? Why? It's your mom.


Gary complained about her mother for weeks, said Rebecca, until She started telling me, yeah, I mean not planning. I've been planning this plan for for three months. And I was like, What plan. She's like, I'm not gonna Get you involved. I'm not gonna Get you involved. Her plan was to wait until her mom fell asleep. She was gonna go in there with some night. And she told me, she's like, yeah, I wanna stab my mom 28 times. I was like, No, I, don't want to hear this. I'm hanging up. And I hung up on her. And then came the evening of the murder. Carrie texted Rebecca on the bunny phone, That wasn happening.


She started saying, you know, That wasn how my brother that this guy, there's this, there's this random car going by Again. Rebecca said she begged Carrie to keep her out of It. I wanna go to college? I want to know Get A good paying job. I was like, I'm not talking to you about this anymore. I'm don with It Around 1:00 AM Rebecca said, Carrie Call one more time. And she's like, I just did It. I was like, did What? She's like, I just killed my Mom. mean this was A turning point in the case. She started telling me like how she did It. She's like, I stabbed my mom 17 times. I slit her throat According to Rebecca, this is all carried.


I told her. I was like, you need to like Call the cops and tell them that You did do It. And she's like, No, No No. I mean want to cover It up I mean wanna cover up? She's pointed. A finger and pin It, all on Carrie Kind of A big deal. Ratting out her girlfriend Carrie like that. So the detectives asked just to be sure, would Rebecca sit for A polygraph? And she said Yes. And she passed. I mean she passed with flying colors. She showed No deception. The truth finally may be, but then A young man named Martin Juarez, A kid with A car and A nagging memory offered A.


Fascinating story of his own. How about A? Certain event? That very night in humble Texas. He said that When, she got to the car, she had been running and she's just telling him to go, go, go, go, go. Run Bunny run there. He was waiting in his car in the dark, waiting and waiting on the night of the murder. Martin Juarez later told detectives He thought He was doing.


His friends, Rebecca A simple favor dropping her off near Kerry's place. And Rebecca told him, Hey, I'll just be Here about 20 minutes and then I'll be right back. He said an hour had passed and He hadn't heard from her. And When, she finally did return. She looked exhausted. When she was running. I, couldn't really tell if she had anything on her. And He said that When, she got to the car, she looked like she was outta breath and she just telling him to go, go, go, go, go. Of all the young friends, detectives tracked down after the murder. Martin Juarez was Maybe the most informative. Yes, He took Rebecca to Carry's neighborhood that night. But There was more A.


Few weeks after the murder, He found Rebecca Here in this park and He confronted her about that night. And That wasn, right? Here He told detectives that Rebecca broke down and confessed to the murder. She came up and told me the truth that she had did It, that she had two blades, That. She went into her mom's room and she had took one knife and stabbed her. Rebecca was there and she was the killer. He had A right to remain silent. Now she was under arrest and backed into A Corner. Yes, She said She was there that night. She loved Carrie so much, she allowed herself to be drawn into Carrie's plan to kill Maryanne and cover up the crime.


But love only takes you so far. Rebecca insisted. That wasn Carrie who did the stabbing I heard her mom saying, stop. Stop. And then she was screaming. She's like, okay, you can stop stabbing me now and then nothing. And then five minutes later, Carrie comes out with A bloody knife and bloody gloves and I got the trash bag ready and I told her to strip down and she stripped and she put all of her clothes in There. That bit made sense to the detectives. They had been wondering how the killer contained the blood so effectively.


Rebecca also explained the note that lame effort to point the finger at the guy in the car accident. I was supposed to write the note with my different handwriting than hers Anyway, said Rebecca When, they cleaned themselves up. She asked me to Get rid of the bag. So I took It to the school and dropped It in the garbage can. The doctors That would explain the dried blood on Maryanne's body, Rebecca left. But Carrie stayed behind and continued to clean up for hours before she calls 9 1 1. And Zane, His name is Zane.


What's his name? Zane. Well that was Carrie's backup lie improvising right on the spot. When, she realized the story about the accident wasn't landing the way she'd hoped It would. Did Carrie ever tell you that she was going to try to blame this on Z No? I didn't have any knowledge about that. Yep, she said all of That wasn carrie's doing and she, Rebecca was simply the supportive girlfriend. But That wasn't going to keep her out of jail In the state of Texas. You know if You aid assist someone in A crime like That, then you would be charged with the same murder.


So Rebecca was charged with murder locked up at the Harris County jail. Zane's family said all along He was No killer. They gave the prosecutor video of Zane playing Guitar Hero with his family the night Maryanne was murdered. So What did you do about Zane in the end? Well, after we looked into It and got the evidence we were comfortable with moving forward with dismissing his case, We asked Zane why He confessed that night. He told us He was terrified. He didn't know What else to do. He also said He didn't stalk Carrie.


He wasn't obsessed with her. He didn't even like her. Not in that way. This was A brutal cold-blooded killing Prosecutor. Anna Emmonds had seen enough, she knew this case belonged in adult court. And if someone's gonna go to That length to harm their mother and be part of that, that's A danger to the community. There go. They become an adult. Yes. And she was certified to go to the adult system. The judge in the case agreed to set bail for Carrie Scott cobbled together the money and picked her up. He also made room for her in his home.


She was after all his little sister. And in A way, the only family He had left. By the time she was certified as an adult, my dad had experienced some extreme mental decline. Oh boy. And at this point, I was, I was on my own. My mom died in July of 2012. And by December of 2012 my dad was talking to Christmas trees. He was, you know, having conversations with shadows and his, his short term memory was just declining and I was 21. I didn't I, didn't know What to do.


Of course He asked Kerry, What happened. And she repeated the old story about Zane and Scott knew that wasn't true. It had to be Rebecca. They arrested Rebecca for A reason. So That wasn Rebecca, not your sister, but Rebecca the girlfriend, right? It had to be her It couldn't be my sister, she's my sister. She, she wouldn't kill her mom. And if He had any nagging doubts about that, Scott packed them away. All He couldn do now was take care of his little sister and keep her safe and prepare for the trial. If I went Christmas shopping, she went with me.


If I had little money to burn That wasn probably going to her All the while Carrie's friends, watched her behavior with something like disgust. She seemed to be enjoying herself. Maybe too much. It seemed as if she was fine and like nothing had like never happened like that She didn't lose her mom or that she wasn't just in jail. She was moving on with her life. Nobody seemed worried. Nobody was crying in That sense. At least not that I saw That. wasn just shenanigans. Lots of shenanigans. Oh, but something else was going on too.


Secret, but not secret. Scott paid Carrie's bail, but No one paid Rebecca's so well. Carey was partying on the outside. Rebecca was confined to A. Harsh gray world behind bars separated for good. Why No? Not at all. This is A Call from an inmate at Harris County Jail. When I Get out. We'll talk about everything about the case about What. Ha really happened at night. Everything you wanna talk about So much to talk about, so much to plan The Question at the heart of That wasn.


Of course. Why? Why would Carrie turn on her mother in such A, horrific way to be with her girlfriend? Yes, but It had to be more than That. And sure enough, Did You believe That When Carrie got her phone taken away from her, that her mom was gonna find something on That phone and tried to file on on You? Yes, There That wasn the twisted rationale. That triggered the murder. I mean There would've been proof of, you know, sending nudes to A Minor. At That point, she would've had proof of statutory rape.


Maryanne couldn have had Rebecca charged with A serious crime sex with A Minor. So according to Rebecca, Carrie did It committed matricide for her. Together they created this dramatic world, this backstory, the Susic against the world. Greg Holton was the prosecutor. The first impression you Get as A prosecutor is you see their mugshot. There is Carrie steely-eyed, almost smirking. But Rebecca well older, looked, lost red-eyed, scared.


Even though she was 20 years old. She looks about 15. And It takes A minute to figure out the dynamic between the two of them. Did You say you saw her as A follower saw Rebecca as A follower. I. Think that's right. I Think in many ways Carrie calls the shots in their dynamic, But easy case, Maybe not there were issues like What, Like the false confession. That's A big one. It's kind of incomprehensible. And juries have trouble believing that Exactly A, good defense attorney would run with that. And legally It didn't matter.


But wouldn't jurors want to know which girl wielded the knife? Weren't they actually pointing fingers at each other along the way? A Lot. They would pledge their allegiance to each other and then talk to the police and say, listen, I didn't do It, but I know who did. So who finally told the real story why they did on the phone, they couldn't help themselves. There was A No contact order issued and the first thing they did is break that No contact order and they spoke on the phone for almost 14 months.


They were playing out A lifetime movie Baby That wasn Babe s love You. How love You too. No. You didn't feel like You mean It. s love you too. There was Carrie tucked away in her warm cozy life on the outside. And Rebecca, you May start the conversation Now, making the best of her hard grave reality behind bars. God I swear s love You. s love You too good. That. wasn. Pen. My penguin You. No. My penguin. No. You, my Penguin. They talked about their longing for the past as they planned for the future.


I started picturing like the day I move out and like moving with You. And I mean. Already picturing that, huh? Babe? Carrie had lots of stories about life on the outside. We're Talking about homecoming. Oh, well What, can't I be included in the conversation Sometimes Rebecca sounded needy. Carrie annoyed. Seriously? What. What. Seriously What babe. I'm just trying to Call You all damn days. What. Did we talk about earlier? Don't blow my phone up and I'm sorry that I'm so busy. That I can't talk to you all the time. Law enforcement was listening. Yeah. So there was No urgency.


Yeah, sure. To stop them from talking. If they wanted to incriminate themselves. Sometimes they seemed disconnected from What, they had don. You have No idea. What. It's like not having your mom and having nobody but your brother to depend on. It's not your fault. Stop blaming yourself for It. Things happen for A reason, babe. You can't change the way That God does his way. They created this bubble around the two of them. That wasn, void of reality. That wasn, void of empathy, and ultimately That wasn void of morality.


Between April, 2013 and April, 2014, they talked more than 800 times. And all that time law enforcement was listening. For anything that couldn erase, that pesky thing calls reasonable doubt. For months they seem to play the game. Avoided incriminating themselves. I just don't know how I'm gonna react. When, we go in the house. s love you, but you're gonna need to stop talking. Why? Because this isn't Exactly. You know, I know. And then It happened.


They were talking again about going back to the scene of the crime. Rebecca and Carrie are talking about When. They Get out and they're going back to the house. And there's this question of It will be, it'll be hard for Rebecca to go back there and to cope with It. And Carrie tells her in some form or fashion, Get over It, we gotta deal with It. And Rebecca says, you Didn't see What. I saw night. Actually I did in person. Actually. I did What do. You mean? You did. I wasn't in my room the whole time. What do You mean I wasn't in my room the whole time.


Then where were You entire time. The doorway. The doorway of What mom's room. No, you weren't 'cause you weren't bed. I didn't You. Yeah, we won't talk about that. Oh. my God. Babe, don't I thought I told you to stay in your room. I thought, but I'm hardheaded. This sounded like the real story. At last, Rebecca held the knife. Carrie stood by in silent approval, That wasn A significant jail Call to put the knife in one of their hands.


Greg Holton played the tapes for Scott and Scott abandoned all hope that his sister might not be the monster. He feared I couldn See everything for What, That, wasn. And at this point, I'm ready to accept that this was my sister Scott urged Kerry to take A plea And I mean. She fought me on It. She fought me. So I, just I gave her the facts and in the end, she took the deal. Rebecca pleaded too and When, she did. She still said That wasn Carrie, who wielded the knife.


Not that It mattered. She got 60 years. She also told Dateline she was manipulated by drugs and by Carrie. Carrie is serving 30 years. How often do You talk to her now? Often do you see her I? Only see my sister, When. I feel It. Necessary. When. There's been A, an important moment in the family. Their father remains in A residential care facility. His brain's broken. He thinks my mom's still alive. What about You. Scott, how was your life?


I won't lie to you. For A very long time, I didn't think I was gonna bounce back. I got pretty low. But now, now I am lucky enough to have A wonderful life. I'm married to A beautiful woman. I have two amazing kids. My family is my world. I. Don't take It for granted. I know how quickly It can be taken away. Hang onto to that for sure. If No one minds There is one thing That I wanna bring up? Yeah. Since my mom was killed, there's been A. Lot of focus on What happened. That Night and It. I mean it's terrible. It's tragic. Sure, but that's not the whole story.


21 years before that, There was nothing but A. Lifetime of good memories. You know Pancake Breakfast on Sunday building Playhouse with dad. There was A Happy life in That house. Yeah, she was A mom, she was A wife, she was A daughter and she was loved her entire life. That's What defines my mom, not the night that she was killed. And that's all for this edition of Dateline. Check out our Talking Dateline podcast. Keith Morrison and Josh Menowitz will go behind the scenes of tonight's episode.


Available Wednesday in the Dateline Feed, wherever you Get your podcasts. We'll see you again next Friday at nine eight Central. I'm Lester Holt for all of us at NBC News. Goodnight.


Do You ever watch TV and think, wow, I'm really good at this. You are right with rewards on Sling. Watching 30 minutes of TV daily gives you chances to win up to $10,000 in cash and other monthly prizes. Sign up for Sling or Stream for free with sling free stream to Get rewarded for watching tv. Sling lets you do that. Visit sling.com to learn more and Get started. No purchase necessary For It, we prohibited by law. Visit sling.com for more details.