
As a parent, you want what's best for your teen. You want them to grow and thrive in this world, but you also wanna make sure they're staying safe. That's why Instagram is introducing teen accounts with automatic protections for who can contact teens and the content. They can see Instagram teen accounts built in limits for teens and peace of mind for parents. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts.


Get charged up for the all electric accuracy DX experience, impressive range. Your choice of complimentary charging packages, a bang, an Olson premium sound system, and a three month serious XM trial subscription granting you access to ad free music plus sports news, podcasts and more. Visit your local Acura dealer for the most electrifying offers of the season and lease the ZDX for $0 first month's payment and $1 due. Its signing. Make your Future Electric Acura Precision crafted performance.


How The Grinch Stole Christmas by Dr. Seuss. Every who down in Whoville liked Christmas a lot, but the Grinch who lived just north of Whoville did not The gr hated Christmas the whole Christmas season. Please don't ask why no one quite knows the reason. It could be his head wasn't screwed on just right. It could be perhaps his shoes were too tight. But I think that the most likely reason of all may have been that his heart was two sizes too small. But whatever the reason, his heart or his shoes, he stood there on Christmas Eve hating the who's staring down from his cave with a sour grinchy frown that the warm lighted windows below in the town for he knew every hoo down in Whoville.


Beneath was busy now hanging a missile to wreath and they're hanging their stockings. He snarled with a sneer. Tomorrow is Christmas. It's practically here. Then he growled with his Grinch figures nervously drumming. I must find some way to stop Christmas from coming. Or tomorrow he noon. All the who. Girls and boys would wake bright and early, they'd rush for their toys and then hoho the noise. Oh, the noise, noise, noise, noise. That's one thing he hated. The noise, noise, noise, noise.


Then the whos young and old would sit down to a feast and they'd feast and they'd feast and they'd feast, feast, feast, feast. They would feast on who? Pudding and rare who roast Beast, which was something the Grinch couldn't stand in the least. And then they'd do something. He liked leached of all every who down in Whoville, the tall and the small would stand close together with Christmas bells ringing. They'd stand hand in hand. And the who's would start singing. They'd sing and they'd sing. Oh, and they'd sing, sing, sing, sing. And the more the Grinch thought of the who Christmas sing, the more the Grinch thought, I must stop this whole thing.


Why? For 53 years I've put up with it. Now I must stop Christmas from coming. But how that he got an idea, an awful idea. The Grinch got a wonderful, awful idea. I know just what to do. The Grinch laughed in his throat and he made a quick Santa Claus hat and a coat, and he chuckled and clucked, what a great grinchy trick with this coat and this hat. I'll look just like Saint Nick. All I need is a reindeer. The Grinch looked around, but since reindeer are scarce, there were none to be found.


Did that stop the old Grinch? No, the Grinch simply said, if I can't find a reindeer, I'll make one instead. So he called his dog Max. Then he took some red thread and he tied a big horn on the top of his head. Then he loaded some bags and some old empty sacks on a ramshackle sleigh, and he hitched up Old Max. Then the Grinch said, get up. And the sleighs started down toward the homes where the, whos lay a snooze in their town. All their windows were dark, quiet, snow filled the air, and the who's were all dreaming sweet dreams without care.


When he came to the first little house on the square, this is stop number one, the old grinchy claws hissed, and he climbed to the roof empty bags in his fist. Then he slid down the chimney, A rather tight pinch. But if Santa could do it, then soak could the Grinch. He got stuck only once for a moment or two. Then he stuck his head out of the fireplace flew where the little who stockings all hung in a row. These stockings, he grinned, are the first things to go. Then he slithered and slunk with a smile most unpleasant around the whole room.


And he took every present, pop guns, bicycles, roller skates, drums, checkerboards, tricycles, popcorn, plums. And he stuffed them in bags. Then the Grinch, very nibbly stuffed all the bags one by one up the chimney. Then he slunk to the icebox. He took the who feast. He took the who pudding. He took the roast beast. He cleaned out the icebox as quick as a flash while the Grinch even took their last can of who hash. Then he stuffed all the food up the chimney with glee and now grin the Grinch.


I will stuff up the tree. And the Grinch grabbed the tree and he started to shove. Then he heard a small sound like the coup of a dog. He turned around fast and he saw a small coup. Little Cindy Lou, who, who was not more than two. The Grinch had been caught by this tiny who daughter who'd got outta bed for a cup of cold water. She stared at the Grinch and said, Santa Claus, why? Why are you taking our Christmas tree? Why? But you know, that old Grinch was so smart and so slick. He thought up a lie and he thought it up quick.


Why? My sweet little t the fake Santa Claus lied. There's a light on this tree that won't light on one side. So I'm taking it home to my workshop, my dear. I'll fix it up there, then I'll bring it back here. And his fib fooled the child. Then he patted her head and he got her a drink and he set her to bed. And when Cindy Lou, who went to bed with her cop, he went to the chimney and stuffed the tree up. Then the last thing he took was the log for their fire. Then he went up the chimney himself, the old liar on their walls.


He left nothing but hooks of some wire. And the one speck of food that he left in the house was a crumb that was even too small for a mouse. Then he did the same thing to the other who's houses leaving crumbs much too small for the other who's mouses. That wasn quarter passed on all the, who's still a bed? All the who's till a snooze. When he packed up his sled, packed it up with their presence, the ribbons, the wrappings, the rags, and the tinsel, the trimmings and the trappings. 3000 feet up, up the side of Mount Crumpet, he erode with his load to the tip top to dump it poo-pooed to the hoos.


He was ly humming. They're finding out now that no Christmas is coming. They're just waking up. I know just what they'll do. Their mouths will hang open a minute or two and then the who's down in Whoville will all cry. Boo. Who? That's a noise sc grin the Grinch that I simply must hear. So he paused and the Grinch put his hand to his ear and he did hear a sound rising over the snow. It started in low, then it started to grow. But the sound wasn't sad. Why?


This sound sounded merry, it couldn't be so. But That wasn Mary very, he stared down at Whoville. The Grinch popped his eyes. Then he shook. What he saw was a shocking surprise. Every who down at Whoville, the tall and the small was singing without any presents at all. He hadn't stopped Christmas from coming. It came somehow or other it came just the same. And the Grinch, with his Grinch feet ice cold in the snow, stood, puzzling and puzzling. How could it be? So it came without ribbons, it came without tags.


It came without packages, boxes or bags. And he puzzled three hours till his puzzler was sore. Then the Grinch thought of something he hadn't before. Maybe Christmas he thought doesn't come from a store. Maybe Christmas perhaps means a little bit more. And what happened then? Well, in Whoville they say that the Grinches small heart grew three sizes that day. And the minute his heart didn't feel quite so tight, he whizzed with his load through the bright morning light and he brought back the toys and the food for the feast.


And he, he himself, the Grinch carved the roast Beast. The end,


The first ever Kia K four seamlessly combines bowl style and advanced tech with striking star map, LED headlights and an available panoramic display. The Kia K four delivers design and function. The available surround view and blind spot view monitors can help provide added confidence. Plus SiriusXM comes standard, bringing you closer to what you love. The Kia K four balances, aesthetics and innovation. Learn more at kia.com/k four Surround view and blind spot view. Monitors may not detect all objects around or behind the vehicle.