
As a parent, you want what's best for your teen. You want them to grow and thrive in this world, But You also wanna make sure they're staying safe. That's why Instagram is introducing teen accounts with automatic protections for who can contact teens and the content. They can see Instagram teen accounts built in limits for teens and peace of mind for parents. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts.


We all have our own behind the wheel persona. Are you a Windows Down sing along to your favorite song seat, lean back kind of driver, or perhaps an AC blasting podcast on hugging the wheel kind of driver. However you move through life. Atlantic Union Bank is on board 'cause we agree things should be done your way, especially banking work with someone you trust who's there when you need them. For all the ways you bank. Call schedule a video appointment or make a pit stop at an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more. Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


Hi, good morning. How are you? Good. We're all excited about the tree Lighting. You are listening in to Dateline's morning meeting in 30 Rockefeller Center. What was The motive if he was already the ex? Great question. Our editorial team is catching up on breaking crime news around the country. Was This murder for hire? Did someone know that he had plans for something? They were about to start jury selection, and the attorney said, we've had it with him. So it's it's crazy. Welcome to Dateline True Crime Weekly. I'm Andrea Canning. It's December 5th, and here's what's on our docket. Six years after a man was accused of murdering his brother's entire family at their New Jersey mansion, a judge hears arguments about whether cutting edge DNA analysis can be used against him at trial.


What he decides has the potential to impact all New Jersey criminal cases going forward. In Dateline Roundup, we'll fill you in on an unexpected twist. In the case of a dentist accused of poisoning his wife and the Florida woman convicted of murder by suitcase, takes the stand at her sentencing. I didn't mean for this to happen to the entire planet, please forgive me. Plus, she was one of the most famous defendants in the world, an American student abroad, charged with a horrifying crime. 15 years ago this week, Amanda Knox was convicted of murdering her roommate Meredith Kercher. Dennis Murphy reflects on his time in Italy covering this sensational case.


Here I was before this house that was all over the headlines called The House of Horrors, and it turned out to be all of that. But first, we're heading out to San Francisco for the final days of the trial. That's become the talk of the city and beyond. In April of 2023, a nine one one dispatcher took a call at two 30 in the morning. There's a male screaming help saying someone stabbed me. Advised he's bleeding out. He is outside on the street. On that call, Bob Lee, a 43-year-old tech executive and father of two asked for help 47 times. He died on an operating table at San Francisco General Hospital. A few hours later, another tech entrepreneur, a man named Nima Momi, was arrested and charged with killing Bob.


And his trial, which we've been covering, began this October. On Monday, the prosecution played Bob's nine one one call to open their closing arguments. There aren't any cameras in the courtroom, but Dateline producer Brittany Tom has been reporting on the trial for the past couple of months, and she joins us now to let us know how both sides left things with the jury. Brittany, thanks for coming back on the podcast. Thanks, Andrea, The prosecutor, beginning his closing arguments with that nine one one call is, you know, pretty intense, Brittany. Yes, the room was silent as he simply just played that 9 1 1 call. Bob is pleading with the operator for help, and I think That wasn an effective way to start closing. His family was sitting in the front two rows, and even though some of them had heard this call before, they were visibly very emotional.


In contrast, the prosecutor pointed out that Nima never called 9 1 1 or talked to police about what happened. Even though in his testimony he claimed That wasn one of the most traumatic experiences of his life. Let's remind listeners briefly, what is the prosecution's theory of the case as they presented it in court? Right, so prosecutors say the evidence shows Nima was angry at Bob because he had introduced Nina's little sister, Zamo Meni, to a man who may have sexually assaulted her. They've argued that Nima took a knife from his sister's kitchen, drove Bob to a secluded area under the Bay Bridge, stabbed him three times, then threw the knife over the fence. Okay. The defense, of course, has a very different theory about what happened that night.


Nema and his sister had testified that Nema actually wasn't angry with Bob at all, and Nema even said on the stand that by the time he and Bob ended up in that secluded place in the car, they were friendly trying to figure out where they wanted to go. Afterwards, he testified, he then made a bad joke and Bob flipped on him, took out a knife from his pocket. Nima claimed that they tussled with the knife a little bit, and he pushed the knife away. Eventually the knife went on the ground and he threw it over a fence so Bob couldn't pick it up again. He then said, Bob walked away calmly on his phone, and he didn't look like he had any injuries at all. A major point of disagreement between the two sides is who brought the knife. The prosecution is saying Nima had it, and they seem to be saying that just taking the knife from his sister's apartment indicates that he had intent.


Yes, they said that for sure that Nima intentionally took the knife from his sister's apartment, then chose to drive Bob to a secluded area, a place he was very familiar with because he had a lot of friends that lived in the area. And on top of that, even though the defense said, oh, they were on great terms, they were friendly, the prosecutor actually argued, oh, this was actually kind of a ruse to be chummy and pretend, because he was actually very upset with Bob. That also shows intent. Nina's lawyer addressed the knife in his closings as well. How did he counter the prosecution's story that That wasn in Nina's possession? Nina's lawyer brought up how tiny the knife was a few times. He actually brought a cardboard cutout of the knife and showed the jury how small That wasn.


So the prosecution's theory is that Nima pulled it from a set of knives at his sister's apartment, the pairing knife was missing. So the defense makes this point of all the knives around. He picks the smallest most beat up knife to commit and murder. And you know, Nima has this big jacket on, he could have concealed a cleaver if you wanted to. So What did the defense say about how the knife got to the crime scene then? So Nima testified that he never brought a knife, didn't have any weapons on him, and then in the defense's closing argument, he played a new video that the jury has never seen before, video that the defense attorney claims the prosecution had buried in thousands of hours of surveillance footage and it turned over. So the video shows Bob and his friend Bo, outside of a social club.


This happened earlier in the night before Bob saw Nema. And in the video you can see Bob is using a small narrow object to scoop what the defense is alleging to be cocaine out of a baggie EM'S attorney say that small object is actually the pairing knife that was used in the attack. He's basically saying that Bob had that pairing knife the entire night and his client had no possession of it. Then after court Krista Lee Bob's former wife, told the media that that wasn't a knife at all. That wasn actually a collar stay. It's a piece of plastic that comes inside of a men's button-down shirt. It also can be metal. That's how Bob typically like to do cocaine, not with a knife.


Oh, interesting. Okay. This jury has a lot of evidence to go through and the judge has given them some pretty clear instructions on the charges. Yes. So the charges range from premeditated murder. So first degree, second degree to voluntary manslaughter, which the judge described as basically imperfect self-defense. And the least serious crime is involuntary manslaughter. And then of course there's also not guilty. They were sent to deliberate Wednesday. I guess it's anyone's guess how long it'll take to reach a verdict. Yeah, we really don't know. The defense made a point stating that we all know that Nina's team doesn't have to prove Nima killed Bob in self-defense.


It's the prosecution that has to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that Nima intentionally murdered. Bob Brittany, you live in the Bay Area. What are, what are people saying about this case? This trial? Yeah, I mean, from the very beginning when this case broke to, even to this trial, this has been in the headlines and the local papers. Everyone's kind of heard about it. I think a lot of eyes are watching, the people in the Bay Area are curious what the jury's gonna decide on. Well, We will wait and see. Thank you, Brittany. Thanks. Yeah, we'll be at the courthouse waiting for the verdict. Next up, when a wealthy businessman and his family were brutally murdered at their home six years ago, questions swirled about a possible hit for hire until police arrested the man's brother.


We've got the latest from the courtroom. As a parent, you want what's best for your teen. You want them to grow and thrive in this world, but you also wanna make sure they're staying safe. That's why Instagram is introducing teen accounts with automatic protections for who can contact teens and the content. They can see Instagram teen accounts built in limits for teens and peace of mind for parents. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts.


We all have our own behind the wheel persona. Are you a Windows down sing along to your favorite song seat, lean back kind of driver, or perhaps an AC blasting podcast on hugging the wheel kind of driver. However you move through life. Atlantic Union Bank is on board. 'cause we agree things should be done your way. Especially banking work with someone you trust who's there when you need them. For all the ways you bank, call schedule a video appointment or make a pit stop at an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more. Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank,


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, be hike. The bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com. For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem, Call one 800 Gambler.


For our next story. We're heading to a New Jersey courtroom where a judge is weighing whether a prosecutor can use cutting edge science in a disturbing, quadruple murder case. In November, 2018, just a few days before Thanksgiving, two fires broke out at the homes of two brothers, Paul and Keith Canero. Paul and his family got out alive, but his brother Keith was not so lucky. When first responders got to his house, they discovered that Keith had died, but not in the fire. He'd been shot repeatedly. His wife and two children were also dead. Tonight an outpouring of grief for a family, police say, was targeted and murdered in their own home, But by whom.


A week later, investigators came up with a stunning theory. Paul Canero had killed his brother and his family and then set fire not only to his brother's house, but to his own, to cover up the crime. He was charged with their murders and two counts of arson. Producer Brenda Breslauer, who has been covering the case for Dateline, is here to tell us what prosecutors believe is Paul's motive and why science is now taking center stage in the courtroom. Hey Brenda. Hi Andrea. So first of all, very interesting that this involves two brothers. What do we know about them? The Cannes and their relationship? Yeah, that's kind of the crux of the whole story here. They appeared to be close.


According to press reports, Keith was the best man at Paul's wedding. And when Keith built a tech company from scratch, he brought in his older brother Paul. Keith owned a mansion in Cols Neck, an affluent neighborhood in New Jersey, and he lived there with his wife, Jennifer, and two children, 11-year-old Jesse and Sophia, who was eight. Yeah, I've, I've been to Colt's neck. It's a absolutely beautiful area of New Jersey. What can you tell us about Paul? So Paul lived in nearby Ocean Township about 12 miles away. He had a more modest home, but he also drove a Porsche and a family friend told NBC news that the brothers treated each other with love and respect.


Take us to the day of the fires, what exactly happened? Okay, well, starting about 5:00 AM police got a call from someone at Paul Camaro's home. Our Alarm just went over, my whole house was called The Smoke. Is everyone outta the House? Yes. Then around 12 30, 2 different neighbors called 9 1 1 to say they could see smoke coming out of Keith's house. The 9 1 1 operator told one of them to walk over and check it out. Oh my God, there's blood here. It's, it's a corp. It's what somebody is dead here. That wasn Keith. And what makes this story so incredibly tragic is that it wasn't just Keith That wasn the rest of his family as well, right? Yeah.


His wife Jennifer and the two children, Jesse and Sophia were found dead inside the house. The children had been stabbed. And then about a week later, as you mentioned, Paul was arrested and charged with the four murders. Wow. So what exactly happened here between these two brothers? Do we have a motive? As the prosecution released that yet The prosecution has said the motive was financial. According to a police document, there had been arguments over money. And the day before the murder, Keith forwarded an email to a family member saying money had gone missing from the businesses.


Paul Canaro was also charged with theft. How has he responded to all of this? Have has he said anything? He has pleaded not guilty and he maintains his innocence. The murders happened back in 2018. Six years later the case is in court, but still not in trial. What is happening? I know it's been a long time. Part of it, COVID of course, and then some back and forth on these DNA issues. A pretrial hearing has now been going on for three weeks. It centers on the issue of whether the prosecution can present certain DNA evidence to the jury. At the upcoming trial, the labs used a cutting edge software called Star Mix, which the defense is arguing is not reliable.


I have never heard of Star Mix. It sounds like something right out of a sci-fi movie. How do, how does it work? It does sound like something out of a sci-fi movie. So Star Mix is a computer software program that takes a sample of DNA that may be from multiple people, a complex sample and uses mathematical modeling to separate them out. And it can get results from much smaller samples of DNA. So in this case, That Wasn used to analyze more than a dozen samples from bloodstain jeans and gloves, latex gloves that were found in Paul Ceros basement after the murders. One stain on the jeans revealed nothing when That wasn examined using the traditional DNA method according to a prosecution expert.


But when That wasn run through Star Mix, she was able to identify the source as Paul's nephew, Jesse, the 11-year-old Is the assumption by the prosecution that Paul thought that his jeans and the the glove would would burn in the fire. I mean, why would you leave your these items in your own basement? Right. Well that is something the prosecutor did allege that there were two reasons for the fires. One was to make it look like the whole family was being targeted and the second was, yeah. To burn the evidence. But Paul's defense team says that Star Mix can't be trusted. Right. I've been watching the testimony and the back and forth has been quite heated.


Paul is being represented by the State Public Defender's Office. Their forensic experts are questioning whether enough research has been done on this software to establish its error rates and its limitations. And the other thing that's interesting is they're arguing that the method is particularly problematic when it comes to analyzing the DNA of relatives. There's an increased risk of a false positive. This hearing doesn't just have implications for this case. It goes beyond that. That's true. It really is a test case for the state of New Jersey. It's being heard by one of the top judges in the county and what he decides has the potential to impact all New Jersey criminal cases going forward.


Very long preliminary hearing. When will Paul Can's jury trial begin? That's projected to begin at the end of March and last about six weeks. Okay. Thank you Brenda for your insight into this disturbing case. You're welcome. Up next. It's Dateline Roundup. The Florida woman convicted of leaving her boyfriend to die in a suitcase, learns her fate and prosecutors say the Colorado dentist accused of poisoning. His wife has a new target. Plus Dennis Murphy remembers the Amanda Knox case. As a parent, you want what's best for your teen.


You want them to grow and thrive in this world, but you also wanna make sure they're staying safe. That's why Instagram is introducing teen accounts with automatic protections for who can contact teens and the content. They can see Instagram teen accounts built in limits for teens and peace of mind for parents. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts. We all have our own behind the wheel persona. Are you a Windows down sing along to your favorite song seat, lean back kind of driver. Or perhaps an AC blasting podcast on hugging the wheel kind of driver. However you move through life. Atlantic Union Bank is on board.


'cause we agree things should be done your way. Especially banking work with someone you trust who's there when you need them. For all the ways you bank, call schedule a video appointment or make a pit stop at an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more. Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank, There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team shit, hike the bet.


MGM map is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com. For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements, gambling problem, Call one 800 gambler. Welcome back. Joining me for this week's roundup is Dateline producer Sue Simpson. Hey Sue, welcome back. Thanks, Andrea. Hi. Okay, first up, more stunning headlines in the case involving Colorado dentist James Craig.


We mentioned his trial was set to begin in our last episode, but there have been a couple of massive twists we didn't see coming. Before we get to that, just remind people what this alleged crime is and and who James Craig is. James Craig was charged with murdering his wife, Angela Craig by poisoning her protein shakes back in 2023. He pleaded not guilty and his trial was on the docket to begin this month. But on the day of jury selection, his legal team actually withdrew from the case. Do we know why? Well, Andrea, here's what we know. According to the 18th Judicial District attorney's office, his defense attorney said his client was persisting in a course of action that he reasonably believed is criminal or fraudulent.


That's a quote from the document. And two, that his client was insisting on action that quote, he considers repugnant or has a fundamental disagreement with. The attorney didn't say what that action was, which he found so repugnant, but something happened the next day, which could give us a clue. That's right. So the following day, prosecutors filed two new charges against Craig Solicitation to commit murder and solicitation to commit perjury. He allegedly tried to persuade an inmate to commit murder for him. Do we know who his alleged target is? The Aurora Police Department says the intended target was an Aurora police detective who investigated his wife's murder case.


Major twist there. So when do we expect this trial to begin? Great question. Court documents show the trial has been postponed indefinitely, so we shall see. All right. So next, we've got two sentencings out of Florida to talk about from two big cases we've covered on the podcast. The first one we're gonna talk about is Sarah Boone. She is the defendant in the so-called suitcase murder trial. Yeah. So Sarah Boone was accused of zipping her boyfriend George Torres into a blue suitcase and leaving him to suffocate. Sarah pleaded not guilty, and she testified on the stand that she acted in self-defense. She alleged she'd suffered previous abuse at the hands of her boyfriend.


The jury didn't buy that and convicted her after less than two hours of deliberation. The sentencing was earlier this week. We heard victim impact statements from George's children and his mom. You know my son, I love him and I miss Alah. My family Miss Alah too. And Sarah testified as well. Sarah Did, and she compared herself to a broken vase. Kintu Roy is a kind of Japanese ceramic style, which means to repair with gold. When a ceramic piece breaks, an artisan will fuse the pieces back together again using liquid gold or gold dust lacquer. And each piece becomes more beautiful because it has been broken.


Sounds kind of odd. It is odd. And Boone went on to say that all of the gold that held her together was forgiveness. She said She forgave Tora for beating her senseless and she rattled off a bunch of other allegations of abuse. I didn't mean for this to happen. Forgive me George. Forgive me. Torres family. Forgive me, judge Crannick to the entire planet. Please forgive me. Once Boone was finished, the prosecutor was not shy about what he thought of her testimony. It's all about Sarah Boone. Everything's about Sarah Boone, about how she is the victim. What was her sentence?


She was sentenced to life. Life in prison. All right. And the second big sentencing this week was Ashley Benefield. The former ballerina was convicted of the 2020 killing of her husband Doug Benefield. So Sue, what? What is the news there? So We weren't sure this sentencing was actually gonna happen until a few days ago. Remember, Benefield's team asked for a new trial based on alleged germ misconduct. But just before Thanksgiving, the judge rejected the motion and sentencing did take place on Tuesday. There were some victim impact statements from Doug's family. We heard from his daughter Eva, who's been very vocal throughout all of this. Ashley, since the day you shot my father, I have only had one question to ask you.


Why Did Ashley give a statement? She did not. Mm. Alright. What did she get? The Judge sentenced Ashley to 20 years in prison with credit for time served, followed by 10 years of probation. Okay. Lots of updates. Sue, thank you so much. Lots the news. Thank you, Andrea. 15 years ago this week, jurors filed back into an Italian courthouse to deliver their verdict in a murder trial that had captivated the world. The victim was a 21-year-old student from England by the name of Meredith Kercher. Mez. To her friends, she had been sexually assaulted and her throat slashed in the bungalow. She'd been renting on her study abroad trip, but That wasn one of her alleged killers who seemed to get all the attention in the months that followed.


Meredith's roommate, Amanda Knox prosecutor, said the American College student had murdered Meredith Amanda's supporter said she'd been railroaded by the Italian authorities. Just after midnight on December 5th, 2009, the judge read the verdict. Amanda Knox, guilty of the murder of her roommate, Meredith Kercher. Dennis Murphy covered the case from the very beginning and is here to tell us why this case got so much attention and what happened next. Hey, Dennis. Hey Andrea. How are you? Good. So Dennis, your first report came out in December of 2007. So let's take a listen. The awful crime here on Via San Antonio would quickly have been forgotten as yet.


Another head shaking. Statistic, sad, but not all that uncommon except for the author's chilling theory of the murder. You flew out to Perusia, Italy for this first report. In fact, in that clip we just played, you're standing outside the student housing cottage where Amanda Knox in her roommate Meredith Kercher lived. Do you remember what was going on when you filmed that? Oh, I, so well remember standing there looking at that little building. Andrea, here's Perusia. This medieval beauty of a town known for making chocolate and educating students. And yet here I was before this house that was all over the headlines called The House of Horrors. And it turned out to be all of that. So remind us what exactly was the prosecution's theory about what happened, what they say she did?


Well, our most interesting stop on that trip, we went to the office of the chief prosecutor and he sat us down and he took us through this very lurid operatic theory of the crime. He said there were three people involved here That wasn three on one That wasn a sex game going wrong. Amanda Knox, holding the victim with a knife under her chin, her boyfriend of just a few days, an Italian boyfriend and a third man who sexually assaulted the roommate. And it all took place in that little cottage, the House of Horrors. And you, you were getting some information from the Italian papers leaked by the prosecutor. Right. The Italian authorities leaked every bit of information I think they had at the time, especially to the British tabloids.


The media had a field day when it found Amanda's MySpace webpage. Her online nickname was Foxy Noxy, who was Foxy Noxy, this young woman seen in her high school photo playing soccer. And That wasn nothing more than that. That was an allusion to her ability to play soccer. But somehow this Appalachian that she was known as Foxy Noxy became this portrayal of a promiscuous young American woman. I mean, were you thinking, how in the world does this young woman girl get a fair trial if all of this is out there and the public, Exactly. The court of public opinion had decided, we've seen her in the paper every day. What is she doing giggling while she's buying lingerie with her boyfriend?


What is the story we hear about being in the police station doing cartwheels? It all added up to a guilty on that side of the Atlantic. Amanda changed her story at one point. She, she did. They bring her in and she doesn't have an attorney. And she's being interrogated by the homicide detectives in, in Italian. And she gives up, what they said at the time was something like a confession where she seemed to implicate herself by being in the house. She recalled the screams of Meredith. And the other thing that happened is that they said, who is the third man? And Amanda Knox, under interrogation, gave up the name of her boss, the owner of a small cafe where she part-time waitress in town.


And she said he was the guy, he's your third man. None of those things turned out to be true. Amanda's trial, no surprise, was a complete circus. Oh, cameras galore. I I wasn't in Italy at the time, but I was watching the coverage of course. And I remember feeling so sorry for her. She was so disturbed. Her face was just, just it. It revealed everything that was going on. Yeah. The verdict, she, That wasn very dramatic. She's found guilty, Sobbing. Sobbing at her table. And just like that, That wasn over 26 years for a man, 25 for her one time boyfriend. So much has happened since this guilty verdict. What happened next? Well, it goes to an appeals court.


And here it's very interesting because everything shifts to Amanda Knox's favor. They throw out all of the forensic evidence as junk science in competently collected and processed. And then there's a second trial. And once again, she was found guilty. And then the appellate court did something interesting. And they not only said there is not enough evidence to support a guilty verdict, they said she did not do it. You've got the wrong person here. So after nearly four years in prison, she was completely exonerated. And the boyfriend, The boyfriend was let go too. So I think I read that she's working on some type of documentary. She went back to Perusia. I think you could say that the events of her, her early twenties have really shaped the person she's today.


She's living back in Seattle as I understand it. She's married with children and has become a vocal advocate for those who were wrongfully accused, wrongfully convicted. And yes, she went back to Perusia to revisit it all. It's not a case that she, lets go. And unfortunately for Amanda, Andrea, it's not a case that a lot of members of the general public will let go either. Yeah. It's like, does anyone not know the name Amanda Knox at this point? And she doesn't deserve that. And no one really remembers the name of the victim that easily. Meredith Kercher. Yeah. You can't call that up as easily as you can. Call up Foxy Knoxy. Right. Dennis, what a fascinating story.


You covered really interesting looking back on this. Thank you for joining us and sharing your Memories. Thank you. It's been, it's been interesting to retrieve some of these memories again. Yeah. Thank you. That's it for this episode of Dateline True Crime Weekly. Coming up this Friday on Dateline, she was a murder victim without a name until strangers gave it back to her, To those armchair detectives and their partner, she was as important as you or me. It doesn't matter what walk of life you come from, everybody's a person. That's the way they should be treated. Watch Keith's story, the woman with No name airing this Friday on NBC at a special time of 10 15, 9 15 Central.


And be sure to check out Josh's brand new original podcast series, deadly Mirage. It's the story of a young couple living in the California desert who seemed to have it all until the husband was found murdered. And investigators uncovered a web of dark secrets. The body lay on the shop floor, the man's shaving head, leaning against the front left tire of a service truck. There was a dime-sized hole in his chin and a pool of blood slowly congealing on the concrete floor Come exactly what happened. I opened the garage door and there's a light bulb busted out. Get in the office, tore up, and he is on the ground bleeding out of his head.


The first two episodes are available now, wherever you get your podcasts. Dateline Premium subscribers get early access to episodes and can listen ad free. Thanks for listening. Dateline True Crime Weekly is produced by Frannie Kelly and Katie Ferguson. Our associate producers are Carson Cummins. And Caroline Casey. Our senior producer is Liz Brown, Karloff production and fact checking help by Sara Kir. Veronica Mika is our digital producer. Rick Qua is our sound designer. Original music by Jesse McGinty. Bryson Barnes is head of audio production. Paul Ryan is executive producer and Liz Cole is senior executive producer of Dateline. Okay, Thanks Jane.


Hi everyone. We all have our own behind the wheel persona. Are you a Windows Down sing along to your favorite song seat, lean back kind of driver, or perhaps an AC blasting podcast on hugging the wheel kind of driver. However you move through life. Atlantic Union Bank is on board because we agree things should be done your way, especially banking work with someone you trust who's there when you need them. For all the ways you bank. Call schedule a video appointment or make a pit stop at an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more. Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.