
Hi, I'm Josh Menowitz with a preview of Dateline Missing in America. In our podcast's third season, we share six new unsolved mysteries, and we hope somebody listening may have a clue that could help crack one of these cases. Could that someone be you? Here's Dateline Missing in America. In Idaho County, Idaho four wheel drive is a fact of life. More than half the county's nearly 8,500 square miles are either national forest or federally managed wilderness.


These steep mountains and deep canyons are a draw for outdoor enthusiasts. They also hold secrets. On October 5th, 2018, 12 members of a television production crew drove up one of those mountains for a day long shoot That night, 11 of them returned to their motel. Terrance Woods did not. He was 26 years old and he was last seen on that mountain more than five years ago. What's these last few years been like since then? Hell Like cancer, like knowing something's gonna kill you, but you gotta deal with it and keep going.


That is Terrence Woods senior. From the beginning, you thought, this isn't your son going missing. This is something happening to him. Yes, Because the story from the beginning didn't make no sense. What happened to his son doesn't make sense to a lot of people, including Terrance's friend and mentor, Bethany Swain. Everything about the stories after Terrance's disappearance, I would describe as weird. The sheriff who oversaw the investigation says he's baffled too. There's so many possibilities that just kind of boggles the mind. That's why it's an interesting case.


I'm Josh Menowitz, and this is Dateline Missing in America. This episode is Into Thin Air. We first covered Terrence's story in October, 2023. Please listen closely because you or someone you know may have information that could help solve this case and give his family the answers they need. Thanks for listening. Search for Dateline Missing in America. To. start listening to season three and follow us now. For ad free listening, subscribe to Dateline Premium on Apple or Spotify.