
There are verities in this great land. The simple joys of an Easter egg hunt, the family centered traditions on a fine big farm in the heart of the western plains, the all but certain confidence that some places are safe from chaos and violence. Never in a million years would you think that you'd see your parents' house taped off the farm taped off by that yellow tape. That wasn a very brutal crime scene, one of the worst I've ever seen. Careful what myths you choose to rely on, like truth for example, and the weakness that makes us think we alone have found it.


Re gas lethal injection. That's what kind of case this is. As we stumble in the dark until we hear what we need to hear, put the gun to our Face and blew it away. An inside job, apparently a family affair as murder often is You're just sitting there trying to take it all in, trying to figure out why does this happen? But sometimes it takes a second set of eyes to see a clue missed until that moment. That took a case of double murder on a long, strange trip. I said, that's like looking for a needle in a haystack. Three tiny letters. The ultimate key two mystery That pretty much sends a chill down your spine.


Sometimes the least likely of all things can be real. I Am not kidding, and if no one believes me, then I really want to go back to myself. Truth can be hidden in strange places. She looked at me and she said, I'm screwed. And I said, you just gotta tell the truth. That's all you can do at this point. If there was truth to be found, maybe he was lying to you. Not a chance. If anyone could figure it out, That wasn this and then That wasn that, and then That wasn this, and then That wasn that. When a top law man was caught in a lie. You wake up one morning and they say you're a Criminal. Well, it kind of was like that. You know, Wish there was a time machine. You can go back in time and say, forget this ever happened.


I'm Keith Morrison, and this is Murder in the Moonlight. An all new podcast from Dateline, beginning Monday, February 17th. You can listen to the latest episodes completely free or to begin listening now, subscribe to Dateline Premium on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or dateline premium.com. Subscribers get early access to new episodes and can listen to all Dateline podcasts ad free.


A true crime story never really ends even when a case is closed. The journey for those left behind is just beginning. Since our Dateline story aired, Tracy has harnessed her outrage into a mission. I had no other option. I had to do something. Catch up with families, friends, and investigators on our bonus series after the verdict. Ordinary people facing extraordinary circumstances with strength and courage, it Does just change your life. But speaking up for these issues helps me keep going. To listen to after the verdict. Subscribe to Dateline Premium on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or@datelinepremium.com.