
Okay, we're ready for the killer stuff. We're on the set of a movie, a horror movie. They're about to film a killing. Okay, we are rolling Killers. Take a slight step to the right there. There you go. And action Frame Zap. Ah, ah. Cut. Okay. That was terrible. The writer director is an emerging artist. His specialty, the terrifying world at the dark end of Make Believe. I love what I do. From the first day that I stepped on a set, that was when I knew, and that I was just like, kind of like there's snow going back.


Nothing else would make me feel fulfilled in what I was doing and really love what I do. So I just chased it with everything I had. But now a man had vanished, perhaps from that very movie set and police were involved. As soon as they called me on the phone, I this weird, chill, Strange events, even beyond the sound stage. I have never in my life felt fear like that. He looked At me and said, I'm being robbed. Can you help me? It's like every nightmare you had as a child after watching a scary movie. Sure, every nightmare you've ever had. All of a sudden it's right here. Like this masked guy, hockey guy is standing there.


It felt like a horror movie, gum horribly alive. I was terrified. I didn't know what to do. That wasn like Oh, my God. I think I'm going to die. Even the detective was drawn in, obsessed. I was sitting there listening to his story and I had chills going up my spine. But then That wasn just a movie, wasn't it? What better way to start a movie off than to have your name on the tip of everybody's tongue. I'm Keith Morrison. Our latest abide podcast will take us into another world where fantasy seems very real and reality.


Well, who knows? Did you feel sometimes like you're in the middle of, you know, Allison Wonderland, the Matrix or something? I always believe that story to be true right from the start. I'm thinking he killed him and he had filmed the murder. I'm Keith Morrison, and this is The Man in the Black Mask, an all new podcast from Dateline beginning Tuesday, October 15th. You can listen to the latest episodes completely free or to begin listening now. subscribe to Dateline Premium on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or dateline premium.com.


Subscribers get early access to new episodes and can listen to all Dateline podcasts ad free.


Sometimes It takes a different approach to help you unlock your true potential. With Capella University's game-changing FlexPath learning format, you gain relevant skills you can apply to your career right away. Earn your degree from an accredited university and be confident in the quality of your education. IRA and capella.edu. Capella University is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission. Learn more at capella.edu/accreditation.