
They called it the happiest place on the high desert, the perfect place to raise a family. That, wasn, sort of Palm Springs light, the big spacious houses, families with kids running around bikes in the streets. It looked like kind of the American dream neighborhood. That wasn, a desert oasis, lush and green home to a tight-knit group of 30 somethings who liked to party. Woo And took to heart the biblical commandment to love thy neighbor, My wife and I, and Rob and Sabrina would engage in sexual activities.


If That's what a couple agrees with in their marriage, then that's their business. Then one day a handsome outsider crashed the party. I started getting texts messages saying, I would love to come hang out with you guys Soon. Discord descended on this Eden east of Los Angeles. The people were so cruel. I had to get a restraining order, And a sudden death reveals the happiest place to be a mirage. I need someone here Dead. He knew his attacker. That's somebody knew intimate details about his life. Our latest podcast takes us to a railroad outpost on the edge of California's high desert, where passion leads to murder and a killer seeks God's help with the coverup.


Whatever the crime lab has found, God, please help this to be a, A method. A mode that keeps our story from being told. It's a story about love and betrayal. Does she know you guys cooperated? Yeah. I didn't trust her from day one. From the first time I met her, I did not trust her. It's about indiscretions and a string of bad choices. Her frustrations became my frustrations. Her demons became my demons. Do you make Decisions on your own at any point? Yes, I sure do. Apparently many bad ones. Most of all, it's about the danger of indulging delusions and allowing daydreams to become nightmares.


It had sex, religion, the seemingly perfect, beautiful family that had all these secrets. It had everything. I'm Josh Menowitz, and this is Deadly Mirage, an all new podcast from Dateline beginning Tuesday, December 3rd. You can listen to the latest episodes completely free or to begin listening now, subscribe to Dateline Premium on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or dateline premium.com. Subscribers get early access to new episodes and can listen to all Dateline podcasts ad free.


It's time to get the world talking about black led brands. We all have our favorites, but we can't keep them all to ourselves. So if you feeling a little black opal beauty, tell somebody if the lip bar gives you a lip for every drip, let them know. And if your hair is doing the do, shout that out too. Join Walmart in shouting out your favorite black LED products, creating a new world of choices at walmart.com/black and unlimited.