
Hi, I'm Josh Mitz with a preview of Dateline Missing in America. In our podcast's third season, we share six new unsolved mysteries and we hope somebody listening may have a clue that could help crack one of these cases. Could that someone be you? Here's Dateline Missing. in America College is such a special time for any young adult filled with new experiences and new relationships. Sometimes where you go is also where you find out who you are and what you want out of the world.


For Marcus Rutledge, that place of discovery was Tennessee State University. In Nashville, David Rutledge is his dad. It's a special place, a place where not only academic learning takes place, but also social learning. Home of the Tigers. TSU is a historically black university and counts Oprah Winfrey among its most famous alumni. Marcus proudly wore his royal blue and white, and for good reason for the Rutledge, TSU is a family affair. Both his parents went there and when Marcus started as a freshman, his sister Felicia was a sophomore back then, she had some big sister advice.


I remember when he first registered and my mom was like, oh, you should take a eight o'clock class, and I told him, you do not want to take an 8:00 AM class. In the spring of 1998, Marcus was set to graduate and the family was excited to see their youngest son where that cap and gown. Except that never happened because on June 8th, 1998, Marcus Rutledge disappeared, and for 26 years, his family has been living with that mystery. It's possible that at the time he disappeared, he was involved with people that you didn't know anything about. I'm not gonna say keeping a secret from you, but that he just wasn't talking about.


I wonder whether or not Marcus was actually into something that was bigger than he was and he was actually trying to get away. Just to leave and leave No trace. I am Josh Menowitz and this is Dateline Missing in America. This episode is Missing in Music. City, please listen closely because you or someone you know might have information that could help solve this case and give Marcus's family the answers they are desperately looking for. You think this is a chance Marcus is still alive and still out there somewhere?


Absolutely. Thanks for listening. Search for Dateline Missing in America. To. start listening to season three and follow us now for ad free listening. Subscribe to Dateline Premium on Apple or Spotify.


You love this podcast every episode. Imagine if you couldn't listen to it anymore or if you couldn't connect to any podcast. Imagine what you'd miss if you had no internet connection at all. No way of finding a job or banking or seeking medical care online. That's what life is like for the millions of Americans facing the digital divide. Since 2021, at and t has committed $5 billion to help connect every American so everyone has a chance to thrive. Now back to the podcast. At and t connecting changes everything.