
Hello, I'm Keith Morrison with a special preview of season three of Dateline Missing in America, brought to you by Progressive. Our first episode is a case of a Garcia, a young California woman who loved her custom colored bright red car. So when police found it parked along the Pacific Coast Highway miles from her home and a rally was nowhere to be found, a mystery began. Josh Menowitz tells a story Tucked between the Pacific and the mountains on California's central Coast. Big Sur is a 90 mile stretch of breathtaking beauty.


The author Henry Miller said, That wasn here in Big Sir that I first learned to say amen to see what he was talking about. You'll need to brave highway one. It's two lanes wind above steep cliffs with waves crashing below. There are places to pull off to soak in the views. It's the vista of a hundred TV commercials on September 22nd, 2022. Something happened here that you'll never see on any postcard of this slice of paradise. On that morning, a bright red Honda Accord cruised south down Highway one and pulled over just past mile marker 56.


Who was in that car and what happened before and after that moment are questions that haunt a family. The Honda belonged to 25-year-old a Garcia, and she hasn't been seen or heard from since that morning. It's Been like a scary movie since the day it happened. Like it's just been a nightmare. And we pray every night that she comes home. Veronica Garcia and Ellie Mendoza are a's sisters. Is there any reason why your sister would be in Big Sur? No idea. It's still a mystery to this day, A mystery that two, a's family and others sounds eerily similar to another case.


They're both young, you know, they're both women of color. They both went missing at the same area. It is very shady, for sure. I'm Josh Mackowitz, and this is Dateline Missing in America. Today's episode is Mystery Down Highway one. We first covered a rally's story in September, 2023. Her family was desperate to find a rally then, and they're still searching for her. Please listen closely because you or someone you know might have information that could help solve this case and give a's family the answers they're looking for.


Dateline Missing in America is brought to you by Progressive home of the name your price tool. You say how much you wanna pay for car insurance and they'll show you coverage options that fit your budget. It's easy to start a quote. Visit progressive.com to get started. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Price and coverage match limited by state law.