
Get charged up for the all electric accuracy DX experience. Impressive range. Your choice of complimentary charging packages, a bang, an Olson premium sound system, and a three month SiriusXM trial subscription granting you access to ad free music plus sports news, podcasts and more. Visit your local Acura dealer for the most electrifying offers of the season and lease the ZDX for $0 first month's payment and $1 due at signing. Make your future electric Acura precision crafted performance


Holiday magic is in the air and DSWs got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow. Styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock and more and deals To make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at A DSW store near you or dsw.com.


The original Rudolph, The Red Nose reindeer by Robert L. May That wasn the day before Christmas. And all through the hills the reindeer were playing. Join the spills of skating and coasting and climbing the willows and hopscotching and leapfrogging protected by pillows. Well, every so often they'd stop to call names of one little deer not allowed in their games. Ha ha. Look at Rudolph. His nose is a sight. It's read as a beat twice as big, twice as bright. Well, Rudolph just wept.


What else could he do? He knew that the things they were saying were true. Where most reindeer's noses were brownish and tiny poor Rudolphs was red, very large and quite shiny. In daylight it dazzled. The picture shows that at nighttime it glowed like the eyes of a cat and putting dirt on it just made it look muddy. Oh boy was he mad when they nicknamed him ruddy. And though he was lonesome, he always was good. Obeying his parents as a good reindeer should. And that's why on this day, Rudolph almost felt playful.


He hoped that from Santa soon driving his slave full of presence of and candy and dollies and toys for good little animals, good girls and boys, he'd get just as much. And this is what pleased him as the happier handsomer reindeer who teased him. So as night and a fog hid the world like a hood, he went to bed. Hopeful he knew he'd been good. Well way, way up north. On this same foggy night, old Santa was packing a sleigh for the flight. This fog, he complained, will be hard to get through. He shook his round head and his tummy shook too.


Without any stars or a moon as our compass, this extra dark night is quite likely to swamp us to keep from collisions. We'll have to fly slow to keep our direction. We'll have to fly low. We'll steer by street lamps and houses tonight in order to finish before it gets light. Just think how the boys and girls' faith would be shaken if we didn't reach them before they awakened. Come Dasher, come dancer. Come. Prancer and vixen come. Comet, come cubit, come Donner and blitzen. Be quick with your suppers. Get hitched in a hurry. You too will find fog and delay and a worry.


And Santa was right as he usually is. The fog was as thick as his sodas. White fizz just not getting lost. Needed all Santa's skill with street signs and numbers. More difficult still he tangled in treetops again and again and barely missed hitting a premotor plane. He still made good speed with much twisting and turning as long as the street lights and house lights were burning at each house. First noting the people who lived there, he'd quickly select the right presence to give there. By midnight however, the last light had fled for even big people had then gone to bed because it might waken them.


A match was denied him. Oh my how he wished he had just one star to guide him through dark streets and houses. Old Saturn fared poorly. He now picked the presence more slowly, less surely. He really was worried. But what would he do if folks started waking before he was through? The air was still foggy. The night dark and dreier when Santa arrived at the home of the deer, alleged that he tripped on while seeking the chimney. Gave Santa a spill, a painfully skinned knee. The room he came down in was blacker than ink.


He went for a chair and then found it to be a sink. The first reindeer bedroom was so very black. He tripped on the rug and fell flat on his back. So dark he had to move close to the bed and squint very hard at the sleeping deer's head before he could choose the right kind of toy. A doll for a girl or a train for a boy. But all this took time and filled Santa with gloom. While slowly he groped toward the next reindeer's room, the door he just opened went to his surprise. A dim but quite definite light meant his eyes.


The lamp wasn't burning. The glow came instead from something that lay at the head of the bed. And there lay. But wait. Now what would you suppose? The glowing, you guessed That wasn. Rudolph's red nose. So this room was easy. This one little light. Let Santa pick quickly the gifts that were just right. How happy he was till he went out the door and the rest of the house was as black as before. So black that it made every step a dark mystery. And then came the greatest idea in all history.


He went back to Rudolph and started to shake him, of course, very gently in order to wake him. And Rudolph could scarcely believe his own eyes. You can just imagine his joy and surprise at seeing who stood there. So real and so near well. Telling the tale we've already told here. Poor satis tale of distress and delay. The fog and the darkness of losing his way. The horrible fear that some children might waken before his complete Christmas trip had been taken. And you he told Rudolph Mayette, save the day. Your wonderful forehead.


Mayette pave the way for a wonderful triumph. It actually might old Sandy, you know this was extra polite to Rudolph regarding his wonderful forehead. To call it a shiny big nose would be horrid. I need you said Santa to help me tonight to lead all my dear on the rest of our flight. And Rudolph broke out into such a big grin. It almost connected his ears and his chin. And note for his folks, he dashed off in a hurry. I've gone to help Santa. He wrote, do not worry, said Santa. My slay will bring down to the lawn.


Huge stick in the chimney and flash. He was gone. The Rudolph prince out through the door, very gay and took his proud place at the head of the sleigh and the rest of the night. Well, what would you guess old Santa's idea was a brilliant success. And brilliant was almost no word for the way that Rudolph directed the deer and the sleigh. In spite of the fog, they flew quickly and low and made such good use of the wonderful glow from Rudolph's forehead at each intersection that not even once did they lose their direction. Well as for the houses and streets with a sign on them, they nearly flew close so that Rudolph could shine on them to tell who lived there and just what to give, whom they'd fly by each window and peak of the room.


Old Santa always knew which children were good and mine to their parents ate as they should. So Santa selected the gift that was right. While Rudolph's forehead gave just enough light. It all went so fast that before That wasn day, the very last present was given away. The very last stalking was filled to the top. Just as the sun was preparing to pop. This sun woke the reindeer in Rudolph's hometown. They found the short message he'd written down. Then they gat outside to await his return. And were they excited, astonished to learn that Rudolph the ugliest deer of the mall, Rudolph The Red nose.


So bashful and small, the funny faced fellow, they always called names and practically never allowed in their games, was now to be envied by all far in ear. For no greater honor can come to a deer than riding with Santa and guiding his sleigh. The number one job. On the number one day, the sleigh and his reindeer soon came into view and Rudolph still led them as downward. They flew an old boy was he proud as they came to a landing right where his handsomer playmates were standing. These bad deer who used to do nothing but tease him, would now have done anything only to please him.


They felt even soer. They had been bad when Satis said, Rudolph. I never have had a deer quite so brave or brilliant as you at fighting Black Fog and at guiding me through By you last night's journey was actually bossed without you. I am certain we'd all have been lost. I hope you'll continue to keep us from grief on future dark trips as commander in chief. But Rudolph just blushed from his head to his toes until his whole fur was as red as his nose. The crowd first applauded, then started to screech.


Hooray for our Rudolph. And we want a speech. But Rudolph was bashful. Despite being a hero and tired, his sleep on the trip totaled zero. And that's why his speech was just brief and not bright. Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night. And that's why whenever it's foggy and gray, it's Rudolph The Red Nose who guide sat a sleigh. Be listening this Christmas, don't make a peep 'cause that late at night children should be asleep. The very first sound that you'll hear on the roof. Provided this fog will be Rudolph's, small hoof.


And soon after that, if you still is a mouse, you may hear a swish as he flies around the house and gives enough light to give sad a view of you and your room. And when they're all through, you may hear them call as they drive out of sight. Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night. And that's Rudolph The Red Nose. Reindeer Holiday Magic is in the air. And Ds W's got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice.


So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow. Styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock, and More and deals. To make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at A DSW store near you or dsw.com.