
Hi, I'm Josh Mitz with a preview of Dateline Missing in America. In our podcast's third season, we share six new unsolved mysteries, and we hope somebody listening may have a clue that could help crack one of these cases. Could that someone be you? Here's Dateline Missing in America. How are you? That wasn, Tyler Goodrich's 36th birthday, and in his hometown of Bennett, Nebraska. That meant That wasn time for a party. Good to see you again. There we go. Good to see you. There was an Oreo cake, Tyler's favorite, and of course, this Happy birthday here, Tyler.


Happy birthday to you. Love you, son. This party was like any birthday celebration except for one huge thing. The guest of honor wasn't there. Tyler Goodrich had disappeared five months earlier. On November 3rd, 2023. He's still missing and the people he loves most. Can't make any sense of it. Lonnie Goodrich is Tyler's father. Every night before I go to bed, I stand at the window and I beg him for answers. I beg him to come home. Tyler's sister, Felicia Nicholson, is struggling to adjust to this new reality.


I am so frustrated and angry that somebody knows where Tyler is. Somebody knows something. This disappearance has baffled investigators. It has also brought a community together. People Were making yard signs and printing flyers. You couldn't drive down a single street without seeing Tyler's face. I mean you still can't. I'm Josh Menowitz, and this is Dateline Missing in America. This episode is Running Man. We first covered Tyler's case in December, 2023. Please listen closely because you or someone you know may have information that could help Tyler's family and friends find the answers they're still looking for.


Thanks for listening. Search for Dateline Missing in America. To. start listening to season three and follow us now for ad free listening. Subscribe to Dateline Premium on Apple or Spotify.


We all know Kit Kat bars taste delicious, but what about how they sound? It's not just a catchy jingle. It's the satisfying crack of breaking off a piece of Kit Kat. Followed by a crisp crunch. Oh, we forgot one other sound that accompanies Kit Kat bars too. It's, or maybe it's more like, Mm. Altogether Kit Kat bars are music to our ears and yummy flavors to our mouths. Have a break. Have a Kit Kat.