
What if you could turn your curiosity for true crime into a degree at Southern New Hampshire University? You can. Southern New Hampshire University offers over 200 degrees you can earn online, including subjects like forensic psychology and criminology. And with some of the lowest online tuition rates in the US Southern New Hampshire University makes earning your degree affordable. Find your degree at ssu.edu/dateline. That's snh u.edu/dateline.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected, and each one More expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty Stressful. Now, imagine, Ooo, Ooo has all the programs you'll ever need and are all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's OD o.com.


Finding the music you love shouldn't be hard. That's why Pandora makes it easy to explore all your favorites and discover new artists and genres you'll love. Enjoy a personalized listening experience simply by selecting any song or album, and we'll make a station crafted just for you. Best of all, you can listen for free download Pandora on the Apple App Store or Google Play and start hearing the soundtrack to your life.


This is on trial, a special series from Dateline True Crime Weekly, bringing you daily coverage from the Sean Combs racketeering trial. He has pleaded not guilty to all the charges against him. I'm Andrea Canning, and it's Friday, May 30th. Just a heads up. In this episode, we're going to be talking about some graphic details and harrowing subject matter. This morning. The prosecution witness using the pseudonym, Mia was back on the stand. Then after a couple of hours, the defense began its cross-examination of her as That wasn starting. Attorney Brian Steele asked the jurors to open binders that had been left on their chairs. NBC News correspondent Chloe Moos is going to tell us what was in those binders and more.


She has just come out of the federal courthouse in lower Manhattan. Hey Chloe. Hey Andrea. So yesterday, Mia was, as you told us, she was very emotional throughout the day. How was she today? Today she was still looking down, not making eye contact with the jury, with Diddy. Her voice still would sometimes seem like That wasn trembling, and she was sort of whispering at times. But overall, she was pretty strong and stoic, and especially during cross-examination, there were times where she was really talking back to Brian Steele and holding her own. Hmm. Today the prosecutor pulled out texts between Mia and Combs, Mia and others who worked at Combs as company.


What was that all about? These are text messages that date back to the time of the allegations that she's talking about, and it's both Mia and also Diddy's text messages. Some of the texts are threatening. He's telling her that her job's at stake, he's angry, he's gonna fire her. He wants nothing to do with her. In one instance, he writes to her, if you don't call me now, I'm gonna tell everything and don't ever speak to me again. You have two minutes. This is in reference to her being in South Africa with Cassie and he was trying to get ahold of Cassie. And according to Mia, when He says, I'm gonna tell everything he means exposing their sexual relationship, and she says, those were sexual assaults.


There is one text the prosecutor showed the jury, which Mia sent Combs and his chief of staff. You can really see the panic or hear the panic in her words, even though it's in a text message. Absolutely. I mean, I think one of the things that we're really seeing now is that he was relentless in terms of the work environment for his employees and especially for Mia, who was his personal assistant for all of these years, that he would call her dozens of times in succession and write the same text over and over again. It would say something like, call me now, call me now, call me now. Please. In one instance, she wakes up to I think like 48 missed calls while she's in South Africa, and she's like, I just woke up and you can see her worry about her job.


You can see her trying to defend herself. And she writes back, I was exhausted. There's a time change where I am right now. I would never avoid you. I would never not answer your calls. I mean, I think that when you're talking about panic, we definitely see it when she messages Christina Kora, who was Diddy's chief of staff, she says, I'm having night terrors about Diddy. Yeah. Because this is what she's waking up to, right? I mean, it's totally abnormal. Imagine your boss calling you 48 times. But she also said that she felt like Diddy was under the influence. He was slurring his words, you know? So we don't know Diddy's state of mind at the time of these actions.


Yesterday we were talking about how some of Mia's testimony echoes Cassie Ventura's. They both stuck around for years after they alleged Sean Combs began abusing them. How did Mia explain that? When the prosecutor asked her, you know, why she stayed? Well, she actually said that she had tried to quit before, and she talked about an incident on the island of St. Barts where she was on a yacht off the coast with Kim Porter, who was the mother of some of his children and some of Combs friends. And that Diddy was screaming at her while she was counting some money of his, and he kept telling her that she was counting it wrong and then threatening her and threatening her job.


And so she actually went to go hide from him and was begging the captain to get her a tender, which is a little boat, to take her to shore. And finally they get her on that little boat and it takes her to shore and she realizes she doesn't have her passport, that she had left it with the head of security back on the yacht. So she said that she's tried to escape, but she was never successful in doing so. And there was a q and a where the prosecutor asks her, you know, could you get other jobs? And you know, her response was No, right? Yeah. She says that he would've destroyed my reputation. I was scared of him. Mia testified that she was eventually laid off in 2017 from the company and that she had to fight for back pay.


Yeah. So she said that she was so upset actually, that Diddy was not the one to deliver this news to her, that she felt like That wasn a real betrayal, but at this point, she's out of a job. She doesn't think she can get a job with anybody else. And so she hires an employment attorney who tries to help her get the money that she feels like she's deserved. And so this goes on for nine months and eventually there's some mediation. She actually asks for $10 million, but in the end she only got 400,000 and 200,000 went to her attorneys. What Was with the 10 million then? Is this for sort of damages? Why so much? Yeah, so she says that she did bring up the fact that she had been emotionally and physically abused to her employment attorneys, but she did not say that she had been sexually assaulted.


She reiterated that that was something that she just planned to take with her to her grave. And so this $10 million number was arbitrary That wasn something she said that her attorneys came up with. Ultimately, she was paid for bonuses owed and all of the overtime that she was owed. Chloe Mia also testified about other people who worked for Combs and and you mentioned already one of them, his chief of staff, a woman named Christina Caram. Right. And so her nickname is kk and she appears to be across a lot of the communication between Mia and Diddy. And Mia at times would forward emails or things that she had written to Diddy for her line of sight.


So it could be interesting to see will she testify at some point? And Mia brought up another name. You've mentioned quite a few times now during this trial D Rock and that is Combs as head of security. How did he come into play in Mia's testimony today? This was fascinating. Mia has this exchange with D Rock who reaches out to her right after Cassie filed her civil lawsuit in November of 2023. And on November 30th, D Rock reaches out to her and is like, Hey, have you been? But they haven't talked in two years. So she says he was trying to tell her that Cassie and Diddy's relationship, although toxic at times, that this was just like a normal couple, that their fights were normal.


And he said that other people actually agreed with him in their inner circle. She said that a big red flag went off for her and that she just stayed silent on that call. Combs settled the lawsuit with no admission of wrongdoing, and we learned a couple of weeks ago that as a part of the settlement, he paid Cassie $20 million. How does Mia fit into this, if at all? I think That wasn pretty clear to anybody who read Cassie's civil lawsuit that law enforcement was probably going to look into this and do some sort of investigation into her claims, especially once CNN released that really shocking security footage of her being beaten in that hotel hallway in 2016.


And so if there was any evidence to back them up or people who'd corroborate that he'd be in jeopardy. Right. So Mia is testifying that her interpretation of that phone call is that Combs wants to make sure she's not a threat. Is that accurate? Yeah. I mean, she felt as though Diddy was reaching out to her to try to silence her. And D Rock actually offers to send her some money, which she declines, but he doesn't say that the money is for her to not participate in any sort of investigation. He just says he wants to help her out. She's like, it's okay. I do have trouble paying my bills right now, but I don't want your help.


It's all good. So she never accepts any money. She never gets on the phone with Diddy. After a couple phone calls and a few text messages, they left her a loan, it seems. Is the government alleging here then that Combs was obstructing justice? I don't know if that's what they're saying with these particular messages. Obstruction of justice is one of the rego crimes that prosecutors explicitly named in their indictment. And witness tampering is one of the allegations that the government leveled trying to get Diddy's bail applications denied. Prosecutors have said multiple times that he was obstructing justice from behind bars at his prison in Brooklyn that he was trying to get to witnesses.


So I don't know if these messages really illustrate obstruction, but it definitely shows that he was trying to reach out to people. Okay, Chloe, we have a lot more to come when we come back. The defense begins its cross-examination of Mia and it includes those binders left on the juror's chairs.


Net credit is here to say yes because you're more than a credit score. Apply in minutes and get a decision as soon as the same day loans offered by net creditor lending partner banks and service by net credit application subject to review and approval. Learn more at net credit.com/partners. Net credit credit to the people.


Hey everybody. Ted Danson here to tell you about my podcast with my longtime friend and sometimes co-host Woody Harrelson. It's called Where everybody Knows Your Name. And we're back for another season. I'm so excited to be joined this season by friends like John Malaney, David Spade, Sarah Silverman, ed Helms, and many more. You don't wanna miss it. Listen to where everybody knows your name with me. Ted Danson and Woody Harson. Sometimes wherever you get your podcasts.


What if I told you that right now millions of people are living with a debilitating condition that's so misunderstood. Many of them don't even know that they have it. That condition is Obsessive Compulsive disorder. Or OCD? I'm Dr. Patrick McGrath, the chief clinical Officer of no CD. And in the 25 years I've been treating OCD, I've met so many people who were suffering from the condition in silence, unaware of just what That wasn OCD can create overwhelming anxiety and fear around what you value most. Make you question your identity beliefs and morals and drive you to perform mentally and physically draining compulsions or rituals. Over my career, I've seen just how devastating OCD can be when it's left untreated, but help is available. That's where no CD comes in. No CD is the world's largest virtual therapy provider for obsessive compulsive disorder. Our licensed therapists are trained in exposure and response prevention therapy, a specialized treatment proven to be incredibly effective for OCD. So visit ocd.com to schedule a free 15 minute call with our team. That's N ooc d.com.


Chloe, tell us about these binders and what was inside them. So when the jurors came in for Brian Steele's cross-examination, there were these binders on each of their chairs, and in them were all these different social media posts of Mia's. So this whole afternoon of cross-examination, Steele just attacked Mia's credibility by talking about all these things that she had posted on Instagram during her eight years working for him. And these posts were, she put them up pretty close in time to some of the incidents she testified about. Yeah, I mean, this was really fascinating. Brian Steele spent the entire cross-examination showing Mia all of these different things that she had posted on Instagram, wishing Didia happy birthday, telling him that she loved him, saying, you're my mentor, you know, you're such a great guy.


I'll always be there for you. Thank you for all the things that you've ever done for me. And so steel's like, how can you call the person who assaulted you, your mentor? So I mean, things got really heated, but she stood firm and she said that social media is not a true to depiction of what was really going on in her life. Steele also pointed out that this wasn't all bad for Mia. She, there were times where she was enjoying herself, where she liked her job. I mean, it's really complicated, right? She says the highs were high and the lows were low. She keeps saying that exact quote and she says, yeah, I mean, I was traveling, but this was part of my job.


I was drinking wine in this photo. But you know, Diddy wasn't with us in, in this moment. And Steele says, well, how do you have a good moment when you're terrified because you're saying this is your abuser who has repeatedly sexually assaulted you, who's ruining your life? And she says, it's easy because the dynamic would shift when things were good, I felt really safe. You almost forget about those things. Steele really pushed back on Mia's rape claims. I mean, There were multiple times where Steele's voice was raised and he was like, you weren't sexually assaulted, were you? You weren't raped, really, were you? And she's like, I stand by my testimony. You know, these things did happen to me.


And he said, you know, how do you forget about waking up with a man on top of you? She says, it's too horrible to think about. You want it to go away. So when she would post pictures on trips or wish him a happy birthday, she's basically saying that behind the scenes That wasn awful. But publicly, she's cherry picking the best parts. The defense seems to be trying to show the jury this different version of Mia. You know, yesterday she was sobbing on the stand. Today they're, they're trying to show her as this woman who had a fabulous career. You know, she's posting like crazy. All these wonderful things she's doing and seems to be enjoying herself working for Combs. And that is something that the jury is going to have to figure out, right?


I mean, she's far more engaged today. She's kind of talking back to Brian Steele and she's being confident and she's saying, yep. I mean, literally she'll say, yep, I posted that. And she's like, I am dealing with this in therapy right now. I'm still unpacking everything that happened to me. I suffer from Major PTSD. And at one point she's like, you weren't sexually assaulted. She says that to Brian Steele. Hmm. We obviously cannot read the minds of jurors, but how do you think that they were reacting to the defense's cross-examination of Mia? So some of these jurors do not have a good poker face.


And I was talking to some people who came out of the courtroom this afternoon while I was outside doing some TV hit segments. And they said that some of the jurors were actually kind of laughing and smirking during really Brian Steele's. Yep. Really aggressive cross-examination of her that there are a few that appear to be pro Diddy, but again, that could be a facade. Yeah, It's interesting trying to read jurors. You know, you just, you never know. The trial is getting just a ton of attention today. It made it all the way to the White House. A Fox News reporter asked President Trump in the Oval Office if he would consider pardoning combs.


What was the president's answer? I mean, in the wake of the Chrisleys being, pardon Andrea, this was a perfectly expected question for him to be asked. And he said, nobody's talked to me about it yet. Nobody's asked. But he said he would certainly look at the facts he said that he hasn't seen or spoken to did in years, and that he wasn't following the trial closely, but he was open to looking into it. Okay, we look forward to your color and analysis next week. We hope everyone has a great weekend. Thank you, Chloe, for everything all week. And thanks to everyone for listening. We'll be back with a new episode on Monday. If you wanna read the latest developments and analysis from inside the courtroom, check out the NBC newsletter Didion trial.


Go to NBC News dot com slash diddy to find that on trial is produced by Franny Kelly with help from the Dateline True Crime Weekly team. Our senior producers are Alison or and Liz Brown Karloff Original music by Jesse McGinty. Paul Ryan is executive producer and Liz Cole is senior executive producer of Dateline.


This season, let your shoes do the Talking Designer shoe warehouses packed with fresh styles that speak to your whole vibe without saying a word from cool sneakers that look good with everything, the easy sandals you'll wanna wear on repeat ESW has you covered. Find a shoe for you from the brands you love, like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, new Balance and more. Head to your DSW store or visit dsw.com today.