
This episode is brought to you by Progressive, where drivers who save by switching. Save nearly $750 on average. Quote now at Progressive dot com to see if you could save Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. National average, 12 months savings of $744 by new customers surveyed to save with Progressive between June 2022 and May 2023. Potential savings will vary. Discounts not available in all states and situations.


This episode of Dateline NBC is brought to you by Almond Joy, with its blend of real creamy, coconut rich, chocolatey taste, and satisfying almond crunch. Almond joy is a taste that takes you away. Blissful tropical flavors will have you feeling sunny vibes and ocean breezes in every bite. Almond joy, your ticket to a sweet, indulgent, laid back escape. Grab the creamy coconut and chocolatey crunch of almond joy today and taste paradise.


Grand Canyon University, a private Christian university in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona believes that we're endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. GCU believes an equal opportunity in the American dream starts with purpose. Whether your pursuit involves a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, GCU provides a path to help you fulfill your dreams. Offering 340 academic programs as of September, 2024, find your purpose at Grand Canyon University, private Christian, affordable. Visit gcu.edu.


This is on trial, a special series from Dateline True Crime Weekly, bringing you daily coverage from the Sean Combs racketeering trial. He has pleaded not guilty to all the charges against him. I'm Andrea Canning, and it's Wednesday, June 4th. Just a heads up. In this episode, we're going to be talking about some graphic details and harrowing subject matter today. Federal prosecutors called the eighth witness. They've had to subpoena to testify against Sean Combs, some of his personal assistants, a hotel security guard, and now Brianna Lin. She had been a close friend of Cassie Ventura's on the stand. Brianna told the jury that Combs once told her he was the devil and that he terrified her.


NBC News correspondent Chloe Malos is in downtown Manhattan to get us up to speed. Hey Chloe. Hey Andrea. Hey. Okay, so tell us about Brianna and and who she is to to Sean Combs. So she's A fashion and graphic designer and she partied with Diddy. They worked together and there has been a lot of anticipation about her testifying. Brianna testified under an immunity agreement. Chloe, what do you know about this agreement? Well, She testified about doing illegal drugs with Diddy and Cassie and about getting those drugs and sometimes getting paid back for them by the couple. So, you know, this is something that we've seen with other witnesses, taking the stand granted immunity by the government so that, look, you can say whatever your truth is, as long as it's the truth and you're not going to be held legally accountable for anything.


Her demeanor was very subdued, Very almost breathless at times That wasn almost like a whisper. I can only imagine just how hard it is for some of these people, especially the ones you know who are being subpoenaed to, to get up there and take the stand. How does Brianna's testimony help the prosecution's case? Prosecutors are trying to show that there was this pattern of violence. They're trying to corroborate Cassie and other victims' allegations of physical and sexual abuse. And when it comes to Brianna, she's testifying that she saw Diddy be violent towards Cassie and that, you know, also she experienced violence from him.


So it goes into that coercion element that you need for the sex trafficking. And She, according to the prosecution, provides some evidence of drug distribution allegations, which could go toward the charges against him. Right. When it comes to racketeering conspiracy, there are these predicate crimes that we've talked about that have to be proven at least two of them. And she is not the first person to testify that Diddy allegedly had people procuring drugs for him During Brianna's testimony. She describes some unsettling moments with Sean Combs. Tell us about some of them.


So this Was something that I had never heard before. Andrea. She described an incident in her testimony today in which Diddy was upset and he actually came into Cassie's apartment and threw a knife at her and it didn't hit her. But then Cassie throws the knife back not hitting him, and then Diddy swiftly leaving. But this is just another window into this incredibly violent relationship, and you're just hearing more and more incidents as the case goes on. Yeah. Tell Us about the devil. Well, It sounds like a movie. I've said that to you repeatedly. Brianna testified that at one point Diddy said to her, I am the devil and I can kill you.


She says that at the time she was taking cocaine, and she testified that she was terrified. You know, Diddy would allegedly come over late at night. He would just show up unannounced to Cassie's apartment, banging on the door really loudly. Brianna also testified that Combs would be watching Cassie in the sense of like always knowing where she is, that kind of thing, Right? So we've heard other witnesses allege that Diddy put a tracking device on Cassie's car and things like that. And although we don't have proof of it, when you're hearing Breonna testify that, I mean, he literally knew where they were on this one particular day.


He sent them all of the places where they were, that they were out shopping, getting their nails done, and it made them feel, according to her testimony, terrified there's A balcony incident associated with Brianna. Can you tell us about that? So we first learned all of these details, Andrea, in her civil suit, which she filed in 2024. And in that suit she talked about Diddy dangling her off of a 17th floor balcony and that this took place one night while Diddy was in a state of rage, she was banging on Cassie's apartment door and she actually was sleeping in the living room with her girlfriend.


She was crashing at Cassie's, and she actually told her girlfriend to go in the bathroom in motioned for her to be quiet because she knew that Diddy had a propensity for violence. And so she opened the door, she let him in, and she went onto the balcony and Diddy came up behind her. And you know, to put this into perspective, she testified, I'm five foot one, and he comes up behind her and lifts her up above his chest. And she actually gestured this during her testimony today saying, look, I weighed about a hundred to 115 pounds and my feet were on the rail. And she testified I was trying not to slip, pushing back on him because I was scared I was gonna fall. And for a second I thought I was going to fall.


And he was yelling at me and he kept saying, you know what the F you did. And she said, I had no idea what he was talking about and that he was holding her. She testified for 10 to 15 seconds, and I mean, look in the news business, Andrea, you and I know that three seconds, four seconds, five seconds can feel like an eternity. Do We know why Brianna is saying that? That Sean Combs held her over this balcony? She still doesn't seem to know what he was so upset about. Has Sean Combs responded to this allegation? So she filed a civil suit in November of 2024. This is a year after Cassie had filed her explosive suit and she claimed false imprisonment and emotional distress because of that alleged balcony incident.


Diddy had already been arrested at this point, and he put out a statement via his team saying that he was confident that they would ultimately prove that all of these allegations were baseless. She also testified today that she was working with a previous attorney and that person no longer represents her, that they had sent demand letters to Diddy, which is really common when you file a civil suit. And she actually said that around that time she got a FaceTime from a really good friend of hers who was a music producer, who was also friends with Cassie. He was sitting in Diddy's backyard and calling on behalf of Diddy, trying to talk about settling with her.


And she said, no, What is the status of her suit? So it's still ongoing and she's seeking $10 million in damages. And you're hearing this refrain over and over during this trial from Diddy's defense team saying that this is all about money when it comes to these victims testifying. It's a money grab. Alright, some more powerful testimony, Chloe, when we come back, the defense team tries to poke holes in Brianna's testimony and we've got a little nugget for you about the surveillance video at the heart of the case.


As your kid asked for help with homework or maybe your child's ahead of the curve getting bored in class, whether your kid is struggling or soaring, IXL can make a real difference. IXL is an award-winning online learning platform that helps kids really understand what they're learning. It covers math and language arts and science and social studies from pre-K all the way through the 12th grade. It's designed to be engaging, personalized and yes, actually fun with encouraging feedback that keeps kids motivated. Make an impact on your child's learning. Get IXL now and Dateline NBC listeners can get an exclusive 20% off IXL membership when they sign up today at IXL dot com slash dateline. Visit IXL dot com slash dateline to get their learning program at the best price.


Spring is the perfect season to grow. If you've ever thought about learning a new language, well now's the time. Rosetta Stone offers immersive language training and 25 languages to choose from, including Spanish, French, Italian, and Japanese. Enhanced by true accent technology that helps you perfect pronunciation and speak with greater clarity and confidence. Spring into something new with Rosetta Stone and start your language learning journey today. What language are you practicing? How long have you been practicing? What milestone have you achieved? Don't wait. Unlock your language learning potential. Now Dateline NBC listeners can grab Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off. That's unlimited access to 25 language courses for life. Visit Rosetta Stone dot com slash dateline to get started and claim your 50% off today.


You know it doesn't belong in your summer. Plans getting burned by your old wireless bill. Make the switch to Mint Mobile with plans starting at 15 bucks a month. Mint Mobile gives you premium wireless service on the nation's largest 5G network. All plans come with high speed data and unlimited talk and text the coverage and speed you're used to, but way less money. Ditch over price wireless and get three months of premium wireless service from Mint Mobile this year. Skip breaking a sweat and breaking the bank. Get your summer savings and shop premium wireless plans at mint mobile.com/dateline. That's mint mobile.com/dateline. Upfront payment of $45 for three months. Five gigabyte plan required equivalent to $15 a month. New customer offer for the first three months only. Then full price plan options, available, taxes and fees. Extra C meant mobile for details.


So the defense team started their cross-examination of Brianna by coming out hard against her and Cassie's drug use. This isn't the first time Cassie's drug use has come up in court. Correct. So I mean, we heard Brianna testified that she did a bunch of different drugs, you did ecstasy, she did cocaine with Diddy. This is something that the defense is trying to do in an effort to poke holes in the credibility of these individuals saying if you were on drugs, then how do you remember these incidents so clearly then? Right? Is this revisionist history? How else did the defense try to undermine Brianna's testimony? One of the other things that the defense pointed out is that Cassie, according to Brianna's testimony, was in the other room as this alleged incident took place with her being dangled over the balcony by Diddy.


And so what they were saying is, Cassie never saw you get hung over at the balcony, did she? And she even testified that she did not see this happen. And Brianna, when she was on the stand simply said, I don't remember The defense also talked about Brianna's meeting with prosecutors leading up to the trial. What were they trying to get at there? This is a strategy, Andrea, that is now becoming really clear to me when it comes to the defense, what they're doing is they're taking the transcripts of the meetings that these witnesses had with prosecutors leading up to their testimony and they're comparing the transcripts against what they're saying on the stand. And they're like, okay, so today you're coming and you're testifying about all these different things, but you never mentioned it to prosecutors or it took you months to bring something up to prosecutors like in the instance of Mia that we talked about, right?


Where Mia didn't tell prosecutors for almost two months that she had been sexually assaulted by calms. So you know, we're seeing this again, the defense questioning her. Why is your testimony today different than in the past? And you know it's gonna ultimately come down. What does the jury believe? Hmm, Chloe, as promised, before we go, we we've got some more information about that surveillance video. Most of us have probably seen by now showing Sean Combs beating Cassie up in the hotel hallway. That was back in 2016. What did you learn? So we talked yesterday about the security guard, Eddie Garcia, who testified that he handed over that USB drive that had the video to Diddy for money, right?


A hundred grand that he got in that brown bag. That raises a question though. We still don't know who gave the copy to CNN after We did the podcast yesterday. I was thinking that was the question that we needed to talk about. Where did it come from? And a government expert witness testified that prosecutors had given him copies of the surveillance footage to examine along with a cell phone recording of that surveillance video. So that means someone recorded that security video off the TV monitor, and we don't know who That wasn, was it Eddie who secretly held another copy? Chloe, Another security guard testified that he actually recorded the video, Right?


So remember at the beginning of the trial, Israel Flores, who was also a security guard at the hotel, he filmed the footage with his cell phone. So that could be what we're seeing, but we still don't have those answers because it didn't come up in his testimony. We just don't know. You can never guarantee that you got the only copy. That is for sure, Chloe. So what is next? Tomorrow is going to be a huge day. This is the last key witness that the government is putting on the stand. She is only known as Victim two or Jane AKA Jane Doe. She's another individual testifying under a pseudonym, a fake name.


It's in an effort to protect her identity and I'm sure we'll learn more tomorrow as to why she doesn't want her identity out there. Alright, Chloe, thank you on this Wednesday. We are inching our way through the week. Appreciate all of your updates from the courtroom. Thanks so much, only a few weeks left. Thank you for listening to everyone else and we'll be back with a new episode tomorrow. If you wanna read the latest developments and analysis from inside the courtroom, check out the NBC Newsletter Diddy on trial. Go to NBC News dot com slash diddy to find that on trials produced by Frannie Kelly with help from the Dateline True Crime Weekly team.


Our senior producers are Alison Orr and Liz Brown. Karloff Original music by Jesse McGinty. Paul Ryan is executive producer and Liz Cole is senior executive producer of Dateline.


Did you know 39% of teen drivers admit to texting while driving even scarier? Those who text are more likely to speed and run red lights. Shockingly, 94% know it's dangerous, but do it anyway. As a parent, you can't always be in the car, but you can stay connected to their safety With green light Infinities driving reports, monitor their driving habits, see if they're using their phone speeding and more. These reports provide real data for meaningful conversations about safety. Plus, with weekly updates, you can track their progress over time. Help keep your team safe. Sign up for Greenlight Infiniti at greenlight.com/podcast.