
Shop in store at Adidas and find the latest trends and iconic fits for Spring from Legendary Superstar and Samba kicks that Go with any outfit to the newest workout gear, shoes, and apparel. Find your nearest Adidas store and shop at all today.


Building a business may feel like a big jump, but OnDeck Small Business Loans can help keep you afloat with lines of credit Up to $100,000 in term loans up to 250,000. OnDeck lets you choose the loan that's right for your business. As a top rated online small business lender, OnDeck's team of loan advisors can help you find the right business loan to fit your needs. Visit OnDeck dot com for more information. Depending on certain loan attributes, your business loan may be issued by OnDeck or Celtic Bank. OnDeck does not land in North Dakota. All loans and amount subject to lender approval,


We all belong outside, we're drawn to nature. Whether it's the recorded sounds of the ocean we doze off to, or the succulents that adorn our homes, nature makes all of our lives well better. Despite all this, we often go about our busy lives removed from it, but the outdoors is closer than we realize. With all trails, you can discover trails nearby and explore confidently with offline maps and on trail navigation. Download the free app today.


This is on trial, a special series from Dateline True Crime Weekly, bringing you daily coverage from the Sean Combs racketeering trial. He has pleaded not guilty to all the charges against him. I'm Andrea Canning, and it's Tuesday, June 10th. Just a heads up. In this episode, we're going to be talking about some graphic details and harrowing subject matter today, the defense began its cross examination of Jane, the witness testifying under a pseudonym who dated Combs from 2021 until his arrest in September, 2024. He is still paying her rent and for her lawyer, and today she testified that she still loves him, but yesterday's testimony ended with her recounting a brutal beating.


She says he inflicted NBC news correspondent Chloe Malos has been in court today and she stepped outside to let us know how the defense is faring against Jane. Hey, Chloe. Hey Andrea. Chloe, Let's start with the end of Jane's testimony from yesterday afternoon. She was telling a story while we were actually taping last night's episode for the podcast. She was talking about a fight she says she had with Combs at her home in LA last June, and it sounded really intense. This was the first time that Jane testified about physical abuse during her relationship with Combs. And That wasn striking, there was so much jealousy in this relationship, and this is a common theme that we also heard from Cassie during her testimony, right?


That Cols is very open about living a polyamorous lifestyle. That's how he referred to it, that he had many lovers, many girlfriends, and he considered himself to be single. But the women that he was dating weren't always happy with that. And Jane, during her testimony, admitted that she called him a pedophile. She was very upset that he was dating someone that was 25, 27 years younger than him. And she testified that she actually started taking these pills of his and throwing them. And she was saying, I hate you. She threw candles at him and he in turn got very upset and that's when Jane testified that she tried to leave and so she locked herself away in the master bedroom and that he was allegedly calling her effing crazy.


And that's when she testified that he literally knocked one of the doors off its hinges, and that's when she ran to a closet. She locked the closet door and she testified. Next thing you know, he had her in a choke hold. He actually lifted her up by her neck off the ground. She was on her tippy toes. And so this was incredibly dramatic. Right. Has Combs gone on the record denying that he assaulted Jane? We haven't heard a denial from Combs when it comes to the violence with Jane. During opening statements, though, Teddy geragos, when of S'S attorneys who actually handled Jane's cross examination today was very open about the fact that they take ownership that Combs was violent and he's not proud of that.


They say he was violent, but he did not sex traffic. These women, he was violent, but he did not participate in a Rico conspiracy scheme. They are acknowledging that he did perpetrate domestic violence. That is the story of Jane and Sean Combs that the prosecution is leaving the jury with. This morning. The defense began their cross of her. How did they start out? Chloe Teddy Geragos led cross examination. She is the daughter of a very, very famous celebrity attorney, mark Geragos, who was in the courtroom. He actually is a former lawyer of Combs, so this is kind of like a all in the family affair.


We know that Combs has known 10 Geragos her entire life. She's the one who sits next to him on most days. He's always pulling her chair out for her when she comes up to the table. And So she pointed out something really important right out of the gate. Yeah. So Tenny Geragos is asking Jane about the fact that you know Combs is paying your legal fees. Yes. He's also paying your rent. She acknowledges that. She also points out that Jane was granted immunity by the government, and clearly now we have a better idea of how Jane wound up on the stand. Officers from the Department of Homeland Security were the ones who actually found Jane.


She testified that she didn't initially want to cooperate and speak with them, but then that's when they granted her immunity and then she went and spoke before the grand jury. And here we are today. The Defense got into Jane's feelings about combs. I mean, it seems to me like they went pretty deep with her. Andrea, this goes back to the complicated dynamic that you're seeing between Jane and Combs. They were dating right up until his arrest last year. This is very fresh. You know, it's only been months, right? Not years like with Cassie who's moved on, or some of these individuals that haven't, you know, seen him in years and he was actually nodding along and smiling at different points.


I, I think that this actually creates a lot of confusion. Yeah, That wasn really surprising when I heard that, that he is still paying a lot of her bills. She talked all about that she participated in these hotel nights because she loved calms. She testified that she felt that her partner, meaning Calms, was trusting me in a vulnerable moment and made me believe that this was special because I was the only one doing these hotel nights with him. I'm paraphrasing here, but she also testified that she didn't wanna judge him for the things that he liked. Now, Tenny Geragos really impressing her on that saying, how did that trust make you feel?


And Jane testified that she broke all of her own boundaries to make him feel loved in those times And that she still loves him. Right? Yes. That was such a big moment, Andrea, because Tenny Grigo says in the end, you loved him, right? And she said, yes. And then Tenny Grigo says, currently, she says, I do. Wow. It just seems like every day they, like I said, they go deep in that courtroom laying bare everyone's soul almost. It's crazy. Right? But again, did he force her into these hotel nights? Because there's also moments when Jane testified today saying that she hired some of these escorts without Combs telling her to do it.


And that's because she said that she felt there was an expectation, but is an expectation being forced, is that enough to prove sex trafficking? Yeah. It seems like the defense is making a case that the hotel nights weren't as bad as Jane is making them out to be. Right. One of the things that Teddy Ggo spent a few minutes on today was, okay, so there were some hotel nights where you guys were making small talk with these escorts to which Jane testified, yes, we would talk for sometimes like 20, 30 minutes about their lives. She talked about being attracted to some of these escorts and enjoying them, enjoying their personalities, getting to know them over the years. Yeah. And the defense asked Jane to read more text messages and they, they played more phone calls.


Unfortunately, they did not release the new phone calls, but they were played in court and they sounded very loving. Right? There was one voice note in particular that was played today in which Combs says to her, like, I had so much fun with you, I want you to get your rest this week. I want you to like get back to your routine. I'm paraphrasing here, but it's not him holding a metaphorical gun to her head. Right. And so is the fact that she did not want him to stop paying her rent enough to prove sex trafficking. When we come back today, the defense also asked Jane about her observations of combs over their three years together, what she had to say about Dateline.


Welcome back to Listen to Your Heart. I'm Jerry, and I'm Jerry's heart. Today's topic, Repatha Evolocumab heart. Why'd you pick this one? Well, Jerry, for people who have had a heart attack, like US, diet and exercise might not be enough to lower the risk of another one. Okay. To help, no. If we're at risk, we should be getting our LDLC, our bad cholesterol checked and talking to our doctor. I'm listening. And if it's still too high, Repatha can be added to a statin to lower our LDLC and our heart attack risk. Hmm. Guess it's time to ask about Repatha. Do not take Repatha if you are allergic to it. Serious allergic reactions can occur. Get medical help right away if you have trouble breathing or swallowing, swelling of the face, lips, tongue, throat, or arms. Common side effects include runny nose, sore throat, common cold symptoms, flu or flu-like symptoms, back pain, high blood sugar, and redness, pain or bruising at the injection site. Listen To your heart. Ask your doctor about Repatha. Learn more@repatha.com or Call one 8 4 4 Repatha.


Building a business may feel like a big jump, but OnDeck Small Business Loans can help keep you afloat with lines of credit up to $100,000 in term loans up to 250,000 OnDeck lets you choose the loan that's right for your business. As a top rated online small business lender, OnDeck's team of loan advisors can help you find the right business loan to fit your needs. Visit OnDeck dot com for more information. Depending on certain loan attributes, your business loan may be issued by OnDeck or Celtic Bank. OnDeck does not land in North Dakota. All loans and amounts subject to lender approval,


We all belong outside. We're drawn to nature. Whether it's the recorded sounds of the ocean we doze off to, or the succulents that adorn our homes, nature makes all of our lives well better. Despite all this, we often go about our busy lives removed from it, but the outdoors is closer than we realize. With all trails, you can discover trails nearby and explore confidently with offline maps and on trail navigation. Download the free app today.


Welcome back. A big part of Jane's testimony today was how hard she tried to keep Combs happy after hotel nights were over. That was her favorite time with him, and She said She really pampered him and indulged in one of his favorite TV shows, Chloe one that we know very well. So turns out, Andrea, they had a routine after these freak offs or hotel nights where she'd make sure that she got him back home. She would bathe him, she would cook for him, she'd give him foot rubs, and then she would turn on his favorite show. Teddy Grigo said, can you tell us what that favorite show is?


And that's when Jane said, Dateline. It's just wow. I mean, when I heard that, I just thought, oh my goodness. Got a lot of laughs in the overflow room that I was in with all of the members of the public and media that, you know, couldn't make it into the actual courtroom. So yes. Yeah, everybody was laughing and whispering and talking about it because That wasn just so like we're all humans. And these are those moments in which like, kind of like that catchphrase stars are just like us, right? Like he's watching Dateline. Yeah. He is getting foot rubs. Yes. Things took a very serious turn. Chloe, the defense, started a line of questioning about Combs drug use.


Where were they going with that? Jane testified that she, in hindsight, believes that Combs was a drug addict. She testified that when they first started dating in 2021, she noticed a lot of signs that he was in bad health. She testified that when they were on a private jet, and she was sitting across from him that she felt like his eyes indicated that he had a condition called jaundice, right? That's where like your eyes can get kind of yellow and like you skin discoloration, that his gums were gray from drug use, right? So potentially like from cocaine use or the ecstasy, and that his hands were shaking, she believes, due to alcoholism. And she testified that she had actually suggested that he go to a rehab facility that she had a connection to in Thailand, but that he just totally dismissed the idea.


Did. Has he ever commented publicly on drug or alcohol Use? He's talked about going to rehab and getting help after Cassie's explosive civil suit in 2023. And remember, eventually he did that apology video after the security footage of him beating her leaked. That's when he started talking about all the ways in which he was trying to get help. Do You think that the defense is maybe trying to prove Combs wasn't responsible for some of his actions because he was possibly on drugs or possibly had an addiction problem? I think that there's a really good chance that we might see some experts testify when S'S team puts on their case, who are gonna talk about how these drugs alter your state of mind that he was a drug addict and that he is a broken human being who needed help and never got the help that he needed.


Maybe they'll talk about his childhood, his dad being murdered at a very young age. I mean, who knows where they'll go with this, but I do think that they are going to try to lean heavily on him not being in the right state of mind. Right? The defense it appears, is trying to frame these hotel nights as sexual fetishes of combs rather than criminal sex trafficking acts. Jane stood on the stand today that after Combs introduced her to what she called this lifestyle, she did some research. She said that when she started Googling around what she found was called a coupled. And she testified that that's a man, or you know, an individual who wants to watch their partner receive pleasure and that they get pleasure out of watching that.


And 10 Ggo said, well, you know, we've heard it actually be referred to as voyeurism. And Jane testified that that was not really something that she researched, that this was what she researched, and that she actually found that one of the reasons why he might enjoy watching her get pleasure with these male escorts is that perhaps he was bicurious and that he wasn't ready to explore that physically himself, and that he fulfilled those desires by watching her engage in these sex acts with these male escorts. So look, we have never heard anyone testify so far that he engaged in any sort of sexual acts with these men, but this has come up multiple times in these civil suits, all of which combs through his legal team have denied and just blasted as money grabs.


Hmm. Is Jane going to continue with cross examination tomorrow? Yeah, so she'll be on the stand until Thursday. Okay. Chloe, thank you so much for this, another very interesting and salacious day in federal court. Thanks for having me. Thanks for listening. We'll be back with a new episode tomorrow. If you wanna read the latest developments and analysis from inside the courtroom, check out the NBC newsletter, Didion trial. Go to NBC News dot com slash diddy to find that On trial is produced by Franny Kelly with help from the Dateline True Crime Weekly team. Our senior producers are Alison Orr and Liz Brown.


Koff Original music by Jesse McGinty. Paul Ryan is executive producer and Liz Cole is senior executive producer of Dateline Line.


Hi, five Casino is the top sweepstakes casino that's free to play. Sign up today to receive a free welcome bonus and exclusive first purchase offers. Choose the Lucky Deal package for 9 99 and claim up to 550 Game coins 33 sweeps coins, one Sweep coin daily bonus for four days and 350 diamonds. Your high five moment awaits at high five. casino.com. No purchase necessary void warp prohibited by Lamas. Be 21 years or older. Terms and conditions apply.