
Did you know 39% of teen drivers admit to texting while driving? Even scarier? Those who text are more likely to speed and run red lights. Shockingly, 94% know it's dangerous, but do it anyway. As a parent, you can't always be in the car, but you can stay connected to their safety with green light infinities driving reports, monitor their driving habits, see if they're using their phone speeding, and more. These reports provide real data for meaningful conversations about safety. Plus, with weekly updates, you can track their progress over time. Help keep your team safe. Sign up for Greenlight Infinity at greenlight.com/podcast.


Avoiding your unfinished home projects because you're not sure where to start. Thumbtack knows homes, so you don't have to. Don't know. The difference between matte paint, finish and satin, or what that clunking sound from your dryer is With Thumbtack, you don't have to be a home pro, you just have to hire one. You can hire top rated pros. See price estimates and read reviews all on the app. Download today.


We all belong outside. We're drawn to nature. Whether it's the recorded sounds of the ocean we doze off to, or the succulents that adorn our homes, nature makes all of our lives well better. Despite all this, we often go about our busy lives removed from it, but the outdoors is closer than we realize. With all trails, you can discover trails nearby and explore confidently with offline maps and on trail navigation. Download the free app today.


This is on trial, a special series from Dateline True Crime Weekly, bringing you daily coverage from the Sean Combs racketeering trial. He has pleaded not guilty to all the charges against him. I'm Andrea Canning, and it's Thursday, June 5th. Just a heads up. In this episode, we're going to be talking about some graphic details and harrowing subject matter today. The prosecution's last key witness began her testimony. The judge has allowed her to testify under a pseudonym to avoid harassment. She's being called Jane in the courtroom, and the judge has asked the press to be very careful about revealing her identity. So we are not going to describe her. What we can tell you is that the government's third superseding indictment against Sean Combs lists her as victim.


Number two, the prosecution alleges that Combs recruited her and used force fraud and coercion to get her to engage in commercial sex acts. They're alleging that Combs replaced Cassie Ventura in freak offs with Jane, and some of those happened as recently as last year. NBC News correspondent Chloe MOAs has been in the courthouse this afternoon and she's stepped out to bring us the latest. Hey, Chloe. Hey, Andrea. It's been an intense day in downtown Manhattan. Even before Jane took the stand, there was some drama with Sean Combs himself. Tell us about it. So the Judge told Diddy, if you continue to look at the jury and make faces any sort of expression at all, I'm gonna kick you out of the courtroom and you're not gonna be able to be here.


And Diddy just said, yes, judge. I understand. So during testimony of Brianna Bonin, I guess Diddy was nodding and really shaking his head and making eye contact with the jury, Brianna, who claims that combs dangled her over a balcony. Yes. And her testimony really had a lot of holes today on cross examination, Andrea. It's what a ton of journalists were buzzing about outside of the courthouse, that That wasn a big day for the defense. Okay. Is this the first time Chloe, that combs has been scolded for doing something like this by the judge? I've Been in the courtroom most days and I have never seen anything like this happen.


But I do wanna give you the perspective of somebody that's literally had their eyes glued to him the entire time. And that's court artist Jane Rosenberg. She's the one that, one of the individuals that draws all of those court sketches that you see. She's had her eyes in binoculars on him for over a month, and she told NBC news that Diddy has been making facial expressions both affirmatively and negatively, depending on the testimony. Now I've seen that, I mean, I've seen him look directly at the jury. I've seen him nod his head. I'm not sure exactly what happened that was escalated. Things so much combs, Defense attorney told the judge he would make sure that that did not happen again. So Chloe, after lunch, Jane victim number two, according to the prosecution, finally took the stand.


What did you learn about her? And of course, we, we already told you off the top, we have to be careful about not revealing too much about this woman. Right. So I'm not going to describe what she looks like. I know who she is. I know her backstory, but that's because I've been covering all of this for a couple of years now. She dated Diddy from 2021 up until his arrest in 2024, and she seemed really nervous and she actually started to cry. At some points. You learned that they apparently had goofy nicknames for each other. Yes. So she testified that she met Diddy in Miami because her friend was actually dating him, and that they exchanged numbers on the DL and that they decided to have nicknames for each other.


And they came up with Burt and Ernie. Interesting. And Maureen Comey, the prosecutor, who is very serious, is like, you mean like Sesame Street? Yeah. That wasn like the sort of light funny moment for a split second. Yeah. Who doesn't know Burt and Ernie. And so she said that on the stand that their first date in Miami lasted five Days. So according to Jane's testimony, they continued to text each other and FaceTime each other and talk on the phone in the weeks after she first met him. And that her friend actually was seeing other people during the same time and got engaged and moved overseas quite quickly.


And that's when Jane felt like That wasn safe to start dating Diddy. So she tells Diddy that she's gonna be in Miami for an event. He pays for her hotel, and she ends up meeting up with him and they have sex on the first night, and they end up having sex for the next five days. And it's interspersed with dinners, beach walks. And she says that she's really falling head over heels for him. The prosecutor asked Jane to describe the next three months of their relationship. She said that they did a lot of drugs. They went on a trip shortly after that five day first date, they went to Turks and Caicos, then they went to The Bahamas. And she testified that she did everything from ecstasy to Molly with Diddy, and that she did so much ecstasy that at one point she lost her sense of self on the beach.


But she said that she continued to take ecstasy every 12 hours. Wow. And at times, I mean, this testimony reads like a tawdry sex novel. She's talking about their sexual encounters and the details involved with that. So on one hand, Jane is testifying that she's falling in love with him, but they're having a lot of sex, watching a lot of pornography. And that Diddy wants her in very scandalous lingerie in what she called stripper heels. And that while they were watching pornography over the next couple of months, he would start to get more bold with her. And she testified that he started to say, can you imagine yourself with one of these men?


You know, would you ever wanna have sex with another man? I'd love to watch you with another man. Sounds like the beginning of a freak off. Exactly. Tell us about, you know, where that went, him introducing this idea of more people. So That wasn actually at this moment in her testimony, Andrea, that Jane began to cry and she paused for several long seconds and took a tissue to her eyes and looked down at the floor and testified that when she was watching pornography, while having sex with Diddy, that he said to her, you know, can you imagine yourself with one of these men?


Would you ever wanna do this? And she said that. She just said, okay, because this was a man that she loved. She could tell he was getting turned on and she wanted to make him happy. And Jane testified that she went into the bathroom. When she came out, Diddy was wearing a robe and intensely looking at his cell phone. And then within the next few hours, they went to a hotel in Miami and an escort showed up by the name of Dawn from a company called Cowboys for Angels. Jane testified that the next day she felt excited, you know, that That wasn something she'd never done before. But she also testified that she thought this was a one-time thing. Right. So also, I just wanna point out that during her testimony, She said She had already been up for about 24 hours at this point.


She agreed to have sex with somebody else, and she testified that she was on drugs, she was high, and they went to this hotel. And when she and Diddy got to that hotel, she testified that she saw assistance there, but she couldn't remember their names, setting up the baby oil, making sure that there were beverages in the room. She didn't talk about lighting or cameras or drugs. But again, this is that part of the Ricoh conspiracy charge because the prosecutors want you to believe that Diddy was telling his minions, right, the people that worked for him, his employees, to go and set up these hotel rooms for freak offs.


You know, that they were aware of the escorts, you know, that they were a part of this illegal activity, and they have to get him on multiple predicate crimes to prove Rico conspiracy, which we've talked about a lot. And Jane testified that she tried to tell Comb she didn't wanna do any more free coughs. Yeah. So she testified that That wasn like opening Pandora's box, that that set the tone for the rest of the relationship. And That wasn a door that she could never shut. But she wanted to, 90% of her relationship over the next few years centered around these encounters with escorts. And that she told him repeatedly, both verbally and in writing whatever that means, that she didn't wanna do it.


She says he threatened her. Yes. So she testified that Diddy was paying for her rent, and that when she told him, you know, do we have to keep doing this? I don't really wanna do this anymore, that he said to her, okay, well, how many more months of rent do you need? Because I'm not gonna pay for somebody's rent that isn't my girlfriend and isn't doing these things. And then Maureen, the prosecutor, said, well, were you trying to break up with Diddy? And she said, no, that she just wanted to have sex with just Diddy. She didn't wanna have sex with these escorts, but he was holding the rent over her head, which goes to sex trafficking. You're talking about force fraud, coercion.


He's coercing her into these freak offs because he is holding the rent over her. Yeah. This is the prosecution's argument. It seems like the, the key here is like, is it coercion or did she feel obligated? You know, is there a difference there? I mean, one's pretty serious. I saw some different journalists turning around in the overflow and they were whispering to each other and they were mouthing the phrase, this is really muddy. So it is muddy. There's a lot of gray in this entire case. But what sort of text messages, what sort of emails does she have to back up that she didn't wanna participate?


I do find it interesting that she was still with him up until his arrest. So it's a big question for me. As somebody who's been covering this for so many years now, what made her want to be a witness for the prosecution? What changed? So we expect her to take the stand tomorrow and for several days next week. And we've been told that there are a lot of explicit text messages, photos, and videos. And the defense clearly will get their shot at cross-examining her. And I'm sure they are eager to do that. Chloe, when we come back on our weekly show, Dateline True Crime Weekly, the episode that came out this morning, we played my interview with one of the courtrooms sketch artists from Com's trial.


We're going to play you a bit more from that interview. How she sketches anonymous witnesses.


Did you know 39% of teen drivers admit to texting while driving? Even scarier? Those who text are more likely to speed and run red lights. Shockingly, 94% know it's dangerous, but do it anyway. As a parent, you can't always be in the car, but you can stay connected to their safety with Greenlight Infinity's driving reports, monitor their driving habits, see if they're using their phone speeding, and more. These reports provide real data for meaningful conversations about safety. Plus, with weekly updates, you can track their progress over time. Help keep your team safe. Sign up for Greenlight Infinity at greenlight.com/podcast.


We all belong outside. We're drawn to nature. Whether it's the recorded sounds of the ocean we doze off to, or the succulents that adorn our homes, nature makes all of our lives well better. Despite all this, we often go about our busy lives removed from it, but the outdoors is closer than we realize. With all trails, you can discover trails nearby and explore confidently with offline maps and on trail navigation. Download the free app today


At Strayer University. We help students like you go from will I to why not? For over 130 years we've been innovating higher education to make it more affordable, accessible, and attainable. So you can reach your goals. Go from thinking, can I to? Yes I can. And keep striving. Visit strayer.edu to learn more. Strayer University is certified to operate in Virginia by Chauvin as many campuses, including at 2121 15th Street North in Arlington, Virginia.


Welcome back everybody. This is Christine Cornell. People Are fascinating. The stories are fascinating. It's always a challenge. And when you're lucky you make art. And this is a piece of our interview, a little more about her experience drawing Sean Combs federal trial over the past month. When you're drawing them, are you just trying to get it right, like as close as you can? Or are you trying to capture like more of a feeling or what you know? Is it, can you describe that? It's both things. You know, you wanna have an accurate drawing that really resembles them. Mm. And you wanna capture a little bit of the dynamic of the courtroom, you know? Yeah. You can't help but feel that there was a tension between P Diddy and, you know, Cassie.


Yeah. I could see it on her, you know, 'cause you know, she, she held her own, but she wept a little. And Diddy, of course is fighting for his life. Yeah. So, you know, he's in, he's in warrior mode. Yeah. So you're trying to capture also some personality there then as well, state of mind. Sure. You know, not only are you drawing the defendant, but you're also capturing other things in the courtroom as well. The judge, or there's the lawyers or the jury. Obviously you can't show the jury, but You know, you can draw them. You just don't, can't draw them in Any detail. In any detail. Okay. You know, I did one yesterday because I've been asked a lot, how's the jury reacting? Yeah. And I think they were incredibly pained by Steel's cross-examination of Mia.


Ah, because she was shrunk into herself. She kept her head down. I've never seen a, a witness not make eye contact with anybody in the courtroom. Given that Mia is her, not her p real name pseudonym, were you allowed to this? No, if I not allowed to. Were you allowed To Even, even her like bent over or? No, you know, she, I, I drew, you know, a triangle that was the color of her skin with her hair falling across her face. This is all fascinating. You know, there are times where we know that sketch artists get critical feedback sometimes for the Most part. I get a lot of affirmation, you know? Yeah. Puffy combs, mom is sitting behind me.


Mm. And she tapped me on the shoulder and gave me a thumbs up. She likes the way I'm drawing her son. Really? And I said, well, ma'am, do you mind if I draw you? And she right away started posing for me. Oh my goodness. Well, thank, thank you so much for doing this interview. You're A sweetheart. Thank You. Oh, thanks. Just super interesting. If you wanna take a look at some of Christine's sketches, you can find them on our website at dateline true crime weekly.com. Chloe, back with you. Thank you so much as always, for bringing us all your color from the courthouse and the courtroom. Thanks Andrea. Thank you for listening, everyone. We'll be back with a new episode tomorrow.


If you wanna read the latest developments and analysis from inside the courtroom, check out the NBC newsletter, Didion trial, go to NBC News dot com slash diddy. Find that on trial is produced by Franny Kelly with help from the Dateline True Crime Weekly team. Our senior producers are Alison Orr and Liz Brown. Karloff Original music by Jesse McGinty. Paul Ryan is executive producer and Liz Cole is senior executive producer of Dateline.


Did you know 39% of teen drivers admit to texting while driving? Even scarier? Those who text are more likely to speed and run red lights. Shockingly, 94% know it's dangerous, but do it anyway. As a parent, you can't always be in the car, but you can stay connected to their safety. With Greenlight Infinity's driving reports, monitor their driving habits, see if they're using their phone speeding, and more. These reports provide real data for meaningful conversations about safety. Plus, with weekly updates, you can track their progress over time. Help keep your team safe. Sign up for Greenlight Infiniti at greenlight.com/podcast.