
Sitting through a lecture won't sharpen the people skills required to lead a company. That's why at UVA Darden, the moment you set foot on grounds, you are immersed in a dialogue driven environment that simulates real world business scenarios and calls for real leadership action. Our top ranked faculty design a curriculum that empowers you to lead your peers, manage teams, and drive measurable results. Ranked the number one public business school in the country. Darden stands apart, not just for what we teach, but how UVA Darden not business school as usual.


Hey, this is Jeff Lewis from Radio Andy Live and Uncensored catch me talking with my friends about my latest obsessions, relationship issues and bodily ailments. With that kind of drama that seems to follow me, you never know what's going to happen. You can listen to Jeff Lewis live at home or anywhere you are. Download the SiriusXM app for over 425 channels of ad free music, sports, entertainment, and more. Subscribe now and get three months free offer. Details apply


If you work as a manufacturing facilities engineer. Installing a new piece of equipment can be as complex as the machinery itself from prep work to alignment and testing. It's your team's job to put it all together. That's why it's good to have Grainger on your side with industrial grade products and next day delivery. Granger helps ensure you have everything you need close at hand through every step of the installation. Call one 800 Grainger click Granger dot com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


This is on trial, a special series from Dateline True Crime Weekly, bringing you daily coverage from the Sean Combs racketeering trial. He has pleaded not guilty to all the charges against him. I'm Andrea Canning, and it's Tuesday, May 27th. Just a heads up. In this episode, we're going to be talking about some graphic details and harrowing subject matter. Week three at the federal courthouse began with one of the most dramatic prosecution witnesses so far. Her name is Capricorn Clark. She worked on and off for Sean Combs for about 14 years. Clark struggled to find the words as she described what She said. She witnessed combs due to Cassie Ventura and what she claimed he did to her.


NBC News correspondent, Chloe Moos was in the courtroom for this dramatic testimony and she's now out to tell us what she heard. Hey Chloe. Hey Andrea. Let's Start. Just tell us more about who Capricorn Clark is and what she did for Sean Combs. So she is somebody who was friends with Diddy before she actually started to work for him. They met around 2002, she says it might have been 2001, but in 2004 she officially joined Bad Boy and her first role was being Diddy's personal assistant. And She said that Combs threatened her pretty early on in this, in this role. Yeah. So she says that on the first day of working for him, that Diddy actually took her on a walk through Central Park with a member of his security team.


And he threatened her because she was close with Suge Knight, who we've talked about before, and is a major rival of his. And that he said to her, if something happens, I'm gonna have to kill you. Oh my gosh. And she is saying this that as though Combs is being serious, right? This is, he's not joking around here. According To her. No. She said that he was completely serious, straight faced and she took it as a real threat to her life. But that, you know, this was a once in a lifetime opportunity to work for Diddy and she just tried to maintain the piece. Oh my goodness. Okay. And just like we heard from the assistant last week, she also said she learned so much from Combs.


So there's, there's a positive side to this as well, right, Chloe? Yeah, so I mean she had all sorts of different roles. At one point she was the director of marketing for Sean John Women's. Then she went on to become the global brand director for several years for Sean Combs. So I mean, she held some massive titles within the company. So We actually heard Capricorn Clark's name for the first time last week. She was brought up during Kid Cuddy's testimony. And just a reminder, kid Cudi is com's romantic rival with Cassie. Basically Cassie was cheating on Diddy with Kid Cudi. Diddy found out because Cassie had a burner phone, she had a separate phone that she was using to communicate with Kid Cuddy.


And we heard this not only in Cassie's testimony, but we also heard this in Kid Cuddy's testimony last week. But today is really the first time that I had learned that Capricorn Clark is the one that actually took Cassie to Best Buy to buy her this burner phone so that she could essentially live this double life. Or another way to look at it is to get out from the clutches of Diddy and live her authentic life. Yeah. With someone that she was falling in love with, which was Kid Cudi. Yeah, this is almost like a, a soap opera, but it's real life. Capricorn knew about the relationship between Cassie and Cudi. Not only did she know about it, she actually thought that Cassie was putting their lives in danger.


She actually said she thought that they were going to get killed because Cassie was being just kind of so nonchalant and not really hiding the relationship because she was texting about Kid Cudi and two Kid Cudi on a phone that was paid for by Diddy. But it wasn't long. Andrea, before Diddy found out about that burner phone, because Cassie spent the night with Diddy in a hotel room and he found the phone. And This is of course, according to Capricorn's testimony. What did Capricorn say happened on the day? Combs went over to Cuddy's house. Diddy at like five in the morning goes to Capricorn's apartment and starts banging on her door with a gun and is like, let's go get dressed.


We're gonna go kill Kid Cudi. This all sounds just so unbelievable. What does she say happened next? She says that she got dressed and she didn't wanna go, but that she went, she was worried he had a gun. He was furious, and she jumped into this black Escalade that was waiting in her parking garage and they started the 20 minute drive to Kid Cuddy's house. She actually on the stand, characterized it as a kidnapping, is that correct? Yes, She did. But it's not like she was bound her feet in her hands and like thrown into the trunk of a car. Like someone might think that's what a kidnapping looks like. But he had a gun and she felt like she was being forced against her.


Will Have we heard Combs side to the kidnapping allegation. Does he deny it? Not only does he deny it, mark Magnio, one of Combs defense attorneys said on cross-examination today, he said to Capricorn, didn't you willingly go with him because you wanted to make sure he didn't do something stupid? So see, there are two sides to every Story. Yes, yes. All right. So Capricorn testified that she stayed in the car when they got to Cuddy's house and that she saw Combs and two members of his security team go into Cuddy's House. What happened next? She says that she called Cassie on her burner phone and was like, you need to know what is going on right now.


I'm in front of Kid Cuddy's house. And Kid Cuddy was in the background and could hear this conversation and was like, what do you mean he's inside my house? And that's when Kid Cuddy jumped in his Porsche to confront Diddy. Meanwhile, she changes Cassie's name in her phone to a friend of hers because she was so worried that Diddy was gonna find out that she called her. And lo and behold, when he got back into the Escalade, what did he do? He said, who were you on the phone with? I mean, it's like he's omnipresent. How did he know? And then he finds out that kid Cuddy is on the way. And now a twist, a plot twist. Kid Cuddy had said that he went to his house, didn't find Combs, got in his car to look for combs and never found him.


But today, Capricorn Clark says, kid Cudi actually rolled up on them in his car, made eye contact with them, and then he sped off and then they actually chased him and there was a car chase for several minutes. And then Kid Cudi, I guess in his Porsche, he outran the Escalade. And then all of a sudden they saw these sirens. 'cause remember Kid Cudi testified last week that he had called 9 1 1? Yeah. Because he was worried about what Combs could do. And so when Diddy saw the sirens, that's when he got really calm according to Capricorn. And they left. Hmm. So Diddy's attorneys, they and Diddy, he denies the alleged kidnapping. Did they have something to say about this whole story? About the The chase?


So they're not calling it a kidnapping, they're also saying that this didn't happen. They're also not calling it a break-in, they're calling it a trespassing 'cause there's no signs of forced entry. But they're also saying there's no proof, there's nothing on Kid Cuddy's surveillance cameras. There were no signs of forced entry. And we should be clear as well that Kid Cudi did not talk about this car chase on the stand. So this is just coming from her. Correct. Lots of new information today when Capricorn started to talk. So The next part of Capricorn's testimony got really emotional. She said that Combs refused to let her go unless Cassie came back to him.


Yeah. So she tells Cassie, look, he's not gonna let me leave unless you meet up with him. And so Cassie agrees, and Capricorn actually gets into a staff car of Diddy's and goes to pick up Cassie. And then she says Capricorn, that when Cassie did come back, Sean Combs beat her. Diddy is wearing a bathrobe and underwear and he's livid. And right as they make their way into the entry of this mansion of his Diddy allegedly starts just kicking her violently and just kicking her over and over. And she falls into this fetal position and he somehow kicks her all the way from the front of the house to the street.


And that Capricorn Clark is just begging Diddy to stop, starts calling members of his security team, telling them to call Diddy and get him to stop and he won't stop. And nobody is calling Diddy's phone that she can see. So then she actually ends up leaving the premises 'cause Diddy's like, get outta here. And so as she's leaving, she calls Cassie's mom, Regina Ventura and is like, your daughter is being beaten within an inch of her life. You need to call 9 1 1. Sean Combs has denied all of this. Everything that you're talking about, he's saying that this didn't happen. Yes, he's denying it all. Did Capricorn ever tell anyone about this incident that she says she witnessed between Combs and Cassie?


She says that she told Harv Pierre the president of Bad Boy in March of 2012. And she says that he just said to her, that's crazy, but it's all gonna be okay. Capricorn had another incident to talk about on the stand. She talked about being locked in a room in one of Combs office buildings after some jewelry went missing. This is a wild story. So this is shortly after she starts working for Diddy. They were on their way to Miami when a bunch of jewelry from Jacob, the jeweler, if you know Jacob the jeweler. Yeah. He is a big time celebrity jeweler. He's known for his like big flashy diamond pieces. These very expensive items that were on loan went missing.


And she was the last person to have them. And when they couldn't find the jewelry, that's when she was taken to this building that was under renovation. And they take her to the sixth floor of this building, they lock the door, she claims to the front of the building behind her. And when she goes inside, there's this like huge man sitting at a table that he's so large that he doesn't even stand up, and that he's chain smoking cigarettes and drinking black coffee. That wasn such a great visual description, Andrea, and that he proceeds to give her a lie detector test for five days. So she does go home in the evening, but that she is subjected to just repeatedly answering questions about the jewelry and that That wasn inconclusive like every single time.


What Does she say about the jewelry? Did does she deny that she took the jewelry? Yeah. I mean she repeatedly denies that she had anything to do with it, but she actually said that this heavy set man whose name she doesn't know, said to her, if you fail this test, they meaning Combs is gonna throw you into the East River, meaning that she could lose her life. Wow. And do we have any response from Combs side or any of these people? I feel like the prosecution is laying the groundwork for these individuals to take the stand. And I feel like one or some of them have flipped and that they have gotten immunity because they have been mentioned and their photos have been shown so many times.


But again, did he denies all of this? Chloe, The way you're describing it, it sounds like a mob movie. It sounds like Goodfellas. Yeah. We're gonna leave that there for now. When we come back. Capricorn faces a very tough cross-examination as the defense confronts her with her own emails


When everything else keeps getting pricier, like paying the bills or buying groceries. Good RX can help keep your prescription costs low. From diabetes to allergy relief to heart health. Save up to 80% on prescriptions for you and your family pets too. Check good Rx before every trip to the pharmacy for big savings on both brand and generic medications. GoodRx is free, easy to use. Just search for your prescription on the website or the app, compare prices and get a free coupon to show your pharmacist. Use GoodRx to save at over 70,000 local pharmacies nationwide. Remember, GoodRx is not insurance but works whether you have insurance or not. And it could beat your insurance copay price. Beat high prices at the pharmacy and save up to 80% with GoodRx. Go to goodrx.com/dateline. That's goodrx.com/dateline.


This is Comedy Bang Bang, the podcast, the promo. And in 30 seconds I'm gonna tell you why you should check out the show. I the host, Scott Ackerman. Have a lighthearted conversation with famous celebrities like John Ham, Alison Williams, Phoebe Bridgers, Jason Alexander, Natasha Leone, Bob Odin, Kirk, just to name a few things, go a little off the rails when different eccentric characters and oddballs drop by to be interviewed as well. Each week is a blend of conversations and character work from your favorite comedians, as well as some new hilarious voices. Comedy Bang Bang, the podcast. Listen, every Monday, wherever you get your podcasts,


Nearly home isn't home where we all wanna be. Reba here for realtor.com. The pros, number one, most trusted app. Finding a home is like dating. You're not just looking for a place to live, you're searching for the one. That's where realtor.com comes in. Like any good matchmaker, they know exactly where to look. With over 500,000 new real listing straight from the pros every month, you could find your perfect match today. Ranch style with a pool barn dominion with an in-law suite. Realtor dot com's got 'em. Modern craftsman with a big yard and a tree house. Outback realtor.com will have you saying, yep, that's the one. No more swiping. It's time to start finding. Download the realtor.com app today because you're nearly home. Make it real with realtor.com. Pro's, number one, most trusted app based on August, 2024. Proprietary survey. Over 500,000 new listings every month based on average, new for sale and rental listings. February, 2024 through January, 2025.


Welcome back, everyone. On cross examination. The defense asked the question, I think a lot of us are asking is, why did Capricorn keep working for Combs if she says these horrible things were happening? Well, I think a lot of it comes down to money, right? And access. When you're working for someone like Diddy, I mean, everyone who has worked for him so far says that they learned so much from him. And on the other hand, she also says that she tried to get other jobs and she couldn't. So she kept coming back to work for Diddy because she just couldn't find a job that either paid as well or really could her the opportunities that Diddy did.


And also after the Kid Cudi incident, she was fired for allegedly putting in vacation days wrong. She says that she lost everything. She was really crying while she talked about this, losing her 401k, her credit card losing her car, and Diddy was even actually like paying for her home. So everything was tied to Diddy and working at Bad Boy. And Capricorn did go back to work for Bad Boy in 2016 as Cassie's creative director. She says she needed the money, she couldn't get another job that Diddy had actually blacklisted her from getting other jobs in 2012. So she went back and she worked as Cassie's creative director and was really trying to turn her into this star that she wanted to be.


The defense showed emails where Capricorn asks Combs to forgive her. What's that about? As recently as last year, she approached Diddy's legal team and ask to be his chief of staff amid this criminal investigation. Chloe, thank you so much for again, all of your incredible insight from the courthouse. Thanks for having me. Thanks everyone for listening. We'll be back with a new episode tomorrow. If you wanna read the latest developments and analysis from inside the courtroom, check out the NBC Newsletter Diddy on trial. Go to NBC News dot com slash Diddy. Define that on trial. Produced by Freddy Kelly with help from the Dateline True Crime Weekly team.


Our senior producers are Alison Orr and Liz Brown. Karloff Original music by Jesse McGinty. Paul Ryan is executive producer and Liz Cole is senior executive producer of Dateline.


I've never felt like this before. It's like you just get me. I feel like my true self with you. Does that sound crazy? And it doesn't hurt that you are gorgeous. Okay, that's it. I'm taking you home with me. I mean, you can't find shoes this good just anywhere. Find a shoe for every you from brands you love, like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, and more at your DSW store or dsw.com.