
What if you could turn your curiosity for true crime into a degree at Southern New Hampshire University? You can. Southern New Hampshire University offers over 200 degrees you can earn online, including subjects like forensic psychology and criminology, and with some of the lowest online tuition rates in the US Southern New Hampshire University makes earning your degree affordable. Find your degree at ssu.edu/dateline. That's SNH u.edu/dateline.


Hi, I'm Ashley Flowers, creator and host of the number one True Crime podcast, crime junkie. Every Monday, me and my best friend Britt, break down a new case, but not in the way you've heard before and not the cases you've heard before. You'll hear stories on Crime Junkie that haven't been told anywhere else. I'll tell you what you can do to help victims and their families get justice. Join us for new episodes of Crime Junkie every Monday already waiting for you by searching for Crime Junkie wherever you listen to podcasts.


This is on trial, a special series from Dateline True Crime Weekly, bringing you daily coverage from the Sean Combs racketeering trial. He has pleaded not guilty to all the charges against him. I'm Andrea Canning, and it's Friday, June 20th. Wednesday. Court was canceled when one of the jurors got sick, and yesterday court was dark for the holiday. Today the prosecution resumed its case, calling Brendan Paul, another Combs assistant. He was arrested last spring when federal agents raided Combs ass Miami and LA Properties. Brendan is one of the last prosecution witnesses. So we have asked celebrity defense attorney Joe Taina to give us his assessment of the prosecution's case, how the defense has responded, and what to look out for as the defense takes over next week.


That's coming up. But first, NBC News correspondent Chloe Moos was in the courthouse this morning for Brendan's very revealing testimony about Combs day-to-day life in the past couple of years. Hey, Chloe. Hey Andrea. So Chloe, when these raids happened last March, federal agents searched two of Sean Combs homes and they stopped him at a private airport in Miami. What happened there? So they went to go seize phones and other devices from Combs, his chief of staff, KK and other employees, and that's when they arrested Brendan Paul, who was one of S'S assistance. He had cocaine on him.


So Chloe, He testified that the cocaine belonged to Combs. So yes, what we learned today during Brendan Paul's testimony is that he had found some white powder in Combs hotel room, and so he put it in his bag and then he went to the airport and he forgot. He says that he had it on him and that when the feds showed up and they went through his bag, he testified that his stomach dropped when they found the drugs, but he did not throw combs under the bus in that moment. He said, this all is mine, Chloe, The seizure of the phones and devices you talked about. It's really important because it's a big reason we've seen so many text messages and voicemails and emails.


In this case, what was on Brendan Paul's phone that the prosecution particularly wanted to focus on? It really gives us, Andrea an inside look at everything that was going on behind the scenes of Combs life and how it all worked between the assistance and kk. So there is a photo that we saw today while Brendan Paul was on the stand, it had ecstasy and something called twosy, which is ketamine in it. This is a photo taken in early 2023 inside KO's office at his Mapleton home in California. And he took this picture because That wasn left on the desk and he said that he sent the photo to other assistants to ask, where should I put this?


And you're also seeing text messages between Brendan Paul and drug dealers as well as other assistants. We also saw a photo that he had taken of baby oil and astroglide in some sort of like a cabinet in Combs his home because he was actually sending it to somebody else on the team, showing them this is how you organize all of it, It all, it all comes back to the baby oil in the end though, doesn't it? It does. And the Gucci pouch, what Was in the Gucci Gucci pouch? GCI pouch, right? Yeah. So the infamous Gucci pouch came up again. Yeah. So the Gucci pouch, according to different testimony in it were different types of drugs and cash and that That wasn either Cols who would be holding this and taking it with him in cars and to these freak offs or also on private planes, but also That wasn the job of the assistance to make sure that he always had it.


But Brendan testified under cross-examination that he was not a drug mule, that he only bought drugs five to 10 times for Combs, that this was not something that he was doing all the time. And these were not kilos and kilos of drugs. You were, these were small amounts for personal use, and you really saw Brian Steele trying to hammer home the point that Combs would get more creative while he was working on music, while on drugs. I mean, I kept thinking back to like the 1960s and the seventies, Andrea, of all different types of musicians that were very proudly on all different types of drugs while they were making some of their greatest hits. And I'm not justifying drug use or buying drugs or any of that, but still also on cross examination of Brendan Paul said you really learned a lot right from Combs.


You enjoyed being around him. And b, Brendan Paul said, yes, he learned a lot. This was a job he really wanted. And Brendan testified that he did other things for Combs as well, besides getting drugs for him. Yeah, I mean everything from packing and unpacking Combs, suitcase. Remember he was a personal assistant. He would go places before Combs got there and set it up. And he also talked about working on the Love album that dropped while he was working for Combs, but he also did talk about setting up those hotel rooms for freak offs. Brendan testified that he would do all of this in close coordination with Christina kk, who was the chief of staff and with other assistants.


So because of that, there were a lot of group chats that came out of this. Why were those important? The Point of showing these group chats, Andrea, is because the prosecution has maintained that Combs was running a criminal enterprise in using different employees to carry out illegal activity. And so you saw that KK had oversight into really so much of Combs life that she was the intermediary between a lot of these assistants and even some of the women that he was dating. And the big question is, where is KK and yeah, will we see her on the defense next week? I've heard no. Yeah, I'm so curious about that. Chloe, did Brendan have anything to do with the hotel nights?


He did. He would get the baby oil, and he testified the Astroglide and you know, even buy soup, it seems like Combs wanted soup in these hotel rooms and he would sometimes bring professional lighting and he would also clean up afterwards. But Brendan testified that these were nights that were personal for Combs. The defense asked if he thought these hotel nights King Knights were criminal, and he said, no, That's right. And on direct examination you had the prosecution saying, okay, so you brought Combs cash on one of these nights, and he said, yes, $5,000. But you don't have Brendan Paul being able to say, what was the cash used for?


Right? I mean, Combs is a wealthy man wanting $5,000 brought to him is not illegal. Brendan Paul, like another personal assistant who testified last week, testified that he never saw or heard Jane Express that she didn't wanna do these nights. That's right. Brian Steele said, did she ever seem upset afterwards, or sorry, Brendan Paul testified? No, he said, did she ever seem like she didn't want to participate in these nights ahead of it? And he testified? No. And Brendan Paul said that he saw Jane after almost every single hotel night. And again, remember he was granted immunity to testify.


So you would think that he's telling the truth because he can't be prosecuted for anything He says as long as he is being honest. Brendan also testified that although he worked a lot of long hours for Combs, he never resented It. Brendan testified that on one occasion he worked for several nights without sleep, but that was what Combs and other employees were doing too, because they were putting out the love album. And On Redirect, the prosecution asked, how do you feel about Sean Combs? Some of his final words on the stand were that his feelings toward combs are complicated, and I think that's what you're seeing, Andrea, with several of the witnesses. Chloe, Last time we talked there was a issue brewing with juror number seven.


What has happened with that? The judge decided that he can stay after all that hullabaloo and back and forth, but who knows what's gonna happen in the next week or two. All right, Chloe, when we come back, we'll hear from defense attorney Joe Taina, who has represented Michael Jackson and the rapper's Meek Mill and ASAP Rocky. We have asked him to join the show today to give us his impression of the job Combs is stacked Defense team has done so far.


Hey, this is Jeff Lewis from Radio Andy Live and Uncensored catch me talking with my friends about my latest obsessions, relationship issues and bodily ailments. With that kind of drama that seems to follow me, you never know what's going to happen. You can listen to Jeff Lewis live at home or anywhere you are. Download the SiriusXM app for over 425 channels of ad free music, sports, entertainment, and more. Subscribe now and get three months free offer details apply.


Building a business may feel like a big jump, but OnDeck Small Business Loans can help keep you afloat with lines of credit Up to $100,000 in term loans up to 250,000. OnDeck lets you choose the loan that's right for your business. As a top rated online small business lender, OnDeck's team of loan advisors can help you find the right business loan to fit your needs. Visit OnDeck dot com for more information. Depending on certain loan attributes, your business loan may be issued by OnDeck or Celtic Bank. OnDeck does not lend in North Dakota. All loans and amount subject to lender approval.


Coverage varies by plan, view contracts and exclusions@endurancewarranty.com. If you're driving a car or truck with an expired warranty and suddenly lost your transmission or needed a full engine repair, would a $4,000 repair bill leave you stranded? I'm Danica Patrick. Don't get caught off guard with a vehicle breakdown. Choose the company I trust endurance, no matter the mileage, if your vehicle is less than 20 years old. Endurance offers comprehensive auto protection plans for any budget protection on the drivetrain, electrical transmission, AC and more. Plus benefits like 24 7 roadside assistance and rental car reimbursement on any plan. Endurance handles everything from making the claim through the repair process to paying the certified mechanic of your choice. Don't get caught off guard with a vehicle breakdown. Act now and get one full year of elite benefits, a $2,000 value free. Visit Endurance warranty.com for your fast free quote today. That's endurance warranty.com.


Welcome back everybody, and welcome Joe. Thank you for being here. Thanks, Andrew. Thanks for having me. Thanks Chloe. You're getting both of us. Wow. So Joe, to start out with some transparency, Holmes's team approached you to join his defense team, right? Yes, and I met with with Holmes a few times in the federal prison. And I declined obviously to get involved because of a host of things, timing. I just came off a a six week trial in Los Angeles with the ASAP Rocky case, and it just wasn't, you know, for me, a case of this magnitude, you know, you need a year to prepare this properly. At least I do. That's how I do it. But there were some other factors as well that I'll, I'll keep to myself.


But listen, you know, I do think it's a defensible case in some regards. Others maybe not so much, but I'm glad I made the decision I made, let's put it that way. Joe, you met with Sean and I realize they were private conversations. Can you give us any insight into his demeanor? Was he confident, arrogant, desperate, scared? You know, how did he seem Not arrogant, I wouldn't say confident or scared, but just, you know, in, in, in this vortex of this mastro of stuff coming at him. And he knew he was getting ready for it. He seemed to me. And he actually said to me that he's a different person now. And I could see that the guy that we've heard about and looked at and watched was abusive.


But that he also said that he goes, I was different back then. I was someone who I was so jerked up on drugs at all times. Yeah, Yeah. And in he's a different in prison, presumably he does not have access to drugs. He would hope. No, he doesn't. But the bottom line is this, he is someone who regrets his past conduct. So I think, you know, he understands what this looks like. I also think he understands that, you know, the day after he allegedly raped Cassie, she sent him a very nice text message that I saw that I think the jury is now seen. Yeah. You know, That's hard for a jury. Everyone reacts differently. Andrea, I don't want, I've been sex crimes prosecutor, so I don't wanna say, here's how you have to react.


There's no, there's no blueprint for this stuff, right. When you're a victim. But on the other hand, this is all fair game. Yeah. Why do you think this is something that the Feds pursued versus this being in state court with domestic assault, rape? I mean, there are some things that have been brought up that are not, you know, past the statute of limitations. Jane, who testified she claims domestic violence in 2023. Correct. She claims all sorts of things that are recent. What do you think the feds saw when they looked at Diddy and they looked at this Diddy, I think they saw Diddy. I think they saw a big target, a big prize. Look, here's, here's, here's how you know that's the case. He's charged with the violation of the man act, the count that actually, if you wanna be a legal analyst, pure straight down Broadway, he's in trouble on that one because it's simply a federal offense to transport prostitutes over state lines for prostitution.


That's it. So he can't get outta that one. Well, He can, but it's like an antiquated charge. It's like charging cap tax evasion. I mean, you know, you had Elliot Spitzer, the New York governor, who was dead to rights on that. He admitted he did that. His phone records, his emails, he was finished, he was dead. The federal prosecutors in some district looked at that case. They didn't charge him the, the violation of the man act is a very, you know, curious charge as for it that way. And honestly, factually, there really is no defense. Penny Geragos in our opening statement, tried to say, well, but he wasn't paying them for six. He was paying them for their time. It's the best they can do. On the defense side, you know, really what they have to hope for here is that the jury is like at, you know, this case is about baby oil, about applesauce, on cheeseburgers, about the most horrific things I've ever seen, but a racketeering enterprise.


I do not see, and I don't think, but Isn't that called jury nullification? That's What it's Fault. They could go in closings and say, all right, you wanna hit him with transportation to engage in prostitution, then throw all professional athletes in prison, throw a bunch of celebrities in prison. And The approach can't Really do that. Well, what do you suggest that the defense does in closings? You can't say, well then every other athlete who's done this and Elliots fits it well, the things I just said, you can't say that to a jury. It's not part of the evidence in this case. There's no evidence that every professional athlete or all this other stuff, but you can say it without saying, well, you have to basically say this jury, ladies and gentlemen, I think you know what's going on here. I think you understand the landscape violation of the man act.


You are the conscience of this community. Yeah, it's judge, whatever his name is, courtroom, it says it right there on his flat. But when it comes to what's right in our community, you are the judge of the facts when it comes to, if what was done here was fair, you are the judge of the facts. Don't let anyone tell you how you have to vote on any count. Because if you think what was done here was selective, unfair, unjust, then you get the last word, no one can tell you what your vote has to be. You have to sort of say it's something like that. I mean, I just did that, but, but there's a way to do. But without getting shut down by a judge, you don't need a federal judge to tell you. You're making inappropriate arguments in front of a jury. So Joe, as we wind down the prosecution and get ready to start the defense, how would you tackle the defense strategy?


The defense case is a case of reasonable doubt. Let's, let's be real. I mean, it sort of was the same with my ASAP Rocket trial. And the judge will give an instruction on what a reasonable doubt is. It's a very powerful charge. And I spent a lot of time in my last trial focusing the jury on the term reasonable doubt, what it really means. Do you have a doubt based on a reason? If you do, nah, guilty. That's what they have to focus on here. I wouldn't get too bogged down and bring on much of the defense case. Their defense was through cross examination, chopping up witnesses, getting inconsistencies brought out, motives brought out, and putting 'em on the stand. I, I understand they're not going to now, thank God, that would've been, we first of all would be covering this case until December, number one. The cross-examination would go on for months.


But there's just things he can't answer. And it would take away from all deficiencies in the prosecution case, in my opinion. When you say reasonable doubt, Karen Reed pops into my head. Sure. Given, There you Go. What we've been through this week, your best guess, I, I know every jury's different, but do you think Diddy could see some prison time? He could and he could not. I mean, I'm not in there, I'm not looking at the jury. Although I will tell you, having tried 120 jury trials, when I look at a jury, it's not like you get really any insight. You just don't. And sometimes more often than not, you get misled by a face or something where you think you're reading something, oh, they like me. Oh, they don't like me. I don't. That's why I specifically have stopped looking at jurors.


Yeah. When I try cases, I, I'm laser focused on what's ahead of me. I can't control what they're thinking other than by performance. But I think, look, they could clip 'em on everything. Okay. They could nail 'em on everything. And the reason they could is not. 'cause I think they've proven racketeering enterprise, I don't think they have, I don't think they've proven sex trafficking, but their goal in this case was in part to get the jury to hate this guy so much, and based on the evidence in this case, he's hateable. I mean, he really is. I mean, it's just the way he treated normal people, let alone his girlfriends. Listen, there's a reason they played that tape like 15 times already. They're gonna play it five more times during the summation.


I mean, that tape is an incident of domestic violence. Now they're gonna argue it means other things. I understand that, but you know, you sort of reduce the impact of that, the power of that tape. When you play it over and over and over, that the next time a jury sees, they're gonna be like, yeah, okay, here we go again. Yeah. Some jurors could say, Hey, they're overselling their hands here. You know, that's, that's sort of what I've would doing. Well, we will see. Joe, you are a legendary attorney and we are honored that you came on the podcast. We're so appreciative. My pleasure. And you gave us such good insight into this. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you very much for having me, Chloe. Thanks for having me. And okay guys, we'll see you. Thank You so much, Joe.


Thanks for listening. We'll be back with a new episode on Monday. If you wanna read the latest developments and analysis from inside the courtroom, check out the NBC Newsletter Diddy on trial. Go to NBC News dot com slash diddy to find that On trial is produced by Franny Kelly with help from the Dateline True Crime Weekly team. Our senior producers are Alison Orr and Liz Brown, Koff original music by Jesse McGinty. Paul Ryan is executive producer and Liz Cole is senior executive producer of Dateline


Sun's Out Snacks Out. And My Mochi Ice Cream is your go-to summer treat. My mochis bite-sized beauties are only around 70 calories each. They're packed with cool creamy ice cream and wrapped with soft chewy dough, totally satisfying, perfectly portioned, and ready to cool you down with every delicious bite. My Mochi Ice Cream fits your summer vibe. Treat yourself smart with a joyfully chill sensation of my mochi. Look for the purple box of my mochi at Walmart, or visit my mochi.com to find a store near you.