
This episode is brought to you by Progressive, where drivers who save by switching. Save nearly $750 on average. Quote now@progressive.com to see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. National average, 12 months savings of $744 by new customers surveyed to save with Progressive between June, 2022 and May, 2023. Potential savings will vary. Discounts not available in all states and situations


At your job. Do you ever have to deal with a nose roller? How about a snub pulley? Well, if you're installing a new conveyor belt system, dealing with the different components can sound like you're speaking a foreign language. Luckily, you've got a team ready to help. Granger's. Technical product specialists are fluent in maintenance, repair, and operations. So whenever you want to talk shop, just reach out Call, click Granger dot com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


I'm Lester Holt Tonight on Dateline. A mystery in Paradise. A mother of two vanishes on Florida's Emerald Coast. This case was an investigator's worst nightmare. What happened to this woman? I wanted to solve it. She said She left to do something that she always wanted to do. She didn't want us to try to stop Her. I go, I know I probably watch a lot of law and order, but I have this really gut feeling Because I was a mom. I just knew that she didn't leave on her own. There was no way she left that baby. I would see her at church.


They had taken her in. They were helping her out. Bighearted people. That's what I thought. They were living the three of them in a strange Situation. Absolutely A very amorous, romantic, wild relationship. That, wasn. Lustful. Oh my goodness. It hit me hard. I'm like, no, no, no, no, No. Come to Jesus moment. That. wasn. Yeah, I was scared to death. Here's Keith Morrison with Secrets on the Emerald. Coast.


How do you catch a dancing Sprite? You put her in the bottle. Can you package the joy she brings? Can you keep it when she goes? She was like a gravitational pull. Her name was Marie Marie Carlson. She was magnetic, And so she offered herself, her goodness, gave her vulnerable heart and stored her secrets until what happened. But she was always that way. Was Marie from the time of the very first secret in her life. She was born in the Philippines to a single mother, then taken in by the family of an American serviceman and That wasn.


years later when she learned that kind serviceman was actually her father, which meant that Esther Bridges, the best friend she grew up with, was also her sister. What was that like to find that out? That she is I was happy, Actually. Your sister? I was really happy. 'cause I always thought she was, since we were little girls, When they got older, esta Ann Marie moved to Florida and lived together. The location ideal. We chosen apartment that was behind a karaoke club so that we could just go there all the time, like we were stars. And she wore pink, always pink. That wasn her That wasn her personality.


It's, it's full of life. And always trying to perk up everyone else with her favorite word. Beautiful. It's like, oh, she's so beautiful. You know? I wanna be like her. But she always just told me, no, you are beautiful. She loved that word. Kay Barber was like a mother to Marie, hers, the second family, to take Marie in when she was 18 and struggling. Marie's nickname that I gave her was Rosie, because she was always just, you know, peachy and Rosie and happy Like she was when she met Jeff Carlson. And he fell hard And That wasn like instant.


So they married and they had a daughter named Paris, and they thought their life together would be Grand. Marie got a college degree in criminal justice, became a deputy sheriff. Her ultimate goal was to try to get into the FBI. But then for all the love between them, there were issues. Jeff learned. There were more secrets that as a girl, Marie had been sexually assaulted, and sometimes her love and joy were chased into a darker place. The biggest issue was she didn't love herself. They tried, but the marriage didn't last. And after that, Marie drifted a little.


Jobs fell through. She had to move frequently. Jeff suggested Paris, then three would have a more stable life with him. She fought it initially, but she agreed that That wasn probably for the best. And then Marie finally found what her vulnerable, loving soul seemed to need. I was actually happy for her because she found God. Marie had found a spiritual home of the Calvary Emerald Coast Church. That wasn. Hardly a fancy cathedral place was in a strip mall, but fancy wasn't the point. Salvation was here. Finally, Marie felt right, and Jesus Is saying, you know what, you're missing out. The pastor was a charismatic man named James Flanders, who preached the Bible.


Four square preached in jeans and sneakers, live streamed in YouTube to sermons. That Wasn, a very happening place. Jason Anderson was the youth pastor, Didn't fall asleep listening to his sermons. But more than that, the pastor and his wife, James and Tanya Flanders, were known for their big hearts, their charity. And that's when, for a third time, a family took in Marie. She's saying that she was there until she got on her feet, But a whole year went by. And then what was coming couldn't be hidden. The story floating around. There had been an abusive boyfriend who abandoned her and left her pregnant.


And in July, 2011, Marie gave birth to a baby girl and named her Grace. The pastor and his wife took care of both of them. That wasn explained to me that they were helping her out, that she was kind of down on her luck. She was, by all appearances, saved spiritually by faith and practically by the pastor and his wife. So imagine the surprise when a strange group text message popped up on the phones of her family and friends. Can you still remember the words of that mass text? She said that yesterday she left Fort Walton Beach to do something that she always wanted to do.


She didn't want us to try to stop her. Her last words was, I love and appreciate you all, But the biggest surprise, Marie did not take her three month old baby. She left Grace behind with the pastor and his wife. And right away, her sister esta sensed that something wasn't right. She called her family. I go, I know I probably watch a lot of law and order, but can you find out what's going on? Because I, I have this really gut feeling. That wasn, the fall of 2011, the very same time that a detective named Nestle Suey Moore became a mother a fact, which as you will see, may have made all the difference.


You get a better understanding of what it's like to love somebody to the end of the world. And back That wasn, almost like fate intended to tie these two together in a mystery of love and lies and loss. Just where had Marie Carlson gone? When we come back, The investigators said, we're gonna open a case, which surprised me. The antenna must have gone up, huh? The antenna did Go up. I just knew that she didn't leave on her own. There was no way she left that baby.


Marie Carlson had notified family and friends. She was leaving Fort Walton Beach and nobody could figure out why or where she went. This was very strange. She left her three month old baby in the care of her pastor, James Flanders and his wife Tanya, and not her family, not the woman she looked to as a mother figure. Kay Barber. That. wasn. Heartbreaking. That. wasn, heartbreaking. Marie's ex-husband, Jeff Carlson got the text too. Didn't make sense to him that she'd leave without calling her 7-year-old daughter Paris. Kay called Jeff and said he should file a report. And she said, I, I, I don't know what's going on, but I, I think something happened.


And I said, yeah, I agree with you. And then Jeff called the Okaloosa County Sheriff's Office to report. Marie missing. The investigator said, we're gonna open a case, an investigation on this, which surprised me, because she's an adult. She could have just left Because Marie was adventurous. She liked to travel. And when the mood struck her, sometimes she just took off for a few days on some whim. But something seemed different this time. She would've never have left without talking to me about it and talking to Paris. She'd been gone a week when the sheriff asked Detective Keith Motts to look into it, that text message something off said her family.


This doesn't sound like Marine, Huh? So when you got that one, the antenna must have gone up, huh? The antenna is did go up. Detective Nestle Suey Moore didn't hear about the case then because That was on, On maternity leave, Correct. So, and I came back two weeks after she was initially reported missing, And that's when Nestle heard from other detectives about the case Keith was working on. Poor Keith had no idea that I was gonna come bully my way into that investigation. And why Did you wanna bully your way into the investigation? I think the connection of just having a child. I just knew that she didn't leave on her own.


So here they were partners, the young detective who happened to be a brand new mother, and the veteran who'd seen just about everything, and who soon learned from friends and family that Marie was deeply attached to both her daughters. She had a heart of gold and loved her Paris more than anything in the world. But what happened in her life? And how did she end up with another baby from Esta? The detectives learned about the divorce and how Marie had lost her job, and how the pastor and his wife offered her a place to stay. But the questions about Baby Grace Esta said her relationship with Marie was always supportive and not judgemental.


And when Marie didn't tell her who the father was, she didn't push the subject. I've never questioned her because Marie will tell me in her own time if she wants to tell me I've learned with my sister. I never pry. But that was the job of the detectives, Nestle and Keith, to pry and to find Marie. One of their first calls was on her church, pastor James Flanders and his wife, impressive guy. They discovered James Flanders. What was he like? Very charismatic. I, I would say he was good at his job. I Wonder what it would be like to listen to him preach.


Can YouTube him? Yes you can. We all at times forget the promises of God's word. The pastor grew the Calvary Emerald Coast Church from scratch, spread it through YouTube. And by the time Marie began attending every service filled up, They were a tight-knit family. That church. And now with Marie Gaunt, they were caring for little grace. So did the Flanders have any idea what happened to Marie? Perhaps they knew who the father was and where that abusive boyfriend might be found, and oh, yes, there was a story. All right, Coming up, They noticed a downward spiral from in her behavior, in her behavior.


Questions mount and leads are running out. Was time running out too? This case, for sure was an investigator's worst nightmare When Dateline continues.


Who doesn't love saving money, especially on your wireless bill? Visit Xfinity mobile dot com today and learn how Xfinity internet customers can buy one unlimited line and get one free for a year. There's never been a better time to switch. Offer ends September 21st. Restrictions apply. Xfinity internet service and two new unlimited lines required reduced speeds. After 30 gigabytes of usage per line, the data thresholds vary.


Busy parents have enough on their plates without adding children's homework to the list as well. Now IXL is an excellent resource for homework help, which is especially nice for parents who are rusty on school info themselves and methods have changed over the years too. It's designed to help them really understand and master topics in a fun way with positive feedback. And one subscription gets you everything for all the kids in your home. pre-K to 12th grade, there's a reason why IXL is used in 95 at the top 100 school districts in the us. A month of IXL costs less than an hour of tutoring. So now you can get your child the help they need at an affordable price. Make an impact on your child's learning. Get IXL now and Dateline. NBC. Listeners can get an exclusive 20% off IXL membership when they sign up today at IXL dot com slash dateline. Visit IXL dot com slash dateline to get the most effective learning program out there at the best price.


Quick math. The less your business spends on operations, on multiple systems on delivering your product or service. The more margin you have, the more money you keep. So reduce costs and headaches and graduate to NetSuite by Oracle. NetSuite is a leading cloud financial system, bringing accounting, financial management, inventory, HR into a single platform and source of truth, reduce it costs. Because NetSuite lives in the cloud with no hardware required and cut the cost of maintaining multiple systems improve efficiency by bringing all your major business processes into one platform. Over 37,000 companies have already made the move. So do the math. See how you'll profit with NetSuite by popular demand. NetSuite has extended, its one of a kind flexible financing program for a few more weeks. Head to NetSuite dot com slash dateline NetSuite dot com slash dateline.


The Calvary Emerald Coast Church of Fort Walton Beach, Florida was far more than just a place to gather on a Sunday morning led by Pastor James Flanders and his wife Tanya. This place was a beacon of charity too. The pastor and his church sacrificed their own needs to send money to the victims of Katrina. And when Marie Carlson needed help, they took her in too. That's what pastors do for their congregation. But now I'm left with a missing person whose is vanished off this earth. A week and a half after Marie vanished or drove away or whatever she did, the detectives went calling on the Flanders who said they fully expected Marie would return soon.


This wasn't the first time she took spur of the MoMA trips. They said, although the F Flanders told detectives, they were quite worried about Marie's state of mind. They noticed a downward spiral That she was going into a depression Or something. She was, might be going into a depression state. Yes, Thing was said. The pastor and his wife Marie, could have wild mood swings. They knew she had a diagnosed mood disorder. Did they tell you that she was bipolar? Yes, told me she was bipolar. She had been taking medication and was off of her medication probably because of her giving birth to the child. But there was another prescription bottle too. And then they also showed us a bottle that was empty.


You know, that maybe alluding to the fact that she had taken medication and was going to use it to hurt herself The day she left, James told detectives he was so worried about her state of mind. He stayed home from work to keep an eye on her. James says that she was acting up and he didn't want to let Marie take the baby. He was afraid the baby might be harmed or somebody. Then late that afternoon said, pastor James Marie said she was tired, went to lie down. Tanya took the baby out shopping so Marie could rest. The pastor said he waited around for a bit, talked to her briefly when she woke up, and then went out for a run. And when he returned, Marie and her white Mazda pickup truck were gone.


Strangely, the Flander set. Marie had packed her bags but didn't take them. Why would she take off and not take her bags with her? Anyway, said to Flanders, when she didn't come back that day or the next, they drove around town looking for her, went to the airport, maybe she'd parked her car there and flown away. Did they find it? They Did. James says that he finds it in long-term parking, At least part of the mystery was solved, said the pastor. She must have flown off to visit someone. They took her pickup home. So the Mazda, what did you do about that car when you got your hands on it?


We searched it, but That wasn, you know, there was nothing to search. That, wasn clean. They went to the airport. We checked the airlines. There's nothing, she didn't fly out. So why would Marie's car be at the airport if she hadn't flown out of there? Of course, she could have been trying to hide her tracks from Snoopy friends and family. Or what if someone else took the car to the airport, someone who wanted to make it look like she'd left town rather fishing. Then the detectives had an idea. You know, the machine that spits out tickets when you enter an airport parking lot, that very ticket goes back to the toll booth when you leave.


Keith and I went to the little toll booth where you give their your ticket, Maybe thought the detectives, the parking ticket for Marie's Mazda would tell them, not just when That wasn dropped off, but a more important question by whom We were thinking, let's get a a thumbprint or a fingerprint and went through every single one of them until we found the one that Marie's car had received. And yes, they got a print, but no, it wasn't clear enough to tell whose That wasn. Then another thought, Hey, let's go pull surveillance video. And of course You looked at all Of it. Well, no, the video didn't work.


It wasn't working. Oh, during the time that we needed this case, for sure was an investigator's worst nightmare. Dead ends everywhere. Yes. And weeks went by. No sign of Marie anywhere. Time to embrace the thought they'd frankly had all along. And it wasn't a good one. Keith and I both no longer believed we had a missing person. We believed we were dealing with a homicide investigation. But what's the hardest homicide investigation? You can be given one without a body. Yeah. And we didn't even have Marie Coming up. The startling secret that Marie Kept from just about everyone.


I went up and I put my hand on her stomach and I said, what's, what's going on with this? The story of little Baby Grace was about to give investigators a very big break. What a nest of puzzles. What happened to Marie Carlson? Where did she go? Or did she go anywhere? And what about grace? The baby she left behind who, for example, was the father. Churches tend to be beehives of gossip. So the detectives asked around, She had a boyfriend was involved in an abusive relationship.


She was beat up. This is a member of the Calvary Emerald Coast Church. She Found out she was pregnant and she didn't wanna go back to the guide and didn't wanna keep the child. In other words, she was going to have an abortion. But Pastor Flanders and his wife had strong views about abortion, and when they discovered her situation, they offered to help solve her dilemma. They Were gonna adopt the the baby. The Flanders had an older daughter, always wanted another child, but one miscarriage after another. And so as this church elder told the detectives, the pastor and his wife came to an arrangement with Marie, She would stay three months to nurse the baby and end three months to plan all the palm along while she would leave.


That was my understanding from before the baby was born with the baby. No, the baby was a gift for the F landers. A gift maybe That wasn just like Marie to be generous toward the couple who'd been so good to her. But to skeptical detectives, especially this brand new mother. Something about the story didn't sound quite right. The father, for example, in fact, the alleged abusive guy didn't seem to exist, but then they talked to ex-husband Jeff. And the story he heard completely different. And it came directly from Marie when she came to visit Jeff, shortly after she got pregnant, Put my hand on her stomach and I said, what's what's going on with this?


And she wasn't really showing. And her story at that time was, well, I'm just being a surrogate for James and Tanya. So we did basically a type of artificial insemination. Well, well, well, the pastor was the sperm donor in this news story. Marie's gift was to be the pastor's artificially inseminated surrogate of why the conflicting stories. To find out, the detectives consulted three special church ladies, Tanya Flander's, closest confidants. Did you have a name for this group? We called them the Inner Circle. And the inner circle said, yes, Tanya told them, but swore them to secrecy.


But then Tanya gave up a little more. The method was very homemade. I remember them saying, oh, That wasn with the Turkey thingy, That wasn with the Turkey baser. And now she's got a secret. Yeah, at that point, Wait, at that point, yes. Because Tanya couldn't just leave it there. The next time she admitted something very, very shocking. And Tanya said, well, we did it the old fashioned way. James and Marie had sex, which Tanya told the ladies was okay with her. And as months passed and Marie started showing there was a baby shower, but oh no, not for Marie.


This baby shower was for Tanya. She put a balloon under her shirt for a funny photo with Marie. But something here didn't seem quite right. The inner circle had to keep their secret. If the story got out, it could threaten everything she and the pastor had built. And as it got more and more and more into weird stuff, That, wasn, just that the stakes got higher. That's Right. Imagine the secrecy that the inner circle that Tanya actually told the truth to, that it's James's baby, But no room for secrets. In an official investigation, the detectives invited James and Tanya to voluntarily come in for a chat, but only Tanya showed up.


And here in this little room at the sheriff's office, she let it all come out about that night of sake and sex when Grace was conceived. Yeah. Yeah. He had a little bit too. I was the only one that was sober. You the only one. But yes, I was there. Yes, in the room. But of course she was said Tanya, and almost casually she revealed the heresy that should it ever become public, which surely ruin them, Marie was gonna move in and she was gonna be number two. A plural wife. Yes. Or whatever you call them, Sister wife, I think plural. Marriage, That, wasn. In short polygamy or their homegrown version of it.


Tanya told detectives she understood the bargain very well. I've always seen a relationship that's it's, it's not, sex is not a relationship. A relationship is two people coming together and sex is just a bonus. A very secret bonus, of course, kept from almost everyone. But inside the bubble of their relationship, Tanya said they were happy. She goes, you know what? I am so glad that you are gonna be raising Grace. She said, I'm so glad that I'm gonna be able to be here to do that with you. And I thought, you know, how cool is that? But then, then Marie gave birth and it wasn't cool for Marie.


Not anymore. And certainly not adoption. Every time we started to broach the subject with her, she did get withdrawn. So maybe Tanya wouldn't get Baby Grace. Maybe Marie wanted it all, the baby and James all for herself. That's what this member of the inner circle believed. But I did, I hear that from Marie, that Marie wanted James, Did Tanya strike back somehow fight for her marriage by getting rid of Marie? Listen to how church members quoted Tanya's words. She basically was like, James would never be able to do that, but I could because that was another one of those kind of shockers.


Yeah. And I told him, you're not capable of killing her, but Tanya wins over and goes, no, he couldn't, but I could. So wouldn't that lead you like a bloodhound direct to Tanya? She certainly would have a motive. She would. Tanya. Now the only mother figure in Grace's life, did she know more than she was saying? Did she do something Coming up a confrontation in the congregation? This Is a, forgive my saying, come to Jesus moment. That. wasn the hardest thing I've ever had to do. And divine intervention. A sudden earth shaking tip. I can remember getting that tip and thinking, no way.


When Dateline continues,


Does your bed feel like a sauna in the summer? Heat and don't sweat it. Mattress firm can help anyone sleep at night. So you can wake up feeling cool and refreshed. Upgrade to the luxurious rest you deserve. With mattress firm's premium selection of top brand mattresses. Plus you can rest easy with their 120 night sleep trial. Sleep on your new mattress for 120 nights. And if you don't love it, mattress Firm will find you a new one or your money back. It's time to say goodbye to sweaty nights and your old worn out mattress. Get matched at mattress firm's semi-annual sale and clearance, and sleep at night. Restrictions apply. See mattress firm.com or store for details.


Do you wanna connect more with friends or family? And their native language isn't English then Rosetta Stone, the most trusted language learning program is for you. Rosetta Stone teaches through immersion, like matching audio from native speakers to visuals, reading stories, participating in dialogues, and more get prepared for real authentic conversations. The true accent feature even provides feedback on your pronunciation, like having a personal trainer for your accent. Learn on the go with flexible and customizable lessons as short as 10 minutes. Plus, Rosetta Stone can be used on a desktop or as an app, and you can download lessons for offline use for a very limited time. Our listeners can get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off. That's unlimited access to 25 language courses for the rest of your life. For 50% off. Redeem now at rosetta stone.com/dateline,


The best things in life. They come in, twos two scoops of ice cream, two tacos. And now for a limited time, get our best deal of the year. Buy any phone when you switch to consumer cellular and get two months of service free. That's right. The same fast, reliable, nationwide coverage as big wireless now with two months free proof. The best things in life for relief do come in. Twos visit consumer cellular.com or call 1-888-FREEDOM second and third month of monthly base service fee waive for new customers with the purchase of a phone and activation By September 2nd, 2024, taxes, fees, and third party charges will apply. See website for additional details.


Jesus is saying, you need to learn to really think different. An attentive churchgoer might have noticed the intrusion of an odd idea in one of the sermons of Pastor James Flanders. What Do you think we'd experience When he mentioned a couple of verses in the Old Testament that seemed to approve somehow of polygamy? He wanted to justify his relationship to everybody else through a biblical sense. So he went to the Old Testament and and pulled up those few lines that suggest polygamy. That's correct. A trial balloon. If That wasn, it quickly imploded. And the very practical polygamy in the home of the pastor stayed carefully under wraps. So if the news got out to the rest of the church, did Tanya worry about what might happen there?


That's what she was covering up. She had to protect James and protect their, that was their world. Did she do something to Marie to protect James? Two months after Marie disappeared, the detectives got permission to look at the cell phone records of all three of them. Would they prove Tanya was with Marie when she vanished and thus maybe did something to her Cell phone tower information, put her away from the area? No, nowhere near Marie. So then they checked the cell towers for James's phone. And what do you know when Marie sent that mass text message saying she was leaving town, both her phone and the pastors were pinging off the same cell tower, two blocks from his house.


And when Marie's Mazda was dropped to the airport, We've got James Slander's cell phone touching towers near the airport. Why would his phone be near the airport? Well, either James innocently drove Marie to the airport and neglected to reveal that. Or he drove her car there to cover up a crime. No way to prove it either way. So they were stuck again, which is when Jason, the youth pastor, remember him out of the blue. Jason came to call. He had something that detectives needed to hear. He said, I mean that would take a certain amount of Courage. Absolutely. We would've never known about that if Jason wouldn't have come forward Known what the secret incident that God junior Pastor Jason involved.


It happened soon after Marie disappeared, when a very distraught James asked this church elder for help. He said, he goes, I need you to get me outta the country. I said, what's going on? I said, does this have to do with Maria or Maria? I Marie, he's like, I, I can't tell you. He never once said anything to me else. But it's bad. James seemed suicidal, said the elder. So he called a doctor friend, and the doctor committed the preacher to a psychiatric ward for 10 days during which time Jason Anderson took over preacher duties. But then Jason heard things, not about what happened to Marie, but about the polygamy with other church leaders.


He confronted James and Tanya. This is a, forgive my saying, come to Jesus moment. That. wasn. The hardest thing I've ever had to do myself personally was to confront, yeah, my pastor. Your mentor, your a senior guy. Sure. And James admitted it. He'd been sleeping with two women in the same house. But then youth pastor Jason told the detectives in that cloistered setting, James kept talking and told a terrible story. Him and Maria had had a physical altercation before she went missing. And she had scratched him on his arms. James insisted Marie was still alive the last time he saw her.


I was just so, Ruff was in shock of everything. That was it. He could not continue as Pastor James would have to resign. He announced that he and Tanya were leaving town. They were supposed to leave the following morning to say goodbye to some church members. And lo and behold, around 12 or 1230, they got in that truck and they hauled butt. They went to Arizona. They Fled Like thieves in the night with baby Grace That wasn. A few days after they left, when Jason went to the police to tell his disturbing story, They had a physical run in the day that she went missing. Then a piece of luck before they left.


Marie's friend, Kay had asked the pastor and his wife for Marie's belongings, and they gave her Marie's computer. The bad news was it had been erased, but I brought it into the sheriff's department for them to take a Look. We had our forensic tech reanalyze the computer, and it gave us a beautiful copy of her phone download that she had done when she backed her phone up. Wow. But maybe it wasn't so lucky. There were thousands of text messages, but they were an unreadable jumble of symbols and words. This particular coin though, Look at this. Marie shot this video that did survive showing the pastor Hawking gold and silver online.


Apparently while running the church. He's valuing this coin at over $500. Let me tell you, that's exciting stuff. Was James just a pastor or a part-time? Flimflam man. So this is where things stood. When an anonymous tip came in and Roll coast crime stoppers Startling. If true, it would solve the case. And in the tip it says that James buried her in the backyard. That's some tip. Yeah. I can remember getting that tip and thinking no way. Like who would, who would kill somebody and bury them in their own backyard? Could be bogus, of course.


Just another false lead. But Nestle was hopeful. We brought cadaver dogs and ground penetrating radar, and we didn't find anything. Nothing. Nothing. Nobody. So what happened to Marie? More months went by. Police kept trying to speak with James, but got no response. Hi James. I Can't. And then after a whole year, they tried again and he picked up. I had been asked by our, not to talk to anyone without him there, But he did talk, talked for two hours, in fact, from his car, the time sounding like he was the victim.


One emotion said, I felt over the past year and a month, you know, anger at Marie for going and not letting us know what's going on. And then back to anger at myself for not making a phone call to get her help and anger at myself for ever letting the relationship became what it became. The pastor said he knew he was the prime suspect. I am terrified of the prospect of Marie taking her own life. And if she did, then I pray she didn't. I hope she did it very, very, very, very, very, very, very far away. Because if they find one little bone that somehow could be connected with her there, it's my fault.


I'm sure it's the way people would look at it. That wasn. James, do you know where Marie is? No, I do not. If I did, I would go get her. Did you kill Marie Carlson? No. And that was that they were stalled. Marie was missing. And the case was getting very cold Coming up, new revelations from the pastor. They were sending pornographic photos back and forth from the church. And an answer at last to the biggest mystery of all, where was Marie? I was pretty devastated. I felt like I missed her.


Unlike a fine wine, a cold case doesn't get better with age, it just gets colder. And State attorney Bill Edins wasn't optimistic. It whatever be solved, what chance did you give it? I really felt that That wasn about a 50 50 chance of it being solved. Edins assigned one of his most experienced prosecutors, Angela Mason, to work on it. She wasn't optimistic either. I was certainly vulnerable in that I did not have a body. I also was vulnerable with the Tanya Element that people thought she could be a suspect. And then three years after Marie disappeared, the most amazing thing happened. Marie's computer yielded to a new forensics program and out spilled in Crims and blushing clarity text messages between Marie and James.


I love you. I love you so much. And getting graphic details of what he wants to do with her kind of Pornographic, Pornographic, E even to the point that we're sending pornographic photos with each other from the church. Some things are hard to unsee, they'll spare you. Oh, and most important, everything stopped the day she disappeared. No credit cards, no phones. I thought that was strong evidence that she was in fact dead and not in fact missing. And her last conversation with a family member was She wanted out of the circumstances she was in, but she wasn't gonna leave her baby behind. And then there was this one of those sermons posted on YouTube just a month before Marie vanished.


And now in the evidence file. Now, whenever someone is backstabbing me, lying about me, gossiping about me trying to tear me down or whatever, you know what I want to do, my feelings say, choke the life out of them. Is that what the pastor did to Marie? The detectives spelled out their case circumstantial difficult, but the prosecutors bought it. And James Flanders was charged with second degree murder. Persistence paid off. We were four and a half years in. Most people would've given up by now. But as the pastor waited in jail for his trial, his attorney and former church member Glenn Eck was optimistic.


What did you think your chances were if you went to trial? I don't believe that the state had second degree murder. They didn't have a body. Maybe not. But as the pastor and his attorney looked at the evidence that might put him in prison for life just before the trial, they made a deal. The state reduced the charge from second degree murder to manslaughter. And James agreed to tell them what he did to Marie and where he put her Marie's family. Grudgingly agreed. That was the hardest thing. But I wanted to know where my sister was. I didn't wanna go years and years and years and not know As much as I just absolutely hated to agree to it.


I knew I was probably the only way First. As part of the deal, the pastor told the story of Marie of the polygamy arrangement As if she was another wife. Okay? Although he never had a ceremony or anything like that. He said Marie even had a name for their relationship. Marie called it a throuple. Throuple. Then the pastor offered his version of that last awful night. He claimed that Marie was in a downward spiral mentally and erupted after he told her she should be hospitalized for depression. He hit me in the chest and I grabbed a hold of her and just hugged his side if I could.


And the scuffle, we fell down on the floor. When we hit the floor, we hit hard and we realized something wasn't right. I rolled her over me and she wasn't breathing. A fatal bear hug, not possible thought. Nestle. And then she braced for the answer. She'd waited five years to hear, Did you bury Maria in the backyard? I'll tell you exactly what that is. That where you buried her? Yes. At that point, the detective got up and left the room. Nestle passed me a note that said I missed her.


I was pretty devastated. I was in that backyard in 2012. Not like you didn't look. Yeah, but you know, human nature, you still have a a, the guilt, the feeling of I could have found her six months after she was reported missing. The pastor insisted that Tanya wasn't around, was shopping, knew nothing. Did you get her buried before Tanya came back? Oh yeah. Yeah. Do you wonder whether Tanya had more to do with this? I think that'll always be in the back of our minds. But you know, I think she may have known more than she wants to say.


But Tanya was never charged. And her defense attorney said she was truly shocked by James' Confession. I could tell you as a matter of fact, from having to tell her what happened she did not know. Later that afternoon, Nestle escorted James Flanders into his former backyard where he marked with little flags, the spot where he buried Marie Carlson five years earlier. And then he fell on the ground and cried and told her, I'm sorry, what an act thought. Nestle it took hours, but finally, almost five feet deep wrapped in a blanket.


They found what was left of Marie. I was shaking. I was crying so much. I don't think I've ever cried so loud. Nestle and prosecutor Angela Mason wept too. It's my fault. Back in court that afternoon, James Flanders was sentenced to 15 years. He's gonna get to have a life after he's done. Marie's gone forever. She doesn't get a life, especially with her kids, which is for most mothers, for, for the world. Jeff Carlson had to tell his daughter, Paris.


Her mom was not coming back. Wasn't easy. What do you say? You don't know how to prepare them for the future of living with this. He deprived her of her mother. Later. Marie's family and many others gathered for a celebration of Marie's life. They did her favorite thing. They sang karaoke. And Esther told us that when Marie's daughter Paris came to visit her cousin, Esther's daughter, the two would sit down at the piano and play, make music just like their mothers years ago. And Grace, I wanna tell her all about her mom.


It's, it's one of those where I just, I wanna show her, you know, like your mother really did love you. Maybe someday she'll know about that Uncontainable woman who, well, she stayed brought Joy Marie. That's all. For now. I'm Lester Holt. Thanks for joining us.