
Hi Dateline listeners. It's Josh Menowitz and I'm here to tell you about a very special Documentary Series premiering this weekend on M-S-N-B-C. It's called The Sing Sing Chronicles. And it follows my Dateline colleague, Producer Dan Slepian, in his 20 year journey, investigating five different homicide cases in New York City. Dan was on a quest to determine whether the men convicted in those cases were actually guilty. The series is built on more than a thousand hours of videos he himself shot. And what Dan Uncovered will surprise you. So don't miss this special two night television event airing Saturday and Sunday, November 23rd and 24th at 9:00 PM Eastern Time on M-S-N-B-C. Now, here's an exclusive preview from The Sing Sing Chronicles That wasn, right after nine 11, the NYPD were the heroes of the city, the rock stars of the country. And I thought, maybe I can have access to the NYPD to follow these detectives as they investigate homicides that was embedded with Bronx homicide detectives, Don't you come down, open the door. Bobby Ra police back off, and his partner John Schwartz. This is a time season. See, you've been a cop a long time, almost 20 years. This is the twilight of your career. Just Pause. Look. I walked into that building so young, eager, so unbelievably naive. These were tough guys. And I was ready, you know, to see how they solved murders. That's why I was there. We were out at dinner one night and I said to Bobby, you must bring this job home with you. Everything that you see. And He says, I really don't except this one case. This one case has been bothering me for about a decade. I said, what's that about? You told me that this is gonna haunt me. It's gonna haunt you. You think, oh, without a doubt, because it's not only gonna haunt you, it's gonna haunt you till there's, till there's closure. And even after the closure, it's still gonna haunt you. Why? Thanksgiving night of 1990, there was a shooting at the Palladium nightclub. One man is dead and another injured after a shooting at a Manhattan hotspot. It happened early this morning at the Palladium, after some customers were thrown out for fighting. Police say some customers were thrown out, but they returned Shooting Marcus Peterson. A bouncer was shot and killed. Another bouncer was wounded. Witnesses identified a couple of guys, David limus and Oma Hogo. They were arrested, tried and convicted for the murder of Marcus Peters, but they convicted the wrong guys. You think they had nothing to do with this crime? I know they had nothing to do with this, and they still sit in prison. The Sing Sing Chronicles will air on M-S-N-B-C as a special two night event on Saturday and Sunday, November 23rd and 24th at 9:00 PM Eastern. I hope you'll tune in to watch.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh, or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team shit height, the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the Sports book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense. Remind you to play responsibly. Cbet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem. Call one 800 gambler.