
Hey everyone, it's Jenna Busch Hager from today with Jenna and Friends reminding you to check out my podcast open book with Jenna. On this week's episode, I sit down with bestselling author Rebecca Yaros, to talk about how she drew on her experience with chronic illness and life in a military family To write fourth wing and her process to plot out five books in the series. You can listen to the full conversation now by searching open book with Jenna wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, good morning, Dateline Story meeting is getting underway. We're Talking about losing my hour of light. I'm Just talking to William who's here watering the plants and he is not happy with it. Me either. Our editorial team is catching up on the latest twists and turns in cases we've been watching around the country. I Wonder, I mean, do we think she would ever talk? Would we be interested in That? Monica supposedly has her lover saying she didn't do it, I did it. He Thinks the family of the missing woman feels something happened to her, but they have no evidence of that yet. Welcome to Dateline True Crime Weekly. I'm Andrea Canning. It's March 13th and here's what's on our docket. After a college student was murdered in a New York town over two decades ago, her family refused to stop looking for answers.


This week, the trial of her accused killer finally began Megan's family and the New York State Police say that one person really stood in the way. We've got our roundup of the latest crime headlines, A verdict in the third murder trial of Dana Chandler, the latest on the search for a college student who disappeared on spring break in the Dominican Republic and an update from the prosecutor handling the Menendez brothers case. He says the brothers haven't taken responsibility Plus expert witnesses in the courtroom. After Karen Reed's defense team came under fire recently for their use of expert witnesses, we wondered what are the rules? NBC News legal analyst Danny Cevallos breaks it down for us.


Not only do they take money, they take a lot of money, but before all that, we're heading to Idaho where we learned terrifying new details last week about the night four students were murdered in 2022. It's a case you know, well by now, four University of Idaho students stabbed to death in their beds. In November of 2022, Brian Berger, the man charged with their murders and who has pleaded not guilty is set to go on trial in August. But many details in the case have been filed under seal, kept out of the public eye until last week when Judge Steven Hitler ordered more than a dozen filings be unsealed. And what those filings revealed are harrowing details from the night and morning after the murders, as told in real time by the two roommates who survived.


Here to help us break down what we've learned is NBC News Senior legal correspondent Laura Jarrett. Hey Laura, always Happy to be with You. Thank you for coming on. So this, this is pretty big. It hasn't been often in this case that we've gotten these sorts of documents unsealed. Any idea, first of all why these courts filings are being unsealed now? Yeah, so I think partly the background here is that there is a relatively new judge on the case who is acting a lot more expeditiously on everything and has a much different approach to sealing. Some judges are very lenient with sealing, some judges really don't like it. Given that these two surviving roommates are likely gonna be called to testify at trial, I'm sure the judge's position is all of this is is gonna come out pretty soon anyway.


So there's really not the same urgency in keeping it secret. What are the the big new things that we've learned from these motions being unsealed? The biggest revelations are the transcript of the nine one one call and the text messages that are being sent between the two surviving roommates around four in the morning of the night that the students were killed and all of that we had never seen before. The text messages and phone calls really help give a timeline of what these surviving roommates experienced. It's very terrifying. Around 4:19 AM one of the roommates, Dylan Mortenson, is woken up and has presumably seen a stranger in the house and the filing reveals that she calls her housemates out of fear and really to warn them right?


And she was clearly freaked out. You see her even say, I'm, I'm so freaked out right now. And then a few minutes later, according to the filing, Dylan who is on the second floor texts, the other roommate, Bethany Funk, who is in the basement about what she sees the stranger wearing, she says it's like a, a ski mask almost. It's also clear they're not quite sure what they saw. Yeah. You know, by all accounts was this was a party house, right? There's a lot of people coming in and out. And so I don't think That wasn that unusual for them to probably see someone that they didn't know in the house, but they were scared enough that it appears from their text messages that they hunker down together in the bedroom.


'cause you can see one saying the other come here run. And then you don't see them say anything until the next morning around 10 30 they start texting their deceased roommates, not knowing of course that they had been killed, saying awful, please answer. And then they finally call 9 1 1. And so the, the unsealing of the transcript, the nine one one call that was placed about the murders, that gives also a window into what happened the following morning. Yeah. So we knew they called 9 1 1 obviously, And we knew when they called, but we hadn't seen sort of the back and forth. And what becomes clear is at least one or possibly two other individuals and friends come over to the house, they go look and they find Zana carle's body and they say to the 9 1 1 operator, something has happened in our house.


We don't know what, but you have to come over here because something has happened. And they say she's not waking up and you think like, gosh, they've been stabbed. What a horrific scene they must have seen there. But it's interesting they don't say that on the 9 1 1 tape and it's just, is it the shock? Is That wasn it too overwhelming? Could they not tell right away? It's unclear what's going on there, but they don't mention any blood on the 9 1 1 call, which I thought was curious. But again, it's hard to know. Is it they're so overwhelmed in the moment or they didn't see Another filing that was unsealed last week was one from the defense team. They've previously tried to get the death penalty taken off the table for coberg unsuccessfully, but they are trying again and this time with a different argument.


They are saying that a psychological evaluation shows Berger has autism spectrum disorder and that subjecting him to the death penalty would be cruel and unusual punishment. The judge has not yet resolved that motion. So it's gonna be interesting to see how he handles it, but given his posture on the other death penalty motions, I think it's gonna be an uphill battle for the defense team. Also, because the state of Idaho does not use mental difference or disability or illness as a way of changing the culpability of, of somebody's mental state when it comes to a case like this. And so it's not at least so far been a grounds to get the, the death penalty stricken in Idaho.


Another big motion from the defense, they're asking to limit the use of some words in trial. Yeah. Words that could be key in a murder case. Yeah, they wanna limit the use of the word murderer, which you can imagine a prosecutor's gonna fight that 'cause they were gonna gonna use that in closing as in openings. They also wanna limit the use of the word psychopath and sociopath, which in my mind are like medical definitions that actually have specific meanings. And so I'm not sure that the prosecutors would've intended to use those terms anyway. And then they also wanna keep out the phrase bushy eyebrows, which is gonna be a big fight. The surviving roommates, at least one of them reported to authorities that she saw a masked man with bushy eyebrows.


That's gonna become an important fact, I think later on at trial as that sort of the only person who's still living that's gonna be able to Id Brian Berger in some way. Now of course, bushy eyebrows, it's not like a tattoo or a birthmark or something. There's lots of people who have bushy eyebrows and I'm sure he's gonna say, that's not enough to ID him, but that's really all authorities have for someone spotting him in the house. And so there's gonna be a fight about that. Do you expect these motions to possibly get approved or when can we expect another ruling given the, that the judge is moving quickly, I would think in at least the next few weeks or so. 'cause so much of this just has to get wrapped up to keep the trial date, which the judge intends to keep at least so far.


And it seems like, you know, August is a while out from right now, but these, these things have a way of, of taking a while. And so I would imagine the judge is gonna get all of this wrapped up pretty soon. Fascinating case and very scary and sad case as well. Laura, thank you for breaking this all down for us as we inch closer and closer to trial. Anytime coming up as a murder trial begins in a more than 20-year-old cold case. The victim's family says the local prosecutor has some explaining to do.


Hey guys, Willie Geist here reminding you to check out the Sunday Sit Down podcast. This week's episode, I get together with one of the brightest stars in all of music right now. Jelly Roll telling me about singing those hits that inspire and telling the story of his rise from a difficult past. You can get our conversation now for free wherever you download your podcasts.


Hey everybody, I'm Al Roker from the Today Show. Let's kickstart your wellness journey with the all new start today app. Everything you need for a healthier you all in one place, fitness challenges for all levels, meal plans that are easy and delicious and so much more. It's built to fit your lifestyle and our experts will guide you every step of the way. Come on, let's do This. To subscribe, download, start Today from the App store on your Apple device. Now terms apply. Cancel anytime through Apple under profile settings


That wasn late past midnight when they broke into the farmhouse. Never in a million years would you think that you'd see your parents' house taped off by that yellow tape, Rome. And they said, you remember dad up being killed. They left behind a wall of blood and a clue that took a case of double murder On a long strange trip, She looked at me and she said, I'm screwed.


Murder in the Moonlight. A new podcast from Dateline. All episodes of Murder in the Moonlight are available now to listen ad free. Subscribe to Dateline Premium on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or dateline premium.com.


On March 13th, 2003, 20-year-old Megan McDonald did what any college student might do. On a Thursday night, she went to a friend's house to watch tv. She stopped by a birthday party, but the next day her family and friends couldn't reach her. And her body was later found on a dirt path in Orange County, New York, the cause of death, blunt force trauma with multiple fractures to her skull. In April, 2023, there was finally an arrest in the case. Here's our affiliate NBC four, New York State Police revealing this afternoon that DNA evidence linked the alleged killer to the crime scene, McDonald's family telling us that they've been waiting for this day for 20 years.


And this week the trial of Meghan's alleged killer finally began. But Meghan's family wants to know what took so long and they aren't the only ones in a startling turn of events. New York State police investigators are also pointing the finger at a man they say stood in the way of justice. And that is the local district attorney Dateline digital producer Veronica Mika is here to bring us up to speed. Veronica, welcome back to the podcast. Thanks for having me. Yeah, so let's just start with, tell us about Megan McDonald. Who was she? Yeah, Absolutely. She, you know, was a student at SUNY Orange Community College. I've spoken with her sister Karen and her brother-in-law James.


And they both describe her as warm, loving, compassionate, you know, she was the life of the party. Big bright smile. So Veronica, what do we know about the last day of Megan's life? Yeah, so Megan was actually a waitress. She was working a shift and then she spent the evening hanging out with friends. And then the following day she was scheduled to work again at that cafe at about noon. And then so her family and friends really knew something was wrong when she didn't show up for work. Investigators learned that Megan had stopped by a birthday party that Thursday night, but she didn't go inside. Yes. So That wasn a birthday party for someone's 21st.


And she had driven by the party before she went to go hang out with her friend and watch the TV show friends. And she had said to two people that she didn't want to go inside because there was someone there named Edward Holly, who she did not want to see. Megan had dated Holly. And according to conversations and information that's come out from the investigation, he owed her money and she had also tried to cut off the relationship in the days before she died. So it sounds Like things weren't great between the two of them, but Megan did end up going back to that birthday party and then this ends up being the last time she's seen alive, right?


Yes. So according to investigators, Megan had told some friends that she was going to be looking for marijuana and she had planned to actually ask Holly for some on her way back home. We know Megan's body was found on a dirt path and her car was found parked in an apartment complex nearby. But Veronica, do we know what happened when she left the birthday party? Did anyone see anything? Some witnesses say that they saw someone driving her car through the parking lot the night that investigators say she was killed. And that That wasn being followed closely by a dark colored Honda Civic that had a noticeably loud sound system, which Holly's mother had a purple Honda Civic hatchback registered to her, and Holly was known to drive that during the timeframe of the murder.


So Holly was interviewed by police all those years ago, and at some point the investigation hit a wall, but they took another look at him, Holly, kind of the statements that he had been making to police through the years, they realized that there were inconsistencies. So Edward Hawley became the prime suspect, but investigators also say Holly wasn't the only one at the scene of the murder, right? So they believe that he was in the backseat of her car and that there was someone else also in the car who they refer to as suspect number two. Suspect number two is someone that actually died many years ago, but he had come forward to a defense attorney and said he had details about the night of Meghan's murder and he wanted to take a plea deal.


Why didn't that go anywhere? You know, I'm not sure why that didn't go anywhere at the time. All right, so Edward Hawley was indicted in January, 2024. He is pleaded not guilty to second degree murder charges. And his defense says the prosecution's looking in the wrong place, that they should really be looking at a different ex-boyfriend. So we'll learn a lot more over the coming weeks at trial. But one really important thing looming over all of this is Megan's family, her family says the case against Holly should have been made years ago. They want answers. Why did this take so long? So Megan's family, and you know, the New York State police say that one person really stood in the way of getting these answers sooner.


And they say that person was the Orange County District Attorney David ler. Did he feel like there was not enough to go after Holly? That is something that he has said previously. He felt there wasn't enough to bring the case before a grand jury. But Hoer is the person who was the defense attorney that suspect number two had come to back 2008 before Hoer was the district attorney when LER became the da. He did have an opportunity to recuse himself from the case at the time, but he did not. So the New York State Police, there was an internal report that found that as da, he deliberately tampered with the investigation and he has made statements to NBC news about this.


He did say any suggestion that I or anyone in my office did anything to tamper with or in some fashion compromise the investigation into Ms. McDonald's death is inaccurate, unfair, and offensive. He remains the da, but he has recused himself from this case. And Two special prosecutors have been appointed who are outside LERs office to try the case. Megan's mom was on the stand earlier this week. This mu must be just so hard for them on so many levels. Yeah, so Megan's family has been holding steady over the last 20 plus years. You know, they obviously are still reeling from the pain of losing Megan, but they did say that they trust the legal system to hold the person responsible for Megan's murder accountable.


Veronica, thank you so much. This is such a sad story that the family has had to deal with this for this long. We'll see what happens. Thank you. Up next. It's time for Dateline Roundup. We'll have the latest on the Menendez Brothers efforts to get out of prison and new information about the college student missing in the Caribbean. The last known person to see her on the beach that night was a 24-year-old from Iowa. Does his story add up? Plus we're taking a look at expert witnesses. We'll do a deep dive into their role in the courtroom and why Karen Reed's defense team is in hot water.


Every morning we choose how to begin our day. This is today. I think about the people at home. They tune in because they are curious. They care about their world and they care about each other. There's Always something new to learn, whether a news event or a new recipe. And when we step through the morning together, it makes the rest of the day back. We come here to make the most of today, we are family. We are today. Watch the Today Show with Savannah Guthrie and Craig Melvin. Weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.


Over the past several days, three females have been found dead. Looks like someone's going after these girls, then they have to know to wash their backs Streaming. Now you Really want what happen If this, when that happened to you. Exactly. Why I need to keep going on this Starring Emmy Award winner, Amanda Seyfried, I'm worried about what you're gonna find. So am I. Long Bright River, a limited series streaming now only on Peacock.


Hello Dateline listeners. Are you thinking? Oh no, it's an ad. Honestly, that's what most people think at this point. So to spare us all, I'm here with a special offer. Add free listening to all of dateline's True Crime Library. Subscribe to Dateline Premium now and get 25% off the annual subscription price. This is a limited time offer terms and conditions apply. Find all the details@datelinepremium.com and kiss your ads. Goodbye. Go ahead, I'll be okay. And so will you subscribe and save. Now


Welcome Back to the show. For this week's roundup, we've asked Dateline producer Sergey Avon to join us. Hey Sergey. Hi Andrea. Good to see you. You too. So the case getting the most attention this week, as it has for almost six months now, is Lyle and Eric Menendez, who are still fighting to get out of prison. They have been incarcerated for almost 30 years, since being convicted for killing their parents back in 1989. We have a new DA in town, Sergey as of last year, and he was gonna make some decisions. So what is the latest on the brothers? Yeah. Last October, the former LA County DA filed a motion asking the court to consider re resentencing the brothers.


But then a new DA was elected and his name is Nathan Hockman. And Monday he gave a press conference. He's asking the court to reverse what the previous DA did. He wants to withdraw the motion asking for the brothers re-sentencing, and said that at a hearing scheduled for late next week, he will argue that the brothers should not be made eligible for parole. This is a big blow for the brothers, you know, they were finally getting some traction. What do we know about what he sees differently? Why this big reversal? Different beliefs? Right. Well this DA came out and said, look, we might be amenable to S resentencing, but He says the brothers haven't taken responsibility. If The Menendez brothers at some point unequivocally sincerely and fully accept complete responsibility for all their criminal actions, acknowledge that the self-defense defense was phony and their parents weren't going to kill them the night of August 20th when they murdered them in cold blood, the District attorney's office will reconsider whether or not we would want to go forward with a S resentencing motion.


So the Menendez brothers had a reaction through their lawyer who spoke to the Today Show. Have You spoken to Lyle and Eric since this happened and what's their reaction? I had Already prepared him for it. I mean, this DA had made up his mind. Their Lawyer said, the DA is showboating and grandstanding and trying to confuse the issue and put the ball back in the governor's court. This Da retraumatizes the family repeatedly. Well honey, he's the, he's the almost serially abusing them with his lies. Their extended family put out a statement saying the DA has blinders on the fact that Eric and Lyle were repeatedly abused, feared for their lives and have a tone for their actions.


And, and another twist is that the only family member Kitty's brother, who for a long time opposed their release. He died last week. So no. Right. Oh wow. As things stand today, all the people affected are united in wanting ly and Eric out. Okay, let's talk about a trial that we've been watching closely. Dana Chandler's third prosecution on charges of killing her ex-husband and his girlfriend. This is happening in Kansas. This is a story that you've been working on. Sergey, tell us what the, the latest is there? Well, yes, this is the case where the defendant chose to represent herself, called herself as a witness for the defense and spoke for days.


So proceedings took longer than anyone expected. The first trial, the jury convicted her, that conviction was thrown out by the Kansas Supreme Court. The second one was a hung jury. And now we have this third jury that did come to a resolution. We, The jury, find Dana Chandler guilty of murder in the first degree as charged in count one, verdict form count two, we the jury find Dana Chandler guilty of murder in the first degree as charging in count two. Okay. The reaction in the courtroom was actually pretty anti-climatic, I would say. Dana turned to her family and her supporters before she was handcuffed and walked out her face, said as though she had anticipated that outcome.


Yeah, this has been a long saga. We'll see if it's actually truly over. I suspect it's not. The last we heard of Dana Chandler. Exactly. Finally, last week, a 20-year-old pre-med student from Northern Virginia, Shaw Kki was reported missing by her friends. The group of six women were at a resort in the Dominican Republic for spring break and Sergei, the first reporting was that she went out for a walk on the beach and, and didn't come back. New information keeps coming out as this story picks up traction. What we know is like the whole group of them went to the beach. They were there at four in the morning, as you know, students are known to do.


And then they left her there with a guy they sang who had been partying with them earlier that night. There's still a massive surge on for her. They're looking for in the water on land, helicopters, drones, investigators have said they're looking at surveillance footage from the moment that, you know, those students landed last week. You know, the State Department, the FBI, the DEA, they're all involved in this. But an interesting thing is that her friends, you know, her friends who stayed on the beach and parted, they did not say anything. They didn't report 'em missing until 4:00 PM I know her local sheriff from Virginia has been very vocal about this as well. And he has named a person of interest. As of now, this has not been declared a criminal investigation, but do investigators think foul play was involved?


The last person seen with her was a 24-year-old from Iowa, who was a guest at the resort as well. And according to the police, he told three different stories. So on Monday the sheriff in Virginia filed an Interpol alert. It's a worldwide police alert for a missing person. Yeah, Let's hope that the family gets answers soon. Thank you so much Sergey, for bringing us Roundup this week. My pleasure. For our final story, we're getting to the bottom of a legal question that recently stopped one of Karen Reed's pretrial hearings in its tracks. As you all know, Karen Reed is the Massachusetts woman being retried in April on charges she murdered her police officer boyfriend John O'Keefe, an accusation she vehemently denies.


But this week we're not talking about what Karen did or didn't do. We're talking about her defense team. As we told you on the podcast a few weeks ago, the prosecution has accused Reed's lawyers of being misleading about their use of expert witnesses. We've covered lots of trials here at Dateline that feature expert witnesses. So this made us wonder what the rules actually are. Here to break it down for us is NBC Legal Analyst and a criminal defense attorney himself, Danny Cavalos. Hey Danny. Hey, thanks for having me. So To start mean, I know this feels like a fairly obvious question, but it's really important. Why are expert witnesses called to testify during trials?


Expert witnesses serve a very specific function. If the subject of their testimony is going to be outside the knowledge of your ordinary juror, then you may be permitted to call an expert witness in that area. And I think some people are surprised to learn that some of these experts take money to testify. Oh, not only do they take money, they take a lot of money. If you have the world's foremost expert on fingerprints, DNA, any of these hyper-technical issues, this is somebody that's going to be expensive. And the other important point is that the, the other side is not only permitted to usually discover that, but also you can bet they're going to raise that in their cross-examination just as a matter of course, it's something we always do.


Isn't it true that you were paid over a hundred thousand dollars for your testimony? And that's true, but it's often justified. And so it, you know, it brings up that, that challenge for the juror. Of course the prosecution is only gonna put someone on the stand who agrees with the narrative that they're painting. And the defense is only gonna put someone on the stand. You know, who agrees with the narrative they're painting. And having talked to jurors a lot after some of these trials, you know, you'll hear them say, well, they canceled each other out. So it's tricky. Yeah. You're talking about a phenomenon we call Battle of the Experts. You know, we think of something like science as immutable or unchangeable, and yet it's not too hard to go out and find two experts who will take dramatically different positions on either side.


Now is that only because they're being paid? No, not necessarily. I mean, you can cherry pick your area of expertise to fit what you need in your trial. But yes, you're absolutely right. As you've seen, all too often you'll have experts take the stand and completely contradict each other and leave it for the jury to decide who they like the best. And a lot of times on Dateline, we hear that term junk science where you know, the, this expert will present something and then the the opposing, you know, attorneys will say, Hey, this is, this is junk. You're exactly right. So there are limitations on expert testimony. I mean, you can't just make up an area of science that serves your purpose and then say you're entitled to call an expert to testify about that area.


So the judge acts as a gatekeeper before the jury ever hears that testimony to determine that this is a legitimate area, whether it be scientific, technical, whatever the case may be, it's gotta meet at least a minimum standard before a judge allows any old expert to come in and start testifying to a jury. So that brings us to the Karen Reed case. Can you break down for us what the judge's issue was exactly with the defense and these experts? This is a very unusual situation. This controversy involves accident reconstruction experts. The defense didn't actually hire these experts. The defense used these experts after they had already been retained by a federal agency conducting its own investigation.


What's alleged is that the defense team said to the court and to the prosecution, we have had limited access to these guys. We're basically taking them as we find them. We're barely talking to them, we haven't paid them anything. Well, now it seems that the defense may have possibly violated their obligation to disclose information about the level of, let's say, coziness that the defense had with these experts. Prosecutors allege that there were emails between the defense team and these experts, and in addition, an alleged payment of about $24,000 if true and this wasn't disclosed.


That's a huge problem for the defense. And The defense is saying they're not hiding anything, that working with these experts that simply their statements in previous motions were poorly worded. Do is that, do you buy that? That may be a lot of what we call lawyerly backpedaling at this point. But here's the thing, you've gotta disclose information about your expert. You've gotta give the other side the opportunity to cross examine them as completely as they can. Reed's Pretrial hearings resume on March 18th and we'll certainly be watching. Danny, thanks so much for joining us. Thanks For having me. That's it for this episode of Dateline True Crime Weekly. To find out more about the cases discussed on the podcast, check out dateline true crime weekly.com.


And if you've got any questions for us, hit us up on social at Dateline NBC. And coming up this week on Dateline Blaine has an all new two hour episode after a beloved art teacher is shot to death in her home. Her husband tells investigators about the other woman and their unusual marriage, a mistress with the key to the whole mystery. What did you think? It just seemed an odd situation. Is there anything that you would like to add to this statement? I hope to catch it. Watch Deadly Entanglement this Friday on NBC at nine eight Central or stream it on Peacock starting this Saturday. Thanks for listening. Dateline True Crime Weekly is produced by Frannie Kelly and Katie Ferguson.


Our associate producers are Carson Cummins. And Caroline Casey. Our senior producer is Liz Brown, Karloff production and fact checking help by Sarah Kir. Veronica Mika is our digital producer. Rick Kwan is our sound designer. Original music by Jesse McGinty. Bryson Barnes is head of audio production. Paul Ryan is executive producer and Liz Cole is senior executive producer of Dateline. Have a great day, everybody. Bye-bye. Bye everyone. Friday night on an all new Dateline. Oh My gosh. It's like one of those crazy movies.


Tell me it's a lie. Tell me. It's a lie Behind closed doors. Anything can happen. Have you ever heard a motive like that? No, I've never had a case like that before. Talk about twists. I was completely blown away how it all played out. An all new Dateline Friday night at nine eight Central. Only on NBC.