
Brought to you by the Capital One Venture X card. If you love to travel, the Capital One Venture X card is perfect for you. Earn unlimited double miles on your purchases and turn them into extraordinary travel. Enjoy premium benefits at a collection of luxury hotels when you book through Capital One Travel and get access to over 1000 airport lounges worldwide. Capital One, what's in your wallet? Terms supply. See capital one.com for details.


Thumbtack presents the ins and outs of caring for your home out in decision overthinking. Second, guessing every choice you make in plans and guides that make it easy to get home projects done. Out beige on beige on beige in knowing what to do, when to do it, and who to hire. Start caring for your home with confidence. Download Thumbtack today.


Hi everyone. I'm Andrea Canning and we are Talking Dateline. Today I am joined by Keith Morrison to discuss his latest episode, Lori Vallow Daybell, The Jailhouse Interview. If you haven't seen it, it's the episode right below this one on your Dateline Podcast feed. So go there and listen to it or stream it on Peacock. And then come on back here. To recap, Keith brings us the first television interview with one of the most infamous women in America, one whose story he's been covering for the last five years. Lori Vallow Daybell, the woman Convicted of murdering two of her children and conspiring to murder her husband's former wife as she sits in an Arizona jail cell Awaiting yet another murder trial, one in which she'll be representing herself.


Keith asks her the hard questions we've all wanted answers to, and Lori doesn't hold back for this Talking Dateline. We have an extra clip from Keith and Lori's bombshell interview. So stay tuned for that. And with that, I say, okay, let's talk Dateline Keith. Hey, how are you? Hey. Hey. I'm, I'm good, I'm good. The weather's, the weather's perking up here. There you go. On the East Coast, spring Is almost here. Yeah. Yes, exactly. So in getting into this episode, I'm gonna start with the first 15 seconds of this show. Something that was extremely disturbing to me was Lori Vallow winking at the camera as she's walking through the hall to your interview.


Yeah. What the heck is up with that? I think that was as good a representation of her personality, her attitude, and whatever's going on inside that brain of hers as anything else. The, the wink of the camera was Lori Vallow being Lori Vallow. She's brazen if nothing else. Well, Yeah. I mean, it just, it just seemed so inappropriate. So not the tone, you know, for what she's about to talk about with you. Sure. All of it. I knew we were gonna be in for a ride after that wink. And Yes, I was. Right. Yeah. Okay. So first of all, Keith, I was really shocked at just the layers Yeah.


Of what this woman is accused of. She is deeply, deeply disturbed. Well, yes. The legal system considers her sane enough to go on trial and sane enough to represent herself in the courtroom. And she's a bright woman. There's no question about that. Very quick with a retort or whatever, but I, I really do wonder whether she is sane. Honestly, it's just my, my question. There were months and months where they delayed her trial in Idaho, the trial for killing the children. She was deemed not psychiatrically capable of facing trial of, I guess understanding the charges against her adequately.


And so she went off for treatment. She was treated for delusional disorder of extreme religious variety for months. And finally she was declared sane enough to go on trial. She was put on trial and she was convicted. Yeah. And when, when, when I say deeply disturbed, just I should note, I'm not diagnosing her. This is just No. As a viewer, nor am I saying she appears deeply disturbed based on the Yeah. The allegations based on the convictions. Sure. You know, the other thing that was just so odd about her was, and I'm curious how much she knows about your episodes, 'cause you've done this.


Oh, oh, She knows a lot. It's like, oh, yes. She was so casual with you. How was she so familiar with you? Well, the specifics of it, I cannot tell you, but I'm pretty sure she has heard a good deal of the podcast and probably has seen an episode or two of the, of the program. But she told me that she had been kinda waiting for me. She had, she had indicated that, that she wanted to talk to me. Why did she finally agree to do it? She didn't tell us. But my assumption is it has something to do with the upcoming trial. She is being tried for conspiracy to murder her fourth husband, Charles Vallow. This is the one with her brother. Yes. Well, Alex was her angel of death.


That's what the, that was the nickname that people gave him. He's dead now. He died in circumstances which seemed mysterious at the time and eventually were declared Yeah. Natural causes. Right. Natural causes. But he was the one who admitted that he shot Charles Vallow, and he claimed That wasn self-defense. The police heard what circumstances they were told by Alex and by Lori and decided, okay, well, I guess That wasn self-defense, they didn't press charges. And so That wasn only later on when the investigation was resumed and the, the police from Gilbert, Arizona conducted a significant investigation that they realized, okay, they could certainly, they felt prove a case against Lori.


And that, you know, Alex was her trigger man. Well, after covering her for so long, what was that like for you finally sitting across from her That wasn a That wasn, That wasn I, That wasn curious, when I saw her come in, I realized, okay, this is gonna be a ride. Because she just presents that way. And yeah, she had all the way along really. I mean, you look, you observe her on videotape from the very beginning. She clearly has an attitude. She clearly stuck to her guns or to whatever she claimed her beliefs were in the whole court process. And so I was expecting somebody who would be that way.


I had prepared a whole long list of things we wanted to talk to her about. And all of that kind of went out the window, as It often does. Right. As it often does. Yeah. But for reasons of her behavior, her attitude, and the fact that at the very beginning she launched into this story that was going to suggest at the end the idea that That wasn Tylee who, because she was ill. Oh gosh. And not feeling well that she suffocated her brother. Oh, that was, and then in a fitted remorse killed herself. That wasn a long buildup to it. I was, you know, I let her go on longer than I probably should have. At least it felt like that myself. And then, you know, you just have to get what answers you can, knowing that it's, she's, I mean, she's not ever going to answer a question, honestly.


No. That was what was so frustrating. You know, why sit down and do this interview if you're not going to answer questions? Well, yes. And there's that, there's a, it's a good point. But also I wanted to get a proper feel for what her attitude, her, whether her beliefs were actually her beliefs, or whether they're all made up and put on whether she is in fact delusional or whether she has a great grand strategy for somehow beating the rap. What was frustrating to me was she knew I didn't buy this story of hers for one second, but she was absolutely determined to filibuster through the 90 minutes and get that story told.


She would take little digressions, she would stop and, and she wanted to tell a, you know, a an anecdote about Tylee and some illness that she had years ago. And it, it, That wasn all kind of working out as I knew to this, to this conclusion that was frustrating. And it, because That wasn you took the time away from whatever You wanted to do. Yeah. So you got a ticking, ticking Clock. So you keep trying to Yeah. You keep trying to break through that narrative. And that's when she would get annoyed with me and, you know, say the things she said about, about me. At one point she says, she yells at you, kind of like raised voice, like get your facts straight, you know, Keith, and like, you don't, like you've been covering this story for five years.


But, and then she says, you know, rumors and she like elongates rumors, and then she starts singing. Rumor has it, and then she says to you, I thought we were gonna be friends. And then you say, I thought we are friends, aren't we? Like, what, what was that sort of part of your tactic with her? Or You don't want to put somebody on the defensive anymore than you have to because you really do want answers to questions. Yeah. So that was fairly early on in our conversation. And then you recognized to toward the end of her, I did anyway, to, toward the end of this conversation and the time is ticking by Yeah. Gotta get her on, on track here. So then I got a lot more direct with her.


Yes. There was definitely a moment where like, I saw kind of like Stern Keith come out, like answer the, you know, darn question. And you, you certainly were not her friend in that moment when you were trying to, you know, finally get her to give you some, like a real answer. When we get back, we have an extra podcast exclusive clip from Keith's jailhouse interview with Lori That wasn late past midnight when they broke into the farmhouse. Never in a million years would you think that you'd see your parents' house taped off by that yellow tape.


And they said, you mom, dad, up being killed. They left behind a wall of blood and a clue that took a case of double murder on a long, strange trip. She looked at me and she said, I'm screwed. Murder in the Moonlight. A new podcast from Dateline. All episodes of Murder in the Moonlight are available now to listen ad free, subscribe to Dateline Premium on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or dateline premium.com.


Hello, Dateline listeners. Are you thinking, oh no, it's an ad. Honestly, that's what most people think at this point. So to spare us all, I'm here with a special offer. Add free listening to all of dateline's True Crime Library. Subscribe to Dateline Premium now and get 25% off the annual subscription price. This is a limited time offer terms and conditions apply. Find all the details@datelinepremium.com and kiss your ads. Goodbye. Go ahead. I'll be okay. And so will you subscribe and save now?


Every morning we choose how to begin our day. This Is Today. I think about the people at home, they tune in because they are curious. They care about their world and they care about each other. There's Always something new to learn, whether a news event or a new recipe. And when we step through the morning together, it makes the rest of the day Back. We come here to make the most of today, we are family, we are today. Watch The Today Show with Savannah Guthrie and Craig Melvin, weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC,


The police and the prosecutors, when, when asked about the motivations for these crimes, they would say that the motives are money, lust, and power. They, the, this really had not that much to do with actual religious P principles, But why kill your children though if it's about money, lust, and power? Anybody Who was stood in their way, they had to get 'em outta the way. And Chad conveniently had come up with this philosophy, this religious idea, and he came up with it. Well, he was a, a sexton in a cemetery. He dug graves, but he had this notion that he was talking to dead people all the time. And that the, the veil between life and death is really permeable.


And you could go back and forth and he could go to heaven and see Jesus and, and come back again. And if he declared that somebody had turned dark or had become a zombie, or gave him a name like Ned Schneider, it meant that they had been possessed by evil, by the devil. Hmm. And that in order to save their souls, they needed to be ushered across the veil. And that's a polite way of saying that killed. So That's like with the, with the children, then that's how they saw the children. That's how they saw the children. And that's, and you know, so then Lori's saying to me in, in prison, well I, you know, I see the children in my cell every night and we're, you know, we love each other and very, very close.


That sort of thing. You know, it's, it fits with the notion of what they were doing to these people and what the reason their public reasoning behind That wasn. But again, the authorities don't really buy that. They think it's something else, something more, more venal. As for, you know, whether That wasn Lori, who was making these decisions, or whether she was acting at the behest of Chad, she doesn't act at anybody's behest, was my, was my opinion after talking to her. That, that the, the police tended to believe that Chad was the prime manipulator. They manipulated each other and she was a tremendously manipulative person.


He came up with the ideas, but man, oh man, she has an ability to make somebody do what she wants them to do. And Keith, we actually have some extra sound from Lori talking about Chad, if we wanna take a listen to that. How do you feel about Chad now? I love Chad. Like I love everybody. Love Everybody like you. Love every Chad. Well, I love Chad of course. And I love everybody. Love him like a husband still. You, you still in love with him. Absolutely. Almost attracted you. Loved for eternities Eternities. I have loved him for eternities in past and I will love him for eternities in the future. So why was it so important to get married to Chad when he was already married to Tammy?


I didn't get married to Chad when he was married to Tammy, so I don't know what you're talking about. Well, but Tammy was ushered out of this existence and the trial's conclusion was That she was murdered. So let's, let's go with if Tammy was not died of natural causes. Right. But She didn't. But anyway, let's go with it's, Let's go with it. Okay. Because I know the truth and it's my knowledge, so I see. Let's go with it. Okay. All. So if Tammy died of natural causes, then what happened? I got married to Chad after his first wife, who was my friend passed away. And you bought the engagement rings before or the wedding rings. That is before an untrue statement. You don't know what you're talking about on that one. No. But, but there was proof that the rings were purchased. Of course, of course there Was.


So, but sure excuse Was that, that she bought them for Zulema? The, the woman who was married to Alex. Does. So do Lori and Chad still speak, whether it's by phone or mail, or is there some communication there? Not able to, no. They're, you know, Chad being a death row. I don't think he gets to talk to people outside and, you know, they communicate extra terrestrially. Ah, what did she mention? What kind of conversations they have? No, just that they love each other and that they see each other and she will be, oh. And you know, they, she fully expects to be exonerated. She got onto that track Right. Pretty quick as soon as we started talking about it. I don't know about that one. I, I don't know.


She may have some wishful thinking there. Oh, Absolutely. In my opinion. Anyway, but yeah. Yeah. It's interesting when you look back at Lori when, you know, in the days before all of this and just, you know, pretty bubbly. I couldn't believe she was on Wheel of Fortune. Sure. And then you look at Lori And Miss Texas, that was Yes. Quite something. The, the beauty pageant. I mean, this woman, you know, she was poised to have a great life. And then you look at her now and you're like, what, what happened? I, yeah, Well you kind of wonder about where she came from too. And what surprises me in and impresses me, frankly in this story is Kolby.


Yeah. Colby has come out of this. So, you know, he's a, he's a really impressive guy and he's, he's, yeah. Trying to break that chain. It's still difficult for him, but he is, he is healing. He uses his, his podcast I think, or is YouTube as a kind of a way of helping him. And it does help apparently. Yeah. And he has a family, which is so nice. And I, you know, I can imagine given what he's been through that, you know, I, I don't know him, but that he'll be a great dad and, you know, he'll, he'll just work extra hard to make sure those kids have a good life. There's something called an ACE score, adverse Childhood Experiences.


And that they, they are a pretty good indicator of what somebody's gonna be like later on in life, or at least the sorts of challenges that they will face. And I would think that Kolby has a pretty high ACE score and yet somehow he has come through it. Yeah. I I really, that was, that was like the bright spot, you know, in all of this. Yeah, that's right. Was just to see him surviving up. Next, your questions from social media.


Hey everybody, I'm Al Roker from The Today Show. Let's kickstart your wellness journey with the all new Start Today app. Everything you need for a healthier you all in one place. Fitness challenges for all levels. Meal plans that are easy and delicious and so much more. It's built to fit your lifestyle. And our experts will guide you every step of the way. Come on, let's do this. To subscribe, download, start today from the app store on your Apple device now terms apply, cancel anytime through Apple under profile settings.


Hey guys, Willie Geist here reminding you to check out the Sunday sit down podcast. On this week's episode, I get together with one of the brightest stars in all of music right now. Jelly Roll telling me about singing those hits that inspire and telling the story of his rise from a difficult past. You can get our conversation now for free wherever you download your podcasts.


This one was, wow, this one was a tough one. A lot of response from our viewers, I Imagine. And we are going to dive into some questions that people have. And I'm, I'm, I'd love to hear what others thought. 'cause I had a lot while I was watching it. Keith Cat K on XI, oh my gosh, it's so funny that she's bringing up this question that I'm about to read. 'cause I had the same question. How was she getting her hair dyed in prison? And she also had a lot of makeup on too, and her hair was, she did, her hair was looked like it had been curled. Yes. Did you do that? Well, the, you know, back when she was going to court hearings in, in Idaho, she had to use candy and other kind of materials like that to put makeup on her face.


Candy she could get at the tuck shop. But apparently they now sell certain basic beauty products, very basic stuff. But they do sell them in the, in the little commissary they have for inmates at that women's jail in Phoenix. So that's how she colored her hair and did the makeup on her face. She curled her hair because they can't have air curlers, they use towels, which they get wet and they roll their hair up in the towels and sleep in it that way. And that's how her hair got Curly. I can't believe you know all this. Well, I asked her, Well, as someone who's done a few prison makeovers in my time at Dateline, I was definitely interested in that, so Sure.


Thank you Ka kay for bringing that up. Mini pr nx. Will there be another interview? Will there there be a round two with Lori? Well, the, the jail said absolutely not. This was a rare, vanishingly rare event for them. They just don't grab such things and they, there will not be another one. I said, this is it, you get your 90 minutes, which is actually more time than we often get in a jailhouse interview. Yeah, Usually it's about an hour. Yeah. And, and that was it. But they, the jail was interested in helping us out. They, I think were curious about her too, maybe what she would say. So they allowed us to use a pretty large classroom to set up our gear in and they allowed us the time to do it, which is nice.


Plenty of time to do it, which is, yeah, unusual. Also, Keith, we have an audio question from a fellow Canadian named Angela. Let's listen to Angela. Hi Keith. Angela here. I just want to know if Lori said anything to you before or after the cameras were off and if she acted any differently. Thanks. Love the show. I don't know how you handle these people, but you do it so well. The question, It is a good question and no is the answer to the question. She was strategic from beginning to end in my opinion. She came, she winked the camera on the way. She explained in colorful terms why they wouldn't let her take off her blue handcuffs.


And she was on stage from beginning to end. Hmm. I did notice those blue handcuffs. I'd never seen that color before. Yeah. I dunno how she managed to get blue ones. Now We have another audio question from Jacqueline Marino Perez. Hi, this is Jacqueline. And I was wondering how Keith kept his school while interviewing Lori Vallow? Hmm. You did. You did. Yeah. I don't know. No, sorry. Kept my brain about me. You're just trying to figure out, okay, what do I do next to, to, to counter this, this problem that I'm confronting here.


And that's where your head is. So I, you know, people look, I've been called names by all kinds of people. SFU Andrea, it just happens. It's part of the job and it's not a big deal. It's, you don't take it personally. They're just, you know, they're, they're trying to, they're trying to get the better of you in an interview situation. Yes. And yeah, you don't want that to happen, but at the same time, you're not mad at them or anything. They're just Right. They are what they are. Yeah, exactly. Okay, this is a question from a viewer named Leanne. Hi Dateline, this is Leanne from Ohio. And my question for Keith is, did you actually learn anything new from your interview with Lori debell? Because it seemed as if no matter what you asked her, she just kept talking without saying anything.


Thanks. And keep up the great work. Well, you hit upon my great frustration from this interview is I really did wanna learn some new things and she wasn't gonna reveal them, but she did reveal something of herself, a little more of herself and what her character was all about. And so I learned some things from that. I think that the program was able to portray her as she appears to be Really, I mean, she showed America. Yeah. And the world who she is, I think. Yeah. So we will end Keith with a final audio question from Melanie Ann. 2, 3, 6 on X. Okay. Keith was Lori Vallow.


Daybell the hardest interview that you've ever done Right after. And you've done a lot. You've done A lot, Keith. I love that. Yeah, it's, yeah, I wouldn't say the hardest, but pretty close. I would interview her again. I mean, I would do it again. I'd, I, I've, the time I spent with that woman was fascinating. Just anything, just to see that kind of character at play. Anything Keith, you would do differently if you interviewed her again, knowing what you were up against when she walked in that room? Yeah, Lots of things. I mean, you, you know, you go in prepared for a certain kind of interview, it's not gonna work out that way. And then you're dancing, right? You've got a, okay, now this is way different than I thought it would be or that I hoped it would be.


So what do you do now? So then you're ad-libbing the rest of the time you're trying to figure it out, right? So how can I get through to this person? Yeah. Well now she has shown me who she is. I would have a better, a better idea how to do that, which is kind of why I'd like to do it again. Well, this one was one of the most interesting, fascinating, unique, outlandish, quirky prison interviews I've seen in a long time. So thank you Keith, for bringing us that sort of exclamation mark on the end of, you know, this five years of covering this story. Well, thank you. Yes. I think this was something worth doing, even if That wasn frustrating. Definitely. And, and we do have a dot, dot dot because it's not over.


There's still court. She's going court proceedings going on trial at the end of March, charged with conspiracy to murder her fourth husband, Charles Vallow. It's never ending with her. Is it? Keith, thank you so much for your time. And I, I know our viewers and listeners are that this was definitely one that they, they wanted to hear your thoughts on. So thank you. Thank you. And that is it for Talking Dateline this week. Remember, if you have any questions for us about stories or about Dateline, you can reach us 24 7 on social media at Dateline NBC. Have a question for Talking Dateline, leave it for us in a voicemail at 2 1 2 4 1 3 5 2 5 2 for a chance to be featured on a future episode or record yourself and send it to us via DM on social media.


And coming up this Friday on Dateline Blaine has an all new two hour episode when a home alarm is tripped. Late at night in Yakima, Washington, police expect a robbery. But when they arrive at the scene, they find a woman shot to death. An investigation reveals a tangled web of friendships and affairs, but who among them could be the killer? Thanks for listening and see you Fridays on Dateline on NBC.