
For Mervis Diamond Importers, this is Ronnie Mervis. In a sea of ordinary engagement rings, KO stands out. KO rings feature hidden, intricate details because your ring should be as extraordinary as your love, not mass produced, never generic, always personal, crafted with passion in every meticulous detail. Ko, no boring rings. Why settle for the same ring as everybody else? And when you pair the unmatched beauty of a world famous Mervis diamond with your koi engagement ring, it says even more Mervis means more diamonds, better quality, and the most valued. With easy mervis financing, you can get her dream diamond. Now, don't wait to shop our mouthwatering mervis diamonds and the largest selection of Tacori bridal jewelry in the tri-state area. Visit us in store, or go online to mervis diamonds.com or call for an appointment at 800 her love. Again, that's mervis diamond.com or 800 her love mervis Diamond importers your official to Corey Jeweler.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right, not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh. Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team height, the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See BET mgm.com. For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem, Call one 800 Gambler.


Hi, it's Josh Menowitz and we're Talking Dateline today with Keith Morrison. Hi Keith. Hello, Josh. So this episode is called The Woman With No Name and it's about the 2006 murder of an unidentified woman who was dubbed lavender dough because of the lavender shirt she was found in after she had been murdered. And an interesting team of people kind of banded together to help find her name, identify her. Now, if you have not listened to this episode yet, it's the one right below this one on the list of podcasts that you just chose from. So you can go there and listen to it or if you wanna watch it, you can stream it on Peacock and then come back here. Now when you come back, Keith has an extra clip that he wants to play for us from his interview with the co-founder of the DNA Dough Project.


And then later we're gonna be joined by a Dateline producer, Veronica Maseko, to talk about what she's learned from her work reporting on other unsolved cases of Jane and John Doe. So stick around for that. Now let's talk Dateline. So this was an unusual episode of Dateline. It unfolded differently than ones I'm used to. Yeah. Probably also ones the audience is used to. It begins with something that usually doesn't come at the beginning of the episode, which is the finding of a body. Yeah. Usually we meet the victim before we Usually we do Was, but in this case we were unable to meet the victim, so Right.


Tell us how this unfolds a little bit. Well, in this case, we met the victim when she was, her body was actually on fire, a really pretty awful scene that a couple of hunters came across and they of course called it in. So the fire was put out, the body was taken to the morgue and they tried to figure out who That wasn and they had no idea they did some DNA tests and discovered that she had sex of some kind in the recent past. So they were able to get a DNA profile from the semen. What do you know? It turned out to be an offender. They knew pretty well The beginning. He has an alibi, right.


They kind of look away from him when they're originally Yeah. Then they discover that his girlfriend is also missing and that the family is very worried about her. And then, And that's too much of a coincidence. Right. And he finally confesses to both murders, But police genuinely believe that he doesn't know who she was. Well, she, he, he doesn't know who she was. He doesn't got a clue. He was some girl that he ran into outside of the Walmart. And she doesn't match any missing persons reports from that jurisdiction. Correct? Yes, correct. This became, in my mind, and it's one of the few stories I like to call my Horton, hears, the who story, which is that, you know, a person's a person no matter who, they deserve the same respect as, you know, the president of the United States.


Anybody deserves respect, attention, and deserves to have whatever measure of justice can be afforded to them. Happily, a detective on this case, Eddie Hope, had that very opinion that everybody's in everybody, and then these cases need to be solved for the sake of the person who's dead as much as for the family. One of the things I thought was interesting about this is that, you know, frequently when people from the outside contact police departments and say, I wanna help you solve this case. The answer is, thanks, we, we got it. Like, we really don't need your help. And also outsiders getting involved presents all kinds of other problems like evidence and chain of custody. And I don't want you at the crime scene and you're not a law enforcement officer and you don't have any subpoena power, All those things.


There's lots of reasons why, why average citizens should not get involved in, in things like this. But in this case, detective Hope was actually, he was like, yeah, let's go. Let's do this. Yeah. He was very frustrated that he couldn't find out who she was to let people know. And that's when these DNA do project people got involved. And DNA dough is a fascinating organization where people use genetic genealogy to try to nail down who missing people are. Now, when this happened, that was quite new. Now it's something that we almost take for granted in criminal cases. Yes. I was at a local event where I live not long ago, and I heard about several cases that the local police department has solved with genetic genealogist just in the last year.


So it's, it's becoming rather common. It is. And it's, it's, it's becoming so common that when we do these stories on Dateline now, it's only a little part of the story, but at this time That wasn kind of the story That wasn the story, It really was groundbreaking. And it also shows you not just sort of what can be accomplished through science, but also sort of the, the dedication and fascination and obsession almost of the people who got involved because they didn't know her, they didn't know anything about her, they just wanted to know an Answer. And it's a web of people all around the country. And detective hope he, he got right away what the possibilities were for this not only the technology, but the cooperation.


He met with these people, and at least he met with them virtually and began to trust them more and more as time went by. This is all information. The, the, the genetic information that they use to identify her is, this is essentially what is done in numerous cases, both ones that you and I have covered in other people usually done to identify killers. You have the killer's DNA, but it doesn't match anybody. Yeah. So you look at the panoply of information that is available out there on commercial DNA websites to see whether you can find family members and then you kind of work backwards from their, you know, third, fourth, fifth cousin. That's Exactly right. It works exactly the same way.


Whether, whether you're trying to solve it from one end of the puzzle or the other end, it's still a puzzle. And it still involves finding these family trees. And the family trees can sometimes be very, very large with branches going out all over the place. So you have to follow along one branch and until you hit a dead end and then you try the other branch and you go down it, it's, it's, it's very time consuming labor intensive process. If anybody wants to like look at their own DNA on a site like 23 and Me or Ancestry, do you specifically check some box and say, I, I wanna make sure that that is uploaded and available to other people, and that way I'll be able to find, you know, cousins or relatives that I don't know about.


People do. And so that's most people's what this was. This is information that people have chosen to make public about themselves. I'm sometimes surprised that people are prepared to put their family trees out there, put their DNA online where other people can see what it is. You know, I mean, I, It seems very personal to me. I'm not sure I'd do it. I did one of these once and you did, huh? Yeah. And it says on there, by the way, like, get ready for when this comes, because it may reveal things to you that you, it don't know. Like I think personally, Josh Yeah. I've always suspected, and you can confirm it for me now that you're from some different species altogether And I have no pulse. That's exactly right. When I did it, the, by the time I did it, the Golden State Killer case unsolved.


And so I just thought, well, I I, I should do that. For that reason, I wasn't actually looking forward to, you know, meeting any relatives that I hadn't met, but I did it just for, for the sort of law enforcement reason that every little bit of information helps, like in cases like this and other murders that you and I have covered, it can make an enormous difference. Oh indeed. Yeah. Sure can. When we come back, we have an extra clip from the DNA Dough project co-founder Margaret Press


For Mervis Diamond Importers. This is Ronnie Mervis. In a sea of ordinary engagement rings, Teko stands out. KO rings feature hidden, intricate details because your ring should be as extraordinary as your love, not mass produced, never generic, always personal crafted with passion in every meticulous detail. Ko no boring rings. Why settle for the same ring as everybody else? And when you pair the unmatched beauty of a world famous mervis diamond with your tako engagement ring, it says even more mervis means more diamonds, better quality, and the most valued. With easy mervis financing, you can get her dream diamond. Now don't wait to shop our mouthwatering mervis diamonds and the largest selection of koi bridal jewelry in the tri-state area. Visit us in store or go online to mervis diamond.com or call for an appointment at 800 her love. Again, that's mervis diamond.com or 800 her love mervis Diamond importers, your official KO jeweler.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the os. Oh, or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM the sports book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bed mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem. Call one 800 gambler.


Create Your Oasis with tma, a modern design company crafting simple elevated furniture from premium eco-friendly materials. TMAs core collection, the classic bed nest dresser and pillar bookshelf combines the technique of Japanese joinery with thoughtful design for timeless style and lasting quality assembly is quick and easy taking just five-ish minutes with no tools required. Explore the full collection@tma.co or visit their flagship location in New York City for $100 off your first bed. Head to tma.co. That's tma.co.


So one of the founders of this DNA DO project, she is a fascinating woman I interviewed named Margaret Press, whose background is as much literary as it is scientific. And she was, you know, she had intended to retire and instead she found herself getting involved with genetic genealogy, which was the kind of puzzle that she really thrived on. And then these other people joined in who are, they call themselves online sleuths, but there were lots of people all around this invisible web of, or beehive they like to call it, of tens or hundreds or thousands of people all around the country who are fascinated by these cases, who learn about missing people and who join in the effort to try to figure out who they are.


We're going to listen to some more of Keith's interview with the DNA Doe Project co-founder Margaret Press, and she's gonna talk about what got her interested in the cases of people like Lavender Doe Jane and John Doe cases. So That wasn starting to catch up on my mystery novel reading. And one of my favorite authors was Sue Grafton, who wrote the alphabet series. And I got up to Q is for Cory and I opened it up in February 1st, 2017. I remember the day. And she had an afterward that was startling because she said, this is the first time I've based a story on a real crime.


There was a Jane Doe found in Lompoc, California in I believe 1968, who had been thrown into a quarry and never identified, she had written the book 15 years earlier and had actually paid to have the skeleton exhumed so that a facial reconstruction could be done from the skull and DNA could be collected. There was no hit because this Jane Doe had not previously been in the criminal justice system. So I read this and had an immediate epiphany. I've been helping adoptees find their birth parents.


This is the same thing if I can figure out Jane doe's Parents we'll know who Jane Doe was. It's it's, it's no different. I actually remember that case in Lompoc, California because my grandfather, you, my grandfather used to live in Lompoc Yeah. In a trailer. Oh, well, interesting guy. I love that. She was inspired by, by Sue Grafton. My favorite of the Sue Grafton series, by the way, is K is for Keith. Yeah. I I should think it would be Yeah. Yeah. Not a, not a, not a well-known novel, but under appreciated. Oh, it's been one of her best. Yeah. Underappreciated. Let me just say so it, it, it, it took 12 years to give Lavender Dough a proper name even after her killer had confessed to killing her.


This was a particularly complicated one because she was kind of alone in the world and, and though a sister And that family was kind of fragmented. I mean, they were they were like, what, 27 cousins. Exactly. And, and they kind of didn't know much about each other. And the mother lavender doe's. Mother was not with her as she was growing up and she stayed with his sister, her relatives who were trying to get their own lives in order, tried very hard to protect her. Yeah. I I, you Know, she was a kid who was naturally troubled given what she had been through already. And, and, and this one, my heart went out to this girl. She, she'd had so many strikes against the possibility of her having a normal life and she was entitled to one.


I felt she had a boyfriend who didn't work out well and she had of this, and she had of that. And eventually she wound up where these young people will be offered deals where they get into the back of a bus or a truck or something, and they go off to various towns around the country and They're selling magazines, subscriptions. And they told that they're gonna sell magazines on the street and that this will earn them money and they'll be able to, you know, get themselves launched on some other kind of career. They'll be, you'll be able to afford to go to school, you'll be able to afford an apartment if you just stick with us and sell magazines. And then this other guy comes along and she had one more guy who's throwing 10 bucks at her and, you know, can you really condemn her for going along with him?


And that's Her killer. It's not her fault. And she, she was killed and an awful way to die and a terrible way to, to be treated after she was dead. So That wasn a sad story, but one that the, the good part of it to me was that there are people who are so determined to get to the heart of humanity of these tales, to figure out who That wasn to honor that person. And in the end they did, they were able to put her name on a grave marker. And they, all those people who took part in this search, the central ones, they all gathered in that little town in Texas at the, at the cemetery.


And they had a, they had a ceremony for it. They had a funeral. And it really, That wasn a moving thing. Yeah, no, I, I I thought that was great. And I, I loved that the members of the lavender dough team had never met until after they had already given her her name back. What was that dynamic like between them when they're there? All three sitting there That wasn like talking to three siblings, they filled in each other's sentences. So they had communicated enough for, for long enough that That wasn they were very familiar with each other. They, and they felt comfortable together. You could see it. That wasn quite a delightful thing to see It, it makes the point that, that knowing someone that the definition of that is kind of changing.


Yeah. 'cause they clearly did know each other. I mean, they'd communicated a lot, but That wasn all probably by email That wasn or a text message or whatever. But I mean, I almost feel like I know you and yet I never, I've never seen you in person. I No, Wouldn't want to. No, no. IIII feel the same way. What you were able to uncover about Lavender Doe Yes. Real name Dana Lynn Dodd. Yep. Is that, let's say her Id had been in her pocket at the time and they had been able to identify her or her prints had been on file someplace, or a DNA hit had come back. I don't get the feeling she would've had as many people at her funeral as No.


There ended up being No, it's true. And, and I guess you can spin all kinds of stories. I can, as, as you know, and I've said it to you repeatedly about my dad being a, a minister, a preacher. But he could take that theme that you've just talked about, how when we become committed to a person, they become important enough for us to travel across the country and be together and have a ceremony in honor of that person which they deserve. So thus end at the sermon for the day, How, this is a little off topic. How often did your father sort of give you that kinda lesson? I mean, daily? Oh, well I, annually, I mean, No, I had to go to his sermons at least twice a week.


Often more, Right? Yeah. Yes. And did he say, I mean, I mean, I apologize in advance because I'm aware that I'm off topic here and that always makes you a little bit uncomfortable. You're Also's kind of an infidel. So I'm I'm suspicious of you. Yeah, I am. I meet every definition of an infidel. But l like, like, I mean, my own dad never said to me, you know, remember this son, like, here's a life lesson for you. He never said anything like that. No, but he said things and all these years later, I remember him like he said 'em this morning. Exactly. Yeah. Precisely. My no, I I never got advice, personal advice from my dad.


I just, I listened to his talks in front of other people. I I, I have to say, I mean, I'm not, I know you're not doing this for him, but it sounds to me like he would've loved this story because this was the story About Oh, exactly. Yes. Precisely. Yeah. This was a story about people doing something for someone that they didn't know that really did not benefit them. I, I'm serious when I said at the beginning, I should go back and reread it to make sure I'm not, I'm not mis misrepresenting the tale, but to me, I mean, my father's life could be boiled down to a many years long version of the Dr. Seuss story, Horton here, the who. And in many ways that's, that's the only story that a human being who wants to be a empathetic, caring person needs to know.


It's a great story. I advise you. Look it up. I I'm Going to you. I do you know the story, Josh? I mean Yes. That was not the Dr. Seuss book that I read the most. I was more a Green Eggs and ham guy. Oh yeah. There you go. Okay. After the break, we're gonna be joined by Dateline's digital producer Veronica Mika, who is invaluable around here. She has been reporting on these kind of cases for years


For Mervis diamond importers. This is Ronnie Mervis In a sea of ordinary engagement rings, te Corey stands out to Corey Rings feature, hidden intricate details because your ring should be as extraordinary as your love, not mass produced, never generic, always personal crafted with passion in every meticulous detail To Corey, no boring rings. Why settle for the same ring as everybody else? And when you pair the unmatched beauty of a world famous mervis diamond with your koi engagement ring, it says even more mervis means more diamonds, better quality, and the most valued. With easy mervis financing, you can get her dream diamond. Now don't wait to shop our mouthwatering mervis diamonds and the largest selection of KO bridal jewelry in the tri-state area. Visit us in store or go online to mervis diamond.com or call for an appointment at 800 her love. Again, that's mervis diamond.com or 800 her love mervis Diamond importers, your official KO jeweler.


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the Os Oh. Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team height, the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM the sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem Call one 800 Gambler.


Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. The shop pay feature even boosts conversions up to 50%. So if you're into growing your business, your commerce platform better be ready to sell Wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling, upgrade your business and get the same checkout top brands like Allbirds. Use Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash podcast free all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash podcast free to upgrade your selling today.


Okay, we are now joined by our Dateline digital producer, Veronica Mika hyvee, your hair looks fabulous. You've had your hair done for, for Talking Dateline. I can tell. Yes, You look great. Yeah, I knew, I knew I needed to get it done Before we continue, I hear some noise from your end of the interview and that's because there's what's some construction going on there? Yeah, unfortunately they are doing construction outside my apartment building and it just started. So hopefully they, they quiet down. Timing is perfect. Alright. We are gonna just have to, that By the way is exactly the timing known to Everybody at Date and Josh and me, Everybody at Daylight, every, every, every single time.


Yeah. The second I start to do an interview, there's a guy outside with a leaf blower or an airplane flies Overhead. Of course. Yep. Yeah. So every week the digital team, which you're part of, covers unsolved cold cases for our online cold case spotlight series and you've also worked on Missing in America with me and a lot of those cases are John and Jane Doe. And so you maybe can talk a little bit about those cases and what it takes to cover them because it's really sort of not like doing other stories, is it? Yeah, absolutely. It's definitely a different experience than when we have a family reach out to us about their missing loved one or their murdered loved one. Every single case we feature is sent to us by people who watch Dateline and interact with us on our social media.


And the Jane and John Joe cases that we have featured have also been sent to us by people in our social communities. I have found that a lot of these, Jane and John doe's have some person out there that they've, that never crossed paths with that Jane or John Doe, but they have dedicated themselves and their lives to this person that they don't know. To be clear, we're not doing the genealogical investigation at Dateline. Correct. You are reporting on these cases? Yes, that is correct. One of the things that is helpful in these cases is getting the sketches or the reconstructions or anything that has been created in these cases and getting that out to the public and using our platform to show these things to the general public.


And if you recognize this, please call is the goal of telling these stories. So you know, lavender Dough was known by that name because of the color of the shirt that she was wearing. Whose Penny Dough? Yeah, so Penny Dough is, is a Jane Doe that was found in Pennsylvania in July of 1990. And inside her pocket, each pocket was a penny. And so she was nicknamed Penny Doe and there's not a lot of information out there about Penny Doe, but they believe this woman was between 20 and 40 years old. She had shoulder length, dark brown hair, penny doe's Body was found in a place called Monroe Township, which is in CL County, Pennsylvania.


And they don't believe she's from there because they didn't have anyone missing from that area that matched the description of this Jane Doe. But also because they believe she came from a place that had fluoride in her water due to her teeth. When they did testing on it, they were able to tell that she didn't have any cavities and it just seemed like she had come from an area that had fluoride in their water at that time and that area did not. So it's now been 34 years since that Jane Doe was found. There are a lot of people in that town. I talked to a guy that worked at the newspaper there, I talked to the girl who found her now all grown up and they all really want to to give Penny Doe her name back.


Well the town is invested in this still after all these years. Absolutely. Yeah. That's Impressive. Tell me about Paratrooper Doe, John Doe. So paratrooper John Doe, he was actually found in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, which this hits a little bit close to home for me because I actually grew up there. I have been exactly in the spot where his body was found. He was found on Memorial Day weekend in 1984, his body was found floating in the water. I did speak to the Fort Lauderdale Police Department and they said that his death was a drowning and that they did not suspect foul play. However, there is this woman who, she actually lives in New Jersey and back almost 10 years ago, she started an organization called Veteran Doe.


And I spoke with her, her name's Amelia. And That organization is just to identify this guy. It's not just to identify him, she does work on any cases that seem to have a military connection. And I asked her why she was starting this, like what made her do that. And she said, you know, she had a bunch of military connection with in her family, the men in her family had all been in the military. And one of the things she was talking about was that because of the military connection, it should be relatively easy to find. That's the first thing I'm thinking is that there there aren't that many paratroopers in the world. Exactly Right. She, I mean, So she, I mean the Pentagon should be able to help you with that.


Right. Particularly also, you know how old he is. Yes. So he was about 20 years old and he had brown hair and brown eyes. And the thing that she was telling me about that is very specific to this John Doe is that he has two tattoos that she thinks might be the key to identifying this John Doe. One of them is a Pegasus with the phrase Born to fly free and the other is a skull with a beret that says us paratrooper. So she thinks that that might be the easiest thing to identify him earlier this year was the 40th anniversary of his disappearance and Amelia would really like to help bring him home and give him his name back even though they don't suspect foul play in his case specifically.


Let's also talk a little bit about the Jane Seneca do case, which the DNA DOE project got involved in. Yeah, so Jane Senega do is a case that the Dateline Digital team covered a couple years ago. The Jane Doe was found in October, 1976 and she died of a single gunshot wound. She was found in Grundy County near Seneca Illinois. And that's how she got her name Jane Seneca Doe. So a couple years back in 2018, the Grundy County Illinois authorities, they began working with the DNA DOE project and I actually spoke to the Grundy County Deputy Chief Coroner, his name is Brandon Johnson.


And he was just stressing to me just how much investigative work went into actually identifying her, which they were able to finally do earlier this year, identified Jane Seneca do as a woman named Joanne Vicki Smith. And he told me one of the things that was really difficult with this case was that she had actually been adopted. And so a lot of her family members on her family tree didn't even know that she existed, which made it 10 times harder to solve this case. And so between the DNA Dough project and the Grundy County Illinois authorities, they were able to finally give her her name back.


And anyone who's interested in these cases, they can read all about them. We're putting a link in the description of this podcast. Veronica. Thank you. Good luck with the construction that's going on at your building. Thank you so much. Did you have cold cases that you think we should be looking at? You? The, the listener, you can send them to us on social at at Dateline NBC, whatever social platform you're at. Before I go though, I do have a question for you. There's a question from social Yes. That you need to ask us. We did get a question from a Jensen Peterson on Instagram.


They said, sometimes when I listen to the podcast, it seems as though the writers have written the piece specifically for the voice and style of Keith, Josh, and Andrea. I try to imagine another host saying those exact words, but it would be out of character for them. So are the episodes written specifically with each host's talents in mind? What a good question. Thanks Jensen Peterson. Well, the answer is the reason that those words sound appropriate to each of us is that each of us actually writes those to some degree Written by us, are amended by us sometimes I think of myself, not so much as a writer, as a rewrite man because you stay up late at night and you take other people's copy and you revise it so that it comes outta your mouth.


The way you would say Generally, you can't do a six hour podcast or a two hour television program without some degree of collaboration with other people. Yeah. And by the way, like that's one of the huge changes for me from when I moved from being a daily reporter in local and network television to Dateline, which is when you're working on daily news stories, what goes on the air is almost 100% your own work. And a lot of times it's your first draft because you're doing the story in less than eight hours, maybe less than two hours. So sure this is a much more, a longer process. It takes months to do these stories frequently, sometimes years. But I claim 100% responsibility for the words that come outta my mouth.


Yeah. And I know that Keith and Andrea and Dennis and Blaine do too. Good. Alright, that is Talking Dateline for this week. Thanks everybody for listening to us. And remember if you have any questions for us about our stories or any cases that you think we should cover, you can reach out to us on social at at Dateline NBC or you can send us an audio message for a chance to be featured in our next Talking Dateline episode. And remember to listen to my all new podcast, which is called Deadly Mirage. The first three episodes are available to listen to now, or if you subscribe to Dateline Premium, you can listen to the first five episodes ad free wherever you get your podcasts. Thanks everybody.


See you Fridays on Dateline on NBC


For Mervis Diamond Importers. This is Ronnie Mervis. In a sea of ordinary engagement rings, Takko stands out. KO rings feature hidden, intricate details because your ring should be as extraordinary as your love, not mass produced, never generic, always personal, crafted with passion in every meticulous detail. Tako, no boring rings. Why settle for the same ring as everybody else? And when you pair the unmatched beauty of a world famous Mervis diamond with your tako engagement ring, it says even more Mervis means more diamonds, better quality, and the most valued. With easy mervis financing, you can get her dream diamond. Now don't wait to shop our mouthwatering mervis diamonds and the largest selection of tacori bridal jewelry in the tri-state area. Visit us in store or go online to mervis diamonds.com or call for an appointment at 800 her love. Again, that's mervis diamond.com or 800 her love Mervis Diamond importers your official to Corey Jeweler.