(0s):
This episode is brought to you by Progressive, where drivers who save by switching. Save nearly $750 on average. Quote now@progressive.com to see if you couldn save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. National average, 12 months savings of $744 by new customers surveyed to save with Progressive between June, 2022 and May, 2023. Potential savings will vary. Discounts not available in all states and situations.

(31s):
If you are a facilities manager at a warehouse and your HVAC system goes down, It can turn up the heat literally, but don't sweat. It. Grainger has you covered. Grainger offers over a million industrial grade products for all your operations, including warehouse, hvac, maintenance, and even better, they offer access to experts and fast delivery. So you and your warehouse can both keep your cool. Call one 800 Grainger click Grainger dot com Or just stop by Grainger for the ones who Get It. Done.

(1m 5s):
Hello Everybody, I'm Keith Morrison and we are Talking Dateline. Today I'm here with, oh, we couldn't Get anybody else. So it's s Josh Menowitz. Hello Josh. Hi. So we're gonna talk about this episode, right, which is called Wrong Turns Named after my career. Yes. Yeah, That, that's accurate. If you haven't seen It, it's the episode right below this one on your Dateline podcast feed. So go there and listen to It and Stream. It on Peacock and then come back. Here. And there are spoilers, Here, of course. So be careful about that for this Talking Dateline Josh has a never before heard clip from his interview with Detective Sawyer. Did I Get that right. Josh Sawyer.

(1m 45s):
That's It, that's his name. Yeah. But to recap, When Justin Hilbert s body was found on the side of the road. Investigators never imagined another murder would help them piece together. The question of who killed Justin. Investigators uncovered a murder plot fuel by greed and jealousy, but one which went horribly wrong. The intended victim survived. But her boyfriend Justin, and one of her boyfriend's killers was killed as well. Josh, let's talk Dateline. This was quite a remarkable story. I mean That. wasn one of those stories. Josh It seems to me that you say if That wasn fiction, you wouldn't believe It. That wasn just seemed too fanciful. Too strange. It. It's I mean it's nuts and it's astonishing for its sort of audacity and it's just absolute evilness.

(2m 33s):
Yeah. And greed and jealousy and hatred and stunning incompetence by the criminals who, you know, truly blurted out their plan right in front of somebody else who ended up talking with law enforcement. And look, we've done, you and I have done plenty of stories before in which somebody kills their spouse for the insurance money. But this is a little bit different because first of all, that insurance policy was in its last hours of life. Sure. Which meant the, the killing had to happen within a very finite period of time. So Tanya had to die then and they couldn't make It happen.

(3m 13s):
And then everything fell apart after that. What Was It like to sit with Tanya and talk to a woman who you knew and she knew was to be the target of a murder plot. And somehow she managed to survive, but her husband died Without her I. Don't know That. We couldn have done this story because this is kind of her story. She's the intended victim, although she wouldn't, didn't, didn't leave her house That night and so therefore didn't Get killed. And she's also the victim because the father of her child and the man that she I think really had loved since they were about 14 years old Yeah. Was taken from her. And as murder will often, It seems to have broken the relationship between Tanya and, and Justin's parents, Which I feel very bad about.

(3m 56s):
You know, originally they were going to the court hearings and motion hearings and status conferences together to sort of show this united front for Justin. But you know, Justin's parents are sort of unable to Get past the idea that without his involvement with Tanya, he's still alive. They certainly don't believe That she had anything to do with It. And they I don't think anybody thinks that this couldn have been foreseen. But that said, you know, the mom said to me, you know, Justin's mom, like, look, if they're not together, if, if they don't Get re-involved, my son's still alive. That may not be a rational thing, but It it's What the parents are dealing with. It's just hard. Too hard. Yeah. Yeah. Because those parents, every minute, every minute of the day they're thinking about their son.

(4m 39s):
Every time they wake up in the morning and go to bed at night, they, that's the only thing they can think about. Right. And if she reminds them of that even more I can see where they couldn't do It. How soon in the process did Dateline begin to cover this story? I think we began to cover It fairly quickly. It took a very long time to Get from murder to courtroom. And partly that's because this plot took a while to unravel. And in part because, you know, COVID I think is still yeah. A, you know, still influence, still a sort of bomb That was dropped into the criminal justice world. And the ripples, you know, are still being felt because stuff got delayed and therefore other things got delayed.

(5m 19s):
And just everything takes longer. Now, is there a scenario that if Bailey wasn't killed, do you think investigators would ever have figured this out? You know, there's No way to know. Obviously I mean, you know, there, there's a couple of different schools of thought about Bailey. One is That, the, you know, she was killed because Jared thought she was, she was the weak link and she was gonna talk, you know, but look, you've got a very sort of, you've got this triumvirate of evil. I mean you Get Jared Bischoff, this, this, this controlling navy guy who, you know, married Tanya, treated her horribly and then wanted to exact some vengeance when she left him. And, and they got divorced. You have Bailey Sharp, who was Jared's new girlfriend and co-conspirator.

(6m 5s):
And she went along with this. And the prosecutor made It very clear to us, if she were alive, she would be facing a murder charge. No question. And Danny Serrano, you know, probably the muscle here and also a career criminal with the proverbial rap sheet as long as your arm. And a very sophisticated guy because when they find his DNA and fingerprints on Justin's car, He cops, the auto theft to give himself an alibi for murder. The It, which brings us to the different jurisdictions, probably right in that one police department was investigating one murder, a different police department, the other murder. And you know, It took a long time for one to figure out What the other was doing.

(6m 47s):
And they're right in the same place. Riverside Police investigated Bailey's murder. Riverside County Sheriff's Office investigated Justin's murder and That plot. And It wasn't clear until Ricky who'd spoken to Riverside Police ended up speaking to the Riverside Sheriff's Office. That, the sort of dimensions of that plot became clear. Tell me about a little bit more about What. Was his name Alcoholic Ricky? Alcoholic Ricky? Well, alcoholic Ricky was in Bailey's phone. That was his name in the phone. He worked at the Hookah lounge. He'd gotten to know Jared and, and Bailey and Danny Serrano, who were occasional customers there and overheard this conversation about how if, if Jared's wife died, Jared, who would Get an insurance payout.

(7m 36s):
And he's the person, Ricky's the person who sort of made that connection to investigators Without him I, don't think There would've been a case. Ricky would There I, I I think that I I think they didn't know What. The motive was, Was Ricky ever the subject of any suspicion at all on the part of investigators? No I don't believe That He was ever under suspicion. At one point, as we talk about in the, in the story, Ricky discloses something That He hadn't talked about earlier, which was that when Danny Serrano comes back from What, It appears to be Justin's actual killing. Ricky describes him as having bloody clothing.

(8m 18s):
That doesn't change. What did change is that Danny apparently gave Ricky the bloody clothing and said, Get rid of this. And Ricky did because I think He was terrified of these guys. In Ricky's case, one wonders What would've happened had He known who to call because It wasn't who He would expect It to be from his point of view. This has happened to a lot of people. But I'll tell a small story. My car was broken into some time ago. The only important thing that was stolen out of the car was my iPad. And you know, you want your iPad. So they called the police as part of this. Eventually somebody came around I I, let me just parenthetically say That I mean I'm sort of astonished. That police did not snap to attention when That wasn your voice on the phone.

(9m 0s):
Eventually they came around, looked at the broken window and they said they'd do What. They couldn. But I couldn see that the iPad was moving out of their jurisdiction. One small town to the next small town, to the next small town, to the next small town. Now there are four police departments and I don't know where the damn thing darn thing is, right? Pardon my French. And so you have to know which police department to call. 'cause you don't know who's investigating What. And in Ricky's case, I mean, how would He know who was investigating this case? Does that make any sense? What I just Said to you. Yes. Although I'm anxious to hear the end now of that story and whether or not you actually got your iPad back. I did find It. Yeah, I found It on my own.

(9m 41s):
You did Get It back. But really, but not from the police. Although they, you know, they were nice guys and they put a little bit of effort into It, but they got more important things to do than finding some guy's, some old dude's iPad. And, but you got It back because What, you bought It back from the, from The thief. I found It using the Find My iPhone app thing. And, and What went there and Duked It out with the guy. This is where I want this story to go. Yes, I absolutely. I had a fist fight and I took him down by golly, That wasn. That wasn. That's What we need more of on Talking. Dateline. That's right. Keep telling us about the fights He got into Yeah, yeah. That wasn buried under a bush, not buried Exactly, but That wasn hidden underneath a bush beside the road, not far from a, a, you know, fast food place where I think the Thief actually was at the time that I found the iPad.

(10m 30s):
That's a good story. Thank you. Right. And then as I recall, right, that's not the end of the story is It. Then you went into the fast food place and said, who just ordered a knuckle sandwich? And the next thing you know, that guy was making out with the floor. You bet. You bet. Yeah. That's my, that's my way of doing business Josh. That's the key thing, know? You bet. When we Get back, we've got a clip from Josh's interview with Detective Toyer. He'll tell us What That wasn like sitting face-to-face with the parents of a suspected killer.

(11m 5s):
You've almost certainly been prescribed a medication before, but did you understand how It worked? The way your medication works in your body shouldn't be a mystery. Learn how Vyvgart ti trau, efgartigimod Alpha and Hyaluronidase QVFC works by visiting Vyvgart dot.com/moa. That's V-Y-V-G-A-R t.com/moa. Brought to you by Argen X

(11m 37s):
This Halloween, choose how scared you wanna be with Hulu on Disney Plus on Disney Plus be a little scared with Marvel television's. Agatha all along as Wand, Avi's Agatha sets off on an adventure of mysterious trials and on Hulu Get, terrified in a world of cult killers and murders in FXs new horror thriller series grotesquery. All of these and more now streaming available with the Disney bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com/hulu for details.

(12m 8s):
Some studies show that learning and new language may provide cognitive benefits, like improved memory problem solving skills. So why not join the millions of users who have learned a new language with Rosetta Stone? Choose from 25 offered languages from Spanish to Polish with Rosetta Stone. You learn to speak, listen, and think in your chosen language. The True accent feature even gives you feedback on your pronunciation. Learn on the go with the app or at your desktop on your own schedule. Don't put off learning that language. There's No better time than right now to Get started. Dateline listeners can Get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off. Visit rosetta stone.com/ Dateline. That's 50% off unlimited access to 25 language courses for the rest of your life. Redeem your 50% off@rosettastone.com slash Dateline today.

(13m 5s):
So you sat down with Detective Toyer Josh to talk motives for Danny Jar and Bailey with regard to Justin murder and What That wasn like telling Bailey's parents about her involvement in his death. That detective had a job to do, that's for sure. So here is a clip that did not make It into the episode. What's the driving force here? Is this money? Is this jealousy? Is this hatred? I think it's a little bit of all three. And I think That wasn different for each person. It looked like Danny was motivated strictly by, by greed. Bailey obviously money again, but Jared money, all three money, hatred, jealousy, and It just pushed him to that point.

(14m 3s):
Over a very long period of time, Bailey Sharp went from victim to Unindicted Coconspirator and only Unindicted because she'd been murdered. Yeah. How do you tell her parents that It's a difficult conversation, but just the family had struggled with Bailey for some time. An unfortunate but inevitable I think result given the the lifestyle that she had fallen into. I I think this was very difficult for Sergeant Sawyer because you know, normally when you are a police officer and you're making a death notification, like that's hard enough to talk to grieving parents and say, your son or daughter is No longer with us.

(14m 52s):
It's something else to say, you know, your son or daughter is No longer with us. And if they were, they'd be on trial for murder. Yeah. Now, Bailey's That didn't happen in that conversation. Bailey's family didn't learn about that for a while. But like, that's a double whammy, which is you've lost your kid. And by the way, because they were involved in a murder plot And I and, and I, my heart broke for the, for the parents of Bailey who had struggled clearly with her addiction problems for a long time. You know, we've seen parents on Dateline who enable their kids, who make excuses for their kids. Sure. Who lie for their kids, who give alibis, who hide evidence, who like, you know, do everything they can to Get their kid off the hook.

(15m 36s):
Bailey's parents aren't like That at all. They completely recognize What happened here. It It It tears them up. That this addiction that they were really hoping That she was going to Get passed, ended up being sort of the thing That that connected her to this murder plumbing mean her dad's a a a detective with Seattle pd and I said to him like, you know, I, I'm sure you said to her, don't hang out with the wrong kind of people. I'm sure you said, you know, don't, don't don't Get involved with drugs. And I'm sure you told her try to Get off drugs once you're on drugs. I and I said to 'em, but you probably didn't need to tell her or thought you didn't need to tell her don't Get involved in a murder plot.

(16m 17s):
But she did. I mean, and they, and they're not, they don't apologize for That. They don't explain It, they don't try to lessen It. They, they are as horrified by It as any parent would be. Sure, sure. And they're, and then they're not pretending. And they see this very clearly, which is sort of another reason why, you know, you can't help but feel terrible for them. I was I must say, a little surprised That, they agreed to come on television and talk to you. No. I mean I, I, I, you know, I, I don't even think That wasn like taking their castor oil. I mean It wasn't like, they felt like they deserve some sort of, you know, you know, public discussion of this or I mean. They, they, they were absolutely completely upfront.

(17m 1s):
They are ashamed of What. She did, you know, they spent a, a huge amount of time just thinking of her as a murder victim, which she was. And then Later, they realize, oh, she's also a murderer. And I thought their willingness to sit down discuss this as forthrightly as they did, was really nothing short of admirable. And, and yeah, her It truly was your heart. Your heart breaks for Em. I thought That wasn, very sensitively handled. And I, thank you I. You know, I I hate giving any credit to you Michael It, because you know, Don't deserve It anyway. I I know, I know how That sticks in your throat. I know It does. But then I know who you are working with on this story. So I understand why And they're much more talented than I am. So that's, yeah. Yeah. Yes. Michelle Madigan is, is an amazing producer, partly because of the fact that she is an incredibly astute and sympathetic understanding woman who knows What people are going through and She's a mom and she's got kids and, and she's, yeah.

(17m 58s):
And that, and that I think helps her connect with, with people. And Rebecca Glazer also producing this episode also a rising star at Dateline. Yeah. No question about It. Yeah. We we have some wonderful people we work with. Well, oh, listen, I noticed something about the way about this episode, which I've noticed before. And I think that people who watch Dateline would like to know about a little style issue. You seem to sit at a desk or table with the people on the other side talking to you. Yes. Is that the method you use for interviews? Well, this is gonna be the, the, the I I thought that you getting in a fistfight part was gonna be the, the best part of talking daylight. But now I think this is gonna be couldn be so I I know that you traditionally work without notes because you know every detail of the story Absolutely.

(18m 47s):
Cold. So you can sit across from someone and, and you don't need any notes. I on the other hand, am more of, you know, more of a mortal than you are. And I don't have your phenomenal memory or your command of the facts. Right. Well, I'm aware of That, That, No, I. That being said, I mean Those are, those are everyone. We Accept everyone, everyone is aware of that at day one. Yes. But I I like to work off of notes. I have all the questions written out. Mm in front of me and I have them in very big type and bold because I don't wear contact lenses. And so I don't wanna wear these glasses on television.

(19m 30s):
I don't see why not. They look pretty good on you. Eventually I'm gonna have to, but at the, The moment, I, they make you look smarter. Josh. That's the, that's the point of those glasses. I couldn, I couldn. Hardly look any dumber. So I like to you like sort of a detective, you know, No sort of that's nice of you, but No. Yeah. So I like to have all my notes in front of me and I spread them out on a tabletop, which is why I I have a table and there's a table that some of our crews here in Los Angeles carry around with them. So that same table has been in a bunch of different Dateline interviews in Southern California and elsewhere in the, in the west. Yes. So Wait a minute, they take It out of town. Some, some It has been taken out of town and brought back to town.

(20m 12s):
It's just a very traditional folding table with a wooden top. But it's, yeah, it's been in a lot of Datelines. It has Sure. And It helps me. 'cause you, you can I can I can take notes on It. I can I can rest my elbows on It. You know, it's, you probably Have a kind of an emotional connection to That table now. Well we use It so often We're we're like this. Yeah, yeah. I mean closer than the one I have to you. Let me just say, Well that wouldn't take much. Yeah. And then one more thing about the table, which is that if the person across from you gets angry and tries to lunge at you, which has happened to me at least one time on Dateline, you Get the table there.

(20m 56s):
Yeah. Which kind of slows 'em down. Yeah. And allows me to say No No, the person you really want is Keith Morrison. So yeah. No, when people lunge at me, they, they usually, you know, actually nobody's ever lunged at me. Josh. That's so that's something you've got over me. Nobody really, you ever made anybody so angry that they wanted to pick a swing at you? I mean I'm not talking about people that work at Dateline. I'm talking about I. Don't think so. I Don't think so. No. No. They may have thought those thoughts but they didn't do anything About them. Oh, I'm sure it's occurred to them. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Thank you Josh. I. Appreciate That. You I. Think we're gonna talk to Michelle Madigan in a moment About social media questions. Yes. Until we meet again, Josh.

(21m 36s):
Until We meet again.

(21m 41s):
Looking for the scariest most haunting movies this season stream the No Sleep October collection on Max. Featuring new releases premiering all month, including Salem's Lot, cat Lake and a 20 four's Maxine Streaming exclusively on Max Plus. Watch cult classics like Scream The Shining a Nightmare on Elm Street and more movies that will keep you up all night long. Now. Streaming subscription required visit max.com

(22m 9s):
You're probably tired of paying for so many TV channels you don't even like and certainly don't watch. You're in charge of live TV with Sling you Get to choose and customize your channel lineup. Getting the channels you like. Sling has the live sports, news and entertainment channels you love and less are the ones you don't. So you save hundreds of dollars and Sling knows stuff happens. You can pause your live TV subscription at any time and still Get over 500 channels for free. With Sling free stream Sling's Cloud DVR lets you record your shows to watch on your schedule with No complex technology No, long-term contracts, No hidden rigamarole. Watch TV anywhere at any time with Sling. Sign up for free today at sling.com/choose. That's sling.com/choose sling.com/choose.

(23m 7s):
What does the future hold for business. Ask nine experts and you'll Get 10 answers. Bull Market, bear Market, Rachel, rise or Fall. Can someone please invent a crystal ball? Until then, over 40,000 businesses have future proofed their business with NetSuite by Oracle. NetSuite is a leading cloud financial system, bringing accounting, financial management, inventory, HR into a single platform and source of truth with real-time insights and forecasting your peering into the future with actionable data. Whether your company is earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and sees your biggest opportunities. And speaking of opportunity, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash Dateline. The guide is free to you at NetSuite dot com slash Dateline NetSuite dot com slash Dateline.

(24m 5s):
Hi everyone, I'm Michelle Madigan, one of the producers of this episode, Wrong Turns. It. Turns out both Josh and Keith are filming today. So my co-producer, Rebecca Glazer and I are here. And we'll go through your questions from social media. Hi Rebecca. Hi Michelle. So Rebecca was on x on Friday answering viewer questions and I'm not sure if all of our listeners know that, but if you do watch the episode live, we have a producer online during the broadcast to answer the questions that come up. And you know, Josh was online Friday too, so definitely if you're watching join us on social media. It's a a lot of interaction.

(24m 46s):
And this one was, was pretty active. Yeah, so There were a lot of comments on Facebook about the twists and turns of the case. So Bridget Falcons Taylor on Facebook said that was one of the best episodes I've seen in a while. I kept having to rewind to make sure I understood What was happening. And then Nick Niro says one of the best state lines ever and best is in all caps, lots of twists and turns. Michelle That wasn kind of a twisty turny case for us to follow It too. 'cause we didn't even know who all the players were when we first started, right? Oh, Exactly. Initially I understood that There were two murders and two defendants, but I did not know how they were all connected. But one thing I knew was that Tanya, Justin's girlfriend was going to be key and I really needed to speak with her to help understand how all of them were connected.

(25m 37s):
The big thing for me as the case was making its way through the system, was to really learn more about Bailey Sharp. She was such a mystery to me and I think she was a mystery to a lot of our audience too, right? Rebecca? Yeah. A lot of people on X thought that Bailey Sharp was a fake Facebook profile until the part of the episode where we found out that she had been murdered, which is something that we didn't even think about as we were writing. So that's sort of an interesting thing. That, we saw pop up, Rebecca, you were at the trial every day. What was It like to be in the courtroom. I mentioned this on X too, but That wasn fascinating to me how There were No other reporters in the courtroom as the story of What happened, started to unfold in trial, I was just more and more shocked that there was No one else, There, because That, wasn, That wasn.

(26m 26s):
So fascinating What Happened. I, remember you called me and said something interesting happened during a break. So the judge was off the bench and That wasn quiet and I. Remember hearing someone say Rebecca and That wasn Jared and He was looking right at me and It turned out He, just He wanted my business card and was interested in talking with me. But it's, it's a little jarring to hear your name. Called out across the courtroom by the defendant. And He was actually interested in sitting down and doing an interview with us, but eventually his lawyer recommended against It just because the case is going through appeals and which is pretty standard. But He was interested in talking initially.

(27m 5s):
This Next topic is a big one on Facebook. A lot of people were talking about the broken relationship between Justin's family and Tanya and her baby, and Justin's baby Logan, peg Watson. Ebert said Justin's parents are missing a relationship with their grandson. Why would they do that? And then Jill Todd said, hopefully someday Justin's parents will be able to embrace their grandson. And Tanya, you know, we, we can't judge, we don't know all the dynamics. You know, everybody's gonna go through this process very differently. You know, I think we addressed It in the story as much as we, we couldn, but that's a heavy part of this case that both Rebecca and I wanted to be very sensitive about.

(27m 47s):
At the end of the day, it's, it's, it's their grieving process to go through and, you know, they allowed us a window into a small part of that. And, you know, we, we don't know how they'll feel in the future or really the full extent of, of how they all feel about each other. We can never understand That. Thank you so much for listening. Remember, if you have any questions for us about our stories or Dateline, you can reach out to us on social at Dateline NBC, also Get Ready for Keith's latest original podcast series. The Man in the Black Mask, when a Man Goes Missing from a movie set, A Real Life Horror Story unfolds beginning October 15th. You can listen to the latest episodes completely free.

(28m 27s):
Or to begin listening now, subscribe to Dateline Premium on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or Dateline premium.com. I Can't wait s love his podcast. And of course we'll see you on Friday's for Dateline on NBC.

(28m 44s):
Hey Everybody, it's Rob Lowe here. If you haven't heard I, have a podcast that's called literally with Rob Lowe. And basically it's conversations I've had that really make you feel like you're pulling up a chair at an intimate dinner between myself and people that I admire, like Aaron Sorkin or Tiffany Haddish, deme Moore, Chris Pratt, Michael J. Fox, their new episodes out every Thursday. So subscribe, please and listen wherever you Get your podcasts.