
Brought to you by the Capital One Venture X card. If you love to travel, the Capital One Venture X card is perfect for you. Earn unlimited double miles on your purchases and turn them into extraordinary travel. Enjoy premium benefits at a collection of luxury hotels when you book through Capital One Travel and get access to over 1000 airport lounges worldwide. Capital One, what's in your wallet? Germ supply. See capital one.com for details.


A true crime story never really ends even when a case is closed. The journey for those left behind is just beginning. Since Our Dateline story aired, Tracy has harnessed her outrage into a mission. I had no other option. I had to do something. Catch up with families, friends, and investigators on our bonus series after the verdict. Ordinary people facing extraordinary circumstances with strength and courage, it does Just change your life. But speaking up for these issues helps me keep going. To listen to after the verdict, subscribe to Dateline Premium on Apple Podcast, Spotify, or@datelinepremium.com.


Hi everybody, am Josh Menowitz and we're Talking Dateline today with Keith. Hi Keith. Oh, hello Josh. So this episode is called The Devil Wore White. And it's the kind of story that we almost never do at Dateline because it's less about the relationship between killer and victim and almost entirely about the relationship between killer and other killer. Now, this is the story of a criminal mastermind, someone you might have heard of. Her name is Ante K. She became famous back in the nineties when investigators who were looking for a missing millionaire uncovered a very, very creepy dark history of crimes and her surprising partner in those crimes and those murders, her youngest son canning.


Now, if you have not listened to this broadcast yet, it is the episode right below this one in the list of podcasts that you chose from. So you can go there, you can listen to it, you can watch it on Peacock, and then when you come back, Keith has an extra clip that he wants to play from more of his interview back in 2001 with Kent Walker, who was, you know, sort of the heart and soul of this show in a lot of ways. And later we're gonna be joined by one of my favorite people, and that is Dateline Producer Reman, who worked on this broadcast. And she will also help answer some of the questions that you may have from social media. So stick around for that or stay tuned. As we often said in 1961. Keith, do you remember saying stay tuned?


I remember saying that. I still stay. Stay tuned, Josh. Yeah, well there's no tuner anymore. That's the problem. So let's talk Dateline. So as I sit in the intro, this is the kind of story we don't usually do here at Dateline. That is absolutely correct. This is less about killer and victim and more about killer and killer. Yeah. And it's a crazy, crazy story. That's exactly what it is. The craziest story ever. And I was there in New York to cover it way back in 98 or whatever the heck That wasn. And when you hear the story of ante Kimes and her two sons, particularly the youngest one, Kenny, and what they got up to over the years, oh my goodness. The whole circus of activities that she was involved in was quite extraordinary.


Just a story that I, I hate to say it, but I really enjoyed living in it. Again, even though it's really dark in many respects, It's the kind of story that makes people want to get into journalism. I mean, it's a long, endless twisting yarn that touches on all different localities, different people, different crimes. I mean like ante. Her big talent clearly is that she doesn't come off as being as dangerous and as homicidal as she actually was. She was charismatic. She was the sort of person you loved to be with. She was friendly and open.


She looked like Elizabeth Taylor. She looked fabulous all the time. And she could carry on a conversation with anybody high or low. She came from low. She came from very modest beginnings, iffy beginnings. We don't really know what's true and what isn't true, because she lied about everything. Her Backstory is pretty murky. Yeah, it is intentionally on her part. Right. She was an okie supposedly, and a poor one was her story. But she got to the point where she could carry on a sophisticated and charming conversation with the vice president of the United States and was able to persuade or help persuade an official of the United Nations to, to make her husband into an honorary ambassador.


I mean, That wasn just phenomenal the sorts of things she was able to get away with. And then along the way she was trying, of course, to get her son Kent, to be her acolyte, to, to train him to be just like her, To be a criminal, to be a sort of small time, to be time Criminal. And, and she was making fine progress until he got scared straight in his mid-teens by the efforts of a girlfriend and by the recognition that he would probably spend most of the rest of his life in prison if he kept doing this sort of thing. Let's talk for a second about Kent's girlfriend, because I don't think she understood for a long time. One, what a huge service she did for him by talking him outta that life.


And second, how lucky she was to be finished with that world. That's right. Because She could wa she could have been in a landfill somewhere. Oh Yeah, absolutely. I, you know, I I have no doubt she would have been simply, you cannot cross ante and get away with it. And she didn't want somebody coming between her and either one of her sons. That was simply not gonna be allowed. Well, what's interesting is that ante was arrested a few times and had a criminal record, and that didn't slow her down, but the possibility that might happen to him clearly did slow Kent down. It did. I think she felt that she was smarter than, than any authorities who would try to catch her. Well, one of the other things about that bunch that fascinated me, and I'll include Kenneth Sr.


Her husband with this, the Millionaire, was how good they were at persuading otherwise normal people to engage in criminal behavior at their behest. Or they could persuade them to, to burn a house down. They could persuade them to illegally sign their name to a, a deed. They were just phenomenally good at doing that sort of thing. And she was, and I think That wasn her charisma and charm that really, you know, led that parade. You know, frequently on Dateline, we cover the stories of murders and the murder is the point of the person's criminal activity. Right. Which is like, they want to get rid of their husband or wife or, you know, a boyfriend or whatever, right. Or whatever. But in this case, frequently the murders were, were to cover up other crimes, financial crimes, insurance fraud, check kiting when they would be found out like they were with that bank examiner, right?


Yeah, exactly. Like they killed that guy. Like they didn't gain anything from his death except that he was no longer investigating them. And precisely, you know, they, they clearly killed that that poor old woman in New York City just 'cause they, they wanted to either what live in her house or sell it and cash it out. They, they had two ideas. One was that they were gonna take it over and rent the apartments for a lot of money. And then the, you know, second idea was to sell it. Obviously That wasn a pretty valuable piece of property. And the antics that she went through, poor old Irene Silverman, you know, didn't see what was coming, but the antics that ante went through to try to get a notary public to sign the right kind of paperwork so that she could take over the property.


Phenomenal. And she found one that would Yes. Right. And she was posing as Irene at that point. She was lying in bed like the, like the big bad wolf in grandma's house. She was trying to pretend to be Irene Silverman, and actually at one point appeared to be succeeding. I think she would've succeeded had she not been caught that day. Great police work in this one. And, and also some incredible luck in which one officer recognizes the sketch right. Put out by a different part of the department. Yes. I think that Anna would, they have, they probably would have figured that out in a, you know, not too long a period of time. But the luck in my mind was the fact that the LA cops decided That Wasn worth chasing down this woman who had stolen this car because they thought that she was good for the murder of David Kaden.


And they persuaded the fugitive task force that this couple, the mother and son should be arrested on a car theft warrant. You know, can you imagine just this 12 person or whatever That wasn New York task force spending a lot of time planning and arranging for the capture of these two people based on a car theft warrant. That must have taken some persuading even if they knew there was a murder in the background. Yeah, I mean, I, one sense is, there must have been a conversation which they said, look, this is a car theft warrant, but these two are on the hook for a bunch of murders. There's a whole lot more than that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. When we come back, Keith has some extra sound that did not make the broadcast that he's gonna play for us.


From his first interview with Kent Walker,


Every morning we choose how to begin our day. This Is Today. I think about the people at home, they tune in because they are curious. They care about their world and they care about each other. There's Always something new to learn, whether a news event or a new recipe. And when we step through the morning together, it makes the rest of the day back. We come here to make the most of today we are family, we are today. Watch The Today Show with Savannah Guthrie and Craig Melvin, weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.


Hey guys, Willie Geist here reminding you to check out the Sunday Sit Down podcast. On this week's episode, I get together with standup Comedy Superstar, Nate Bargey in front of a live audience at New York City Winery to talk about his rise from small clubs to sold out arenas around the world. You can get my conversation with Nate for free wherever you download your podcasts.


Now they had the final answer, or did they? Nothing has more suspense than a Dateline mystery, and no one wants to wait to find out what happens next. That's why everyone needs Dateline Premium, where listening is always ad free. You get the whole story and nothing but the story. Or do you? Yes, actually you do Subscribe now on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or dateline premium.com.


You know, most moms don't lead their kids into lives of crime, but that is a position of some colossal influence. I hear my mom's voice when I have not made the bet. Right. I hear my mom saying, go make the bet. Sure. And I do, and I'm good at it too. That's all Holly Menowitz. But most moms don't groom their kids for a life of crime, you know? Sure. And the idea that one son couldn't break away and the other one knew he had to is such a great part of this story. It is. You know, when the older son wouldn't cooperate, the younger son became her next mark, and he was so attached to his mother. I think she made sure of that from the very beginning of his life.


She coddled him. She, he was her little prince. She did everything imaginable for him. And she attached him to herself from such an early age. She wouldn't let him out of her sight except to go with very brief sojourns with the, with His brother. I don't excuse his behavior at all. And I, and then that I don't, he's right where he belongs. He's a killer. Yeah, exactly. But one does sense that he sort of never had a chance, Right? Yeah. Pretty much. It would've taken a lot for him to break free. And the, the continuing relationship or non-relationship between those two brothers I found fascinating. I don't even know exactly how to describe it.


I'm not a psychiatrist, so I couldn't go there. But one who loved her, even as he recognized that she was a terrible person and he couldn't possibly associate with her, the other one who loved her in a way that a person who cannot break away from somebody loves them. Poor Kenny. I, you know, I say poor Kenny, he did some terrible things. So in a way, I don't feel sorry for him at all. He's exactly as you say, where he belongs, but he's trying so hard to make it look like, you know, he's making amends for his past behavior. Yeah. Kent doesn't buy it. Yeah. I'm not sure where I Buy it. Think about it. Exactly. I don't think I buy it either, but, Well, I mean, first of all, you do this. He does this interview, you know, but I don't wanna talk about my mom.


Right, Exactly. Yeah. The only thing he wanted to talk about was I'm, you know, I wanna raise a million dollars and and you're gonna help me raise that million dollars. Yeah. Come on. And then we'll come on. We'll spend an education because education needs to be better and maybe I'll take a course in being a good military guy and then he didn't wanna really talk about it very much of anything else. That's a guy who's sort of as disconnected from reality now as he was when he was under his mother's throttle. Yes. And as I'm sure you have encountered frequently in doing these stories, Josh, as I have, when people go into prison, they tend to stay the same age in some weird way that they'll come out 20 years later and they're still the, you know, 20-year-old who win in the first place intellectually, you know, emotionally.


And you think that's, that's Kenny Seems to me. Yeah. I mean, you know, he has done some things in there. He had a girlfriend for a while though. She passed away. He had a girlfriend who was, while he was incarcerated. Yes, exactly. Yeah. He wouldn't have been able to have one before he was incarcerated. No. Right. I will never understand that. Although I did work years ago with a woman who was dating a guy and he was locked up, and I assumed wrongly that, that they had been together before he got locked up. She's like, no, I met him, you know? Yeah. After he was, and I'm like, why are you, why are you dating somebody who is incarcerated?


And she said to me, well, you always know where he is. Exactly. That's right. That's one of the more interesting fact thats about criminal justice in America and a lot of these people who have done really terrible things. Yeah. Have whole fan clubs full of people who would like to have relationships with them. And they say that our culture is flawed. Just imagine. Yeah. Yeah. All right. So this is the first interview that Kenny has done in a very long time. Well, Ever since he tried to appear to try to either strangle or stab the CNN reporter back in 2000 or whatever, That wasn that was a, that was a harrowing story. Do you hear anything in from Kenny that sounded like remorse to you?


Oh, you heard the usual, the kind of practiced remorse. And I, I sometimes I feel sorry for people who are in situations like that. And when society around them demands that they've been remorseful before, that they are able to achieve anything like forgiveness or even un understanding whether they're forgiven or not. Yeah. And so they'll go through all the motions of remorse. And then I've, the, the reaction is more often than not is I don't believe you or you're not really remorseful, you're just saying that. So in some ways, somebody who is locked up in his situation would say, well, you know, what do you have to do to be believed? I, I feel terrible about all this stuff and I really would like to make amends somehow, but then I, you just don't know.


Is it real or not real? Not sure. Yeah. We're big on, we're big on that in this country, on confession and redemption and Yeah. Oh yeah. And not believing the Confessions for a long time. Maybe more cynical. So was it difficult to get Kent to sit down and talk about this? Well, no, Kent, I don't, I wouldn't say difficult. Kent has, has actually written a book about this case and has been interviewed before. You know, we interviewed him a couple of times before, so he is, he's happy to tell the story. I think he is getting to a point where he would like some sort of resolution with his brother, but he is not quite there yet. And I think once he achieves that, maybe he'll be, he'll move on from the story.


But that's been the cornerstone of his life. This feels like a good time to play the extra sound from, from Kent Walker. This is a, a piece of the interview that did not make the broadcast, and he's talking about some early memories with ante. You're a kid, you're in a drug store or something with your mother. What happens? Well, she got a big purse, real big purse, and we're going up and down the aisles and I'm usually a few feet in front of her, and when she comes out, the first is half full of stuff. Might be oysters, might be a lipstick, might be a roast. A roast. Yeah. I was, we we, we got caught one time in Newport Beach and store manager caught her dead of rights and she turned around and just, how dare you accuse me of this.


He's, after about five minutes, he's apologizing to her saying, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. We get in the car and she reaches into her purse and pulls out a big roast, not a little roast, a big roast, some, some oysters. She loves some my oysters. Oysters and a roast, a roast beef. I mean that Roast beef, I mean it's, you Can put it in the oven and, and cook It for dinner. Sunday dinner. Yeah. We ate, well, it's not like six days a week. She was a good girl and one week she went bad. No, that, that was always there. Was it for a thrill, you think? I think in, in, in my early years That wasn more of a necessity. That's how we ate. I mean, she didn't do that.


We didn't eat. Now you, you fall in love with the good stuff that she was and, and you know, that was never gonna be replaced and it made it too easy to forgive the bad stuff sometimes, you know, you kind of held out hope that maybe she'd calm down, maybe she'd become rational. Maybe, maybe she'll outgrow this. Maybe, you know, once Shante Ks got in your blood, she never left n never completely. Wow. Well that tells you something. That's actually a very good way of describing it. That's a good bit to use. Did police have anything to say about whether or not Ante and Kenny are suspects in any uncharged murders? There are other people out there that they killed. I didn't hear anybody saying they think there are more.


I think that probably is it, it's possible there's another one, but you know, it's never, it's never been anything that any police department has been chasing down that I know of. So they're both on the hook for these murders. Kenny confesses to save her like, it's like the last act of this controlling relationship that they had, right? Well, yes. Kenny confessed to all the murders to, to save her from death row, save her from the death penalty. He saved himself too at the same time. But really I think the more important thing to him was saving her. As you pointed out earlier, Kenny really didn't have a chance. He was up against it from the beginning.


His brother Kent feels bad for not doing a little bit more to save him, but I'm not sure he could have, you know, because ante, you know, she loved this boy and she was enveloping him, her protective arms. And I guess the way of describing it from the outside is that she was trying to make herself his whole world. Yeah. Yeah. That part was super creepy. Okay, after the break, we'll be back with Dateline producer extraordinaire Reman and she will answer some of your questions from social media.


Hey everybody, I'm Al Roker from the Today Show. Let's kickstart your wellness journey with the all new start today app. Everything you need for a healthier you all in one place, fitness challenges for all levels. Meal plans that are easy and delicious and so much more. It's built to fit your lifestyle and our experts will guide you every step of the way. Come on, let's do this. To subscribe, download, start today from the App store on your Apple device now terms apply, cancel anytime through Apple under profile settings.


We are back and we are joined by Dateline, producer Reman. Hi Anne. Hi Josh. How are you? I'm good. I love having you here on Talking Dateline, love Talking to You. We are gonna take some questions from social media, which Anne is gonna help us answer. But first, and tell us about sort of your journey with this case. I was a booker back in 97 and I was an assistant producer, so it's just like the lowest on the rung. I was on something called booking duty where you go through all the papers and this and that and it's before the internet mostly. So you were doing all the wires and stitching together something to our boss who says, great thanks.


But that morning, the Daily News had a story that I, I knew That wasn, That wasn gonna be enormous. And so I handed her the note. I went downstairs to smoke a cigarette, which I no longer do, but That wasn my twenties. And for the next few weeks That wasn just 90% of my time. That wasn a fun story to work on mainly 'cause the developments were everywhere. And I got to meet Keith for the first time. Yes, yes, yes. Was it as intimidating to work with Keith in 1998 as it is now? No, we know each other. We've traveled the world together. We have, Let's talk about some social media questions, which have come in now. They're more statements than questions, but here's one from Tammy Minski, who we know very well here at Dateline.


She said Kenny probably has no idea how to live without his mother. And I have to say that sounds true to me because she is like dominated his life, controlled almost every aspect of it forever. Yeah. He struggled, certainly he had a, and, and you know more about this than I do. You've spent more time talking to him. I, I think as much as he an influence like you, you can't survive maximum security male prison thinking of your mother's guidance. But one thing I think this is not even a theory, if you were raised as a con artist, it's great training to negotiate prison in a certain way because you know how to target people, befriend people, get things outta people.


And he's like a bunch of other people that we occasionally interview on Dateline, which is, I'll do the interview, but I don't wanna talk about the thing that you want to talk about, which is the only thing anybody wants to interview you about. Yeah. Keith did a really great job of making sure like we handled both, you know, Okay. One, I think you're right. Two, stop kissing up to Keith. Sure. I don't have to kiss up anymore. He likes me. I think I like Anne better than I like you, Josh. Oh, I, first of all, I I I don't have any question that that's true that most people feel that way. So you, you're definitely the majority. Joan GVS says, I had to go to the bank four times in a month to answer for everything in my life, to buy my house. Over 20 pages of information proving we're not laundering money was completed.


That wasn crazy. How do these people get away with it? You know, first of all, the answer is one of the answers is That wasn easier to do that previously than it is now. The Other thing is, she didn't go through the normal front door kind of way of, you know, in New York City of buying an apartment, getting approvals, taking the, the, you know, 90 days and doing that. She was, she was trying to go around it and, and frankly it's something in my mind what partly brought her down to the like incredibly antiquated real estate laws of New York City. Yeah. Stacey Delilah writes in to say, if these people had put this time and effort into a legitimate business, they could have been successful.


And that's probably true, but going straight's not as much fun, is it? No, That wasn't the Point. No, I also don't think ante could have survived in, in a legit business like, you know, the nine to five just keeping up with what's No In the business of conning and scamming people sort of have contempt for, for like, you know, the squares who you know, work every day and don't break the Rules and, and in fact to show how contagious this sort of feeling about the legitimacy or the lack of it is when she married Ken who had made a success of his life in the legitimate way. He was really no longer interested in being legitimate. He loved when she broke the rules and he could kind of live vicariously in her badness.


Now Andrea and Blaine got a question last week that they want us to listen to, so let's listen to that. So we've got another one, this is from Instagram. This is ha Viva Gordon Bennett with a question. I just got done listening to an episode of Talking Dateline That wasn Keith Morrison, who I love and Josh Menowitz, who I also love. They were trying to be funny with each other. Like Keith Morrison called Josh like an infidel. And Josh was like, yep, totally Phil. But there was like so many moments of that it felt really like, almost like, do they really not get along or do they get along?


Are they frenemies? That wasn an interesting back and forth and now I'm not sure and I want Andrea Canning to chime in and like let me know if they're actual frenemies. That was a, that was a great question. No, I can absolutely tell you that they are friends and they love rubbing each other and they love, you know, getting into these conversations with each other. And I've been around them so many times and I have never seen anything but love between those two. Yeah. Andrea could not be more wrong, Keith, essentially, She clearly doesn't know us well at all. No, Andrea is correct. Keith is one of those people that you never hear anything bad about.


And, and now that I've gotten to know Keith A. Little better, I do understand why because he is a pro and a great journalist and, and, and Just go, you know what everybody was, what is he doing? What is He doing? He's just so great. Blah. You can't get enough Keith. There comes. Yeah. Yeah. It's like the rest of us don't exist. Okay. There you go. Alright. I feel better now. Okay, so that is Talking Dateline for the week. Thanks very much Keith and Anne, and thanks to all of you for listening. Remember, if you have any questions for us about our stories or any case that you think we should be covering, you can reach out to us on social media at at Dateline NBC or you can send us an audio message for a chance to be featured in our next Talking Dateline episode, which I know there's fist fights to do that.


And don't forget to tune in Friday for my all new episode on Dateline at nine o'clock Eastern, eight Central, about the April, 2023 murder of the guy who founded Cash App, A man named Bob Lee. It's a story you've heard about and now we're gonna tell you about the hunt to find his killer. See you on Dateline on NBC.