
Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business. With the Internet's best converting checkout, 36% better on average. Compared to other leading commerce platforms, Shopify helps you turn browsers into buyers. In fact, Shopify powers 10% of all e-commerce in the us. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash podcast free. All lowercase Shopify dot com slash podcast free Shopify dot com slash podcast free.


Hi everybody, it's Josh Menowitz, and we're Talking Dateline today with Keith Morrison. Hi Keith. How you doing, Josh? I'm good. We're here to talk about Keith's episode called The Ranch, which is about the very frightening kidnapping of a guy named Eduardo sca. He's a father and husband. This all happened in a small city in Mexico and what followed was a really unbelievable fight by his family, by his wife and kids to get him home. Now, if you have not listened to this broadcast yet, it is the episode right below this one on the list of podcasts that you just chose from. So you can go there and listen to it or if you wanna watch it, stream it on Peacock and then come back here.


In addition to talking about this episode, Keith has a clip that you're gonna play for us from your interview with Jayne Ko, and then later we will answer some questions about the broadcast from social media. So stick around for that. So let's talk to Dateline. Let's do it. So this is, I'm gonna say an older episode. This was done in what, 2010? Something like that? Yes. We have done this several times. It remains one of my favorite stories ever, and it's probably the reason why we went back to, to recheck on it from time to time over the years and things changed.


Things changed in sometimes very dramatic ways, but the original story itself is extremely dramatic and, and also romantic and also terrifying, and also life-affirming and the people in it, the people in this story. Remarkable, remarkable family. Well, and as a story, it's got a couple of twists that you don't see coming. That is very true. So let me, let me ask you this to begin with, you know, I mean Janet, Eduardo, their story is sort of fairytale. I mean. Like they, you know, they Oh yeah. They meet by chance. Next thing you know, they're going out. Next thing you know, she's coming down to Mexico.


Sure. And then they're living together in this sort of beautiful bubble, as they call it. This kind of kidnapping for ransom is unheard of in the United States. It's an absolute antique in terms of crimes in the United States, but not in Mexico and not in a lot of other countries too. Right, right. So my question is, were they ever concerned about this When they moved down there? They Were not. They moved to a lovely town. San Miguel, Dede is unlike any other place on the planet that I've been able to determine. It's just, it's an amazing place full of really beautiful, lovely, friendly people.


It's also a, an extremely popular expatriate community. There are tons and tons of Americans and Canadians and Europeans who have decided just to move there and, and live there very happily in their retirement. It's a wonderful place. And Jayne and Eduardo both attracted to this place, found a piece of property at the edge of town on which they constructed an absolutely magical ranch, and then raised this truly idyllic family. But That wasn a peaceful place. You know, when they set up the Waldorf School and the kids came from all around town and they, they had this tradition of kind of going off in the Jeep in the morning and bumping down the roads to the school, That wasn on their own property.


That wasn phenomenal. And that town and much of Mexico, in fact are often thought to be maybe dangerous places, but it wasn't dangerous. That wasn no more dangerous than it is, you know, in some of the towns in America, Except that people don't get kidnapped for ransom often enough. Right. To generate an industry that's there to respond to it the way it exists in Mexico. Right, sure. And there was a spate of them that occurred right around the time they happened to live there. And when we went to the very top of the Mexican law enforcement apparatus and were given an audience with the leaders of, of the Mexican version of the FBI, and they, you know, opened the doors to us to show us what they were doing, they believed that this was part of a kind of a rebellious group that was committing kidnappings as a way to finance themselves, make political statements and to finance themselves, et cetera, et cetera.


And so that's what they thought this particular kidnapping was too. And that's what the investigation was. And in the end, of course, it turned out it wasn't that at all. That wasn it, That wasn all the more shocking because That wasn just such a garden variety thing. Just a criminal, a local guy doing a copy of this stuff and kidnapping a couple of people around town. We found we believe the kidnapper's house, and we were able to I mean he left in a hurry. That was clear. But he lived a, what is what appeared to be a classic middle class life where he had a family and he was I mean. He sat on the board of the Waldorf School. They saw each other every day.


The kidnapper on a regular basis saw Jayne vca as she was going through hell trying to find her husband. And he was the one who was holding him in a box. That wasn, also instructive and illuminating to crawl into that little, we built the, the box, we built a box that was according to Eduardo's Constructions. So That wasn about the same size, about the same kind of material. Yeah. But, And that, I have to say that box I mean I don't think of myself as claustrophobic, but that box would've given me some serious issues. Oh God. Yeah. Your figures. So this, this little box that was not quite long enough for you to lie down in, certainly not high enough for you to stand up in. You can't really move around much in it.


You're in, in a crouch all the time. It's the inside of it is carpeted with rough, rough carpet so that you move yourself on it, you're gonna have bedsores in a matter of a couple hours. There's a light on 24 hours a day in the top of the box. It's just like, it's right above your head. I mean this is all very, very close to you. So it's, it's bright light, this black carpet and rap music playing 24 hours a day. So you can barely, you know, hear yourself. And the, the only thing you're gonna have to eat in the course of a day is maybe, you know, half an apple or a slightly rotten egg that they throw in at you.


I'm, I'm sort of surprised I was thinking about this while I was watching the episode. I'm sort of surprised they didn't take better care of him because I mean he's their annuity. Like anything, like if he starves to death or has a heart attack or something, like they, they don't get any money. Yeah. Well, and they shot him several times. Yeah. I mean, I mean it's phenomenal what they did to him. That, and somehow they survived. No I mean, I i i the only part of what he quoted them as saying the, the kidnappers was that, you know, if you hear anything, if you can hear what's going on, that's why we have the music playing. If you hear what's going on, then we gotta kid you because you probably hear our voices and you'll know where we are. Right, right. But there's obviously ways to do that to soundproof a room that doesn't require, you know, deafening music.


And it's like starving your, your, your kidnap e to death I know doesn't strike me as the smartest way of doing that job. If, If they wanted to be cruel, I could not think of many more ways to do it. And he's half his body weight when he comes back and she Yeah. She barely recognizes him. Right. We, first time I met Eduardo, we went for dinner and he was exclaiming on the delightfulness of food and how he loved all food now. So he ordered, remember he ordered a sardine appetizer. He brought the sardines to the table. And normally people will kind of like That wasn just a full sardine came to the table. Right. You, you'd take the fish off the bones and you'd eat the fish and you'd leave the bone.


He ate the whole thing. He ordered chicken, he ate the bones of the chicken. He ground 'em up in his tea. He ate the whole thing. Wow. Good. He just loved all food. It changed the way he ate. Yeah. It totally changed his appreciation of those kinds of things about life. I'm guessing that he should have gotten some significant psychotherapy when the, when that period of captivity was over, because that's a, that's a hard thing to live with. It. It's tough. And I have to confess to you, I can't be sure I mean he seems pretty well adjusted. He Was phenomenally well adjusted all along. Yeah. And just he so, you know, incredibly grateful to be alive. Does Eduardo think that, that this was a one man job?


Or that he had, he had help that there were other people there? There were thought to be three or four people in on this. There had to Be other people for the actual snatch. Yeah. Yes. But they have not been charged in connection with Eduardo's case that I'm aware of anyway. They may be at some point. It's hard to know When we come back. We're gonna have more from Keith's interview with Jayne. sca.


Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business. With the Internet's best converting checkout, 36% better on average compared to other leading commerce platforms. Shopify helps you turn browsers into buyers. In fact, Shopify powers 10% of all e-commerce in the us. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash podcast free. All lowercase Shopify dot com slash podcast free Shopify dot com slash podcast free


Tomorrow, an NBC News exclusive Lester Holt one-on-one with President Biden, the full unedited interview followed by special coverage of the Republican National Convention. It all starts tomorrow at 9:00 PM on NBC and NBC News. Now, At the beginning, the way everybody's talking about Eduardo, you think he's dead and they're even talking about him sort of in the past tense. And the kids say things like, I, you know, I knew right then that I would never see my dad again. Right? So I'm thinking like, okay, he doesn't make it back. How does this, how does this unspool, how Does it Resolve? Yeah. So you, I thought you guys did a great job with that. But, so by the time you went down there to do these interviews the first time around, he was already out, and obviously Jayne was still alive.


That's correct. Jayne had had several bouts with breast cancer at that point. And here, just imagine this, and it's, it's in our story too, but that she was, you know, suffering rather horribly with her disease. She should have been getting full-time attention, but she was concentrated on the effort to find Eduardo and to, to free Eduardo. And she would travel to the United States to get treatment every once in a while, and then she'd be right back to Mexico. I've interviewed a lot of people over the years, and I will say this about those two, Eduardo SCA is one of the most upbeat and full of life and interesting men I've ever talked to.


He, you could be in a terrible, terrible funk and you go see Eduardo and five minutes later you're dancing unhappy. But Jayne was, if you were going to write a romance story and you wanted somebody to, to be the, the maiden you fall, that Earl falls in love with because of her attributes, her loveliness, her lovingness, her sweetness, her charm, it would be Jayne, vca. She was extraordinary. I think we all, the whole crew was in love with Jayne. And so when she died, That wasn heartbreaking. I can only imagine how difficult it had to be sort of, you know, reading these, these ransom letters that Eduardo, he's forced to write, you know, in which he's talking to her clearly not in the way abusing he normally talk to her.


Yeah. You know, and he's, he's yelling at her and, you know, why don't you care about me? And I mean, I get it. I mean your, your kidnappers are making you do that. But it's a it's gotta be a horrible thing. That's right. Yeah. You know, early on you kinda learn, they kind of learn what I sort of already know from reading about stories like this, which is, this isn't gonna come back, this isn't gonna be over in a day. This isn't gonna be over in a week. This won't be over in a month. This can be a long, hard slog and expensive and filled with, you know, crushing, you know, sort of ups and downs and things you think are gonna happen and then they don't happen. And boy, that was true because it just felt like she was disappointed at almost every turn again and again and again.


And yet you, you really get the feeling that like, you know, I mean as regrettable, as That wasn. She was like the perfect spouse for that. Like, she kept the family together and she, she knew what to say to the kids, or at least she figured out what worked and she never lost hope, which is just amazing. Yeah. That, well, you know, again, that's one of the elements that made this a great story. So let's listen to that sound about Jayne in which Jayne talks about how she and Eduardo met, and you get some sense of this sort of fairytale life. They lived. Well, it's kind of like one of these fairytale stories. I had just come back from a big trip to Europe when I met Eduardo, my husband at the Sutton Place Gourmet, which is a gourmet supermarket in Bethesda, Maryland.


I was there to use the public phone at the entrance of the market, and Eduardo and his older son from previous marriage were in the shop buying chocolates. So I parked my car and I was running to the public phone to make a couple of calls that I needed to make. And he was coming out, thought I was trying to rush in before closing time. The manager had locked the door behind him. So he very, being very friendly as he is said to me, oh, I'm sorry miss, they've just closed the door behind us. They won't be letting you in. And I said, oh, it's okay. I'm just going to use the phone. And that was it. But it, I wouldn't say That wasn love at first sight, but there was definitely initial attractions. He went to his car and I'm making my phone calls and I hear moments later, a car passing.


So because there had been this initial attraction, I went to turn with the phone over my right shoulders just to see if That wasn him and That wasn. So her eyes met. So he ended up turning around and, and came back and we struck up a conversation. I asked him where he was from. He said he was from Mexico. And I talked about my love of travel. He said, oh, if you go to Mexico, you have to go to San. And friends had just told me about it as well. So that was the excuse to change exchange business cards and keep in touch, which we did. We, we spent the, the following month with lots of phone calls, letters, sent packages to each other, exchange photographs, and fell in love over the phone.


Really? So he convinced me after about a month to come meet him somewhere, and he rented a beautiful suite in Ixtapa that had two bedrooms. Ah. And so That wasn very much a gentleman, and I appreciated that. And so I went and we fell in love. Did you use the second bedroom? I'm sorry. I'll never tell. Yeah, we won't go there. But we, we fell in love completely and after our, our week together, and he had convinced me to go home and quit my job and finish the semester at school and come to Mexico, which I did. So That wasn just a couple of months, and we were house shopping in San Miguel Dede.


That's a, that's a very sweet story and nice story. Yeah. And good for you for grilling her on, on how that weekend was tough questioning. Wow. You're a, you're savage. I, yeah. Don't, don't try to get away with anything with me no matter what. Yeah, right. Hey, you know, I, I met my wife in the TSA security line at LAX, so I know, just when I thought Stranger things couldn't happen, sure enough. I know, I know. Yeah. I, I know. I, they were busy that day. I offered to frisk her for weapons and There you go. You know, next thing you know, we were married.


Okay. That part isn't true. Okay. After a break, we'll be back to answer some of your questions from social media. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business. With the Internet's best converting checkout, 36% better on average compared to other leading commerce platforms. Shopify helps you turn browsers into buyers. In fact, Shopify powers 10% of all e-commerce in the us. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash podcast free. All lowercase Shopify dot com slash podcast free Shopify dot com slash podcast free For True Crime fans.


Nothing is more chilling than watching Dateline. Have you ever seen Such a thing before For podcast fans? Nothing is more chilling than listening. What Goes through your mind when you make a discovery like that? And when you subscribe to Dateline Premium, it gets even better. Excuse me if I sound a little skeptical. Every episode is ad free. Ooh, Wow. So this could be your ace in the Hole and not just ad free. You also get early access to new intriguing mysteries and exclusive bonus content. So What were you afraid of? Dateline Premium. Subscribe now on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or dateline premium.com.


You ready for what's coming? Let's take some social media questions. Alright. Channy b wants to know, how long was The Ranch episode in production? The fact that Jayne passed That wasn Heartbreaking. So I mean this is, this was what, 10 years from 10 years? First episode, Last 10 episode. Yeah. Yeah. We would go back repeatedly and re-interview and bring things up to date. And as we discovered more things, I mean, you know, we were, this investigation went on for years trying to figure out who That wasn and where they were. And we had sightings.


We thought that we had them in our sights physically at one point, the kidnappers that is and came close. But anyway, yeah. So we had to redo the episode several times. Denise Tracy wants to know. She says, I'm glad Eduardo and The Ranch hand got out alive and the kidnapper got caught. But Poor Jayne. Well, poor Jayne. Definitely. Yeah. I'm glad they let The Ranch hand go and didn't just kill him, which is kinda what I thought was gonna happen. Well, They, yeah. And they, had they been the, the true bad guys of the, the Mexican State police thought that they were, they probably would've killed them, but if this was this, you know, amateur kidnapper when he realized he wasn't gonna get any money, he just said, oh, to hell with it and let him go.


Alba North, who's a friend of ours on social media, says, I need a Keith and Eduardo Positive Vibes podcast. I think you, I think you may have hit on something there. Yeah, yeah. That's good. Good idea. I like it. Jamal 10 28 says, I love Eduardo and Keith partnering like an eighties cop duo. Yes. I totally see that. Yeah. Yeah, That's right. Yeah. There's the Mexican guy, the Canadian guy. They're solving crimes on both sides of the border. Absolutely. Yeah. Right. Happy solving crimes. One's in a great mood all the time. One's in a terrible mood all the time. Yeah. Yeah. Which one's in the, oh, that would be me, I guess.


Yeah. Sorry. There's really not much question about that. Thomas Percy says, Jayne and Eduardo left a beautiful legacy in their children, such amazing and wise people they have raised. I'm sad that Jayne did not live to see the abductors arrested, and she did not. Right, Right. Please tell me, everybody involved with the obvious exception of Jayne is doing okay today. The, yes. Eduardo lived for a time in Spain. He came back to the United States. The children are all, they're, they're, you know, they, they picked up a lot from their terrific parents, and they're, they are, they're living good lives.


Okay. That's a nice, that's nice to hear. That is Talking Dateline for this week. Keith, thank you. Oh boy. That wasn. My pleasure. Everybody. Thank you for listening to us, and if you have any questions for us about our stories or about anything on Dateline, you can reach out to us on social at, at Dateline NBC. See you Fridays on Dateline, on NBC. So many twists and turns, there are more surprises on the way Dateline is on fire.


I'm Andrea Canning. Welcome to Dateline True Crime Weekly. A new podcast covering breaking crime news around the country with the best reporters on the case in Santa Fe. NBC news analysts and Dateline producers on the ground kind prosecution of I'll dive into stories that are catching dateline's attention this week. This is sort of baffling investigators and get to the bottom of what you need to know. The question is, did you really think that you were going to get away with it? Dateline True Crime Weekly. Listen now and catch new episodes every Thursday.