
Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. The shop pay feature even boosts conversions up to 50%. So if you're into growing your business, your commerce platform better be ready to sell. Wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling, upgrade your business and get the same checkout top brands like Allbirds. Use. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash podcast free all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash podcast, free to upgrade your selling today.


Hi everyone. I'm Blaine Alexander, and we are Talking Dateline. Today I'm here with Andrea Canning. Hi Andrea. Hey, Blaine. Hey, this episode is called Deadly Omission. if you haven't seen it, it's the episode right below this one on your Dateline Podcast feed. So go over there, listen to it, or stream it on Peacock. And then come right back here. For this Talking Dateline, we have an extra clip from John Peak's interview with police after they learned his previous wife, Carol Marlin had been murdered. But to recap, when Casey Peak was found dead in her bed in 2005, investigators turned their attention to a double homicide that had happened nearly a decade earlier to start unraveling what had happened to her.


They ultimately learned that Casey's husband, John Peak, had killed not one, not two, but three women before finally being put away for good. Okay. Andrea, let's talk Dateline. Let's do it. You know, one of the fun things about watching a Dateline episode is, oh, okay, where does the title come in? And of course, Deadly Omission, we find out pretty quickly what the omission was when investigators say you didn't think of mentioning that sooner. Yeah. And there were actually two big omissions in this one. Of course, the biggest one was my first wife was murdered along with her friend I mean huge. Your second wife has now been murdered. But also the friend Barry Webb, that's another thing that the police are like, Hey, you didn't wanna mention that you'd gone over to Barry Webb's house and, you know, broke in.


Like, like that's maybe important, maybe a little bit. I, you know, I found myself as I was watching this episode, I was just so shocked that he kept being able to slip through the cracks so many times. Right? Yeah. Like, or, or at least for the first one, he just didn't really do a good job making a lot of stuff. Make sense? No I mean you get caught breaking into, as we said, Barry Webb's house. And then you're saying that you've never been to Maggie Gin's house, but yet everyone in her world knows that you've been there 'cause you helped fix the VCR. He certainly did make a lot of mistakes in that first one. I have to say, I was fascinated that he didn't move further away.


I'm here in Atlanta, so Mariet and Smyrna are literally right next to each other. Like it's 20 minutes to get from one town to the other. So the fact that after the first murder in 96, he didn't go to Texas or kind of skip town, was unbelievable to me that he stayed so close by. Yeah. And I think he was brazen and bold and, and you know, had a huge ego. I think he was like, he got away with it and he is like, I can do whatever I want. He slipped through the cracks in 96, but 30 years ago, almost 30 years ago, the technology then wasn't what it is today. There were a lot of kind of bits of the investigation that had it happened today, he probably would've gotten caught a lot sooner. Yeah. The technology I mean for one, That wasn so weird to hear the detective say that he couldn't find Maggie Gin's phone number.


Right. Or address. That's right. Right. I mean, can you imagine today a police officer saying, well, I have no way of finding her address. Right? I mean what? This wasn't in the show either. And I said, well, was she in the phone book? And he's like, no, unlisted. So, you know, 'cause that then you would go to the phone book. Right. Or you'd call 4 1 1, you know, back in the old days, of course, how people did things. So That, wasn, That, wasn odd. Right. To see that that was an obstacle. But yeah, I mean everything has changed so much with technology and DNA, it's hard to get away with stuff now. Right. With between cameras everywhere and text messages and your, your cyber footprint, cell towers, it's a different world.


It's hard to do things now without leaving some trace. Let's talk a little bit about John and his fascination with, with true crime stories. What, what was it like for you learning that detail? It's something that I hear a lot in Datelines that the person was obsessed with, you know, CSI or they, they watch Dateline, or they watch all these true crime shows. In another story that I did, That wasn actually part of like the prosecution that, that the killer went to this CSI crime experience in Vegas. Oh, wow. That's mighty creepy. It's a little, that's, that's, that's just, well, yeah. Yeah. If you're gonna take that knowledge and then commit a crime, I mean, most of us watch it because we're fascinated by it.


But like, if you're gonna go that next step and actually actually put into practice, that's, that is very creepy. That's creepy. You know, I think that a lot of our Dateline fans who were watching this episode could probably say that John, he messed up a lot of things. And one of them would be kind of the staging of the crime scene to try and make it look like a burglary gone wrong. And I think that initially investigators right, they were like, oh, could this be the case? But they were pretty quickly able to see that no, this, this, this wasn't actually a, a burglary gone wrong. Yeah. And I mean, I would say nine times outta 10 on our datelines, the burglary gone bad theory is quickly dismissed. Yeah. It's always a thought. Could have been. But then a lot of times it's weird.


Like they, you know, they make it look like it's a burglary, but then like, nothing's missing. Right, right. So that, that happens a lot. Like they walk through the house and just kind of throw things around and That's right. It's like the burglary. It's I mean. Yeah. Our, our datelines so often start out, you know, detectives had to wonder, was it a burglary gone bad? And then the answer's no. And then it's, yeah, it's usually crossed off, crossed off their list. So yeah, I wanna talk about the two police detectives that represented these two different departments that worked together on this. And I, I loved watching the relationship. I even loved the, the original detective being the one to make that arrest. And just kind of like what that meant for him personally.


He really was affected by this because he couldn't get that arrest. And also that fear, you know, that, well, what will happen in the future? Because I wasn't able to, to close this case. And you heard him talk about like how he would run into him jogging Yes. And just kind of pop up and visit him outta nowhere just to see if he could get him off his game and, and, and nothing worked. And so then to find out that Casey was murdered I mean, imagine the guilt. Not that it's his fault in any way, but like you, you would think, oh my gosh, if I had just solved it, you know, Casey would be alive.


Did you feel that guilt when you talked to him? I did. I did. That wasn, one of those things he said that just haunted him. And these detectives carry this stuff around with them, you know, for years. It's sad because it's, it's not their fault. Right. He worked the case really hard. He just couldn't get that arrest. And somehow, somehow John Peak got away with it for a while. There for a good while. A good while. I think the hardest part for, for so many viewers and certainly watching this That wasn so frustrating to see that he really did move on with his life. He got $700,000. Oh yeah. In life insurance. He married again. The thing that for me that's really stood out about John Peak was he looks like the guy who could be barbecuing next door and like, you know, waving to you as you're leaving to go to work in the morning.


And we, you know, obviously killers all look different, but John Peak, he was not some creepy loner. Like he, he seemed very considerate. Right, right. Like when getting, oh yeah, yeah. Okay, I'm gonna confess. Yes. I had never heard this before. So Liz Cole, our executive producer, wanted this in the show. I always say, you learn something new every dateline you do every episode. Yes. And for me, this one was love bombing, so I had not heard that term. I guess love bombing is where like John Peak showered, you know, all the women in his life with cards and flowers and too much dinners. Yes. And like jewelry and too much doing too much.


Yes. And then turns out he turns out to be evil. So anyway, so I was like, oh, I'd never heard of love bombing I mean I feel like I'm up on pop culture, but I guess not, not on that one. Well, you had the phrase you knew if you wanna find a man, you gotta get off the couch. Like you had that one. Yes. You had that one on lock in the episode. Yeah. But love bombing. I feel like typically, is it somebody who texts like, good morning, good morning, good morning every morning. Or just like, is doing a lot, right? It's just kind like, maybe that's a bit much I mean I don't want that much. You know, you want the person to care about you and show you they care, but not in an obsessive like way that's over the top s smothering. Right. At least smothering at least for me anyway. That's not my thing.


When we get back, John Peak married a total of four times two of his wives were brutally murdered. But what about the other two?


Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. The shop pay feature even boosts conversions up to 50%. So if you're into growing your business, your commerce platform better be ready to sell Wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling, upgrade your business and get the same checkout top brands like Allbirds. Use Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash podcast free all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash podcast free to upgrade your selling today.


Ready Actors a new horror movie with a promising young star action. She was so good at playing a killer, but where did the performance end and reality begin? Cut a story with surprises even Hollywood couldn't have imagined. I'm Keith Morrison. Think you've heard every Dateline story. Think again. Listen to Killer Roll and a dozen other riveting series when you follow the Dateline Originals podcast.


Hey guys, Willie Geist here reminding you to check out the Sunday Sit Down podcast. On this week's episode, I get together with Larry David to talk about the bittersweet end of his iconic series, curb Your Enthusiasm and Why On Earth He decided to cast me on his show in this final season. You can get our conversation now for wherever you download your podcasts.


Let's talk about the ladies in this episode. I, I, I think that, you know, we've talked about them kind of piece by piece, but women really were the backbone of this episode. And just to, to say their names we're talking about Carol, Maggie, and Casey, the three victims of John. One thing that I really loved was when you interviewed Casey's friends, I, I loved cheering. The two of them talk together. They were, they were fun. They were, they were. And they really gave you this kind of sense, almost kind of an inside look into what their friendship was like. I could feel that just hearing from them. Yeah. And, and Blaine, I'm sure you living in Atlanta, you're a member of the Atlanta Ski Club. Right. That was new to me. I said, oh, I've never never heard of that. I've never heard of that.


I was like, the Atlanta Ski Club, where do we ski? I don't know. I I I know, I don't know either. Like I, 'cause I'm a skier. I grew up in Canada, so on a ski hill. So when I heard Atlanta Ski Club, then they quickly cleared it up for me that it Exactly, it's much more about the partying Yes. Than the, than the skiing sounds. Yeah. We'll have to look, look into that. That sounds fun. I mean, you could tell how close they were. Every woman wants friends like that to have that tight knit group. Yes. That's got your back. Yes. Right. Yes. And, and those women, it's, we've all had that, that time where a good friend is with a guy, you know, they shouldn't be with that guy. You maybe try to say a thing or two, but they, your friend can't see it. Right. Sure. Because as they say, love is blind. Sure. But it's not blind for friends.


Right. Of course. I could tell how just they, they just seem like such good friends. Yeah. And then when one of the friends said during the funeral how she looked back at John and said, we're gonna find whoever did this and just stared him down. I said, oh, that's, that is a girlfriend right there. Like, that is good friend. Yeah. That was really brave. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like that's something I would do. Exactly. You do it for your friends. Right? I would, I would stare 'em down and then I'd probably be scared after that. Oh my gosh. She's gonna come after me. So I, I think when we talk about this I mean the, this human nature of everybody wants to find love. These are women who are just looking for love. But unfortunately they came across John Peak. I wanna talk about that aspect of just, you know, how this kind of desire for love led them to this very dangerous person.


Yeah. I think Carol, I don't know as much about I mean, I know she'd been married before and didn't wanna marry again. That's why they were common, considered common law. Casey was more obvious because we were able to talk to her friends. So we really got more into her head. She just seemed like she really wanted a partner. You know, at that point she really wanted to get married. So you can see like John Peak comes along, you know, he's I mean. She thought he was good looking. He had a good job for her. It seemed like Prince Charming Sure. Had, had come along and, and he, he remember he came over to a party Yes. At her house.


And so someone brought him as a friend. Right. And so when, when that happens too, you're like, oh, well, if he's friends with that person and you meet 'em, I think for women, we always think that's the best way to meet someone Right. Through someone. Yeah. Through someone. Right. Because then someone can vouch for that person. And, and so I think she probably was lulled into this false sense of security that a friend had brought him over. And why would you think that there's anything wrong with him? There's nothing wrong, except for when he did tell her he did fess up that his wife had been murdered. That would be a little strange for me. Not to say that I wouldn't believe the person, but I would be like, I'd have to sort of wonder like, is there anything more to this else?


Yeah. I'm curious as you get some insight from talking to her friends, why she was still able to move forward with him, that she was able to kind of brush that under the rug that wasn't in her head. I didn't know her, but she probably, you know, was like, if he's being honest with me about this, why shouldn't I believe him? I mean people do have murdered people in their life. You know, it, unfortunately, it happens. And so I'm guessing that she probably saw him as someone who was going through something really hard, like a little bit of truth. Right. Like she got some, some of the truth. So it's like, why would I doubt that that was the full truth? Right. Right. I don't know. That's just a thought. So we know about his two relationships. The unfortunately that ended in, in, in Murder.


John Peak though had been married and divorced twice before he met Carol. So what do we know about those two women? We didn't find out too much about those first wives. We do have an extra clip from John Peak's interview with police that did not make the show. That gives a little bit of insight into that. How many different women have you lived with? Five. How many of you married? Let's see, I again, Mary when I was real young. That lasted about two years. Then Colleen. Okay. Mary, Colleen, Carol, and Casey. So four, four.


Yes. And then semi Liz. It's just, well, not living without living together. Besides Casey and this other lady, are all the others living? Yes. Yeah. What a question to have to ask somebody. Are the others living right? Oh yeah. Yeah. And his answer, yes, definitely. Oh my gosh, they're goodness. Maybe the lucky ones then, I guess. Yeah. Yeah. That whole, that whole section is, is is scary. I think it also just underscores just how creepily manipulative he could be. I mean. Right. De deceptive to the fact that so many women were trusting him to the point of sharing their lives with him. Yeah, absolutely. So let's talk about Lisa John's latest girlfriend.


I was fascinated hearing from her because she could have very well been John's next victim. Yeah. She was set to inherit some money, I believe That wasn, Coca-Cola shares that her grandmother had. So he love bombed her, right? Yeah. He did the classic John Peak acting like the perfect gentleman. I'm curious how she reacted when she was talking to investigators and, and they'd started telling her some of this. She was just surprised by so much of it. You know, she was surprised to hear that he really hadn't fully broken it off with Casey. That they were still seeing each other, they were dating. And also, let's not forget that he threw her under the bus, like as if she was the one who might have killed Casey.


That. wasn. Unbelievable. This is a woman who was really blindsided in that interview. Absolutely. But, but you know, the police don't know her at this point. Right. So you have to think in that moment when a, when a detective is first on a case, they don't know these people. They, they barely know anything about their histories. They don't know them personally. You've gotta like, do more digging and get more insight into this person, into that relationship until you can make that call. I, I'm curious, what do we know about John's family, his friends, any, anybody in his circle? Anything that was something that we really had a hard time finding a lot about? I don't know a lot about him to be honest with you. He's almost a bit of like this mystery man to me.


You know, obviously when we kind of get to the end of this, a very big surprise was that he decided to plead guilty at the end. Yeah. What do you think happened there? I think he saw the writing on the wall. Mm. And they were, the walls were closing in. It's either I'm gonna go through two trials and possibly face the death penalty, or I'm gonna plead guilty and not be killed. I, I think that was probably the motivating factor if I had to guess after the break. What did one fan tell her dog while watching this episode? We've got your social media questions and comments when we get back.


Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. The shop pay feature even boosts conversions up to 50%. So if you're into growing your business, your commerce platform better be ready to sell Wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling, upgrade your business and get the same checkout top brands like Allbirds. Use. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash podcast Free all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash podcast. Free to upgrade your selling today.


Out of nowhere there, That wasn, sudden shocking, terrifying. I have Never in my life felt fear Like that. Was this someone's idea of a sick prank or was it a horror movie Come Horribly alive? I'm thinking he killed him. I, he had filmed the Murder. I'm Keith Morrison and this is Dateline's newest podcast. The Man in the Black Mask. All episodes are available now to listen ad free. Subscribe to Dateline Premium on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or dateline premium.com. For true crime fans, nothing is more chilling than watching Dateline. Have you ever Seen such a thing before For podcast fans? Nothing is more chilling than listening. What Goes through your mind when you make a discovery like that And when you subscribe to Dateline Premium? It gets even better. Excuse me if I sound a little skeptical. Every episode is ad free. Oh wow. So this could be your ace in the hole And not just ad free. You also get early access to new intriguing mysteries and exclusive bonus content. So what were you afraid of? Dateline Premium. Subscribe now on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or dateline premium.com. You Ready for what's coming?


Let's move to some social media. Misha Hackman on Facebook. I thought this exact same thing when I launched another Dirty John. That's what Misha said. Another Dirty John, right? Yeah. He is absolutely a dirty John. I watched both seasons of Dirty John. Yeah. And That wasn such a good short-lived series. But yeah, he would be perfect because he is a dirty John. He victimizes women, he manipulates abuses, you know, lies to them, gaslights them. I just think he never met a woman he didn't like or want or wanna seduce or wanna manipulate. What is it with the name? John, you also talked about your story, John that you John John Smith.


John Smith. Yeah. John John Smith. I know. And also it goes with the guy next door. Right? The most unassuming name John. Exactly, exactly. Just a, just a regular average name. John feels safe. Yeah, feels like a safe name. Yeah. Okay. Nancy Sorbo on Facebook said, I'm not buying his John's fake crying on the 9 1 1 call. Let's talk about that nine one one call because he did it just to the, you know, untrained eye. Untrained ear. He sounded devastated. He sounded upset on it. Y yeah. And then it's funny 'cause Liz Sanity, another viewer replied to Nancy's comment and said, the minute I heard that, I said to my dog, the husband did it. Her dog.


I, you know what Liz, I can tell you I talk to my cat all the time. Yes. But listening to it, did it seem believable? I mean, or a little over the top? I mean it's so hard when you just don't know the person. Right? Yeah. You just don't know what their mannerisms are, how they talk. But probably over the top probably Colleen and Carton on Facebook wrote Wow. Banged on the hotel room door. Bravo. She's talking of course about how Casey suspected John was cheating on her and she went to the hotel and took matters into her own hands. Yeah. I mean John and Lisa did not answer the door. And then poor Casey was escorted out by security. I was just amazed that at first she got to the hotel reception desk and they said no.


And whatever she did, whatever she said, convinced them to finally Yeah. Give her that room number. Thought that was a win. I don't think, I don't think that would happen now, do you think I don't think they would give the number. Absolutely not. Like where they just easily give out the person's num room number. Not good. Okay. We had fans on X who talked about what they thought about the invoice that was found in Maggie's hand when police arrived at the scene. And Tom Largo had a good question. He said, how is someone who is getting the life beat out of them able to hold on to a receipt in their hands? It's a sad question, but it's a it's a good question. Why do you have that I mean and why are they holding on to a receipt? Yeah. She's sitting in a chair, like holding a, I randomly that whole thing seemed to me to be very farfetched.


And I, and I think the detectives thought that as well. And the what is so sad and, and Layla, Maggie's granddaughter said it so well, Maggie was collateral damage. Sure. Can I just say, I'm so glad we heard from Layla, from her granddaughter. Yeah. I, I, I, yeah. She was so sweet, wasn't she? She was so sweet. And, and just hearing about Maggie as a grandmother just broke my heart too. I just thought that you did such a good job of showing us who she was and I'm so glad we learned about her. Me too. Yeah. Yeah. And I love this comment on Instagram from Soto, McKayla. I never watched Dateline alone. I always have idea. A wine in my hand. I also saw someone on Facebook who made a cocktail on Friday.


That's fun. How do you watch, how do you watch Andrea? Oh, do you really wanna know? It's so sad. No, I wanna know. Usually, usually, I'll tell you mine too. Usually we like by then, because it's on late later, my husband and I are like, we get into bed, we start watching it and then we like fall asleep. Yeah, yeah. But, but like, I've already seen it. So for me, I have an excuse he does not. And then he tries to finish it the next morning when he is eating breakfast. I love it. There we're, so there is two part a two part watching experience. Yeah. I have to DVR I'll DVR it. And then we usually, sometimes we'll watch on Sundays and my husband Jay and I will watch, it's very fun to watch it with him for the first time because he then kind of has these reactions or sees Oh my God, different things.


I didn't see like Oh, my God. That's interesting insight. Yeah. So Doess Tony, my husband, he's like, whoa, I didn't see that coming. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. He's like, you know, he gets really into it. But Jay, your husband's so sweet. He had the Didn't he have like a a party for you? He did. He did the first, first fun. And he came to New York when you were like, when we were announcing you were on the show. And I feel like Jay, I'm like, does Jay wanna be on Dateline too? Lowkey, he would do a great job. He was so funny because he was like, he was, I felt like he was part of the team everywhere we went, you know? And then they brought him in on the Today Show Show and, and he had the shirt on that he had made with your name at the bottom and orange. And like, can I tell you, he's a good cheerleader. Aw. He can I tell you how much he loved meeting all of you guys?


He loved meeting you all. He was like, this is such a great group. But he had so much fun. And I think that jumping into the Dateline world, like it's a, it's, it's kind of a family thing, right? Yeah. I mean like, you know, Tony knows these things, he knows these stories. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. So for Jay to be there and just know the team, but also see how things are put together was, was perfect. And well, we're so again, so happy part of the team and it's been really fun. Talking Dateline with you. It has been the best. Andrea, thank you for the warm welcome and thank you for Talking Dateline with me today. And that's it for Talking Dateline for this week. Remember, if you have any questions for us about stories or about Dateline, you can reach us 24 7 on social media at Dateline NBC. And be sure to check out Keith's newest Dateline original podcast, the Man in the Black Mask.


It's the story of a rising young director shooting a film about a serial killer in a hockey mask. But when a man goes missing near the set, a real life horror story unfolds. All six episodes are available now. Wherever you get your podcasts, Dateline Premium subscribers can binge the entire series ad free. And of course, we'll see you Fridays on Dateline on NBC. Thanks for listening.