(1s):
There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The Os. Oh. Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bes. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook, or betting the over on your favorite team hike. The bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the D-M-V-M-G-M and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER.

(49s):
When you think about businesses that are selling through the roof, like Allbirds or Magic Spoon, sure you think about a great product, a cool brand, and brilliant marketing. But an often overlooked secret is the businesses behind the business making, selling, and for shoppers buying simple for millions of businesses that business is Shopify. Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. And here's the not so secret, secret. The Shop pay feature boosts conversions up to 50%. That means way less carts going abandoned and way more sales going. Shopify will help you make sure your commerce platform is ready to sell. Wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling on the web, in your store, in their feed, and everywhere in between, upgrade your business and get the same checkout Allbirds uses. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash pandora. All lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash pandora to upgrade your selling today. That's Shopify dot com slash pandora.

(1m 60s):
Hi everyone, I'm Andrea Canning, and we are Talking Dateline. Today I am here with Keith Morrison, the legendary Keith Morrison. Hey Keith, You sure? A legend in his own mind only. Yeah, Right. I knew you'd laugh. Alright. This powerful episode is called The Shadow in the Window. If you haven't seen it, it's the episode right below this one on your Dateline Podcast feed. So go there and listen to it or stream it on Peacock and then come back here for this Talking Dateline. Keith has an extra clip that didn't make it into the show, and we'll also answer some of your questions about the episode from social media. To recap, in 20 17, 30 5-year-old Nada Hu Ranier was found dead on the ground outside of her Farmington Hills, Michigan home beneath an open window Inside, the home was a step ladder and cleaning spray Investigators wondered, was it an accidental fall while cleaning or something more sinister?

(2m 53s):
A complex investigation revealed the alarming truth that shook Nada's family and the community. Okay, let's talk Dateline right out of the gate here, Keith, this story, I mean the clues were so abundant. Yeah. That wasn like a Hitchcock movie. It it it really was, wasn't it? And then the, the clincher about who actually did it and how they could prove it Oh yeah. Was something I've never seen before. That wasn a too strangest darn thing. There were video cameras all around the house. Right. But That wasn, That wasn black dark outside. So the cameras weren't really recording anything with any quality at all.

(3m 33s):
But there was just enough light in the courtyard where she fell that it caught this flash of a shadow going by at a particular time. And you could, you could see That wasn the beginning of where she was tossed out the window and you could see that she was being tossed out the window by someone, which told them two things. It confirmed the medical examiner's evidence that she had to have been dead before she was thrown out the window. And it showed that That wasn a person who threw her out the window and she didn't go out by herself on her own steam. That shadow had all the impact you can imagine. Yeah. Yeah. I truly felt like I was watching a movie.

(4m 13s):
I don't say that lightly. That was straight out of Hollywood. Yeah. It, it, it That wasn That wasn. A lot of the happenings in this, in this story kind of would, it would make a good movie. Yeah. It, and I was such a complex character, you know, now a young woman, I is phenomenal young woman. Very, She was, and you were so good with her, you know, you were gentle kind, but also she clearly has a wall up I mean she has been greatly affected by this and Oh, hugely So. Yes. Yeah. That wasn sharing with you, but yet at the same time, at times detached while sharing these intimate details of her life.

(4m 60s):
And you can see it's like she's doing that on purpose. She doesn't want you to see what's inside. Right. She had a, she had gates and walls up all around her and she knew what she wanted to tell me, and she didn't want to tell me any more than that. And I didn't wanna be rude, but at the same time, yeah. You know, That, wasn important to understand what her motivation was, what drove her, what her, what her feelings were about all of this. She's still trying to protect herself from the emotional heft of what happened. I mean, she, the, she and her mother, she and Nada were very close in a family which was troubled in a family where, which was bisected between loyalty for the father and loyalty for the mother.

(5m 41s):
And I have, I think to this day, feels a tremendous amount of guilt because that night, her mother wanted her to sleep with her. Oh. As they did on occasion. You know, they were just, you know, to, because there was trouble in the house. House, you know, there had been trouble in the house and Aya with her was, you know, kind of, I think safe for both of them or made them both feel safe or better. Right. And she didn't that night and she regrets it to this day. But, you know, I was thinking to myself, I'm like, AYA, if it wasn't that night, it would be another night. Oh yeah. Yeah. So she shouldn't carry that guilt because they wouldn't have, I don't believe that would change the outcome, you know, maybe for one day.

(6m 24s):
No. And it, I found it instructive that she elected to go and live in a foster family until she was a recognized adult rather than live with her father. She, you know, retains that kind of visceral anger against her dad. To this day. We heard that visceral anger in the courthouse. Aya was so reserved in the interview. And then you heard her yelling in the courthouse. Yeah. The audio of her in the hallway. Yeah. But one of the things that was most intriguing to me about this story, they didn't charge the father with taking part in this crime or aiding and abetting or being in, in control of the son who committed it. And I think the prosecutor wished he could do that, but he just didn't have the sufficient evidence to be able to do so.

(7m 9s):
The dad was far away when the crime occurred, but was in constant contact with the son and had been all along. Yeah. Even though the dad was never charged with anything. What was interesting though, was the whole time I'm thinking, oh, the dad did it. The husband did it. There's no question. Yeah. And then suddenly it's the son. And I'm thinking, wow, I didn't see that one coming. Yeah. When we come back, Keith is going to share a podcast exclusive clip from an interview with Nada's divorce attorney Robert Vivian.

(7m 44s):
There are some football feelings you can only get with bed MGM Sports book. That's right. Not just the highs Woo, the Os Oh, or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team shit hype. The bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER.

(8m 32s):
When you think about businesses that are selling through the roof, like Allbirds or Magic Spoon, sure you think about a great product, a cool brand, and brilliant marketing. But an often overlooked secret is the businesses behind the business making, selling, and for shoppers buying simple for millions of businesses that business is Shopify. Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. And here's the not so secret, secret. The Shop pay feature boosts conversions up to 50%. That means way less carts going abandoned and way more sales going. Shopify will help you make sure your commerce platform is ready to sell. Wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling on the web, in your store, in their feed, and everywhere in between, upgrade your business and get the same checkout Allbirds uses. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash pandora. All lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash pandora to upgrade your selling today. That's Shopify dot com slash pandora.

(9m 34s):
The air hung heavy in the courtroom. The people pressed shoulder to shoulder, they'd heard the gossip and the whispers about a family teeming with passion and hate about a mysterious disappearance and a pile of bones found burning in a lime pit. And now they wanted to know what really happened, but even they were not prepared for the story that came spilling out the secrets, the lies, the confessions, and the ending so unimaginable. And now you will hear it too. The Dead Alive on Mors and Mysteries. A true story that became a classic novel. Listen now wherever you get your podcasts,

(10m 25s):
One of the weirdest things I think I've ever heard, maybe on a dateline, is when the brother IA gets her brother to go out and check on the mom on Nada. And He says in his police interview that he went to go get her water. Yeah. I mean, I'm thinking to myself, what? She's clearly fallen out of a window and that's what you do. You go get water. He, he probably didn't, he hadn't thought through it too thoroughly. He was, what, 16 years old. He was being questioned by some skilled detectives and he got, you know, he cha kept changing his story. He was, he was befuddled. He didn't plan it in a way that he would ever get away with it.

(11m 7s):
But when he had the conversation with detectives, the one that his father stopped partway through, he was incriminating himself increasingly as he talked to them because he would just tell 'em all this weird stuff. But then they looked at the video of him doing CPR on his mother and talked to IA about that too. And he was, he was going through the counting steps of doing CPR, but he wasn't actually doing the CPR because he knew she was dead and had been for a while. I, I actually didn't notice the first time around with the video. I didn't notice that he wasn't properly doing CPR. And then you pointed it out later in the show and I thought, oh, yeah.

(11m 48s):
And then I started taking a closer look, but at first I totally believed it. Yeah. Well that, that was his intent. He wanted to be believable, but he didn't give a very good performance. No, he didn't. He was a bad actor, I would say all around. Yeah. The other thing that really made me mad was when he, he brings up his sister. I like, he's blaming her almost in the police interview, or at least pointing them in her direction for a moment. Yeah. It's, he was trying to, he was wriggling, that's for sure. This was a very complex family dynamic going on. Like more so than most of our datelines, I would say. And our datelines get pretty complex. This one had another level to it.

(12m 28s):
It Sure did. They real hate that both not as husband and son began to show toward her was based on family dynamics, That wasn based on, you know, who's controlling this household and why are you behaving this way? Because she was, you know, That wasn, a That wasn. One of those stories where one of the partners in the, in the drama is launching a new life, is making a new person of herself. You know, this, this episode reminded me of a show that I did about a woman who was overweight and she started doing Zumba and she lost a lot of weight and suddenly she's having a different frame of mind.

(13m 10s):
Yep. And you know, that that meant she lost interest in her husband because he just wanted to sit on the couch and play video games. And now she's working out and making new friends and it leads to a breakup. And he couldn't handle that. So he killed her. And I really thought of this as being similar to that, you know, that that Nada was finding her way. She was breaking free from whatever pri prison she felt she was in, you know, in her, in her marriage. Yeah. She was, that's it. That's, you've got it exactly right. She was breaking free from that. And I That wasn interesting how everyone was very careful to say that her hi, you know, hijab coming off, you know, that it wasn't a religious thing. That wasn a, a freedom thing for her, you know, that, that now she's working out in the gym and then she's getting a job and she has a new guy and That wasn a symbol really of her, her new life that, you know, that coming off It, That wasn for her.

(14m 5s):
And I had some concern that people might see this as a sort of a rejection of Islam or something. The story not so at all. And you know, she was in a different milieu, a different culture, a different situation. And though she remained, and up until her dying day, an absolutely devout Muslim, she adopted a more Americanized kind of life and her husband and son had trouble with that. And I think that's what they focused their anger on. But the real anger was not so much that it appeared to me, but the fact that she was breaking away from the marriage and neither father and her son could bear that You have an extra clip, Keith, that did not make the show with a not as divorce attorney.

(14m 54s):
Yeah. Bob Vivian. Yeah. That goes a little more in depth into the relationship between husband and wife. Let's take a listen to that clip. Let's do that. I think Now, that was looking forward to being independent in terms of her husband and being in a less traditional setting. I never heard nada say a bad word about Islam or traditional Muslim garb or behavior or tradi traditions, whatever it might be. I she, it wasn't that That wasn really That wasn pretty impressive. She was looking forward, she was a good client and I would say she was a good mother.

(15m 40s):
I think Nada somewhere is looking down on AA and cheering her on just for the idea that AA is going to be a, a woman who is going to have to be reckoned with. And I think, I think Nava would would've really liked that. And it's so unfortunate and tragic that Nava is not going to get to see that. Mm. Yeah. It's you, you get that because Nada was breaking free herself and now she has a daughter who is so independent and is going to be a lawyer and yeah.

(16m 21s):
I mean everything he said just makes complete sense. It's just that in this case, the daughter is the one who has to complete the process that the mother began of becoming a fully human being. So true. Such a shame that Mohammad took that from them. He took that relationship. Yeah. That mother daughter relationship. And, and he took away from Nada the opportunity to see her daughter excel, which is really sad. In the end, Moham got, what, 35 to 60 years? He, you know, he was only 16 when the crime was committed. So I think you have to assume that he's not gonna serve the full 60 years that he'll probably be released closer to the 35 and he'll still be, you know, in midlife and able to, to live a, some kind of life after that.

(17m 13s):
But it's still a huge penalty for a young person to pay huge for getting all wrapped up in anger at his mother. Right. But you wonder what he's thinking, sitting in a jail cell knowing he is got, you know, 30, 35 years ahead of him of that kind of life. Will he regret what he did? Will he get dug further into his, into the anger and into, you know, a kind of a narrow way of looking at life? I don't know. Prisoners they say will tend to stop the growth of an individual. They kind of come out no matter how long it is. They come out the same age as when they went in. If they went in a teenager, they're ap to have teenage attitudes when they come out, even if they're 40 or 50 years old.

(17m 58s):
But some of them, and a few of them we have spoken to, I know you have, I have for sure spoken to people in prison who have thought deeply about what they did, who have decided to take responsibility and do something about their lives. You know, even if they're not gonna get out ever to try to, you know, to make an accounting of themselves to see if they can issue an apology that will make any sense to anybody. Be a real person about it. What will Mohamad do? I don't know. Yeah. After the break, we're going to answer viewer and listener questions about the show from social media.

(18m 36s):
There are some football feelings you can only get with Bem. GM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs Woo. The os. Oh, or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team bet Hike. The bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM The sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER.

(19m 25s):
When you think about businesses that are selling through the roof, like Allbirds or Magic Spoon, sure you think about a great product, a cool brand, and brilliant marketing. But an often overlooked secret is the businesses behind the business making, selling, and for shoppers buying simple for millions of businesses that business is Shopify. Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. And here's the not so secret. Secret. The Shop pay feature boosts conversions up to 50%. That means way less carts going abandoned and way more sales going. Shopify will help you make sure your commerce platform is ready to sell. Wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling on the web, in your store, in their feed, and everywhere in between, upgrade your business and get the same checkout Allbirds uses. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash pandora. All lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash pandora to upgrade. You're selling today. That's Shopify dot com slash pandora.

(20m 26s):
For true crime fans, nothing is more chilling than watching Dateline. Have you ever seen Such a thing before For podcast fans? Nothing is more chilling than listening. What goes Through your mind when you make a discovery like That and when you subscribe to Dateline Premium, it gets even better. Excuse me if I sound a little skeptical. Every episode is ad free. Ooh, Wow. So this could be your ace in the hole And not just ad free, you also get early access to new intriguing mysteries and exclusive bonus content. So what were you afraid of? Dateline Premium. Subscribe now on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or dateline premium.com.

(21m 9s):
You ready for what's coming? Okay, so Keith, our first viewer comment is a good one, a very perceptive one. It's from O OMG Garcia. I'm always baffled how criminals think there isn't a camera watching nowadays they're everywhere, but to get caught by your own. Yeah, it is ironic, isn't it? Mind you a a 16-year-old mind who's probably very deeply troubled and upset at that very moment. Probably the last thing he was thinking about is a camera watching, especially when That wasn That wasn so dark that night.

(21m 52s):
Yeah. So incredibly dark. The assumption was a camera wouldn't capture anything and it almost didn't. Okay, our next question is from just Jen. She had another good observation as well. Well, I don't think she was cleaning the windows with Tilex. You know, I think that's a probably a word for word. If you put a bubble over the head of the first detective on the scene, the words inside the bubble would be, well, I don't think she was cleaning the windows with Tilex. So very perceptive. Yeah. Okay. Linda Addie made the comment, who cleans windows at 6:00 AM I was wondering the same thing. Yep, good comment.

(22m 33s):
Also, one of the things on the minds of the detectives gets up on a ladder that are the night. Not a shred of light outside. No, our Dateline viewers, nothing gets past them, does it? No. Okay. Next one is from Mary Grace Donaldson Riano at the real Gracie DI can't imagine the level of disrespect you must have for a parent to call them dog in your phone. Yeah, well, good point. I was shocked at that myself. That wasn a kind of a shared disdain that father and son had for Nada and That wasn, That wasn. Pretty awful to see, frankly, that a son would use that word.

(23m 13s):
I can't imagine it. Yeah, That one got to me too when I saw that I mean that. Ugh, that's all so terrible. Okay, the next one, hot flash, honey. The most dangerous time is when she tries to leave her husband. Yeah. And we've, we've heard this from so many datelines that we've covered Time again. It is so true. Yeah, it's a good remark. While we're there, just if anybody is in that situation or thinking of being in that situation, it's so important to be sure you have backup, to be sure you have help. Sure. You have a place to go and someone on whom you can rely when violence occurs, it very often occurs in that particular period of time.

(23m 54s):
So something to think about. Absolutely. For other people who might be in a dangerous situation, like Nada, reach out to the National Domestic Violence Hotline at 1-800-799-SAFE 1 807 9 9 7 2 3 3 or the hotline.org. Lisa J. Miller. Lisa J. Miller co Well we know her. She, Yes. I she you had Lisa on as a guest on After the Verdict podcast a few months ago talking about her detective work. Well and she was a key, a key character in the story we did in Colorado. Yes. So that, yeah, that's where that co comes from.

(24m 35s):
So Aya has already shown she has the fortitude to do anything. She sets her mind to another well-told story that shows the strength and resilience of those who lose a loved one to violence. Good point. Yeah. I was a very impressive young woman as I think I told you earlier. She was careful about what she was saying. Understandably so. I mean you're sitting there talking to a person you've just met and you're, you're being asked to talk about very personal things. You're gonna be careful. She didn't want to reveal all the emotions involved, but you could see they were there and how difficult That wasn for her to have to navigate that passage.

(25m 17s):
And yet she did so with grace and courage and she's still doing well. Yeah. Hats off to, I, I feel like she's gonna do a lot of good things in her life. Yeah, I agree. Very impressive young woman. This last comment is from Meghan Berry. Meghan. It just so happens was the jury foreperson on this case. And so she said that she still thinks about Nada, the victim of the crime, and she hopes that the jury brought a sense of justice for her and her loved ones like Aya with their decision. Wow. Yeah. Sometimes we try to talk to juries, as you know, and occasionally they, they decide they'd like to talk to us, but rare that somebody would, would write a response to a program.

(26m 5s):
I, I, I'm glad she did. I'm glad also that they were able to find their way to a, what I thought was a very fair and very reasonable and very good decision in this case. Yeah, me too. Thank you Megan for that. That's it for Talking Dateline this week. Remember, if you have any questions for us about stories or about Dateline, you can reach us 24 7 on social at Dateline NBC Plus tune in this Friday for the season premiere of Dateline at nine eight Central. I'm bringing you a powerful story about a murder that went unsolved for years and about the victim's family and their fight for justice. Thanks for listening and see you then on NBC.

(26m 55s):
There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The os. Oh. Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, good hike. The bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM The Sports book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.