
Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. You can apply on your iPhone in minutes and start using it right away. You'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Start holiday shopping for your friends and family today with Apple Card. Apply now in the wallet. Apple on iPhone, subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City Branch terms and more@applecard.com.


Dateline is sponsored by Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about in a good way. What's in your wallet terms? Apply See capital.com/bank. Capital one, NA member DI.


Hey everyone, it's Andrea Canning and we are Talking Dateline. Today is a special treat. I'm joined by Dateline producer Lynn Keller, who worked with me on the episode. We're going to be talking about Hey Lynn. Hey, Andrea. So this episode is called The Man of Many Faces. If you haven't seen it, it's the episode right below this one on your Dateline Podcast feed. So go there and listen to it or stream it on Peacock and then come back here for this Talking Dateline. We have an extra clip from an interview with a pub owner in Scotland who came face-to-face with The Man of Many Faces. But to recap, hoping to evade law enforcement and a slew of criminal charges against him, an American man, Nicholas Verian, faked his own death and fled the country investigators.


And our Dateline team tracked down the elusive fugitive to Scotland before he was extradited back to the United States to face justice and to tell one more surprising story about who he really is. Okay, let's talk Dateline Lynn. A big question is, and 'cause it's going back now, is how did we get, you and I both just became very interested in this story together. I feel like you emailed me a, a link to the story. Okay. And we were, we just kept talking about how crazy That wasn and then our affiliate in Rhode Island in Providence interviewed him and we're like, oh, we wanna do that too.


And so I reached out to that reporter. He gave us Nicholas's contact, or Arthur's contact Arthur. Yeah. And then I set up a call for the three of us That wasn you, me and Arthur. Yeah. And then do you remember too, I remember we were on a story, a completely different story, and my phone rang and That wasn him. And so we had to, we had him on speaker and we just let him talk and talk and talk, talk. He does talk. He talks and talks and talks a lot. Yeah. Not that there's anything wrong with that, but he does talk a lot this story, the conman stories. You and I really enjoy doing them. Not to say like, we feel obviously very bad for the victims of these stories because it's awful what people are put through by con men.


But at the same time, they are fascinating to look into them. We don't do them as much on Dateline. We, we usually stick to traditional murder investigations. Well, I think what happened is we got what we would consider a yellow light when we pitch the Story. Yes. That's what you always say. And so they, they basically said, well, you know, just go see what more you can find. And so then once we booked the interview and you did that amazing, oh my gosh. Bizarre, crazy interview that got our bosses hooked on. Like, let's see what else we can do. Yeah. And one of the things I wanted to say also about the victims is that it turns out usually that they wanna have a voice. They wanna have an opportunity to talk about it.


I was gonna say the same thing in this case. Now Nicholas Rossi is behind bars. He's pleaded not guilty to all of the criminal charges he's facing. But you know, there was a time where he wasn't behind bars and, and these women said, look, I'm, we're speaking out because we wanna, we wanna prevent this from happening to anybody else. The victims of Nicholas alleged and some actual victims of Nicholas, they have a Facebook group where they communicate with each other and they keep track of what, you know, what's happening with him. Yeah. So they abandoned together, You know, this, this interview came about. I, I mean, I honestly didn't think he didn't, wouldn't show up. We disclose in, in our show that we did that interview remotely.


I was in New York and, and Nicholas Arthur was in Scotland. We did that interview in my basement. And, you know, a lot of people said like, how did you keep a straight face? And the reality is, I didn't like when he stands up and, you know, falls over in that kind of, dare I say iconic moment, that triggered me, you know, to start laughing it That wasn, it's one of those moments where, you know, when you're in school and you're not, like, you're not allowed to laugh and then you then you just, you laugh more That wasn kind of that. And so I lift up the, my notes and I and Arthur, are you laughing at me? Are you laughing at me?


And I put the notes in front of my face 'cause I felt so bad. I was like, no. And I'm trying to make up excuses, but there's no, there's no excuses. Like it's just, it's Happening. I mean, that was a extremely unusual circumstance to have somebody who was obviously faking, you know, try to do this demonstration. Yeah. And he would say he wasn't faking that he really has these issues from Covid, you know, and he really truly was in the hospital. That's for Covid. That's, Well then we found out later that when he goes back into the hospital, a female doctor and nurse told him that they were gonna release him and he hops off the gurney Yes. And goes to attack them.


So that whole thing of him trying to stand up, I mean, chances are That wasn, That wasn completely enact That wasn not real. Yeah. I mean, I think, I think a lot of people would probably agree with that. So yeah, we're, we are trying to book another interview with him, and we've been going back and forth and the, the jail has said no to allowing us physically inside the jail. So we were trying to do either a video interview over video conference or a phone interview. And we've been just going back and forth, back and forth and, and did not get him to agree by the deadline of our updated story. Right. Because he did say that. He's like, oh, I do wanna do an an in-person interview.


Yes. That's what he told us. Yeah. But in, and we gave him the deadline and Yeah. He never got back to us in time. He didn't get back to us in time. Yeah. I would love to do an interview with him again. I mean, so I hope he accepts, you know, at some point to do another interview with us. What would You be, what would be your first question? Like, what would be your most burning question to him? Oh, I don't, I don't know. That's a good question. I mean, certainly see, you know, to see if he would reveal. So when he was in court this year in Utah, what was his line about? You know, he, he had to fake it 'cause they were trying to kill him because of his work with Department of Children and Youth Services in Rhode Island that, you know, they were after him.


So he had to like, essentially what go into hiding. And he made that comment about if you, what was it? If you give a mouse a, a piece of cheese or whatever, break that down for us, Lynn. What did that mean? Give him The, the prosecutor asked him, so who are these people who wanna kill you? And he said, well, I don't wanna give a mouse cheese. And basically he was saying that by saying their names, he was elevating the whole issue. So they closed the court and then I guess he revealed two names of people that we don't know. I would be curious to know how much his wife Miranda knew if he would tell us. Yeah. Like, when did she find out about his faked death? I would love to talk to her again too.


Miranda, I'd love to get her reaction to what is happening now. Because she said, remember, if, if anyone would know, I would, you know, if he was a bad person. I mean, and we, you and I were talking about this, like, he's, on one hand, it's, there's elements of this that are kind of humorous, you know, the falling and the, the characters and all that. But there are real victims in this. Some alleged, some victims, but I mean, he is accused of rape, violent rape, and that is no laughing matter. And so it's a, he's a kind of a weird dichotomy. It's one of those ones you're sort of confused how you should react to this man.


Right, right. And how you should talk about him. That's right. It's very, like, I've never really encountered countered someone like him, That reporter in Scotland that you interviewed. She said, I've been a journalist for 30 years. I've never met anyone like him. Yeah. So it's across the board, we're all feeling the same. And, And it goes to the title of the show, The Man of Many Faces. Right. So maybe there is one man that you laugh at and then there's one man that you're scared of and you know, it's, And one man you feel sorry for because he, he had a terrible upbringing. Yeah. Had a terrible childhood. You know, that's Absolutely, that's hard. When we get back a bonus clip with a local pub owner who saw the conman from behind the bar,


There are some football feelings you can only get with Bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs Woo. The os. Oh, or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team bet, hike the bet MGM map is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM the sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem Call one 800 Gambler.


Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. The shop pay feature even boosts conversions up to 50%. So if you're into growing your business, your commerce platform better be ready to sell. Wherever your customers are scrolling or scrolling, upgrade your business and get the same checkout top brands like Allbirds. Use Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash podcast free all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash podcast free to upgrade your selling today.


A true crime story never really ends even when a case is closed. The journey for those left behind is just beginning. Since Our dateline story aired, Tracy has harnessed her outrage into a mission. I had no other option. I had to do something. Catch up with families, friends and investigators on our bonus series after the verdict. Ordinary people facing extraordinary circumstances with strength and courage, It does just change your life. But speaking up for these issues helps me keep going To listen to after the verdict, subscribe to Dateline Premium on Apple Podcast, Spotify, or@datelinepremium.com.


What do you think about his voice? Do you think the, like talking like that, do you think that that could be real, that that's a side effect of Covid? Or do you think that that's a put on voice and that the moment the cameras go away, he talks to Miranda normally? Yeah. So when he did the interview with you and he was in Scotland, I believe that some of That wasn true and some of That wasn a little bit put on because he really did want to communicate his side to you and sometimes you just couldn't understand him. And so you'd turn to Miranda and say, could you basically tell me what he just said? But that stuttering thing seemed, that seemed put on me. Yeah. But even today he has that his voice is definitely been affected.


And maybe that's from having oxygen going constantly, that that could also affect your vocal cords. I don't know. Yeah. It's, you know, when we, when we talk about this man of many faces and, and you know, he had to really keep up the accents and like, you know, his profession and all like different people that he spoke to, maybe he was different things. We have a clip with a pub owner we sat down with in Glasgow who shared an Arthur Knight story. Let's take a listen to what he had to say. So in the UK we have a a, a dish called Coronation Chicken. Right. Which is a, is a standard thing for buffs a weddings or bowling clubs and stuff like that.


And we were having coronation chicken for lunch one day and I had some extra wraps and I asked him if he wanted a coronation chicken wrap, you know, we're kinda like that. And here, quite friendly, quite open. And he didn't know what Coronation Chicken was now. So That was odd for you? Well, not at the time. At the time I was just thinking, oh, you know, old money guy, I dunno what they have at the buffets, you know, but Coronation chicken is, is is like sausage rolls or whatever at a buffet or sandwiches or whatever, you know, so that with hindsight that, that, that's strange that he wouldn't know what that was. You know, Most people from this area would know, or Eng or Britain, most people in the u Great Britain.


Yeah. Most people in the UK would be aware of what Coronation chicken is. Yeah. He wasn't so, you know, but with hindsight that, you know, that was his, his, that was his mask slipping again, you know? Right. So you had his name slipped, his American accent would occasionally slip and he didn't know what coronation chicken was. Correct. And the case is cracked with the pro Bon, the case Is cracked. I actually looked up what coronation chicken is, and it's spicy with dried apricots and curry, cumin, turmeric, ginger, and other spices. That sounds kind of good actually. Yes, it does. It and it and it, it, That wasn trivia here for all our listeners who saw the episode ki where was the other chicken mentioned?


Quick think about it. Think about it. Champagne chicken. Champagne chicken. Miranda served it to Jane McSorley. The reporter. The reporter. Yeah. The, the champagne chicken. So there we, there you go. Two chicken references in one Dateline. Before we get to the social media comments and questions, you know, I wanted to point out how, just how strong Mary was, you know, for coming to, to Utah from Ohio to, she was planning to face him and the, we were told he was going to be in court and his name was even on the door in the, you know, the docket listing as in person. And then he, he was unfortunately over video, but, you know, good for Mary for, for coming to face him.


And unfortunately Katherine Heckendorn would've come as well, but she had just given birth to a baby. So I like I know you were impressed Lynn by Mary and, and her, you know, her talking, approaching the prosecutor and saying, I'm here if you need anything, if there's a sentencing phase or anything like that. Yeah. When we were sitting in the courtroom, I saw who the prosecutor was and they were talking to his attorney. And so I pointed him out to Mary. I said, you know, that's the prosecutor there. And within minutes I see her get up, go over, and she introduced herself and, and the prosecutor took her information so that if there's a sentencing, she would have a chance to talk to the judge, which is amazing.


And I also remember when she was doing the interview with you this time, she said he messed with the wrong girl. Yeah. And I thought, yes, he did. I love that. Because so many of the, of his alleged victims, they were too afraid of him. Yeah. And they didn't, they didn't pursue it. But she was, she was not backing down. Well, she Didn't back down. And then, and then of course, that's the whole reason that the, this international manhunt was sparked because she, because of what she did, he had to register as a sex offender. He had to give up his DNA and then the prosecutor in Utah, David Levitt testing the rape kits. There you go. He, there's a hit, there's a hit in Ohio. And that is all because of Mary. Yeah. And That wasn like nine or 10 years later That they Yeah.


And that, that It happened. Right. So, kudos to Mary, kudos to Catherine who survived and is doing great. And also David Levitt, the former prosecutor for wanting to test those rape kits on the, the podcast I do, Dateline True Crime Weekly. The other podcast, we hear about all these untested rape kits all over the country. And it's sad because each one of those kits represents a woman who says that she was sexually assaulted. And why is it not having it's, it's due? Why are, why are we not bringing these attackers to justice? So, you know, it certainly sparked one of the most unusual stories we've ever done. But also, you know, just to, just to talk about untested rape kits.


It is such a big deal in this country. And so hopefully, you know that discussion will continue and more, more departments around the country, we'll, you know, pay more attention to that and take that seriously. If he did in fact commit these rape crimes in Utah, then, you know, sometimes being convicted, you know, for another person's crime can speak for all, you know, if he is, if he is sentenced, sentenced to prison, you know, maybe it's, it's not perfect justice. But we see these in datelines where the victim say, look, I just want him to be behind bars. I just want it so he can't hurt anyone else. And that's what I, I hope you know, if he is convicted of these crimes, that that's what will give her some peace.


All right. Up next, your questions from social media.


Let's talk about a gift that's perfect for any occasion. Edible arrangements, whether you're hosting, sending a thank you gift to celebrating there's an edible for that. Edible is your one-stop shop with chocolate dipped fruit arrangements, decadent new dessert boards, fresh flower bouquets and balloons and more. The best part they deliver next day, same day, even one hour. Just hop on edible.com, pick what you want on an edible handle to rest from fresh baked cookies to classic chocolate covered strawberries, edibles, handmade treats are fresh and delicious and impressive every time. So next time you need a gift or something for your table, check out edible.com or visit your local store. To order, use promo code Dateline 10 to save $10 on your order over $59. Offer ends December 31st, 2024 at 1159 EST. Additional terms and conditions apply. See site for details.


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sports book. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the os Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, good hike. The bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM the sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and game sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem Call one 800 Gambler.


Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. The shop pay feature even boosts conversions up to 50%. So if you're into growing your business, your commerce platform better be ready to sell. Wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling, upgrade your business and get the same checkout top brands like Allbirds. Use Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash podcast free all lowercase, go to Shopify dot com slash podcast, free to upgrade your selling.


Today We are back. And one of the biggest questions from social media was why didn't the Scottish Courts test Nicholas's DNA to confirm his identity? We heard that over and over again. Yes. And in this sentencing, the judge in Scotland, he actually sort of reprimanded the prosecution saying, you know, why was this not, why did they not test his DNA That wasn, you know, That wasn a rhetorical thing. So the prosecutor didn't respond. And we don't know, we don't know what it is. I would imagine based on your interview with with Arthur, is that he was making it so difficult, the whole DNA and and so they figured let's just go with fingerprints and the tattoos.


Yeah, well, but they weren't able to use those until he attacked the doctor. Because that, for that charge, they were able to take, to take all that information and then that's how they presented it Yeah. To the court. Well, Even when we were in Scotland, remember, we, we went to the hearing and, and he was a no-show because he was becoming increasingly difficult to get him out of the cell and like into the transport van or, or whatever to get him to the courthouse. That became a real problem. He's doing That here in the US too. Yeah. He's doing the same thing. And back to the DNA. So when, when Nicholas got back to the us, the prosecutor was finally able to test the DNA and That wasn, in fact, Nicholas, That wasn, That wasn a match, they say, Well they, the investigator testified that they did test his DNA and, and That wasn, in fact, Nicholas Rossi, a verdean, There were a lot of questions about the photo of Nicholas in the hospital while he's in a coma.


Why was he wearing glasses? If he was in a coma? Wow. Good. I didn't even notice that. Actually. I don't think, I don't think he's in a coma at that moment. Okay. I think he's in, he's in dire straits, but I think he's out of the coma at that point. Okay. Okay. Okay. Sai, professor 23 on Facebook said wife Miranda obstructing justice and harboring a fugitive to name a few. Those are okay. That's, that's this user's allegation. She has not been convicted of a crime or charged with a crime. This user's husband said she's Scotland's problem now. So the question is, will Miranda face any charges? I don't think so. I I mean, they would have to prove that she knew that he was a fugitive, which we don't know that she knows that.


Yeah. So until she says it, I mean, yeah, I think it would be very hard to prosecute her. Plus Skylin, I feel like is just like, Yeah, they're kind done. It's your problem. They're Kind of done with it. But it does actually open up that question of Miranda. You know, we talked about it earlier. Did Miranda, what did she know? Not know as far as Nicholas's other identity. You know, that he's an American, you know, there's a good chance she probably did know if he was, if he was doing this on purpose to save his life as He says that people were after him, he probably would tell his wife. Right. That, or maybe that's what he said. He said, I'm, I'm pretending not that I'm a fugitive from justice, but I'm pretending to be somebody else because there are people who wanna kill me.


So then she would, she'd have no culpability there. Right. And again, we don't, we don't know this. We're speculating. We have absolutely idea, idea. No idea idea. This is just sort of based on covering the story for a long time together, Cynthia Perna Tuin on Facebook said about Nicholas should have used his smarts for good and not the evil he unleashed on everyone. Yeah. I thought That I've I've thought that many times. Yeah. Because he, there was a part of him that wanted to do that. You know, he really did wanna change the law because yeah, when he was in the foster care system, he was in the system where they would put him in a different house every single night. Like how is a child supposed to flourish in a situation like that? And that was one of the things he was trying to change.


Yeah. It's a shame that he couldn't have taken all of his smarts and energy and just kept on that path. But yeah, Absolutely. He was the victim of abuse himself. So That wasn a it That wasn a challenge. It is a challenge. Yeah. So The prosecutor in Utah has offered him a plea deal. He's been given some time to think it over. If he decides to go to trial, there could be two trials. Lynn, do we know the maximum sentence he's facing? It's Five to life. That's what it's Oh, wow. Okay. So if you're Convicted it's five to life. So that every five years you'd have a chance to get out, I guess. Okay. Okay. So this plea deal sounds like a no-brainer unless he wants to roll the dice with a judge or a jury.


Well, we know that he's a very, he has very strong conviction, so he'd have to admit that he raped these two women. Lynn, Thank you so much for this kind of special edition of Talking Dateline. I think That wasn for having me. Yeah, That wasn fun talking with you since we've been on this journey together, this bizarre journey. So look forward to continuing to follow this story in 2025 as we see how it unfolds and you know what happens to Nicholas and getting another interview, Nicholas, I was Thinking the same thing. Another interview. Are you listening? Are you listening? Thank you. That's it for Talking Dateline this week.


Remember, if you have any questions for us about stories or about Dateline, you can reach us 24 7 on social media at Dateline NBC and be sure to check out Josh's new original podcast, deadly Mirage. Episodes one to five are out now, and the final episode will be released Thursday for those who have been waiting to binge the series, Dateline Premium subscribers can listen to all six episodes now ad free. And of course we'll see you Fridays on Dateline on NBC. Thanks for listening.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The Os. Oh or the no, no nos. No. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM The Sports book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly.


See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem Call one 800 Gambler.