
The first ever Kia K four seamlessly combines bowl style and advanced tech with striking star map, LED headlights and an available panoramic display. The Kia K four delivers design and function. The available surround view and blind spot view monitors can help provide added confidence. Plus serious XM. Comes standard. Bringing you closer to what you love. The Kia K four balances, aesthetics and innovation. Learn more at kia.com/k four. Surround view and blind spot view. Monitors may not detect all objects around or behind the vehicle.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right, not just the highs. Woo. The O's. Oh. Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, be Hike. The bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See BET mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem Call one 800 Gambler.


Hi everybody, it's Josh Menowitz and we are Talking Dateline Today with Andrea Canning. Hi Andrea. Hi. Hi. So this episode is called The Killer Among Them. It's from 1996, an Atlanta millionaire Lance Herndon was found bludgeoned to death in his home, and detectives dug into his life. It turned out one of the people closest to him was his killer, and that person had actually been at his big glamorous birthday party in Atlanta just a little while before he was killed. So if you have not listened to this episode yet, it is the episode right below this one on the list of podcasts that you just chose from. So go there, listen to it, or if you wanna watch it, you can stream it on Peacock or watch it on your DVR and then come back here.


Now, when you come back, Andrea has an extra clip that she wants to play for us from the Killer's Police interrogation. And also later we're gonna answer some of your questions about the episode from social media. And now let's talk Dateline. So you say Killer among us in the episode. Is this one of those rare instances in which the title is actually your title? So I did not come up with this title, but I actually, I watched the show Friday, like everyone else at Home I mean I'd seen it before that. But I did notice that, and I had the same question. Did the title come from this? So I actually just texted Susan Nall, who comes up with a lot of our titles, and I'm waiting to hear back from her.


Maybe you're like the muse. I like that. So I loved the using of the clouds and the weather to sort of set the scene at the top. And then it ends with the candles being blown out, which suddenly looks very ominous, which is normally a very happy thing. I thought that was great and the whole idea that like he'd just celebrated this birthday with this sort of star studded party and now he's dead. And also the, the fact that the killer was at that party. Yeah. I mean it really reads like a mystery novel when you, when you set it up that way, almost like an Agatha Christie and our crew, JP Julie Issa, they actually went to Party City and bought this party stuff so they could shoot it at the top of a hotel And rented the same room.


Right? Yeah. We just clearly, we wanted it to be authentic to really kind of go back to that place. And they did a really good job, I thought. Yeah. I I love how that draws you into the, the, the mystery that follows. One of the things that sort of jumped out at me in this episode was sort of how weird the crime scene was. Yes. Like putting the girlfriend's picture face down the side of the bed that says to me, I didn't wanna see that woman. Right. Stopping the clocks, which I guess so maybe was to prevent the alarm from going off and somebody finding the body sooner. That's what I was thinking about the clocks. Yeah. The crime scene though, I kept calling it like a game of clue.


Right. That wasn, there was so many clues. The wrench and the, the clocks as you mentioned, and the photo turned down and the shower and The gum wrappers, The gum wraps the gum wrappers. I mean That wasn like the wrench in the library with the Mr. Plum. I, I felt like there were so many clues, The, the gum wrappers that were found on the ground. I think the, the first law enforcement theory was that this person standing outside the house watching him chewing gum, throwing the wrappers on the ground. I called it the smoking gum. Right. Which I thought, But it did, it didn't make the show. I know it. But, but, but I, I I do love that I'm applauding here. Yeah. So I, I used to live in Atlanta before this happened.


I lived there about 40 years ago. It's one of my favorites. And yeah, I like it too. I, I called a friend of mine who lives there and asked if she knew Lance because they sort of ran in the same circles back then. And she said, it, it, she's, she hadn't even seen the episode when I talked with her and she was like, oh yeah, I remember that story. I remember he died and he was a huge womanizer. That was like the first thing that came out of it. And she hadn't even seen your story. Yeah. Every dateline is a mystery, but this one really felt like so many suspects. It definitely did because of his sort of crazy social life in which there were all these women who, many of whom had a sort of a quite legitimate reason to feel bruised by him and angry at him.


On the other side, though, people really loved Lance too. He had some really good friends and they said that he was so welcoming to people to Atlanta and he took care of people. And so this is not a guy who's all bad here. Josh I mean he clearly had issues with women by nature of being with that many women. You know, maybe you're not treating them that well, but you know, it's a two-way street sometimes. Dion was married too. Right. So what's she doing? Like she's having an affair on her husband. I think it's a little bit of a two-way street as well in some, in some situations. I, I I will say that one of the great sort of redeeming things about this story is how well Harrison turned out.


Oh yeah. Because he seems to be like, he seems to be like living the life that his dad probably would've wanted for him. Yeah. Harrison is a sweetheart. I mean he has such a big personality. That's what I loved about him. Like right from the get go from the moment I met him. He's one of those people you immediately feel at ease with. He just has a very bubbly personality and he's really frank about it. And something I thought was interesting was, and I don't know if you noticed in the show, he, he calls his dad Lance. Yeah, I saw that. I noticed That instead of dad when I asked him, why don't you call him dad? And he said he was raised by his stepdad, who he thinks of as a dad. And that Lance his father, is this larger than life character to him and is so much grander.


Remember Harrison was so little when his dad died. And so how he speaks about Lance and how he's shaped his life, even not being here the way he lives his, his professional life and going after his dreams. So I thought that was really nice that he still carries him with him in that way. When we come back, we have an extra clip from Dionne B'S police interrogation, which is one of the more fun police interrogations I've ever watched.


The first ever Kia K four seamlessly combines bowl style and advanced tech with striking star map, LED headlights and an available panoramic display. The Kia K four delivers design and function. The available surround view and blind spot view monitors can help provide added confidence. Plus SiriusXM comes standard, bringing you closer to what you love. The Kia K four balances, aesthetics and innovation. Learn more at kia.com/k four surround view and blind spot view. Monitors may not detect all objects around or behind the vehicle.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The os. Oh. Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team height, the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the Sportsbook born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and game sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem Call one 800 gambler.


Why get all your holiday decorations delivered through Instacart? Because maybe you only bought two wreaths but have 12 windows. Or maybe your toddler got very eager with the advent calendar, or maybe the inflatable snowman didn't make it through the snowstorm. Or maybe the twinkle lights aren't twinkling. Whatever the reason this season, Instacart's here for hosts in their whole holiday hall. Get decorations from the Home Depot CVS and more through Instacart and enjoy free delivery on your first three orders. Service fees and terms apply.


So let's talk some more about Dionne I mean, it feels like everybody in the episode at one time or another had had warned Lance about her. Like, why are you doing this? This is nuts. She's young and she's, you know, she's clearly swayed by the fact that I'm getting her a Mercedes and I'm showering her with money. Yeah. I mean, you have to wonder how genuine is that relationship if it seems like it's based on monetary things. She's got this letter with her that I guess she thought is gonna get her that car. That was weird. And in fact that was just weird. In fact, it's like wearing a sandwich board that says I did it.


It's, you know, just, Just odd. Like, who does that? And why would anyone believe that? Yeah. What, what are you doing? You sort of wanna say to Dion, you were already stalking him. Police already knew that. He already knew that. Like, come on, Obviously. Yeah. She's gonna be on their radar after that. I mean he's found bludgeon to death in his bed. And everyone says how jealous this woman is. So A at some point, Dion is in there for the police interrogation in which I'm gonna say does not realize that she is, that the persona she is showing the cops is more important than the things that are coming out of her mouth because she's telling a story which later gets picked apart.


But sort of way she talks about Lance and about money and about what she's owed and who she is. That sort of tells you more about Dion than any single thing she says. Yeah. And also her smiling and Yeah. You know, oh, is this gonna be on camera? Who talks like that in a police interview room? And also your boyfriend was just mur or bludgeon to death. Like who? Yeah. It's just bizarre behavior all around. Everything was bizarre about I about her. I don't know. This Feels like a good time to listen to some extra sound that did not make the episode.


So let's listen to that. This is, is Dionne talking about how she felt fearful after Lance's death? There's a part of me, I'm so glad I met him because he was so excited and he exposed me to a lot of things. Yeah. But after all this, it's like there's a part of me that just wish I, I never knew him. Yeah. Now that all this was happening, you know, I can understand That. And, and now I'm having to look over my shoulder. You know, I won't go to my house in the nighttime because I'm just so afraid. I don't know who's watching me. You don't know what's gonna, I, I don't know what's gonna happen. It is scary. Scary. And I don't know if people knew that we were seeing each other. I don't know how many people's cells together. Right. You know, he just, You have no idea.


You know, the interesting thing there is that she's clearly lying. Now we know that, you know, I was afraid. I the cops are playing along earlier in that same interrogation. They're lying about the video cameras and she's playing along. It's a nice little dance that's going on there. Yeah. In that little tiny room. That's true. I got the impression that she just thought she was smarter or that they would just be like, believe whatever she was selling. How Many times on Dateline have we seen that people who sit down in that room and think I'm smarter than these guys who are interrogating me and they're not. Right. You know, she lies on the stand in her divorce trial or she tells the truth on the stand in the divorce trial, which means she's lying to the cops. Yeah. But she can't get her story straight.


And it clearly didn't occur to her that cops are gonna be watching both of those things. That was a Big oopsie. Yeah. I loved the the prosecutor go to the divorce hearing. I thought That was great. Oh, I know, right. Clint shows up like a fly on the wall in the back and she has no idea. Clint Rucker, when he was a, when he was a prosecutor, he was the prosecutor in the Tex MacGyver case, which we covered here on Dateline. Hmm. And he did a thing which I, in, in that case, which I think he did in other cases, which is when he's giving, I, I can't remember whether it's his opening or his summation at the end, he had a jar of muddy water, but he, he shakes it up like a mason jar full of water and dirt.


And so it's all muddy and he puts it down on the edge of the juror box and He says, this is cloudy. By the time I get through with my argument and take my seat, this jar is gonna be clear and it's gonna be clear, just like each and every one of your minds will be clear about the guilt of this defendant. And then, and then he lays out his case and that takes an hour or something. 'cause it's a long opening or a long summation. By the end, the silt has settled and you can see through the water. It's a good prop. I love it. Well, He had a, I don't know if he did it in your trial or not. He had a prop in this one too. He had the wrench, they bought it Home Depot because they never found the murder weapon.


And Tommy, the former patrol officer, thinks the wrench is at the bottom of the Chattahoochee River. So Tommy was a good interview. I liked him. And you know what, he was so great for this story being so old and that he wasn't one of the detectives on the case. Right. But he knew the case so well even being a patrolman That wasn also great that you saw him young and then you saw him later too. Yeah, I love that. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. And that he had that connection showing up. When Dion, when He says that he can see Dion's leg, well he doesn't know it's Dionne, but he sees a leg right in the car, and he is like, what the heck? And then it's Dionne and he gets her outta the car. And then he said, she just went like nuts. She's, you know, she's Kicking the cage fighting.


She's, yeah. Yes. So she's convicted at the first trial. Couple of years later, her conviction is overturned on appeal. She's retried this time that does not go to verdict. And they offer her manslaughter and she takes it and she does 10 years. And Dion is out now walking around. Yeah. Any idea what she's been up to? No. We, we were not able to find her. I thought maybe she'd gone back to Jamaica, you know, but no idea. Okay. After the break, we will be back to answer some of your questions from social media.


The first ever Kia K four seamlessly combines bowl style and advanced tech with striking star map, LED headlights and an available panoramic display. The Kia K four delivers design and function. The available surround view and blind spot view monitors can help provide added confidence. Plus SiriusXM comes standard, bringing you closer to what you love. The Kia K four balances, aesthetics and innovation. Learn more at kia.com/k four Surround view and blind spot view monitors may not detect all objects around or behind the vehicle.


Target Black Friday deals are here. Get up to 50% off tech video games, toys, small appliances, holiday trees, and more. Plus, save on the essentials to get your house ready for the season. Save more on gifts with Black Friday deals. Happier holidays from target restrictions apply.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The os Oh. Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, be Hike. The bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV. Be MGM and game Sense. Remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem Call one 800 gambler.


So for the first time, I'm Talking Dateline. We have some audio questions from social media from our viewers, which is a new thing that we're doing. So let's listen to those. So from Instagram, Ashley Lennington. Hi. I was just listening to Deadly Dance and a silly question popped up for Andrea. How does it feel when you are on the plane watching an episode of Dateline that you are featured on? Are you embarrassed if somebody sees you watching Dateline when you're on it? Or how does that make you feel? I have not had the experience of seeing myself on an airplane.


The the timing was perfect. I was coming home from Salt Lake City last week and boom, there, That wasn my, this, this Dateline aired on the plane on NBC. And yes, there I was watching it and I wasn't embarrassed because I don't think anyone knew or was like really paying attention to me or what I was watching. So nobody's pointing at the screen and they're like, is that you? I don't Think so. Yeah, but I gotta be honest, I really wanted to say to the guy next to me, that's me, that's my show, but would never do that. So, but thank you Ashley. Good question. I like it, Ashley. Yeah. And now next from me to Sampa, Has there ever been a new story from the past?


It doesn't matter what the timeline is, but from the past that you wish Dateline had covered and there wasn't an opportunity to do so? Yeah, I can answer that question, which is that sometimes there are stories that we wanna do and the people in them that we need to interview them, they want to get paid. That's happened to me once or twice. They want some kind of monetary compensation and we do not pay people because one that changes the story, we're not in that business. Right. And you can't, you know, when you pay people, you're sort of saying to them, we expect a great story out of you. And it sort of encourages them to, you know, kind of soup up their account.


So yeah. We don't pay people. Right? Yeah. Then the whole story falls apart. All right, let's go to more social media. Joanna F 3 18 9 4 7 0 5, which is a very catchy social media handle, Joanna. Oh My gosh. I I will never forget that handle. Yeah. For as long as I left, man, I wa I wanted to get that, but apparently Yeah, That wasn Taken That wasn taken. Yeah, that's the first one I went after. We Love you Joanna. She's referring to Lance's phone call telling his friend to take care of herself right before he was killed. And she says, that sounds like a goodbye call. Like he knew That wasn coming. I don't think he knew That wasn coming, but Yeah. No, but the, but his friends sure thought That wasn odd.


I think in fact he wasn't suspicious enough. Yeah. 'cause he shouldn't have let that woman into his house. Yeah. But she'll never forget that call. And she did think it wasn't, it did, it wasn't like him to call out of the blue and talk like that. Next Southern Beach girl says, if you have to designate girlfriends as primary and secondaries, I don't want to be on the list. Yeah, I Would agree. I agree. I agree with you. Southern Beach girl. Absolutely. Yep. Mike H 1990 says how horrible for Tarana because she tried to warn him as best she could. And she did. She did. She did I mean that's, yeah, she I mean I thought of all the people in this that were actually involved in it. I'm not counting the son because he was a baby at the time, but I mean, I mean she was, you know, she was on the side of the angels.


She loved him, she cared about him, she worked for him. She was trying to sort of keep him on the right path. And what a, what a great interview too. I'll say about Alana, I I really enjoyed meeting her. Yeah. Really like her as a person. She was such a great ad to the show. Free Kev 22 or Freak EV 22. No way to know. Says he leased a married woman a Mercedes. How on earth did her husband not know? Right. That's a good question. I presume at some point Dion's husband had to cross police radar. Right. I mean that's, yeah. That's the kind of thing that makes you want to kill somebody, is you find out that somebody's not only seeing your wife but at lease their car.


Right. Oh, by the way, Susan Nall responded about that question that we had remember about, about The name, about the killer among us. Yeah. The killer among us. Susan Nall says, who writes our titles a lot of the time, She said She did come up with the name based on my question, the killer among us Wow. In the show. So I was her muse. There you go. Okay. There's your update And you're also mine. Aw, my, you should put that on your business card. My, That's the nicest thing you've ever said to me, Josh. Aw. Aw. That is Talking Dateline for this week. Before we go, you have a new podcast called Deadly Mirage. Yes. Tell us about it. Yes.


This is a story from here in California from about 10 years ago. There was a whole other life that went on involving open marriage and involving what people would call wife swapping. My wife and I, and Rob and Sabrina would engage in sexual activities if That's what a couple agrees with in their marriage and that's their business. And then there was also infidelity that in this case was not sanctioned and then there was a murder that came from that. And it is one hell of a story. And one of the amazing things which made a lot of people crazy was the idea that that religion was used as sort of a way to not only justify the murder but also cover it up, look Forward to it.


And that's called Deadly Mirage. And it would, Deadly Mirage be available very shortly. Awesome. Thanks Josh. This has been fun as always, Andrea. Thank you. And thanks to everyone for listening to us. Remember, if you have any questions for us about our stories or any cases that you think we should cover, you can reach out to us on social at at Dateline NBC or send us an audio message for a chance to be featured in our next Talking Dateline episode. Also, don't forget to listen to my all new podcast, which is called Deadly Mirage. And you can start getting episodes for free beginning next Tuesday, December 3rd. Or you can subscribe to Dateline Premium and start listening now ad free wherever you get your podcasts.


See you Fridays on Dateline on NBC, The first ever Kia K four seamlessly combines bowl style and advanced tech with striking star map, LED headlights and an available panoramic display. The Kia K four delivers design and function. The available surround view and blind spot view monitors can help provide added confidence. Plus SiriusXM comes standard bringing you closer to what you love. The Kia K four balances, aesthetics and innovation.


Learn more at kia.com/k four surround view and blind spot view. Monitors may not detect all objects around or behind the vehicle.