
As a parent, you want what's best for your teen. You want them to grow and thrive in this world, but you also wanna make sure they're staying safe. That's why Instagram is introducing teen accounts with automatic protections for who can contact teens and the content. They can see Instagram teen accounts built in limits for teens and peace of mind for parents. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts.


We all have our own behind the wheel persona. Are you a Windows down sing along to your favorite song seat, lean back kind of driver, or perhaps an AC blasting podcast on hugging the wheel kind of driver. However you move through life. Atlantic Union Bank is on board 'cause we agree things should be done your way, especially banking work with someone you trust who's there when you need them for all the ways you bank, call, schedule a video appointment or make a pit stop at an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more. Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


Hi everybody, I'm Josh Minowitz and we are Talking. Dateline today with Andrea. Hi Andrea. Hi Josh. This episode of yours is called The Room Downstairs. And if you in the audience have not listened to it, it's the episode right below this one on your Dateline Podcast feed. So go there and listen now for this Talking Dateline. Andrea has two extra interview clips that did not make it into the broadcast. So to recap, this was March, 2011 in suburban New Jersey just across the George Washington Bridge from Manhattan and New York City. A house was engulfed in flames, firefighters found a body in a basement bedroom, belonged to a 59-year-old guy named Robert Canter.


And police did have a feeling that That wasn more than a standard house fire. Turned out they were right because he had been shot in the head and that the fire was a kind of a coverup. So this case sort of takes us to the oldest motive in the book, which is jealousy, passion, revenge, and a love triangle, a familiar shape to anybody who watches Dateline. That went very, very wrong. So let's talk Dateline. You know everything about this from the beginning, from when you first, you know, the, the guy first sees the smoke coming from across the street, the guy who's fixing his tire, like you immediately think, yeah, there's gonna be more to it than just somebody dies in a fire.


And I thought That wasn very interesting what the fire investigators said, that when you see a healthy person, not somebody who's, you know, confined to their bed or something, a guy who's 59 years old, they don't stay in the bed, they're trying to get out, you find them near the door, or they're clearly trying to get out of the place where the fire is happening. And that, that didn't happen in this case and that was in itself suspicious. It sure didn't. And of course, Rob had been shot. So, you know, once they got a closer look at the body, this was not a death by fire, not a death by burning or smoke inhalation or anything like that, That wasn cold-blooded murder. This reminds me of, of Dawn Hackney, the woman who was killed in Bremerton, Washington in a, in a podcast I did called Mortal Sin, in which That wasn thought that she died in a fire.


It turned out that that, that her husband had strangled her before the, the, the fire began. So, you know, there were two other kind of similar murders, arsons in that Teaneck New Jersey area. I know It's strange Right around the time of Rob's death. And so police clearly were at, at least wondering whether this had to do with, with one of those. It certainly does leap out at you from the beginning. What do you think you think Tony Tongue knew about those? Oh, that's a good question. I never thought of It's possible that he, you know, did it that way because he had researched crime in the area.


I mean Oh, that's that's a good observation, Josh. I mean, they'd been in the paper like, you know, you could have Yeah. You could've seen it And they were so eerily similar. Right. You know, I, I I don't know. I I have to believe that in this case, Tony to was the main suspect sorter from the get-go. I mean, Rob had to tell people, you know, I'm having an affair with this woman, Sophie, and by the way, her husband was not happy. Like, that's not the kind of thing you keep to yourself. Yeah, I mean, the, the hardest part was proving it, you know, they suspected him very quickly, but they had all this circumstantial evidence and they, they had a hard time proving that he, he went over to New New Jersey right.


From Manhattan that night. That was, that was the hard part. But like, things like him wiping his hard drive, I mean, it looks really bad, you know, but like, where's the proof that he went over the bridge? This was in 2011. This was sort of when there were cameras in some places, but not every place, like sort of one, one imagines that if that murder were committed today, there would be video and there would be Oh yeah, there'd be a way to place Tony absolutely. At the scene more accurately. I mean, New York City now has must have a camera, multiple cameras, it seems on every, every corner. Like, and, and then that's not even including the business. I'm talking city cameras and then there's the businesses, and then there's cars with cameras.


Now the license plate readers, you know, that they have now on taxi cabs, right. And garbage trucks that are hired by insurance companies and law enforcement. And I mean, there's so many ways to catch people now on camera doing something they shouldn't be doing or, or at least providing a piece of the puzzle to a crime. The, the prosecutor was pretty clear with you. I thought that he believed that somebody else had helped Tony Tung get from Manhattan to New Jersey to cover his tracks. That it wasn't just, you know, he took a cab and the cab driver didn't realize, you know, who he was taking or why he was taking it and didn't remember it later. Like, he makes it sound like it's an actual co-conspirator and nobody ever got arrested for that. Yeah.


I mean, the feeling you get is that whoever that was, if that person does exist, they're getting away with it. Yeah. There was, there was some talk of, and this is all alleged, that some people in Tony's world that he may have had some connections to a gang, some bad people. Tony Tongue has denied any allegations that he's somehow connected to gang violence and, you know, has maintained his innocence throughout this. It just was very circumstantial, as I said. You know, there, there was no smoking gun, there was no, like, we caught him buying the murder weapon that matched the bullet. Like nothing was concrete.


But as we know, you don't need the smoking gun to put someone away from murder. It's all those little pieces that add up for a jury. You know, I mean, I've, I've said this in the past, but there's this sense that, you know, out there in the public that's, as you know, that like, like circumstantial evidence sort of is lesser, that it doesn't count as much. I mean, here's the thing about circumstantial evidence. It doesn't lie. Like he did erase his hard drive at that time, that night. He, you know, circumstantial evidence can't be accused of forgetting to put on its eyeglasses, circumstantial evidence can't be accused of being angry at the defendant. And s slanting its testimony for that reason.


Circumstantial evidence is whatever it is, you know, you, there's no other way to interpret that. So sometimes, I mean, look, circumstantial evidence is much better than, than direct evidence. It is. And, and I mean, if all you had was the, that he erased his hard drive, that's it. Right? Okay, well that's not a great circumstantial case, but no, when you start adding up all the pieces of circumstantial evidence, it gets to the point where, okay, who else would it Be? Well, you know, he, his his, he leaves the apartment at, you know, at different times than He says. His timeline does not match up. Rob's wife who ha got some insurance money as a result of this, you know, she would be, someone police would look at, she clearly was not involved.


You know, those kind of things also sort of end up pointing law enforcement more and more and more toward Tony, who's a natural suspect. He's the husband whose wife is cheating on him with the person that ended up Killed. He was angry, ended up getting Killed. He was angry. Yeah. He was angry. He didn't want his wife seeing this man, and he didn't want his daughters being around the man. And what was so interesting about Tony was he was sort of portrayed as this like, you know, the great dad who like made the lunches and went to the school meetings and all that, but he had an evil streak in him. Okay. When we come back, Andrea has a behind the scenes story about her interview with Tony t


As a parent, you want what's best for your teen. You want them to grow and thrive in this world, but you also wanna make sure they're staying safe. That's why Instagram is introducing teen accounts with automatic protections for who can contact teens and the content. They can see Instagram teen accounts, builtin limits for teens and peace of mind for parents. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts.


We all have our own behind the wheel persona. Are you a Windows down sing along to your favorite song seat, lean back kind of driver, or perhaps an AC blasting podcast on hugging the wheel kind of driver. However you move through life. Atlantic Union Bank is on board because we agree things should be done your way, especially banking work with someone you trust who's there when you need them for all the ways you bank, call schedule a video appointment or make a pit stop at an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more. Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank,


There are some football feelings you can only get with bed. MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs Woo the Os Oh, or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team shit, hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet MGM in game sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements, gambling problem Call one 800 Gambler.


Let me ask you a couple things about Tony Tongue, because when I see him in the interview and he's wearing that atrocious sweater, right, okay. I, you know, which is clearly not prison wear, I think to myself, oh, okay. He's either not the guy or he was acquitted. Now for those of you who are listening who have not seen the episode, we've included a link to a photo from that interview in the episode description. Take a look. So it's, it's so that jail was like so hot in there and That wasn actually the producer who brought that sweater to the jail.


And then I got there and the AP was there, Brittany, and she had told the producer I could run over to Macy's and grab like a polo shirt or something. He's like, no, no, this is good, this is good. And Tony Tongue is like, wanted to wear it, you know, that was his choice. And actually this producer that was his own sweater. This was Tim Chu, If you can't believe that. Well, I wasn't gonna name him Josh because Oh, I don't, I I'm absolutely gonna name him. I Didn't know if he'd really, okay. Okay. That wasn his, That wasn his sweater, That sweater is hideous. That wasn a Himalayan sweater That wasn scratchy. Right, right. And to Tony Tongue is like sweating, which, you know, when you're trying to defend yourself for murder, I guess you don't wanna look like you're sweating during the interview.


I noticed that. And the other, and then I thought to myself was that this is so crazy, this sweater that people are gonna think that he's not in jail. 'cause who the heck would wear that sweater? I, I'm surprised there's not a, like a jail rule. No itchy green Himalayan sweaters. Well, I'm pretty sure there is now. Well, anyway, the, the sweater has lived on Yes. And the sweater almost is another character in the show. Well, It is. And I totally bought it. I thought, well, either he beat the charges or he's not gonna get charged and I'm wrong about him. So this case took a while. I mean, he was arrested like 14 months after the murder. Yeah. Because they didn't have, you know, That wasn such a fact finding, right.


Gathering and there's so many cases where it's not perfect, but it's kind of one of those now or never. Right. Right, right. Like, let's go for it, you know? And that's, and honestly sometimes that all, that's all it is, is we're not gonna get any better. We're not Right. We don't feel like we're gonna barring a witness coming forward or a confession. We're we're just not gonna find anything else at this point. So let's just do it. Clearly some people were not expecting a guilty verdict because this was not some like overwhelming slam dunk case And the jury was out for a while. Yeah. So they were clearly, they were struggling to reach a verdict Three days, which is a long time. Yeah. And then his conviction is overturned.


You know, there's this belief that when that verdict is entered and the, the jury comes back like, well that's it, you know, there's not gonna be any more here. And then turns out a couple years later you're back to square one essentially. Yeah. And, but it didn't work for him. Guilty again. What do you think made the difference between the first trial and the second trial? Because the first trial, they, the jury was out for a long time. I think sort of a lot of people expected a mistrial. The second one, you know, That wasn the jury was only out for a couple of hours. I mean, I mean, who knows if That wasn the defense attorney or, you know, it's like with jurors, it's like a box of chocolates, right? You never know what you're gonna get. I mean, it's all walks of life. It's like a game of roulette.


After the break, Andrea's gonna share two podcast exclusive clips that did not make it into the broadcast. One was Rob's best friend and the other from Rob's Killer. As a parent, you want what's best for your teen. You want them to grow and thrive in this world, but you also wanna make sure they're staying safe. That's why Instagram is introducing teen accounts with automatic protections for who can contact teens and the content. They can see Instagram teen accounts built in limits for teens and peace of mind for parents. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts.


We all have our own behind the wheel persona. Are you a Windows down sing along to your favorite song seat, lean back kind of driver, or perhaps an AC blasting podcast on hugging the wheel kind of driver. However you move through life. Atlantic Union Bank is on board. 'cause we agree things should be done your way. Especially banking work with someone you trust who's there when you need them for all the ways you bank. Call schedule a video appointment or make a pit stop at an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more. Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank, There are some football feelings you can only get with bed. MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs Woo. The Os. Oh, or the no, no nos no.


It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus be. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team shit hype. The bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements, gambling problem Call one 800 Gambler.


I'm guessing you guys tried very hard to get Sophie to talk and she didn't want to, but you got Rob's sister. She was great. She Was fantastic. Yeah. We were so grateful that his sister spoke to us and she was so lovely and she, she spoke about this wonderful relationship that she had with her brother and, you know, I was just happy. Finally, somebody was talking about Rob, you know, other, and yes, his friend spoke to us who was wonderful mead, but That wasn so wonderful to have a family member saying such nice things about Rob and, you know, really stand up for her brother and let us know what he was all about. Yeah. I thought your interview with Mayor dod was just so adorable.


I mean, he seems like a great guy and the, the, the, the closeness that he felt with Rob and clearly still feels all these years later is, is very obvious. I mean, that's a, he really loved his friend. Like, and they loved each other. They had these silly nickname for each other and they were wanting together, they they were so funny. Yeah. You know, and, And mayor dod was the perfect person to talk about Rob and to bring Rob to life for us. So here's a clip of that. Did not make the broadcast from your interview with me. Do I truly believe if he were alive today and this heinous man was in prison, he said, Murdoch, maybe we should buy some cookies and go see him.


When the first time this whole thing happened, he went to his house and he called me the, they said, ak, I'm running late. He came to see me. I said, who's he? He kept saying he, I said, who? He said, Tony, I couldn't connect the dots. Then I realized he said, I'll see you in a few minutes. So he showed up at work. You looked disheveled. I made the coffee. We sat down. He explained to me. I told him, how did you let him in? It's a bizarre behavior. You mean just showing up like that? You thought that was Bizarre. I as to knock at somebody's door. How did he find the house? Right. I mean, it's not that Roberto was a famous person. He is. Right. He was a celebrity or, And Tony came back more times A second time he let him in again.


He said, oh, I feel sorry for him. I mean, if I'm in that situation, I'm not letting that guy in my house. I know why he is there. I know he's, he's, he's tick ticked off at me. I'm gonna be like, Hey look, you should probably talk to your wife about this. Like, this is not, this is between the two of you. This is not about you and me. You know? But I would not be like, Hey, come on in. Let's have coffee. Let's be butts. You Know? That's a really good point. That was Rob that Yeah, yeah, That wasn Rob. Right? That he, he wanted to diffuse things. He, he wanted to, you know, give this man what he needed, you know, as far as like understanding what was happening in the relationship. And I mean, that was very nice of him to, to say, you know what, let's talk it out.


And you, you know, everyone, you, you have friends that you're so frustrated because you're like, you can see from the outside don't do that. Like don't, don't let 'em in. Or if someone's dating someone that you don't think is the right person or that's not a good person and that person can't see that maybe's or, or It's somebody's wearing an incredibly garish sweater That's sweaters. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Now we have a, a different piece of sound about the same thing. This is Tony Tongue telling you about those visits to Rob. Let's listen to that. You decide to go pay this Rob Cantor a visit.


Yes. That's a bold move. Take us to, to what happened. I introduced myself. I say, I say, you know, my name's Tony. I'm Sophie's husband. Can I come in and talk to you? He was like, okay. Yeah, sure. So I walked in. He just invited you in. He has to stay a little bit, but you know, he invited me in. Are you there to tell him to stop seeing Sophie? That's the end. I'd like to find out what's going on first, What did you gain from this visit? No, I was, I was, what I gained from this visit, I gained the knowledge of who this person is and how this person's going to behave later on.


He's not a bad guy. Did you tell Sophie that you had gone to see him? No, he did. And how did she react to that? Of Course she yelling and I, I tell her, you know how I tell her the same thing I'm telling you right now. I I I don't know how you can not see this love triangle, you know, from Sophie's point of view, for example, or Rob's and not think to yourself, this is gonna head in a direction. I don't want it to head in. Like they, they did not seem to see that. Rob seemed to think, no, no, I'll, I'll win this guy over the way. I win everybody over. And Sophie did not seem to perceive the, the danger.


Yeah. That, I mean, her, your husband has found out about the affair. He's been cyber stalking you. He read all your emails. He's, he's learned everything about this affair and now he's going to confront the guy you're having the affair with. That's when like alarm bells should be going off. Like, this is the time to start taking this extremely seriously. Right. You know, one of the things that, one of the things me DOD said is, Rob died so Sophie could be free. Mm. That was so Wow. Yeah. I Mean so profound. I mean, Those two loved each other. I think that's true. I know Sophie had finally found her true love, you know, in Rob.


And, and yeah. I mean she, That wasn like Tony had the shackles on her, right? Like he wouldn't let go and he was so angry. And then she finds sweet, calm patient Rob, who's, you know, appears to be her soulmate, but she can't shed Tony. And then, and then Tony ends up killing the her one. True love. It's heartbreaking. And, And in the process ruining everybody's life. Yes. Right? Yes, yes. Absolutely Right. His Rob Sophie's and probably the kids, It's awful. It's the worst. It's the worst. And I wish we never see it, but we see it all the time. That's it for this episode of Talking Dateline.


Thank you Andrea. Before we go, we wanted to tell you about something that we're trying now. You can now send us audio of your questions and so your voice might be featured on an upcoming episode. Make a recording of your message on your phone and send it to us as a direct message on Facebook, Instagram, or x formerly Twitter. And it doesn't have to be about the episode itself and no topic is off limits, although some language is not gonna get you on Talking Dateline. But you can also still reach us the old fashioned way. Now this is the old fashioned way, the OG way on social at, at Dateline NBC.


Also don't forget to listen to my all new podcast, which is called Deadly Mirage. The first two episodes are now available wherever you get your podcasts. Subscribe to Dateline Premium for ad free listening and for early access to episodes. Okay. That's Talking Dateline. Thank you. See you Fridays on Dateline NBC.


We all have our own behind the wheel persona. Are you a Windows down sing along to your favorite song seat, lean back kind of driver, or perhaps an AC blasting podcast on hugging the wheel kind of driver. However you move through life. Atlantic Union Bank is on board. 'cause we agree things should be done your way, especially banking work with someone you trust who's there when you need them for all the ways you bank. Call schedule a video appointment or make a pit stop at an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more. Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.