
Hey everyone, it's Jenna Busch Hager from today with Jenna and Friends, reminding you to check out my podcast open book with Jenna. And this week's episode, I sit down with Aliza Pressman to talk about her five principles of parenting and her tips for raising resilient children. You can listen to the full conversation now by searching open book with Jenna, wherever you get your podcasts.


A true crime story never really ends even when a case is closed. The journey for those left behind is just beginning. Since our Dateline story aired, Tracy has harnessed her outrage into a mission. I had no other option. I had to do something. Catch up with families, friends, and investigators on our bonus series after the verdict. Ordinary people facing extraordinary circumstances with strength and courage, it Does just change your life. But speaking up for these issues helps me keep going. To listen to after the verdict, subscribe to Dateline Premium on Apple Podcast, Spotify, or@datelinepremium.com.


Hi everyone, it's Blaine Alexander, and today we are Talking Dateline. I am so happy to be joined by the one the only, Josh Menowitz. Hi, Josh. Hi. Hello. How you doing? I am great. So we're talking about your episode, The Widow of Woodland Hills. If you haven't seen it, it's the episode right below this one on your Dateline Podcast feed. So go there, listen to it, or stream it on Peacock of course. And then come right back here. Quick recap. When Hollywood hairstylist Fabio Simonelli was stabbed in his own backyard, investigators wondered if That wasn a burglary gone wrong. What they uncovered instead was an affair that turned deadly. For this Talking Dateline, we've got an extra clip from Josh's interview with Fabio's sister and more about how the murder has torn this family apart.


Okay. Let's talk Dateline. Let's talk Dateline. You know, I, I think that this story is kind of what Talking Dateline is made for, because as we sit here recording, it's 3:36 PM Eastern time on a Friday. We just got the verdict two hours, three hours ago, Something like that. Yeah. This Was kind of a, a breaking news bit for us. And it's great when that kind of thing can happen, when we can go in the air at nine o'clock on a Friday night and say, this happened today. That doesn't always happen that way. A lot of times we do stories that, you know, we're, we're adjudicated more than a couple of years before we went on the air, but when we're covering a trial right down to the minute, it's great to be able to say, this is the latest news on this, the actual verdict.


And I think it's a testament to just the, the dexterity of our producing team, of everyone who puts these shows on the air, because I mean, yes. To scramble and, and get that together and fill the holes that need to be filled. Yeah. It it takes a team, it takes an effort. No, no. Our, our, I mean, the, the Chet Naoshi, Jessica DeVera, Michelle Madigan, the producers who worked on this, Alison or the senior producer, like these, the people whose names you don't know at Dateline, the people you don't see on TV are the big stars here. And as a result of the incredible organization of this team, we were completely ready. Well, I love it. It's, it's amazing to see, it's amazing to watch it and, you know, at least from the podcast side, be part of it for today.


So let's jump into this episode, Josh. I think the first thing that If you watch Dateline, you work on Dateline, you always know, okay, they're gonna look at the partner first, right? This one, you had me fooled for a minute because I'm listening to, you know, them talk about the marriage and the things she posted. And I'm like, no, this marriage is, is solid. So I was actually surprised when I heard about the affair. I actually did not see that coming. No, I mean, I think nobody did. You know, I have friends who live in it, lived in that part of Woodland Hills, and they knew the Elli family, not very well, but they knew them. The both my friends described life over there as extremely happy.


That wasn a house that seemed to be full of love, not full of anger, not full of distrust, which is why nobody, certainly nobody at first thought that Monica could have had anything to do with this because she seemed happy. He seemed happy. Nobody detected this. So, I mean, one of the big themes of this, of course, we, we hear about this a lot in Dateline, but betrayal, and I really think that that's a, it seems like that was certainly a running theme of the story, but when you talk about the betrayal of, even if Monica was saying, you know, oh, he worked a lot or he was never home, it didn't seem like Fabio knew that that was an issue with them. I, I wanna talk about Fabio though, because we really get a sense, and this is something we try and do in all of our Dateline episodes, but we really get a sense of who this guy was.


I mean, he seemed like someone who loved his life. I, I was really struck up by the fact that he had just sent this email about this epic 50th birthday trip that he was going to have. And then what was it the next day he was Killed? I mean, you know, I mean, it, it, it, it's, it's, it's a tragedy. I mean, this guy never made it the 50, and he, you know, he, yeah, he got his start cutting hair in the basement. His sister was showing him how, you know, and the next thing you know, he's this big hairdresser, and the next thing you know, after that, he is got this huge job with Wella and he is moving to Los Angeles. And, you know, that is, you know, that's the kinda life people dream of. Sure. And he was living it. He just didn't live it long enough. This seems like a good time to juxtapose Fabio with one Robert Baker, who was Monica's lover.


I mean, you just, you just ran down the man's CV in his life. And I mean, he really was just an impressive kind of larger than life figure. And then you have this man who is a former porn star. He's a convicted sex offender. He wears a pleather jacket that everybody like to talk about. And, and, and one can't help but wonder like, how do you go from married to this guy to a very deep steamy affair with that guy? I, I, we don't know how it started. There's so much yardage between I met this guy at the gym and I'm gonna fool around with him because I'm bored and my husband isn't around two, I I'm in love with that guy. I'm planning a life with him, and I'm gonna have him stab my husband. I mean, it, it, it's incomprehensible.


And here's one more thing that's incomprehensible. This is in some ways a familiar story on Dateline. Someone has an affair and the person they're having the affair with decides I want them for myself, so I'm gonna get rid of the partner. That certainly has happened before on Dateline. Sure. Here's the part that hasn't happened before, or at least hasn't happened in the stories that I've done, is he takes the fall. You know, this guy knows how the criminal justice system operates. He's been in it before. She doesn't, but he goes in and says, I did it. And she didn't have anything to do with it. She didn't even know That wasn being done.


That to me is very unusual. Why he did that. I don't know. I would've loved to have asked him like, what's going on there? Is that love? I mean, what is that? And he even said on the stand, they said, you, you still love her, right? He said, yes. And they said, do you hope that you'll still be together? And he even admitted, no, that's never gonna happen. That's never gonna happen. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Like, knew that. It's not like they were going to go towards some sort of far off happy ending here. No, He pled to the top count. That's it. He's going away. Yeah. Regardless of what happens to her. No. I wanna talk about the affair, but I also wanna talk about how it came to light, the SIS the special investigation section. Did you know about this branch of LAPD? Yeah, it's, it's not spoken of that often, but they are an absolutely an elite unit.


They're part of the robbery homicide division. They've been around for a while, and their specialty is surveilling like robbery crews. People who are, who are, who are, they think are gonna knock over a bank or are gonna, you know, go into somebody's house for a home invasion. And they, they think they know who it is, so they're following them, and then they need to be ready to move and like, go to tactical right away if they see that the crime is going down. You know, sometimes, you know, that ends up in an arrest right there. So this was an unremarkable case for, for SIS because Monica and Bakker were not in the process of committing any additional crimes, and they were also completely oblivious to the fact that they were being followed.


The guy that we interviewed, Rob Burkes, an old friend of mine, I mean, I've known him for a while, and very recently he said to me, you know, what are you working on? And I said, oh, it's the, you know, the Simonelli case out in the valley. He's like, oh yeah, we followed her. Hmm. I'm like, what? Hmm? I said, you didn't tell me that. He's like, I didn't know you were on it. So then very sort of late in the game, I I, I asked him if he would talk about si s's role in, you know, following them and sort of giving the primary investigators sort of the, you know, putting the pieces together so that they could understand Monica and, and, and Baker's relationship.


I mean, that, that, that definitely filled in a lot of blanks for investigators on this. I thought that That wasn one of the more interesting parts of the story, just kind of seeing how they do their job. Yeah. Well, you know, it's one of those assignments that people get within the LAPD and then they never wanna leave. It's very kind of high tension and, and you have access to all this technology that other people don't have access to. I mean, you can do, you know, you can follow people with, you know, drones and trackers and helicopters and all kinds of stuff. Interesting. You know, another thing that we saw in this episode was a lot of just different audio, but the undercover audio when Monica was, was being held with the cellmate, quote unquote, who was actually an undercover officer.


What, what an assignment that is. That's the inside law enforcement that's known as Perkins. That's from a think it's a Supreme Court decision, Perkins versus Illinois, about statements that are made to law enforcement. For example, if you're charged with a crime and you say, I want an attorney, and I'm not talking to the police, and then I'm a cop, and they put a jail uniform on me and shoved me in there and, and say to you, Hey, you know, I just committed murder Blaine, what did you do? And you start talking that frequently will get thrown out because I'm an, I am the police trying to interrogate you, even though you have said, I'm not talking police, I'm not doing, which is your right under the constitution.


So Perkins, the thing they did with, with, with Monica in this case is a way around that. And there are very specific rules for what you can and can't say to the person. So, you know, they, they ran a Perkins operation and it definitely produced some things, although it did not produce the admission that prosecutors were hoping for, which is Monica admitting. Yeah. This was my plan. The only thing that came outta that was she admitted the affair and she gave some sense of how into Baker she was to me. The smoking gun piece of audio in this, it's when Baker and Monica are in the patrol car and they've just been pulled over and arrested when they were out driving in Monica's nice Mustang.


And they put 'em both in the back of a police car and a lot of police cars, a lot of black and whites are, I think, wired for sound and video, but they did get Monica whispering to Bakker, which you saw in our episode. And she says, somebody must have talked. Okay. Innocent people do not say, somebody must have talked. Some people have talked innocent people say, what are we doing here? Why would they think we would've anything to do with this? Right. This is insane. Right, right. Somebody must have talked about what, you know, that's the Yeah. Yes. That, that, to me, that's the smoking gun here. Absolutely is. And, and who did they tell? Yeah, when we get back, Fabio and Monica's daughters chose to stand behind their mother even after she was accused of killing their father.


We've got a clip of what Fabio's sister has to say about that decision. Now they had the final answer. Or did they?


Nothing has more suspense than a Dateline mystery, and no one wants to wait to find out what happens next. That's why everyone needs Dateline Premium, where listening is always ad free. You get the whole story and nothing but the story. Or do you? Yes, actually you do. Subscribe now on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or dateline premium.com.


Hey everybody, I'm Al Roker from The Today Show. Let's kickstart your wellness journey with the all new Start Today app. Everything you need for a healthier you all in one place, fitness challenges for all levels, meal plans that are easy and delicious and so much more. It's built to fit your lifestyle. And our experts will guide you every step of the way. Come on, let's do This. To subscribe, download Star today from the App Store on your Apple device now terms apply, cancel anytime through Apple under profile settings.


Hey guys. Willie Geist here reminding you to check out the Sunday Sit Down podcast. On this week's episode, I get to gather with Saturday Night Live star Bowen Yang to talk about his extraordinary road as the son of Chinese immigrants to SNL and that dream roll in the Wicked movies. You can get our conversation now for free wherever you download your podcasts.


You know, we learned a lot about Fabio from his son Luigi, and obviously that's his son from a previous marriage. I think that's important to point out because you kind of certainly see the different position that Luigi had versus, you know, their two daughters who, who, who shared with, with Monica, His relationship with Monica began as an affair. Fabi was married at the time, right? So she was having an affair with a married guy, which was him. Right? There are people who will say neither one of those people should trust each other because they're willing to have an affair. And if they did it before, they will do it with you. And I don't know that that is necessarily true because sometimes people meet the right person, and they did seem extremely happy together.


But yes, they began as an affair and that's what ended the, the relationship with Luigi's mom. I think it's also worth pointing out, Fabio obviously chose divorce to kind of begin a new life with Monica. And some could say like, she had the blueprint right there, right in, in front of her. I thought that That wasn interesting to dive into why she didn't choose divorce. You and I have had this conversation plenty of times on Talking Dateline that yeah, it may suck. You may be embarrassed, you may, you know, get shunned by your family, but someone doesn't have to die. You don't have to spend the rest of your life in prison. Right? Like, how does that become the top choice? Yeah. I mean, you'll be divorced like so many other people are in this country. And you know, I mean, there should be no stigma about it if relationships are not working murder.


It is a, it is the most astonishingly, foolish, selfish, mistaken way to get out of a marriage. There is, there is no worse way. I felt terribly for their two daughters in all of this. They stood by their mom, maintained that she was, was innocent of this whole thing. One testified for her. I know that you asked Fabio's sister Marella what she thought about the kids supporting their mom. We have a clip of that That wasn devastating. This is Cut you off from your nieces. I know it, I just look forward to the day that we could probably reconcile or be together again.


You know, It, it's not unusual for children to take the side of the surviving parent. 'cause nobody wants to hear or say to themselves, you know, dad killed mom or Mom killed dad. Yeah. But she had an affair. She brought this into the house. And I just feel like the sooner they face reality, the more complete they would be. That's a a a good example of something that we see all the time on date language is that, you know, kids frequently wanna believe that the parent who lived and who is charged did not do it.


And believe me, I get it. My heart just goes out to them, especially the daughter who found her father stabbed to death on the patio, and the jury has decided Monica was responsible. And, you know, and the prosecutor's telling, she essentially orchestrated for her daughter to, to find her father bleeding out and stabbed to Death because she wanted an alibi. It's a Terrible, I mean, for a mother to do that to a child is, is something that's just fully beyond me. This we have talked about, which is you think you're gonna take away the parent of your kids and they're just gonna be fine. Yeah. Like, you'll be, they'll be okay because you're happy. It's nuts. It's just insane. I mean, it's a terrible thing to put your kids through.


And, you know, and in that way, in that sense, Monica and Robert Baker have something else in common, which is they were both willing to expose someone they loved to en mesh them in this plot. Monica, getting her daughter to find Fabio's body and Baker getting his lifelong friend Chris Austin, no criminal record. Somebody who looked at him like an uncle and who trusted him and who clearly did not wanna be involved in this murder plot at the beginning and getting him to do it, making him a murderer. Now he's wrecked his life and his family's life and he's going away too.


I mean, it it is, it is, it is astonishing display of, of selfishness for from and willingness to hurt people close to them for their own means. It's, it's a terrible thing. The level of manipulation Yes. Is, is insane. Let's talk about Chris Austin. I can't remember being as glued to the screen for a portion of a dateline as I was when he was on the stand and describing what happened that day. I'm always stunned by just how almost easily someone can agree to be a henchman, if you will, or a sidekick in a murder. Right. He had no stake in this to do that and to be okay with, with be playing a part in ending a life.


It's just shocking to me. I I completely agree because it's pretty obvious he tried to sort of get out of doing it a couple of times, but when, you know, when the chips were down, baker kind of just, you know, said, we're doing this. And he lacked the strength at that moment to say, you may be doing it, but I'm not. He just didn't have the courage to act on it. Yeah. You just didn't have it. The trial itself was full of a lot of kind of dramatic moments. This trial was long. Two and a half months. Yeah. Why was it so long? This Was very long lot, lot of people and Yeah. And a lot of story to tell. You know, one of the great things about this is that you have the two murderers on the stand each telling different stories.


Bakker saying, I loved her then. I love her now. And I did the murder myself. Austin comes on, and he very sorrowfully. And I thought clearly, honestly told the story of not just what happened, but about how wrenching That wasn for him to have gone through that. The problem was he couldn't testify firsthand to any of Monica's involvement. All of his connection with Monica was through what Baker said about what Monica wanted and what Baker wanted. And so that made these two completely divergent accounts of what happened in that, in, in, in that backyard. So important. And the jury had to sort it out. Hmm. Her reaction to the verdict.


She was emotional. She did seem stunned by it, I would say. Yeah. And Fabio's family seemed relieved to the extent that a guilty verdict can be any kind of relief, because as we said in the story, it doesn't turn the clock back. Yeah. Yeah. Up next, we're taking your questions from social media.


Join me, Jacqueline and Coley on a brand new podcast seen on the screen, presented by Make It Universal and Rotten Tomatoes. Meet the innovative people at NBCUniversal as they share their journeys, inspirations, and the movies that shape them. Each episode is an intimate and fun conversation about the impact of film seen on the screen is available now. You can find it on Apple, Spotify, YouTube, or wherever you find your favorite podcast.


Every morning brings a fresh new energy. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. We get the best start to the day because we start it together. Watch The Today, show weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.


All right. We are back with the one and only Josh Menowitz to talk about our social questions, comments, thoughts from your episode? Yes. We have some good ones. And there were a few, there were a few. So I think something that stood out to a lot of our viewers was the nickname Ravioli. That was a Fabio's childhood nickname. We asked our viewers on Friday night what their nicknames were growing up. So Marie Wilson writes FETs was her nickname because I kept growing so quickly out of my PJs. Cute. JC Delaney wrote beans. I don't know why. Beans. Just beans. Did you have a nickname growing up, Josh? Oh, you know, I mean, the usual Dweeb loser President Truman.


That was a popular one. President Truman. Well, he was president when I was growing up. No, I have, I I do not remember nicknames, but you know, all everybody in my family's known as man, we all are all like, like our whole lives. Like my, my dad was, my grandfather was my brother is, you know. Huh? So Did that get confusing like at family gatherings? If someone just yelled at Mankin? That's why we never had family gatherings. That's, Yeah. Maybe that's why I think mine, I don't know, Blaine, it's, it's not a, it doesn't lend itself to, you know what, when I was running track and cross country in high school, we put nicknames on the back of our shirts and mine was legs with two Gs because I'm very tall and I'm all legs.


So that was, eh, you know, that's good. I take it, it's That wasn earned, right? It beats President Truman. I'll tell that. It, it does. We have an audio question about the daughters from Lori Kiebel Bailey. Let's listen. Did Monica's daughter still support her up until the end of her guilty verdict, even with all the evidence against her? The answer, Lori, and by the way, this continues our tradition of only people with three names being allowed to ask audio questions. The answer, Lori Ke Bailey is, as far as I know, they believed her right up until the end and they believe her today. Whether that changes over time, I don't know, but you know, as we said, I mean it, you know, nobody wants to believe mom killed Dad.


Well, we're going to, our next question continues the trend of three named audio questions. Very, this comes from Jessica McCourt Hughes, who has a question on how we report our cases. Hey, Josh, How hard is it to keep an open mind when reporting on a case where the facts so clearly point to guilt at a suspect? Jessica, thank you. First of all, for nearly every reporter. I know, certainly Blaine included, it's not difficult to to step back and look at any story objectively because there's usually something on both sides that makes you think, you know, the, this could be true, even if there's a mountain of evidence, there's someone on the other side that, that points towards innocence, for example.


There is no piece of audio anywhere in which Monica says, thanks for going along with my plan, or, I'm glad we did this, or, yeah, whatever. So, no, it is not, it, it is not hard to, to keep an open mind. Here's an important question. One more audio question. Let's listen. Hey, Josh, Julie from Raleigh, North Carolina. Great episode on Friday. And I'm sure you're getting a lot of great questions, but I think the important one is about your pocket squares. Are those selected based on your mood or maybe the vibes of the case that you're working? Possibly location inquiring minds. Wanna know? Thanks, Josh. Julie, Julie, first of all, I, I, I need to know what your other two names are, but Well, good question.


As we say in television, when we don't quite know how to respond, I have a lot of pocket squares. I've been wearing them for about 40 years. I started in the early eighties, and they are kind of based on my mood at, at, at the moment. I should, I should have some line say that it's, it's like some kind of code as to like where I am in the country at the time, or, you know. Right. But it's not true. It's sort of, you know what I think, you know, sometimes I find one, I think like, oh, I haven't worn that in a while, then I want to get that one on the air. But a lot of times it has to do with sort of what shirt and tie I am wearing because you don't want to go, you want to compliment those.


Not be completely crazy. You cant clash. Yeah. I, I wish I could say that there's rhyme or reason to my pocket squares, but there isn't. If You had to give a number real quickly, how many pocket squares would you say you have? 250. Wow. Yeah. I know. It's crazy. We have a couple of questions about the sentences that everyone received. Cindy Wilson Shepherd is asking, but what sentence did the two guys get for killing him? Chris Austin got a deal. He hasn't been sentenced yet. His sentencing comes later in April, but he's looking at something around 16 years. Sure. Robert Baker pleaded to the top count. He's, he's life without parole.


He's Going away. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And then last question from K Star Maddox. What's Monica's sentence? Never heard. What That wasn It's, we don't know, it's, it's, her sentencing is not until June, but she's looking at the same numbers as Robert Baker. I mean, she was found guilty on everything. She's also looking at life without the possibility of parole. Mm Goodness. Alright. A lot of great comments, a lot of great questions. A fantastic deviation on your pocket squares. This was a good one, Josh. Thank you. Thank you. And that's it for Talking Dateline this week. Remember, if you have any questions for us about stories or about Dateline, you can always reach us 24 7 on social media at Dateline NBC.


And if you have a question for Talking Dateline, you can leave it for us on our social media or in a voicemail. That number is 2 1 2 4 1 3 5 2 5 2 For a chance to be featured on a future episode. I'm told that that number rings directly to a traveling blackberry that is passed around amongst correspondents, maybe not. We will see you Fridays on Dateline on NBC.


Also make sure to check out Dateline True Crime Weekly this week. I will be in, I'm hosting for Andrea Canning while she's out on vacation for the week. So we've got some updates on some big cases that we've been following. We also have a very fascinating interview about a new book on a rather high profile crime down in Houston. So all of that is coming up on Dateline True Crime Weekly. Make sure you listen to that Thursday morning, wherever you get your podcasts.


Thanks so much for listening.