
This episode is brought to you by Progressive, where drivers who save by switching. Save nearly $750 on average. Quote now@progressive.com to see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. National average, 12 months savings of $744 by new customers surveyed to save with Progressive between June, 2022 and May, 2023. Potential savings will vary. Discounts not available in all states and situations


At your job. Do you ever have to deal with a nose roller? How about a snub pulley? Well, if you're installing a new conveyor belt system, dealing with the different components can sound like you're speaking a foreign language. Luckily, you've got a team ready to help. Granger's Technical product specialists are fluent in maintenance, repair, and operations. So whenever you want to talk shop, just reach out Call, click Granger dot com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


Hi everybody, I'm Josh Menowitz. And we're Talking Dateline today with Andrea Canning. Hi, Josh. So this episode is called The Butterfly. This is the season premiere episode, isn't it? Yes, it is. Now, if you've not seen The Butterfly, it's the episode right below this one on your Dateline Podcast feed. So go there and listen to it or stream it on Peacock and then come back here. So for this Talking Dateline, Andrea has brought a clip from her interview with Investigator Paul Newton about breaking into that glass blowing class to arrest the Suspect. My favorite extra clip of all the talking datelines we've ever done.


How's that for a tease? That's a pretty high bar. Just to briefly to recap, Caitlyn Markham disappeared in August, 2011 from her home in Fairfield, Ohio. Her friends and family knew right away that something was wrong, it would take years, which is something we'll talk about, to finally put together a theory as to exactly what happened and to figure out who killed her, which was her fiancee, John Carter. So, let's talk Dateline. Let's do it. So the thing that leaped out at me about this episode is that like other good Dateline episodes, this showcases both some very good police work and some not very good police work.


I mean, I think most people would agree with you. The one thing that I, I couldn't believe, just based on all the datelines we've done, was the computer. You know, He says he is watching the show, and the investigators feel like the computer backs that up. Well, obviously, if you're savvy with technology, with computers, you can set up your computer in a way that shows that you're watching something. They could tell that a show was playing on his computer, but of course, they can't tell whether somebody's actually watching It. And we should say that we asked the Fairfield Police Department to do an interview, they declined, but they did tell us, they always considered Carter a suspect, but just didn't have enough evidence.


And they say they weren't the only ones. Other investigators came to the same conclusion. They said Also, how did they not talk to the dad until the sort of second go around? Like when the dad says, yeah, I wish you'd asked me these questions years ago. Like, they hadn't interviewed him. Well, They didn't really I mean they didn't really, they talked to him talk, but like, I just don't know how in depth they talked to him. But then That wasn, the Indiana State Police, they said the debt has to be looked at as well. Of course, you know, Dave had nothing to do with it. Yeah. I mean no, I mean, I actually, I thought you had a great rapport with him. Oh, by the way, in this I, I I, I came away like really?


I thought, you know, he seemed like a great guy and you guys seemed to really connect with That was wonderful. You know what, he's just, Dave is the salt of the earth Ohio guy, just working hard, raising his kids, you know, doing the best he can. Yeah. Like he's just a good person, you know, because they, as he said in the show, they were struggling to have children. And so she was so special to them. He had such a bond with her. And this just crushed him Finding Kaitlyn's remains. You know, there had to be a time when that family thought they were never gonna have anything or anyone to bear. Yeah. I mean you certainly start to lose hope. Right? And it took as it often does, just a stranger, you know, in the woods.


And there he finds the body. That's the kind of the middle of nowhere where they, where they found her. Also weird is how one, one of her friends goes out there Right. And they find more, more remains, turns out like they didn't recover all of her. And then Dave's, you know, on his hands and knees with a strainer from his, like a kitchen I mean what the heck? Yeah. Yeah. And you said that in the, in the interview, like I mean, I don't know how this is supposed to go, but it's definitely not supposed to be the dad. You know, when you think about people, when you think about police or law enforcement agencies, you know, doing recovery at a crime scene, we've all seen too many movies and too many TV shows, and you have this image in your mind of like, all these people sifting through the, the, the, the dirt at the, at the crime scene.


But in fact, like a lot of agencies, particularly smaller ones, they've got a couple. Yeah. You know, and people are doing the best they can. And maybe some of those people are volunteers, you know, from the local criminology department at the, at the nearest college I mean we all know DNA results don't come back in one minute on a machine on your desk that's TV fiction. But you don't think about this as being TV fiction too, which is like, like every crime scene is not processed as thoroughly in real life as it is on television. And somebody else, too, in the episode you talk about this mysterious benefactor who helped pay for a private investigator to look into the case. I, I can't think of another case in which somebody who was a third party paid for a private eye and it, and it really did make a difference.


Do you know who that was? I don't know. We may have known the name like that. Someone may have told us. I don't know. But they wanna remain private, so we just know that they're wealthy and they read about it on Facebook and wanted to help. Hey, look, I mean that's, that's a great thing for people to do philanthropically to, to hire a, a private eye with that 10 gallon hat, which was sensational. Jay Ryan Green, I, I'm guessing right? You tell me if I'm right. I'm guessing that there was a point in which Ryan Green was sitting down for the interview and he said to you and the producer, you guys want me to take my hat off? And you were like, no, no, no. Leave it on. That's good. We like the color.


Yeah, no, I, I always encouraged to keep that the, you know, the 10 gallon hat on or whatever, whatever, you know, that person's comfortable with. It's Well, I mean instead I mean because you have this guy who's coming to the rescue who's literally wearing a white hat. I mean, how great is that? Yeah. Yeah. And he was a good guy too. He, he really got invested and, and put his best foot forward and, and did make some progress, I think did definitely make some progress. Josh, I have an idea. How about when we retire from this job? You and I open a private investigator agency and it can be Mankiewicz and Canning PIs. What do you think? Wow. You don't, you, you don't want top billing.


Well, no, it's your Idea. It doesn't matter. Canning and banquets. Banquets and Canning. Yeah. With all the things that we've learned on Dateline, I feel like we could be good private investigators if we put our minds together. What do you think? I'm for it. And maybe we could borrow something like that hidden camera gear and stuff that we use. 'cause that might come in handy. Yeah, it's a, yeah. Kind of a, kind of a post dateline career. Yeah, I like that. I think that's good. When we come back, Andrea has a clip that did not make our story an interview with the investigator who ended up cracking this case about the very unusual arrest of a suspect


This Halloween. Choose how scared you wanna be with Hulu on Disney Plus on Disney Plus be a little scared with Marvel television's. Agatha all along as Wand, Avi's Agatha sets off on an adventure of mysterious trials. And on Hulu, get terrified in a world of cult killers and murders in FXs new horror thriller series Grotesquery. All of these and more now streaming available with the Disney bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com/hulu for details.


Some studies show that learning in new language may provide cognitive benefits, like improved memory problem solving skills. So why not join the millions of users who have learned a new language with Rosetta Stone? Choose from 25 offered languages from Spanish to Polish with Rosetta Stone. You learn to speak, listen, and think in your chosen language. The true accent feature even gives you feedback on your pronunciation. Learn on the go with the app or at your desktop on your own schedule. Don't put off learning that language. There's no better time than right now. To get started, Dateline listeners can get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off. Visit rosetta stone.com/dateline. That's 50% off unlimited access to 25 language courses for the rest of your life. Redeem your 50% off at rosetta stone.com/dateline. Today.


What does the future hold for business? I asked nine experts and you'll get 10 answers. Bull market bear market rates rise or fall. Can someone please invent a crystal ball? Until then, over 40,000 businesses have future proof. Their business with NetSuite by Oracle NetSuite is a leading cloud financial system, bringing accounting, financial management, inventory, HR into a single platform and source of truth. With real-time, insights and forecasting, you're peering into the future with actionable data. Whether your company is earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and sees your biggest opportunities. And speaking of opportunity, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash dateline. The guide is free to you at NetSuite dot com slash dateline NetSuite dot com slash dateline.


Opposites attract and it certainly seemed to be the case for me. I mean, I noticed this right off between Caitlyn and John. Like she is creative and going places and he's kind of a lump Mm. Like any idea what she ever saw in him. I think what happened was, you know, it's a high school love and you don't, you don't think in high school as much about what are those person's hopes and dreams and what kind of job do they have and how much money are they making? And you know, in high school it's just you like someone 'cause you like them and then they just happened to stay together. And then I think the older they got and the more serious they got, I think then it started to hit home to her that hey, this guy's not a go-getter where in high school just doesn't matter as much.


Well, I think that's right. The two sides to John Carter I mean, he seems to be this kind of like, you know, kind of like a passive, you know, like a beanbag chair. Yeah, yeah. Sort of here nor There. Yeah. You know, but turns out he's got this edge to him. Yeah. And it, You know, and, and that and that video of him yelling at the next girlfriend was, well I mean that really told you a lot. That's where you saw it, even though it wasn't. Yeah, yeah, Totally. 'cause I know I don't think a lot of people were aware of, of that. Then you get to see it for yourself. Like what he, the the person he's capable of becoming Who is the opposite of the guy in the interview room. Yeah. You know, know who seems like this sort of like, friendly guy. Like, come on, I want my own life back I mean.


He, I I I would say, you know, when you compare him to the, you know, the pantheon of terrible actors that we've seen in those, in those interrogation rooms lying about what they did or didn't do, he's actually pretty near the top because he's the killer. And also he did a pretty good job of seemingly as if he was just this kind of like hapless guy. Well, to a point it kind of depended, I guess on how well you knew him. You know, the, the detectives, they don't, they don't know this guy, you know, they don't know what his baseline is. So they, you know, they just kind of, I guess, assumed he seemed like not the kind of guy.


Yeah. We don't know. Yeah. Let's talk about the voice stress analysis. I remember when this came along. Is it any more admissible in court than a polygraph? Do you know? I don't think so. I, I I don't think so. I've never heard of, I've never heard it. I've never heard. I'm sure it falls in. I've never, the polygraph bucket, you know, I don't, I don't think. Yeah, because I've never heard of it being used in a, in a case before. No. And like polygraphs are generally not admissible in court. They're usually not admissible as evidence in a criminal trial. Sometimes polygraphs are admissible in, in a, during a pallet issues, but usually not as an investigative tool when people are actually gonna be charged or not charged. Generally, law enforcement tends to use polygraphs as a test of somebody's willingness to cooperate.


Like if they will take a polygraph that generally tells you something Or when they fail too. Yeah. I mean it's a bad Sign and that's a lever to use in interrogations. Like, Hey, by the way, we know you're lying now, so why don't you tell us the real story? Yeah, yeah, exactly. Yeah. My husband's best friend from growing up who was in our wedding, he is does polygraphs for the FBI and he goes all over the place to administer them. And how many times have you had him polygraph your husband? You know, Hey, don't, you're putting ideas. Don't say zero, don say zero. You're Putting ideas in my head. Zero. Yeah. Well this is stuff that we're gonna have to deal with when we are operating that PI agency. Well bring I mean we'll get Jim in to help us with the, my husband's. Absolutely. Yeah. Eventually Paul Newton gets on the case.


And then one senses that everything changes. Yes. The minute you meet Paul Newton in this story, like it, it's obvious that that's the guy you want on the case of somebody that, that you care about. You Want the guy who says, I like a challenge, and this is, that's what he got. And Paul Newton, you know, he was on it chasing down everything, rereading everything, going over all the evidence, again, talking to people, I mean he did what was needed to be done and you know, and the, and the DA let him run with it, you know, and, and said, let's go. So we have an extra clip as, as teased as promised. This is about the, when the arrest happens, we only played a really small snippet in the show.


I have a sergeant with me, so I walk through the front door. Do you get to do the honors? Yes. That was what, so That wasn nice. So we walk in, I, a younger girl working the front desk. I said, where's John Carter? She goes, he's in the back teaching a class. I said, take me to him now. And the owner goes, Hey, what's going on here? I said, take me to John now. She walks me to the back and she goes, he's actually teaching a class. I said, I'll be gentle. Oh my goodness. Can you imagine being in that glass blowing class? Well, There was a bunch of elderly old women in there. What's the look on the elderly?


No idea what's going on. I, I put the cuffs on him. I said, you're under arrest. And as I'm walking out, the young girl goes, why is he being arrested? I said, he's being arrested for murder. And Just she yells, no. Like, no, as in like, oh my gosh, I can't believe this is happening. Yes, It's something he would see on police tv. Yeah. And did you happen to catch a look at the el the elderly ladies' faces? No, I didn't. I I told him I was sorry. I did tell him I was sorry before I walked out. I said, I'm sorry. And now it's time to go to work. You know, justice was denied for a long time to that family. But on the, on the plus side, you know, John Carter and he was eventually locked up, Which is good. Well, it's kind of justice though, with like an asterisk, right?


Because he ultimately pleaded guilty to involuntary manslaughter and got three years I mean that's it. Right. And you know, the DA definitely took some heat from some people who thought you should have tried and, you know, gone to trial. And he felt like getting him to admit what he admitted was, was justice in this case. So, Well, you know, that is a very familiar refrain from people is that why couldn't the DA just go into court and, and, you know, try for a higher charge and see what, you know, in other words, we're saying we'd feel better if at least he were charged with murder even if you weren't convicted of murder. Well, two things. One, if, if he beats a murder charge, then they walk outta court and they go ahead living their life and they don't suffer any consequences at all.


And second, prosecutors have an ethical requirement to not do that thing that that people would like, which is like, let's just throw the spaghetti at the refrigerator and see if it sticks. I mean you are not supposed to bring a case unless you have a, a, a very strong, more than like 50% belief that you're going to get a conviction. Right. And let's not forget, if it wasn't for the prosecutor's office, John Carter would not have been charged. But yeah. So there was no doubt that there were things, obstacles that the prosecution would've had to face. They didn't wanna roll the dice. They wanted to get him on the record saying, I did this.


And that's what they did. And you know what Dave, who as we mentioned is, is now engaged and Ali is, you know, teaching and they as, as imperfect as the ending was with from, from a justice standpoint, they seemed relieved. Yeah. That was my, that was gonna be my question. Was it, it it feels like they're sort of okay with this even though he is not going away for the rest of his Life. Yeah, I think they just wanted him to have some kind of accountability and they got that accountability, right? They got, they got him in prison, but it's something right. Well, the family is, is fighting for something they call Caitlin's Law, which would extend the statute of limitations on missing persons cases because you know, with the idea that like, you know, why should somebody who succeeded in hiding the body and thus escaping the statute of limitations benefit from that, which is an interesting, interesting argument.


Yeah. The law, it's, it's, you know, we see the law always changing through these datelines because family members see loopholes or things that, that don't make sense. And they start, they start, They, they start Fighting and they start getting lawmakers on board. And next thing you know, in that state, there's a law named after their loved one because they fought for it and it'll help future families down the road. And I just wish the best for them. And I hope now even though they don't have Caitlyn back, you know, they planted the tree, they see the butterflies. I hope that they can have some peace now going forward and that, you know, they can take a breath. That, that all this part of it is over. Andrea, thank you.


After the break, Andrea is gonna be joined by Dateline producer Justin Smith who worked on this story to answer your social media questions about The Butterfly


Looking for the scariest most haunting movies this season Stream, the No Sleep October collection on Max, featuring new releases premiering all month, including Salem's Lot Cat Lake at a 20 fours Maxine streaming exclusively on Max Plus. Watch cult classics like Scream The Shining a Nightmare on Elm Street and more movies that will keep you up all night long. Now streaming subscription required visit max.com


Some things are obvious, water is wet, all roads lead to somewhere and paying half price for pizza is better than paying full price. This week at Domino's is half off Pizza week. Get 50% off all menu price. Domino's Pizzas once for dinner. The choice is obvious. Get half off pizza at Domino's during half off pizza week now until October 6th. Select this offer online only at participating locations, prices, participation, delivery area and charges may vary. Offer applies to pizza portion of your order only.


You're probably tired of paying for so many TV channels you don't even like and certainly don't watch. You're in charge of live TV with Sling. You get to choose and customize your channel lineup, getting the channels you like. Sling has the live sports, news and entertainment channels you love and less are the ones you don't. So you save hundreds of dollars and Sling knows stuff happens. You can pause your live TV subscription at any time and still get over 500 channels for free with Sling free stream Sling's Cloud DVR lets you record your shows to watch on your schedule with no complex technology. No long-term contracts, no hidden rigmarole. Watch TV anywhere at any time with Sling. Sign up for free today at sling.com/choose. That's sling.com/choose sling.com/choose.


Welcome back everyone. As we are taping this. Josh is working on another story for the new season. So to help me answer some of your questions about the episode from social media, I have invited Star producer Justin Smith. He is of course the producer of The Butterfly. Hey Justin, thank you for being here. Hey Andrea, how are you? Good. Okay, so it appears the most asked question by our viewers was about John Carter's three year sentence. Jersey girl 96 wrote this on x three years for killing someone. Makes no sense. Kayla at Kay Kei said that Caitlyn deserved more.


Three years is not enough time for lying to the Markhams for 13 years. And Allie Jay Stargirl with a cat said, is he out now? I think I heard the trial was in 2021. So I think the viewer's response really mirrored the response of the community there in Fairfield. Kaitlyn's case had been going on so long and had traumatized the community. So when this plea deal popped up three weeks before the trial was to begin, I mean a lot of people were stunned, surprised and disappointed. And to answer Allie's question, John Carter is not out. He is currently in prison. This all just happened this year. The trial was actually supposed to go ahead this summer in June and July.


That wasn scheduled for four weeks. The prosecution team had 80 plus witnesses. Subpoenaed I mean everyone was full speed ahead for trial. Yeah. And That wasn. So interesting how the assistant prosecutor gets this random tap on the shoulder. Hey, like what do you think about this? The idea of this plea deal. So That wasn interesting how it came from John Carter's side. Yeah. I mean the prosecutor made it clear that they were fully prepared for trial, but the case was really circumstantial. I mean they had no forensic evidence or DNA evidence tying John Carter directly to the crime. They didn't have a cause of death, so they couldn't really tell a jury how Kaitlyn had died or where she died or even how her body had gotten to Indiana. And if you remember, you asked him that question how he felt about his case going to trial and he, he brought up Forrest Gump and he, he, he said that juries are like a box of chocolates that you never know what you're gonna get.


And I think he felt like with the right jury he could hit it out of the park, but with a jury that was maybe more skeptical of circumstantial evidence, it could have been an uphill climb. Yeah. And we, we talked about this earlier, but viewers were shocked that Kaitlyn's dad had to help search for his daughter's remains and that they weren't fully recovered after the first search. Mickey Martini said they're still finding bones question mark. Yeah, I mean that was certainly surprising. But I, I think when we were out there talking to those state police officers, I got a little bit more of a sense of why that had happened or how it could have happened. I mean her body was left on this embankment leading down to a creek and several winters had gone by That wasn barely covered.


And I think with the snow coming and thawing that her remains had really got, got been spread over quite a large area. So that helped me understand it a little bit. And there were lots of comments about Kaitlyn's dad, Dave Markham, this comment from Murder mystery box. I know they need to eliminate the dad as a suspect, but it must be devastating to have to go through questioning like that. Yeah. I mean something we don't often see in the cases we cover that this grieving out for Justice Dad is suddenly holed in two years into the investigation and aggressively questioned I mean I it certainly based on his reaction in the room, you could see that he was surprised. But I think that it came at a unique moment in the investigation where it had been two years.


He was super frustrated with the original investigators and felt like, okay, he was so glad that these state police officers were now taking a hard look at the case that it, I think he, it made it a little more tolerable for him because he thought, well if I'm being questioned this aggressively, hopefully others are as well. Yeah. And Brenda Alessi, she commented on Dave's determination saying, dog, a determination by Dave, my heart breaks for this devoted father. Yeah, I mean, that's one of the things I kind of noticed following the case for so many years is that Dave is someone who said he was never comfortable getting out there, talking to the media, answering questions about his daughter's disappearance. And yet he did it birthday after birthday, year after year.


Really? Because he wanted to, he felt he owed it to his daughter to get justice for her. That wasn. Quite inspiring. Yeah. And as I teased way earlier in the podcast that my favorite bonus clip ever was talking about the glass blowing class. Danny Scotch Irish also picked up on that and she said the old ladies at the glass blowing class got a lesson in murder. I bet they're still talking about this. Yeah. I mean the whole story he told was, was wild how they asked him as he was taking John Carter out, you know, what's the arrest for? He said murder. Oh. And there was quite a gasp. Yeah. It's like our wait, our glass blowing instructor pretty crazy.


So a lot of people were just excited on social media for season 33 to start. Kathy Seal Burnett said, new season all in caps. Yes. Nancy Ksky Andrews. Can't wait for Dateline to do it again next Friday. Well, I know you've got some good stories in store this season, so viewers will be Happy. Yeah, lots of new stories and I know Justin, you'll be happy to hopefully get a little break. Thank you for, for working so hard on this story and I do hope you get to relax a little bit. Maybe take a glass blowing class. All right. That is our Talking Dateline for this week. Thank you so much for listening. Remember, if you have any questions for us about our stories or Dateline, you can reach out to us on social at Dateline NBC.


Also, please check out a great new series we've been working on called Dateline The Smoking Gun, which premieres Thursday, October 3rd at 8:00 PM Eastern on Oxygen. Each episode tracks the twists and turns of an intense murder investigation. Leading up to the moment detectives finally uncover that one critical piece of evidence that cracks the case. And of course, we'll see you on Fridays for Dateline on NBC. Some things are obvious. Water is wet, all roads lead to somewhere and paying half price for pizza is better than paying full price.


This week at Domino's is half off. Pizza week get 50% off all menu price. Domino's Pizzas once for dinner. The choice is obvious. Get half off pizza at Domino's during half off pizza week now until October 6th. Select this offer online only at participating locations. Prices, participation, delivery area and charges may vary. Offer applies to pizza portion of your order only.