
This episode is brought to you by Progressive, where drivers who save by switching. Save nearly $750 on average. Quote now@progressive.com to see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. National average, 12 months savings of $744 by new customers surveyed to save with Progressive between June, 2022 and May, 2023. Potential savings will vary. Discounts not available in all states and situations.


Hi everyone, I'm Andrea Canning, and we are Talking Dateline. Today I am here with Josh Menowitz. Hey Josh. How you doing? Good. Alright, so this episode is called Open Desert. If you haven't seen it, it's the episode right below this one on your list of podcasts. So go there and listen to it or stream it on Peacock and then come back here. Today Josh has an extra clip that he's going to play for us from his interview with the victim's father. Plus we're going to be joined later by this episode's producer and a good friend of mine Reman, to answer some questions from social media. To recap this story, back in March of 20, 20 16-year-old Brittany Lackey was reported missing from her hometown of Spring Creek, Nevada.


She was last seen with her friend Bryce, who said he had dropped Brittany off to meet a mysterious cowboy named JT detectives. And Brittany's family searched far and wide for her body and her killer. Eventually they found her remains in a nearby desert and DNA evidence that the scene showed them that her killer wasn't that cowboy, but her trusted friend Bryce. Okay, let's talk Dateline Josh. What really hit me from the very first line of this episode was the child not answering the phone. Yeah. Right. That happens to all of us as parents. You know, at first it's like, no big deal. Your kid didn't answer their phone. You don't really think much of it.


And then if they don't answer the second time or the third time, or they're not answering texts, your mind immediately goes to the worst place. Right. At the same time you're like, no, no, no, everything's fine. And usually it is. But then unfortunately, as we've learned on this show, sometimes it's not okay. Yeah. And, and that's what Jim Lacey was going through. He also, you know, there, there's one more component to that, which is, in this case, he knew how long it took to get from where he last seen his daughter to where his daughter said she was going. So like, she should have been home. She should have been reachable. You know, that's, that's an age where kids wanna start having some portion of their life for themselves.


And they don't wanna tell you the parent everything, but in this case, in this family, Jim Lacey, he knew this is not my daughter, you know, misleading me so she can run off and, you know, have a beer behind the gym with somebody she's not supposed to be hanging out with. Yeah. He knew something was wrong. Sounds like such a great dad. Such a softie with his daughter. Yeah. 'cause she completely changed his life. And I loved how he said, you know, I'm dad first and then I'm the best friend or the friend. Yeah. He was super protective of her I mean, he paid a lot of attention to where she was, what she was doing, where she was going. I mean he was on her. And in this case, of course, we had the worst outcome that they had to discover her body in that way, you know?


And it's amazing that they eventually even found her. When you look at that landscape and, you know, as the, the name of the show, right? Open. Desert. Right. I mean it's gorgeous country. I, I sort of wasn't prepared for that. There's no easy way to get there. You gotta, you know, fly somewhere and then drive for a long distance. But it is absolutely gorgeous when you get there and yeah, there's this town and then around it is, is a, a great deal of just nothing. Just, you know, natural beauty. But a lot of areas where if you are up to something that you shouldn't be up to, nobody will see you. And if you wanna hide a body, there's a lot of places to do that.


Yeah. And it's interesting 'cause it's, it sort of reminds you of the wild West, you know, old fashioned, but then it's got this edge to it where I noticed the teenagers, you know, have nose rings. They were free spirits. Right. They were just being themselves. I looked at Britney's eyeshadow and That wasn, multiple colors, like one of those really pretty sunsets in the mountain that has like every color in it. It just kind of told me that this this girl was a free spirit, you know, she was doing her thing, she was riding her horses, dressing the way she wanted to dress. She was being the person she wanted to be. Yeah. I mean like a lot of the people we cover, this was somebody who was just, you know, on the cusp of adulthood and, you know, loved the rodeo and loved being around horses and, you know, really wanted a life that encompassed some part of that world.


And whereas, you know, a lot of people that you run into in a small town like that, they can't wait to get out. Like, I gotta go. I want to be in la or I wanna be in New York. I want to go to the big city. And she was like, no, no, I, I love it here. You know? Yeah. She embraced that culture and the stuff you do there. And, you know, she was all about the rodeo. Where was Brittany going in life? She was going to go someplace that made her happy. That's where she was going. One thing that made me really sad in this episode, and That wasn a really powerful red herring was that girl fight that was caught on video at the radio rodeo. Yeah. I did not like watching that video. Well, First of all, you can see in Britney, her dad, right.


I mean like that I'm not backing down from a fight. I'm not afraid of you. And, and, and she got in a fight with some kids in school, but then it ended up spilling over into the rodeo. And some of that was caught on video. And I mean law enforcement had absolutely no choice. But they'll like figure out who that is because, you know, is it conceivable that somebody who's 16 years old could be killed by other 16 year olds? That they had some kind of like, you know, nebulous dispute with. Absolutely. And that's one of, of the roads that law enforcement went down. I mean they, they found those girls and ultimately determined that they were not involved. But that's one of the things that you have to do because any defense attorney worked their salt is gonna say, wait a minute, you did not check out these people who were clearly angry enough to get into a fist fight with her.


You didn't check those people out as suspects. Of course you will. You have to. Yeah. And I didn't know how this story ended. Right. So for me, I was thinking this is a viable lead right here. Right, Exactly. I mean there were a lot of twists and turns in this case, That wasn, the blackmail thing, the, the kidnap scam. So Cruel. And all you want is to cling to some hope. Yeah. The toughest thing I think the police had to do in this was say to Brittany's mom, listen, this is not real. There's no chance this is real. These people don't have your daughter. They may be committing a crime here, but we've talked about this before on Talking Dateline, when the thing that you are hoping for as a parent is that your child is still alive, but imprisoned by some maniac.


When that's the best case scenario, you have gone to a very bad, very dark place. And that's where Brittany's mom was at that point, which is okay, well at least in that scenario, she's still alive. She's alive. Yeah. And, and the hardest thing that, that, that law enforcement had to do was say to her, Hey, this is nothing. Okay. After the break, we'll be back with an extra clip from Josh's interview with Brittany's dad. Jim Ujlaky,


Do you wanna connect more with friends or family? And their native language isn't English then Rosetta Stone, the most trusted language learning program is for you. Rosetta Stone teaches through immersion, like matching audio from native speakers to visuals, reading stories, participating in dialogues, and more get prepared for real authentic conversations. The true accent feature even provides feedback on your pronunciation. It's like having a personal trainer for your accent. Learn on the go with flexible and customizable lessons as short as 10 minutes plus Rosetta Stone can be used on a desktop or as an app, and you can download lessons for offline use for a very limited time. Our listeners can get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off. That's unlimited access to 25 language courses for the rest of your life. For 50% off redeem now at rosetta stone.com/dateline,


You've Almost certainly been prescribed a medication before, but did you understand how it worked? The way your medication works in your body shouldn't be a mystery. Learn how Vyvgart, tylo, efgartigimod Alpha and Hyaluronidase QVFC works by visiting Vyvgart dot com slash moa. That's V-Y-V-G-A-R t.com/moa brought to you by Argen X.


One of the things that I've had to learn in this job is that the traditional rules or the rules that I grew up with of dating or going steady or who's with who, you know, the idea that like, I'm gonna come to your house and I'm gonna pick you up and I'm gonna have some flowers for you and your dad's gonna grill me in the entryway, and then I'm gonna make sure that I have you back by, you know, 10:59 PM or whatever the curfew is, which, Which I'm okay with. I am okay With that. I, I know that you with, with, with all those, with all those girls in your house, I know you are okay with that, but that has changed and it's sort of hard to figure out what an involvement is. And so that's kind of, you know, a little bit about what was going on between Brittany and Bryce I mean they were friends also.


Clearly he thought there was more going on there and or could be more going on there. And we don't know what else had happened before that. We do know that it went very, very wrong and that he was the aggressor in that. Yeah. And, and her dad said clearly this was someone before he, you know, figured out Bryce someone that she trusted. Right. There's no question about that. She did not see him as some annoying guy who was pestering her or who was stalking her, who wouldn't leave her alone. I mean they were friends and they, they were thought of as friends by everybody who knew them. And her dad actually talked to you about that in a clip that did not make the show that we're going to play.


Right. Now that, that's right up that alley of what you're talking about. Going back to now, back when Bryce seemed like a decent trustworthy guy when they were friends, what was her relationship with Bryce? I only met Bryce twice. Every guy had to meet me before she could do anything with him. And I'd do the typical dad thing, but you know, I've been to jail a lot in my younger radical years and everything. And I would tell him, I'm not that dad who says, I've been to jail and I haven't, I've been to jail many times and I'm not afraid to go back to jail. Whatever you do to my daughter, I'm gonna do to you. And I was just my little spew and I actually, I really meant it. I mean I'm very protective of my kids that Would've worked with me.


Lemme just Say. So it seen them for probably two or three minutes and then they, they left, he came by one other time. I barely briefly seen him, but he mainly showed up around her mom. Okay. So you're, you had that conversation with Bryce, but he wasn't really a boyfriend right. I mean No, she Sort of No. Made clear, this is just my friend. Yeah. And it That wasn not her boyfriends that she brought over, just any guy that she was hanging around with. I would just say that. Yeah. So there was nothing really to fear with Bryce initially? No. There was nothing, there was nothing suspicious. And like he and his family had been in that town forever.


Like, they were all sort of known quantities And, and it's amazing because usually it's like you look back, oh, the red flags were there, you know, oh, he did this or he said that and it all makes sense, but not in this case. Yeah, that's right. Bryce did a fairly good job of steering the investigation away from him, even to the point of coming to a memorial for her, because I'm guessing something told him, if you don't go, it's gonna be suspicious. And he went and, and people were putting their arms around him. Well, we know that law enforcement detectives, they go to the funeral Sure. Or they sit outside the funeral, you know, that usually, usually trying to hide the fact that they're law enforcement.


Right. But sometimes they're taking photos of every license plate in the parking lot. Yeah. Because very often the killer does go to the funeral, just like an arsonist might go to the burned down building. Right. And a and a killer might go to the funeral one because not going might make them seem suspicious. And second, because Yeah. So often murders are committed by somebody that the victim knows. That the victim knows. Exactly. Yeah. And, and that's, you know, the majority of our Dateline episodes In a way that maybe should give people a little bit of comfort, which is the, you know, the random madman or mad woman who, you know, breaks into your house, kills you.


Like that's pretty rare like this, you're mostly in danger from people you know, from relationships you already have. Yeah. But one of the things about this story that made it an interesting story to tell was that there was this mythical other suspect, this cowboy named JT that, you know, drove a, you know, a particular kind of pickup truck and, and Bryce gave a description of this guy and of the truck, and that I mean the, the police turned over a lot of stones looking for jt looking for that truck. And you know, they're looking for those initials and in nearly every law enforcement agency that I know of, there's a nickname database.


So, you know, if you're looking for somebody named, you know, sugar or Beefy or jt, it's gonna be in there. Yeah. I was actually known as sugar back in high school. And, and so they spent a, they spent a lot of time looking for the mythical JT until they figured out that the way Bryce was talking about this guy kept changing, like one time he was in the truck, one time he was out of the truck. Yeah. And I made a note of that. As you know, his story kept changing that this is why defense attorneys tell people not to open their mouths. That's right. Right. Because that's right. This is what got him in trouble if he had just not said anything.


And I, you know, it's, it's of course it's that you're damned if you do, you're damned if you don't, if you're innocent and you don't say anything, then you look guilty. If you're guilty, you say something, you potentially could incriminate yourself. Right. So it is tricky, but in this case, he absolutely should not have opened his mouth. I mean Yes. In the sense that I mean a a defense attorney would've said, don't, don't talk with police or just talk with police once and then say, look, if you're gonna treat me like a suspect, I'm not gonna talk with you anymore. Yeah. But you know, once her body was found, and once DNA is found from the, the tobacco that was spit on the ground near the body, then that's gonna lead back to Bryce.


That leads me to talk about the clues in this case, which were really good ones. Yes. Especially if you're really eagle eye a apparently unlike me, you know, he spit in that body cam video, the police body cam video, which I noticed, right. I really noticed him spitting. But then the chewing tobacco, when they say they found it at the scene, I didn't put two and two together with the chewing tobacco and the spitting. Right. So I missed that clue, but then thought, wow, somebody out there watching Dateline surely picked that up. Well, Surely. And the other one that was so good was the desert landscape, you know, in the photo with the mountain ridge and how they were able to line that up.


That was a great, that was I mean. There was, there was very good police work in this. And that was part of That wasn lining up the mountain ridge that really existed behind them in the photo. Yeah. That wasn That wasn. Really right out of a movie. You know, that clue. I feel like That wasn an exact match. Right. I mean That wasn pretty amazing. Yeah. No, they did a great job with that. Now we're going to take a quick break and then we'll be back with a special guest, Dateline producer Reman,


Busy parents have enough on their plates without adding children's homework to the list as well. Now IXL is an excellent resource for homework help, which is especially nice for parents who are rusty on school info themselves and methods have changed over the years too. It's designed to help them really understand and master topics in a fun way with positive feedback. And one subscription gets you everything for all the kids in your home. pre-K to 12th grade, there's a reason why IXL is used in 95 of the top 100 school districts in the US. A month of IXL costs less than an hour of tutoring. So now you can get your child the help they need at an affordable price. Make an impact on your child's learning. Get IXL now and Dateline NBC. Listeners can get an exclusive 20% off IXL membership when they sign up today at IXL dot com slash dateline. Visit IXL dot com slash dateline to get the most effective learning program out there at the best price.


Quick math, the less your business spends on operations, on multiple systems on delivering your product or service, the more margin you have and the more money you keep, reduce costs and headaches and graduate to NetSuite by Oracle. NetSuite is a leading cloud financial system, bringing accounting, financial management, inventory, HR into a single platform and source of truth, reduce it costs. Because NetSuite lives in the cloud with no hardware required. Cut the cost of maintaining multiple systems and improve efficiency by bringing all your major business processes into one platform. Over 37,000 companies have already made the move. So do the math. See how you'll profit with NetSuite by popular Demand. NetSuite has extended, its one of a kind flexible financing program for a few more weeks. Head to NetSuite dot com slash dateline NetSuite dot com slash dateline.


What we're gonna do now is we're going to bring in Reman, who, as I said, is a good friend of mine and I've done many Datelines with her and she was your producer on this episode. She was. And she is going to tell us a little bit about her experience with the story and answer some questions from social media. So let's bring in the incredible Anne Pressman. Hello. Great to be with you Anne. So you made a vlog while you were out filming this episode. Let's just play it for our listeners really quickly. Hi, I'm Anne. And I'm Rachel. And today we're taking you along on a shoot for an all new episode of Dateline. We're in Elco County, Nevada, which is one of the most beautiful places I have ever been while traveling for Dateline.


In fact, this area is known as the Swiss Alps of Nevada. After a couple of hours of filming, we headed back to town, Although we ran into a problem, a lot of big problems actually. So we're driving back from our B-roll shoot and we're having some trouble getting home. Eventually they moved out of the way and we made it back to town. So what the listener can't see is that you're driving through this gorgeous valley and then your SUV is suddenly surrounded by a herd of huge dairy cows. Eventually They turned around and they're like, oh, there's a car.


Yeah. But it's the same philosophy that Anne uses when dealing with me, which is you just wait and eventually, like it works out. Judge, You're patient enough. Yeah. Josh, you, you made a vlog as well in Canada. I did because I had that, that, that that trip, which by the way was the other kind of story that we were just talking about, which is That wasn not a friend of the victim. That wasn, somebody completely random. And that was, that's true. Kind of a, kind of a swerve for us in that there was no relationship at all between killer and victim and where we were going in Canada, That wasn so far away and That wasn so hard to get there and it took so long. That wasn a real planes, trains and automobiles experience. So I made a, I made a little video travel log If you hadn't have documented I, it, I don't know that I would've believed That wasn that you were in Musin Canada.


I know. And, and it, and, and it took, it took two days to get there and two days to get back. I was only there a little while. Yeah. That wasn, That wasn. I was so proud of you for braving the cold. Josh. Yeah. Yeah. You, you California guy. I know that you and Keith grew up with that, but I did not. Yeah. Alright, so we are going to dig into some social media questions. The first one is from Deron seven at Daniel r Hawker one. He talks about how this is, you know, a very tragic story and sad story that all parents should watch with their kids and tell them, this is why we ask questions. This is why we keep tabs on you 24 7. This can be this episode, A teachable moment for sure.


If you feel comfortable either having your kids watch it or just telling them what happened. Yeah. I mean, I, I, I think that's right. I think Jimmy Lacey did everything right. I mean he paid a lot of attention to where his daughter was, who she was hanging out with, what was going on in her life. He was not some absentee father. He was very, very involved. And yet this still happens. So I mean if there is any kind of teachable moment here, it's that you say to your kids, you know, even people that you feel comfortable with, it doesn't mean that nothing can ever happen. You just have to be aware all the time. Yeah. And it's kind of an instinctive thing, right? There's no manual. You kind of just have to figure it out and hope for the best and do everything you can, which is what Jim was clearly doing.


Which leads me to the, our next viewer, Josie at Jocelyn D 20, who said, and I think she speaks for all of us. This dad has me in tears, You know, and when we were originally talking with him, we sat down. He's very sort of taciturn. He doesn't talk a lot, but man, once we started him talking about this story, he was great all the way through. And he was one of the main storytellers of this story, which, you know, sometimes on Dateline, the people that know the victim the best aren't their parents, but not Jimmy Lackey. He was a player in her life all the way through. And, and he told this story better than anybody. And Katie Bumble said, Britney's father left a deep impression on me.


May all daughters have a dad who loves them this much. I mean his pain was so palpable. I mean we're around Yeah. For what we do. Yeah. A lot of victims. But this was so different. Like, like you felt it, you almost took it on yourself. Mm. So onto Bryce, the killer Nancy Carol Harvey on Facebook said, I knew right away Bryce did it. Talking about the cowboy hat and the truck. There are so many of the same color truck in that town. And cowboys That definitely set investigators off on a whole other path, which they I mean.


I mean if you were JT and you lived in Elco County, you probably were getting investigated. So I mean, i, it it That wasn a clue just broad enough to guarantee a lot of investigator hours. It's the land of F1 fifties. Yeah. And cowboy hats. Yeah. Yeah. It's cowboy country. I think people around here forget that there's a whole other world out there in America. You know, there's, there's places where there's not Starbucks on every corner. That's Josh found Starbucks in town. I did find That wasn, actually. Okay, maybe There's one on the corner. It wasn't actually a Starbucks. I think That wasn a That wasn for Starbucks type place. One of our cameraman, like coffee aficionado.


This is obviously a sidebar, but so every place you go, he finds the little specialty roaster place. Yeah. I mean, that's the thing there, there isn't a Starbucks in every town, but, and you Don't need a Starbucks if they have these little cute specialty coffee places. But there are places that serve coffee and I will find that. Yeah. Okay. This is from the Dateline team. Brittany's main hobby was horseback riding, and she loved the rodeo. Of course, during the show, we asked viewers what their favorite hobby was as a teenager. We got all kinds of answers. But we wanna know, Josh and Anne, what were your favorite hobbies as teenagers? And do you still do them today? Anne? You go first.


I, I, this question is like underlies how much of a dork I was. I watched a lot of tv. I read, Oh gosh, me too. Wonder Why we're in this position. My parents hated it too, by the way. I don't know about you. My parents were like, stop watching tv. No I mean I was Gen X and a little bit latchkey. So again, love Boat reruns and Magnum Pi were my, my Jams. Absolutely. Yeah. I remember one of my favorite hobbies was watching Keith on television when I was a small child. So that was a Wait, when, wait, are you joking? Or you mean when he was an anchor in la? No, I mean when I, I'm joking, when I, when I grew up, I read a lot.


I'm still doing that. I watched a lot of television. I watched a lot of crime dramas on television. Kinda like too. Me too, me too. My mom used to say to me, you know, Josh television is not a life, you know. Well, wrong again, mom. It's wrong again. Okay. To all of our parents. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Well, on that note, thank you, Anne, for joining us today. That was a nice special treat. Thank you for having me. Thank you Josh as well for sharing all your insights into this episode. Thank you guys. Okay. And that is Talking Dateline for this week. Remember, if you have any questions for us about stories or about Dateline, you can reach out to us on social media at Dateline NBC.


Also, be sure to check out the newest season of our podcast, Dateline Missing in America, featuring missing person cases brought to our attention by our followers on social media. Listen to the first episode now, wherever you get your podcasts and see you Fridays on Dateline on NBC.


Tillamook Chocolate Collection Ice cream is a total chocolate game changer. We start with unbelievably creamy, dark chocolate ice cream. Then we add different chocolate treats, like chocolate cookies, chocolate cake or chocolate brownies to make four decadent chocolate flavors. Because sometimes the thing that pairs best with chocolate is more chocolate. Tillamook Chocolate Collection ice cream, extraordinary dairy.