
Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. The shop pay feature even boosts conversions up to 50%. So if you're into growing your business, your commerce platform better be ready to sell. Wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling, upgrade your business and Get the same. Checkout top brands like Allbirds. Use Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash podcast free all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash podcast free to upgrade your selling today.


Out of nowhere there, That wasn, sudden shocking, terrifying I have Never In my life. Felt fear Like that. Was this someone's idea of a sick prank or was it a horror movie Come horribly alive? I'm thinking He killed him. I need to film the Murder. I'm Keith Morrison and this is Dateline's newest podcast, the Man In the Black Mask. Listen for free each week or unlock new episodes early and enjoy ad free listening by subscribing to Dateline Premium on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or dateline premium.com. Hi Everybody, it's s Josh Owt. And we're Talking Dateline today with Keith Morrison, somber looking Keith Morrison.


So I'm not a somber, I'm perfectly happy content to be here. I couldn be a hundred other places and Here I am Hmm. With you. Perhaps you couldn. Perhaps you couldn supply us with a list of those places later. Yeah. So this episode is called Down, the Rabbit Hole. And it is the story of the 2012 murder of Maryanne Murphy In. Her home In, humble Texas and the twists and turns. And from What I can discern roughly one gillion lies that led detectives to her killers. Now if you have not listened to the broadcast yet, It is the episode right below this one on the list of podcasts That You just chose from.


So go there and listen to It or if you wanna watch It on tv, You can stream It on Peacock and then come back Here. Now, today Keith has an extra clip that he's gonna play for us from the jailhouse phone calls. Part of this, Oh boy, that's the good Part. And also like many other things, In this story very hard to believe. And then Keith and I are also gonna answer some of your questions about the broadcast from social media. So stick around for that. So let's talk Dateline. Okay, so, so let, let's start at the top from the beginning. Wa watching this I I was thinking, man, I I hope, like this feels so obviously like it's gonna turn out.


Kerry killed her mom and lied about everything else. And I'm thinking like, how you gonna do that for two hours? 'cause like I already suspect her In like the first 10 minutes, right? You're just A suspicious guy. That wasn, All I am a suspicious guy. I like Another guy confessed to it. So why should, why should we say She did it Well before, before That, I was just thinking like, it's so obviously her, right? But then it's just one twist after another. Yeah. Yeah. And one crazy lie after another I lost track. I didn't even try to count 'em all because there were That wasn one after another after another. And I mean and May, it's 'cause we've been doing this for such a long time. But I mean when I see things like the note left In the house and I ran outside.


'cause my mom is, you know, being killed and I slip on a piece of paper on the lawn and I pick it up, right? That's right. That. The minute I heard That, I'm like, okay, Well, she's obviously involved. Yeah, Exactly. 'cause that is too much storytelling, which is a trap a lot of people end up falling into. You're talking too much. What, it seemed to me to be, was evidence that more than one person was doing this planning. They came up with ideas and okay, if that idea doesn't work, then do this. You know, if Zane was not part of this and He wasn't right, then Kerry had No way of knowing that He was gonna cop to this. She must have thought, wow, this is my lucky day.


This I believe she did think that yes, This guy I lied about is actually going along with the lie. Yeah, go figure it. Right? I mean I mean He kind. But Guy didn't do it. He kind of talked himself into the jailhouse. I mean He did. Yeah, He did. But his, his family knew That very day that He couldn't possibly have Done it and told the police So, and provided proof. That He was actually at home playing a video game. You try to sort of explain it to the audience, but I still don't Get it. Like why did He lie? Why did Zane confess to this when Well He actually He didn't do it. He knew He didn't do it. What was his relationship w wi with Carrie. I mean was He trying to take the heat off her What was going on. Yeah.


Strangest darn thing. Again, this is all spoilers, right? But Kerry was claiming that Zane was stalking her. That Zane was obsessed with her. Zane had No idea. What she was talking about because Well 'cause It, it felt from the beginning, like the stalking story was something That she set up In advance to to be an alibi. Yeah, it's All bs. So, but they put him In front of a, a, a questioner and He denied, denied, deny, deny He had anything to do with this. And then they took him into the polygraph machine. And all That is recorded is that He failed the test failed it miserably. But also, interestingly enough, the person who actually committed the crime passed the test. So That might tell you something about Polygraphy Well, it does Wet know how hard He was pushed.


We do know, however, that when He was picked up and brought In for questioning That wasn, the That wasn the task force that picked him up. And He was terrified when He was pulled out of the house and taken down to the station. But presumably one of the questions That He that That That He was asked was, you know, were you There when Marianne was killed? Do you have anything to do with this? Do you have any knowledge of the planning? You know were You, were you, you know, I mean, and we've talked about this before. Frequently polygraphs are at their most useful when people refuse to take them because that generally is taken by law enforcement or can be taken as a sort of sign that they, they're they're hiding something. And people, some of these people willingness to take polygraphs Exactly the same thing. Like, that's a good sign.


What He was up to I, literally do not understand I mean. Was this a case of police pressing too hard? Because sometimes, you know, particularly with, with kids or people who are not veterans of the criminal justice system, false confessions are easier to Get. Zane is actually a perfect example of the per of the kind of person who tends to confess falsely. He was vulnerable without a doubt. But the all indications were that the initial interrogation was not the sort of harsh thing that would lead somebody, even a vulnerable person to falsely confess. And because, you know, they had to wait to be sure That, they couldn undo that confession and mean.


This brings up another subject. That, you know, once a person, once usually a young person has confessed to a crime, even if the police are aware that That confession is false within hours of It being made No, it's like a, it's like a boulder coming downhill. Oh, Absolutely. And it takes a long, long time and a lot of legal bouncing around before finally they can Get the confession wiped. So many people need to hear when they are facing interrogation by police is one, retain legal counsel. And two, try not to tell multiple and conflicting stories. Well, that's, those are two very good pieces of advice. I I will never understand why people feel the need just because they're put In a room surrounded by a couple of detectives to, to answer every question.


You say, whoa, I'm, I'm pretty scared. I want my lawyer Here to help me. And Right. So why, who are You talking to? Who are you blowing a kiss to? That wasn my delightful and charming wife who just brought me a beautiful big cup of tea. She's the best. Tell her a Why She's that. Yes. Yeah, I'll do That. Yeah. Yeah. Why she puts up with you. We literally don't, there aren't enough talking datelines to explain No. Probably not No. I mean I I. I've never understood why and I mean I've stopped asking because, you know, if as long as she's There, that's the main thing. Hard To understand. Alright, back to back to the story.


One of the things I thought really worked, In. This was showing the detective going back to the house at night, looking around now obviously That was not Done at the time of the murder. How do we make That work? Well The, the new family living In the house was happy to help, which is not something You always run into for sure. No frequently, they don't want You There. Yeah, Of course. And I and who can blame them, right? They don't want the news spreading around even more than it might already be. And there is a location fee involved of course, but the question remains, why do some people feel comfortable living In a house where such a heinous crime has occurred and other people don't. Just an interesting little quirk about human nature. I Dunno, What. The answer is, When we come back, we have an extra clip from Rebecca and Carrie's jailhouse phone calls.


Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. The shop pay feature even boosts conversions up to 50%. So if you're into growing your business, your commerce platform better be ready to sell. Wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling, upgrade your business and Get the same checkout top brands like Allbirds. Use sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash podcast free all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash podcast free to upgrade your selling today.


For True Crime fans, nothing is more chilling than watching Dateline. Have you ever Seen such a thing before For podcast fans? Nothing is more chilling than listening. What Goes through your mind when You make a discovery like That. And when you subscribe to Dateline Premium, It gets even better. Excuse me, I I sound a little skeptical. Every episode is ad free. Oh Wow. So this couldn be your ace In the Hole, and not just ad free You also Get early access to new intriguing mysteries and exclusive bonus content. So What, were you afraid of Dateline Premium? Subscribe now on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or dateline premium.com. You ready for what's coming?


They were sweet little old ladies, Helen and Olga, their mission to Get homeless men off the street and then one day tragedy. Why are we telling you this Well? We've covered many plots over the years, but nothing quite like this. I'm Keith Morrison. Think you've heard everyday line story? Think again. Listen to the thing about Helen and Olga and a dozen other riveting series. When You follow the Dateline Originals podcast.


Some stories are like You know stories that go back centuries. This one really was a version of a Shakespeare play. This couldn be a Shakespeare play because it's Romeo and Juliet with a different outcome. But all the, all the kind of the side characters and the, and the little avenues you go down That are false trails. The rabbit holes are there and but In a way that they would be In a Shakespearean play. It's a tragedy clearly, but just fascinating to see. What, the details were human beings don't change all That much over the centuries. In some particular ways Were you able to tell, like Exactly, when Carrie's relationship with her mother went sort of not just bad, but homicidally bad.


I mean how long before Marianne was killed, I got the distinct impression that That wasn when Deputy Hooper came over to arrest the girlfriend Rebecca and take her downtown and, and charge her. That at that point That wasn going to be all out war. And the the planning began, this is the most shocking part of it all, that a daughter can actually Get together with somebody else and plan to commit a crime of That sort. And then as she admitted at the, at the tail end of things, something Rebecca apparently didn't even know is That. She was right There watching the whole thing go down There.


Clearly there was some agreement That the I'll do the crime and you don't have to be there. But Then she did. Although then she did. And the other thing about That wasn that after professing their love to each other, Hundreds and Hundreds and Hundreds of times on this, on the, on these phone calls from jail, that particular young woman, Carrie, was quite naive about What law enforcement might In the end do and went on living her life. I mean she just, the the atrocity which would com had been committed did not seem to matter a whole lot To her. Well I don't like the, you know, I'm No psychologist and I don't like to throw around words like sociopath. But she clearly understood that difference between right and wrong. But, but What she was facing, she did not seem to understand and It did not seem to bother her at all.


That. She had Done That to her own mother. They still felt That. They couldn Get out of it. Somehow their conversations, their jailhouse conversations, which were I mean phenomenally. The, the I can only imagine being one of the police officers listening to them. But they seemed to know enough that they had to cover their tracks most of the time. And they only leaked occasionally. But of course the occasional leak is all they need to find out. What, they need to find out. That Wasn that recorded phone. Call That sort of led prosecutors to think to themselves, okay, this is it. We can go ahead now. Yes, they'd been waiting for something just like that.


They'd been waiting for That moment when it There would be a conscious knowledge of What. They had Done expressed over the telephone In such a way That. They couldn play That In court. And a jury would say, oh yes, I can see now What happened here and find them guilty. They didn't have to go that far. In the end, but That wasn why they were waiting, they were waiting for That for a long time. This feels like a good place to listen to the extra sound. That we have. This did not make the episode. Yeah, this occurred when Rebecca was locked up and Carrie was out on bond. And there's a couple of pieces of sound here. In the first Carrie's talking about how she protected Rebecca when, when her mom, when Maryanne caught them In the house and In the second they're discussing how prosecutors offered them a deal that they don't wanna take.


So let's listen to those Like What. My mom tried to hurt you when we were In the bathroom and she kept like I told You to back up In the corner or like I moved you behind me and you was like, you kept trying to push yourself. In front of me and I told my mom That, she wasn't gonna touch You. Remember? Oh yeah. That right before you she called the cops. Yeah, I I was like, you're not gonna touch her. She's like, oh yeah, you love her. I was like, yeah, she wasn't gonna lay a hand on you. She was I to go through me. See how protection I am of You, Jesus Christ, since we're so young, they're trying to offer us so much time to try and make a confession.


Basically saying, okay, Well, if you make a confession, we'll cut your time. In half. So they're trying to play us, but it's not working. Well. It's not because we're a lot smarter than What. They think they w we are Yeah. A lot smarter than police. Yeah. Yeah. The police rely on that You know others thinking That, they're smarter than the cops. Yeah. You've seen it a ton of times. I've seen it a ton of times where, where a good detective will allow him or herself to be seen as kind of a dope. It's the Colombo approach. I guess. And it puts people at ease and then they Get the impression That, they're the smart one. In the room. I gotta say it is hearing a defendant say, yeah, we're a lot smarter than the cops.


Mm. On a, on a phone. Call, That the cops are listening to and recording. Yeah. Yeah. I think the Yeah, that's right. I think I think we know the answer to that. You know, one of the things is kinda a larger thing. That came outta this for me was the sort of the way that lying is perceived now. You know, lying used to be something That was inherently shameful, you know, like George Washington couldn't tell a lie. Right? Today people can't tell the difference and It doesn't matter and the Not mattering is disturbing. Yeah. The people involved In this particularly Carrie and Rebecca seem to like carry In particularly, it doesn't matter.


Like I'll say whatever I wanna say, if it'll Get me out of It. Yeah, that's right. And her brother, by the way, was very slow to accept that. And, and It breaks his heart even to talk about It. Now I thought He was a great character and I thought you did a great job with him. And I loved how you couldn sort of see him evolve along with her stories evolving at through the entire episode because, you know, He starts out like I I know her. This couldn never have happened. And at the end, He is like I I barely have any contact with her because of What. She did. And we've covered plenty of family members who will not accept What was proven In court and admitted on wiretaps and testified to, but he's not one of 'em.


He, He He knows what's out. There. It's like a bomb went off In that family and It and it's often the case when a, when a murder occurs, It just the whole thing comes apart. His father is In an institution. His sister is In prison for a very long time. His mother is dead, he's trying to build a life, but he's the only one left. And He has all that emotional baggage to carry around. So I felt for that guy a lot. I s love the way That You guys ended the episode, which was talking about her like Hey. Look, let's be clear on a couple of things. Like those last few minutes of her life, That was not her life and Right, you know, That, she had this whole other life and she was A-A-A-A-A wife and a mom and a and a daughter and a friends and I You know one of the things That gets lost sometimes In coverage of murders is who the victim was on, on all the days that the crime wasn't committed.


And and I think that's important because I, I, I think that's I agree a bigger part of their life than just the way they died. Absolutely true. Yeah. That's quite right. After the break, we are gonna come back and answer some of your questions from social media. Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. The shop pay feature even boosts conversions up to 50%. So if you're into growing your business, your commerce platform better be ready to sell Wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling, upgrade your business and Get the same checkout top brands like Allbirds. Use Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash podcast free all lowercase.


Go to Shopify dot com slash podcast free to upgrade your selling today.


Hey guys, Willie Geist here reminding you to check out the Sunday Sitdown podcast on this week's s episode. episode Get. Together with Stephen Colbert, of course, the host of The Late Show on CBS and now a cookbook author. We talk about his rise through comedy and yes, some family recipes from Charleston, South Carolina, You can Get our conversation now for free wherever You download your podcasts casts


Okay. Onto social media. Sure. Very interesting that the, the first question on social media is from our friends, anxiety fries Kim, who we love. And it's about do You have your big boy pants on? Yeah. She says I can't think of a worse way to tell your son his mother is dead. And I gotta tell you, I can't either. That is not In any parenting notebook or a handbook. That, I'm aware of No. It did not surprise the son though because It didn't, didn't surprise Scott at all. That's kind of the way his, his dad would communicate. He was an interesting dude, a loving man who had trouble expressing it. A person who ha was happy to be married to Maryanne but had a drinking problem. They, they'd had some issues In their marriage, but really deep down He was happy to be where He was.


And as it turned out, not being able to be where He was not having his wife anymore was too much for him. He couldn't take it. Hey I, I thought I I when He said, when Scott quoted him as saying, I can fix a lot of things, but I can't fix this. That was just heartbreaking. That wasn. Yeah. And on the other side of Deploring, his comment about, do you have your big boy pants on his Bobby G 62 says, It sounds like Dad had good advice that night, which is true. In That Sense, which was a a a a torrent of bad news was coming. So I I. Think I guess the audience had some mixed emotions on that favorite Auntie Jen tells us, she says, I heard one line from the daughter and I started putting my money on her as the killer No affect emotion.


No tears In an interview right after your mother is brutally murdered. She seemed unaware. That investigators are gonna be looking not just at her words, but everything else about her as she tells that story. Yeah, She and Deputy Hooper would be on the same page there. Here's a, here's an interesting question that came In from Instagram. It's from Mely. Mela Mel Melly. M-E-L-Y-O-P-L-E-A. But, and said I need to know if Josh and Keith don't Get along on the podcast. It sounds like playful animosity with an underneath layer of disdain.


I would object to That bingo. I would object to that very strongly. It's not an underlying layer of disdain. It's disdain. It's disdain. Yeah. Well. Now I mean gonna tell Rise above it. I mean character. I mean character Will out. Now I'm gonna tell a secret, which is Oh, Oh boy. Yeah, you're gonna hate this Everybody on Dateline Everybody camera crew producers, aps Everybody Everybody loves Keith and I'm No different. I do too. I mean. Yeah. That's about the nicest thing anybody's ever said to me. And that is Talking Dateline for this week. Wow, Keith, thank you. Thanks Everybody for listening. Remember, if you have any questions for us about anything on the broadcast, any of our stories or any cases That You think we should cover, you can reach out to us on social at at Dateline NBC.


See you Fridays on Dateline on NBC. And remember to listen to Keith's all new podcast, which is called The Man In, the Black Mask. Yeah. Or, or Josh. Say it correctly. The Man In The Black Mask. Okay. I, Don't have your voice. Okay. But let me do my best I try to listen to Keith's new podcast. The Man In, the Black Mask. Well. Yeah. Yeah. The first two episode are available. Listen to go back To your usual style. Now I'm gonna go back to that first two episodes are available to listen to for free, wherever you Get your podcasts.


Friday night on an all new Dateline, She has put my family through hell to save herself. I felt like I was living In a nightmare. The case against Karen Reed isn't over. There's something else going on here. This Is big. It's Big. An all new Dateline Friday night at nine eight Central. Only on NBC.