
When you think about businesses that are selling through the roof, like Allbirds or Magic Spoon, sure you think about a great product, a cool brand, and brilliant marketing. But an often overlooked secret is the businesses behind the business making, selling, and for shoppers buying simple for millions of businesses that business is Shopify. Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. And here's the not so secret. Secret. The Shop pay feature boosts conversions up to 50%. That means way less carts going abandoned and way more sales going. Shopify will help you make sure your commerce platform is ready to sell. Wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling on the web, in your store, in their feed, and everywhere in between, upgrade your business and get the same checkout Allbirds uses. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash pandora. All lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash pandora to upgrade your selling today. That's Shopify dot com slash pandora.


Hi everybody, I am Josh Markowitz. And we are Talking Dateline. And today our guest is Dennis Murphy. Hi Dennis. Hey bud. How are you? Good. Good to hear you. So this episode is called Shining Star, and if you haven't seen it, it's the episode right below this one on your Dateline Podcast feed. So go there, listen to it, or go to Peacock and watch it on tv. And then come back here. Now for this docking Dateline, we have a special interview with Chiquita sister, Danita Tate to see how she's been doing and how her family's been doing since all of this happened. Just a little recap. When, when Jaquita Tate was found stabbed to death in her law office in Baton Rouge, she was a criminal defense attorney.


Investigators pursued a number of leads and everything ended up pointing right back to her husband Greg Harris. So let's talk Dateline. So on almost any other episode of Dateline Chiquita would've been sitting in a chair across from you, because that's the kind of person we end up interviewing. Josh. I'm thinking the same thing. I mean. Here's a very accomplished, promising young rising criminal defense attorney. And I could see a plausible dateline where she would've been the person in the chair telling us about defending her guy and being posed against prem burns who you meet in the story was a prosecutor, could have happened, but a twist of fate. Put her in the, the role of the victim of a Dateline story.


But she could well have been the guest expert in the defense chair. I I love that you found a clip of her sort of just talking about some case with reporters outside the courthouse. Like, like clearly she did that all the time. Yeah, I think I got a more sense of her personality, you know, from that one little clip. Yeah. This is an astonishing accomplishment story Josh I mean here. She was born in a family with a lot of kids and not much money, and she somehow lit her own fuse and rose up and got herself educated into college. The first in her family and then into law school. And a really promising rising attorney in the, in the criminal defense ranks in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, Which is why we called this episode Shining Star.


Which she absolutely was. Yeah. Not just in the eyes of her family, but to, to everybody who knew her. You know, sometimes I don't get why we named some of the episodes what we do, but not this one. Yeah. Shining Star really captures what this whole thing was about. I think that's true. And I also think that her, her past present and what would've been future clients lost a lot too. Yeah, Exactly. 'cause she clearly knew what she was doing. Parenthetically, we could do an entire Talking Dateline just about episode titles. And I would like to, I would like to suggest that we do that. How often are you stopped in the, in the airport and somebody said, you know, I really like that story Secret's a honeymoon Cove. And I have no idea what they're talking about. 'cause we didn't know it by that. When we're in the field, we don't call 'em those things.


I know. Like, like, I'm like, which one is that? Yeah, no, we should do an entire, we should do a bonus. Talking Dateline just about episode titles. Okay. Back to today's story. So the sense that you get right away is that, you know, she's working at her desk. Yeah. And it's sort of a blitz attack. Somebody just comes in and attacks her and there's this very quick, it looks like fight to the death, but also I mean those, those marks on the wall of her, you know, which is, I I think her blood, right. That's all just kind of horrifying. Just awful. Josh, she's stabbed more than 40 times. There's blood on the wall, there's blood everywhere. But interestingly not blood leading from the office to the elevator down to the street.


There wasn't a blood trail. And to this day, I don't understand how the killer could get in there and commit such horrible bloody mess and then not leave a a, a trail for the forensic guys to follow A, as a, as students of Dateline probably know when you stab somebody, particularly when you stab somebody that many times, there is a very good chance that you will get cut. And in any event, there's a very good chance that you'll get their blood on you. And in this case, I, I'm guessing that that did not happen because if Greg had some kind of a cut on his hand, that would've been in the broadcast and it wasn't. No, they did find blood at the house that became part of the forensic case. Right. But the say goodnight evidence was when they retrieved his sunglasses and they found intermingled blood, his and hers.


And that was, that was probably the best thing to show to a jury. Intermingled is not a, a word that you want to hear if you're criminal defense, if you're accused. No, that's, that's, that's harder to explain away. You know, we generally can't do stories or it's very difficult to do Dateline stories in which the obvious suspect ends up being the guilty party. Yeah. Like we really need some kind of arc to it. We need other theories of the crime or other suspects. And of course, and you know this, I don't know if our audience does, like, we can't make that up. We can't say the next door neighbor was a suspect. If they weren't No, No, no, there's no, there's no writer's room here. You can't go to the writer's room and say, what do you think, guys? Let's go around. Right? But in this case, there certainly were other suspects.


And, and Greg gave them all to us. This thing is riddled with misdirection, starting with a, in her left hand, a clump of hair, which turned out to be hair from a woman's weave, an extension. So what's that about? That she yank that from her killer's head, meaning the killer is female. That took a long time to explore. Also, her wallet is missing and that ends up getting, tossed out the window apparently on a very bad street in Baton Rouge and Prem. The prosecutor, I think probably spun that as well as in a very plausible way. Look, the killer has thrown away her wallet. And if somebody picks it up and he's off to the mall spending money, the cops arrive and say, we're gonna take you down as good for her murder.


That didn't happen because the person who did in fact recover that stolen wallet was someone who knew Chiquita, Which is an unbelievable stroke of locket. Josh, I want to give a shout out to the two detectives here. Right. They ran down different theories. They ran down the hair, they ran down the wallet, and there's as, as a card carrying Murphy. I want to invoke Murphy's Law here. 'cause I think I can be an expert on it. I Didn't realize that was you, but go ahead. There's surveillance Cams, street cams in, in downtown Baton Rouge, except this building, Murphy's Law kicked in, which as you know, is anything that can go wrong will go wrong because the camera that was directly over the front door looking down at the killer, coming and leaving didn't work that day. I just wanna say, if I'd grown up with the name Murphy, I would be like adding to Murphy's Law, like weekly.


I would be like, well, that's just Murphy's Law of dating. Why she didn't call me back. Right. That's Murphy's Law of Pizza. Why I got pepperoni when I didn't want it. Yeah. I would be, I would be all over that. And usually involves vehicles if something happens in a car, you know. Right. There you go. The cops did a really thorough job here. Yeah. I mean, look, you know, street cams, traffic cams, doorbell cams, I mean, that's, that's changed. Law enforcement. One of the things that veteran homicide detectives talk about is how those things have become crutches and substitutes for actually getting in the room and getting somebody to talk. And in this case, you know, the absence of that camera, which might have given them a giant clue, Could have solved it and won.


Right. And remember, it's a large universe of possible suspects. She was a criminal defense attorney. She was, you know, representing some of the, the really bad people in, in her region. Did one of them find a reason to come back and kill her? I mean all of that stuff was, was, was in Play. And then the, the whispered call about, about her being in a lesbian love triangle, which I'm thinking no one who knew her really gave any credence to no, In her practice. She had, she had helped the same sex couple with the adoption of their child. And the allegation is that something went wrong. There was jealousy and Chiquita was part of it. Absolutely not true. But they ran down credit again to law enforcement there in Baton Rouge.


They went all the way to Texas to find the anonymous caller who put that call in and who does it turn out to be? But the husband's sister, It's good police work. One because it disproves that theory. But second, because it does not allow a defense attorney to later say in court, wait a minute, you got a tips a tip saying That wasn this and you didn't pay any attention to it. You know, That, wasn, That wasn a really well buttoned up case. Okay, when we get back what Greg Harris's family had to say about the convicted killer, and that might surprise you


When you think about businesses that are selling through the roof, like all birds are. Magic spoon. Sure you think about a great product, a cool brand, and brilliant marketing. But an often overlooked secret is the businesses behind the business making, selling. And for shoppers buying simple for millions of businesses that business is Shopify. Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. And here's the not so secret, secret. The shop pay feature boosts conversions up to 50%. That means way less carts going abandoned and way more sales going. Shopify will help you make sure your commerce platform is ready to sell. Wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling on the web and your store, in their feed and everywhere in between, upgrade your business and get the same checkout Allbirds uses. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash pandora, all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash pandora to upgrade your selling today. That's Shopify dot com slash pandora.


The air hung heavy in the courtroom. The people pressed shoulder to shoulder. They'd heard the gossip and the whispers about a family teaming with passion and hate about a mysterious disappearance and a pile of bones found burning in a lime pit. And now they wanted to know what really happened, but even they were not prepared for the story that came spilling out the secrets, the lies, the confessions, and the ending So unimaginable. And now you will hear it too. The Dead Alive A Morrison Mysteries a true story that became a classic novel. Listen now, wherever you get your podcasts,


Hey guys, Willie Geist here reminding you to check out the Sunday Sit Down podcast. On this week's episode, I get together with Don Cheadle to talk about a prolific career that ranges from Oscar worthy drama to the big budget fun of an Ocean's 11 heist and a spin through the Marvel universe, plus his buzzed about new series Fight Night. You can get our conversation now for re wherever you download your podcasts.


The 10 Commandments is not in effect in a police interview room. They can and do lie to people controversial, but in this case, they, they did a, a real poker bluff on their main suspect, the husband, when he was in their police interview room. So the story, the question to him in the interview room is, so what, what'd you do after you left her office? He said, I went home. And they said, well, what route? He says, what do you mean what route? I went home and they said, you know, you have telephones and it records your route. We can see where you were. They didn't know, but they said, you didn't go home the way you say you did. When's the last time you went to guard Guardia Lane, where the wallet was retrieved? And he, he walks right into it.


Josh He says, oh, well I was there last night, you know, and there the cops just fallen off the chairs. I mean this is a, this is a bluff that has Paid off. No, that, that was a great moment. You know, in, in other countries, in in, in Great Britain, for example, you can't lie to suspects. Police cannot lie to suspects. Well, they, they did it here and it really helped them button up their whole case. 'cause That wasn coming back to the husband. I mean ultimately he got caught. But this feels like a killer who had, he's watched a lot of true crime. Yeah. This guy knows how police operate, maybe in part because his wife lived in that world. He knows, like, you find hair, you know, in the victim's hand, like that's a lead. You get a tip that the, she's involved with somebody else that's a lead.


The wallet's found in some bad part of town, police are gonna go after that. I mean This was in, in some ways thoughtfully planned out. His family, the, the accused, they came forward and they thought that there was no way this guy could have done it. The father, the brother. That even though you're told by the prosecutor who this guy was, they see Jekyll not hy or whichever one is the bad guy. They, they, they do not see that person. And it becomes persuasive when you talk to them. Say, this can't be Greg. I, I really liked, I really liked Greg's family and you know, we obviously, both of us see a lot of families in that situation in which they're sort of forced to examine whether somebody that they have always loved and trusted is in fact somebody different than the person that they, they they knew or that they thought they knew.


And you see families rally around people like that sometimes. And sometimes you see them like they will not talk. Yeah. I I thought, I thought that his family actually did him a lot of good because I mean, I think they really kind of made him, made it seem like, wait, this really would've been outta character for him. They did. And in the moment when talking to him, I was thinking, man, I hope this guy didn't do it. We knew at that point, That, wasn all history because he was done and sent away. Right. But I, I was, I was hoping that the theory of the case was gonna be wrong because the family was so persuasive that it's not our kid. Yeah. But then you come back to all of the evidence and, and it is him.


Did, did Greg know about that recording that was found of the two of them having the fight? Was he aware of that? Good question. I don't know. That becomes another part of the circumstantial case because cops retrieve a cassette or something, a recording of of, of Greg of the husband and the wife having words. They're talking about splitting the sheets and angry words. And then as, as they pursued it further, of course they find courtroom docs about violence complaints. Yeah. They had stories from, they had stories from other women in his life with that dreaded Dateline word, Josh. Controlling. Controlling when I think we heard that word. Yeah. I controlling, I've circled that on my pad here.


When Yeah, when, when, when you hear that on Dateline, generally that's your suspect Run. Don't walk. Yeah. I'm now about to contradict something I just said because I said earlier that this was sort of a thoughtful killer who had, who had, you know, clearly seen a lot of true crime because he knew how to lead false trails for investigators. On the other hand, Now that I think about it, one of the things that cops are gonna do in any investigation, they're gonna find out, you know, where you live and they're gonna look for previous law enforcement contact at that address and, and what that was for and what the neighbors say and whether there's any court cases pending and what legal documents there are. And all of that's gonna come up.


What's gonna come up is, and, And by and by the way, Chiquita had just taken out a lease on a new apartment. Right. She was gonna be Out of there and, and, and that's all gonna be discoverable by investigators. What's Baton Rouge like? And also that space that you shot in that, that giant barn that looked great, that looked very cool. That's the kind of place I love to shoot in. 'cause it got a lot of room. Yeah. Baton Rouge of course is a river town and it, it's a wonderful old place. And we had some wonderful poor boys made with oysters of all things. So the, the food was good. The town, the people were very gracious to us and we found this old place to, to do the interview. You know, our crews arrive with a lot of stuff. It's like they're setting up the rolling Stones on stage. We got guys pulling stuff outta Suburbans Lake kits, cameras, gears room, And we need a lot room Up.


We need a lot of sprawling space. Yeah. And we found an antique warehouse that gave us just that. And to sort of change things around between interviews. The guys would go poking around in the antiques where they'd move this stuff and come up with a table or a lampshade or something, you know, when I first got there, I i, we, we arrived at these stories from all points on the map. And I was coming over from Florida, I think, and Dorothy Newell, the producer, was coming down from the New York area and she got, she got on the ground first and I gave her a shout and she said, you know, I'm out here in the neighborhood where a lot of this stuff happened. Do you wanna come out? I said, sure. So Dorothy and I drove through the place, which was where Chiquita had come from and it wasn't grinding poverty, That wasn mixed, but That wasn helpful to see this, this, this neighborhood, a sense of place to me is always helpful in these things.


Well that's why to me, it's always helpful to go to the place where it happened. I mean, I I, I always wanna do that. I always wanna be in the city where it happened and, and then I wanna visit the, the scene. Lemme ask you a question. You know, you've, you've, you've given away a little dateline trick here, which is that we rent a, sometimes we rent a great big space. Sometimes it's an event space or sometimes it's some kind of unused office space or something. And then we use that space for all the interviews and we change the backgrounds. And what you need for that is some props frequently, which is stuff we, we find on the scene. One Crew had purchased what they called a banker's lamp, sort of the green shade thing, like a 19th century thing.


And it showed up in so many stories. I said, I said, Fred, where's the banker's lamp? He said, I can get it for you. Yeah, there's a, there's a, so Sometimes the guys carry props with 'em. There's A crew out here that has a table with them that has been the table between me and the interviewee in like a couple of dozen datelines. And it's very helpful 'cause I like to spread my notes out on the table. Is that gonna be the Dateline Merch Merch Store? It should be. We Absolutely should. Josh's table, We should sell the main table. I think it's a terrific idea. After the break, Dennis and I are gonna be joined by Chiqui's sister Denita Tate.


When you think about businesses that are selling through the roof, like Allbirds or Magic Spoon, sure you think about a great product, a cool brand, and brilliant marketing. But an often overlooked secret is the businesses behind the business making, selling and for shoppers buying simple for millions of businesses that business is Shopify. Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. And here's the not so secret, secret. The Shop pay feature boosts conversions up to 50%. That means way less carts going abandoned and way more sales going. Shopify will help you make sure your commerce platform is ready to sell. Wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling on the web, in your store, in their feed, and everywhere in between, upgrade your business and get the same checkout Allbirds uses. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash pandora, all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash pandora to upgrade. You're selling today. That's Shopify dot com slash pandora.


For true crime fans, nothing is more chilling than watching Dateline. Have you ever seen such a thing Before For podcast fans? Nothing is more chilling than listening. What goes Through your mind when you make a discovery like That and when you subscribe to Dateline Premium, it gets even better. Excuse me if I sound a little skeptical. Every episode is ad free. Oh wow. So this could be Your ace in the hole and not just ad free. You also get early access to new intriguing mysteries and exclusive bonus content. So What were you afraid of? Dateline Premium. Subscribe now on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or dateline premium.com.


You ready for what's coming?


How did a master cyber criminal and a Russian oligarch that ties to the Kremlin hack into America's financial system scamming millions C NBC presents the crimes of Putin's Traitor. Listen wherever you get your podcasts.


Well now we are joined by Danita Tate, who is Chiqui's sister, thank you so much for doing this. You're welcome, Danita. It is so good to see you. This is Dennis and it's been many years since we we talked. Yes sir. I Hope the years have all been good for you, but I know that you've had some painful time in there. You know what I was, I I just looked at the story again yesterday. We did this a while back and I'm still trying to understand how That wasn that that Chiquita big family, not much money. How she was able to light her own fuse and do everything she did and just get herself on the road that she did. Well Shakira always has been feisty Biggey wanna be in control and always right, Always right her way Or no way.


I like that word feisty. And I bet your family was as proud as they could be of her. Yes, We are That wasn. I still am. I still celebrate it. Let me ask you about an adage that you probably heard a lot of times over the years and that is time heals all wounds in your experience. Is that true? That is not true. I don't know who came up with that statement. Some days are just better than others. But the Warren is is like it constant reopens For me. It's never healed over, huh? No, it's never healed. Can can I, can I take you back to, to when she was killed, when that happened and you heard that, that that that she was dead. Was your first thought that That wasn Greg or did you, do you buy any of those other possible theories?


Well, At the time when you called me and I arrived at the office, no, I didn't believe it. That wasn hard to believe it. As a matter of fact, That wasn years before I accepted it and believed it. You thought what? He was a o okay guy, huh? Yes, I did. D Dunedin did you know there was trouble in the marriage? We Didn't find out until we got to court and that's when all the pieces started coming together. I always questioned what could I have done or why wasn't I there? But I, there's nothing we can do. And there was nothing you could do and you should not hold yourself responsible. This, this was all him and, and, and That wasn probably outta your hands and outta her hands too.


But that wasn't the end of your grief by a long shot, was it? No. End 'cause you lost yet another sister. Yes. Just last year. Tonja, huh? Am saying pronouncing her name right? Tonja. Yes. Denita. What happened to your sister? Well, I was told, I knew that she did like an aside part-time work, building an accountant for this therapist and his wife, you know, one times That wasn handicapped. And the lady, when she pulled up, the lady usually comes out and help her out of the truck. I was told when the lady walked out and made it to the door of the truck to help her out, somebody walked up and shot the lady in the back of her vehicle and my sister was hit, bullied, went through her shoulder and hit her neck and killed her.


That's Awful. Yes. Danita, you've become a victim in the most horrible way twice in your life. Yes. You've since taken on domestic violence as a cause. Yes. You get people organized, you speak to groups about domestic violence, about guns. Yes. Why did you do that? Or is it helping you? Well, it, it helps me. My whole thing is if someone is in that situation, I try to help them, give them knowledge of making a plan and letting them know that it, it is not your fault, you know, because I didn't understand until I started doing this motivational domestic violence speaking that a lot of these ladies and sometime men feel like it's their fault that they're doing something wrong.


This is why this is happening to them. So I try to motivate and encourage them and let them know that it is not your fault. Dita, I realize we're talking about what seriously open wounds for you. Scar tissue never formed here. Right. It's as painful, I think as That wasn the day it all happened. And appreciate you very much for sitting down with us and, and sharing this painful story. 'cause I think you, you are someone clearly who does help other people who need advice, who need to understand what might happen. Yeah. I I, I, I wanna thank you for coming on here and I think what you're doing is wonderful and I think your message to those women is exactly right, which is this is not your fault and you need to get out. Yes sir. Thank you. Thank you. Okay, so that is Talking Dateline for this week.


Before we go, I wanna say that if you or someone you know is experiencing domestic violence, you should call the National Domestic Violence Hotline at 1 807 9 9 7 2 3 3. Or you can text start S-T-A-R-T to 8 8 7 8 8 or you can visit www.thehotline.org. Dennis Murphy, thank you for joining us. Pleasure, Josh. We will be back with another episode next week. And until then, thanks. See you Fridays on Dateline, on NBC.