
The rural way of life is about making everyone feel at home. Tractor supply shows advanced 5G solutions from T-Mobile for business to transform intelligent customer service. Together we put the power of AI to work across 2200 stores, keeping things running seamlessly inside curbside and countryside. This is elevated customer experience. This is Tractor Supply with T-Mobile for business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash now


Spring's here. Flowers are blooming. Birds are singing and allergies. Yeah, they're back to sneezing, watery eyes when they hit. You need a tissue fast. That's where Kleenex ultra soft tissues comes in. Whether you're at home or on the go. Kleenex, ultra soft tissues. Have you covered Allergist approved Kleenex. Ultra soft tissues are gentle on your eyes and nose, so you can power through allergy season without missing a beat. Because while allergies are unpredictable, staying prepared is easy for whatever happens next, grab Kleenex.


Hey everyone, it's Dennis Murphy here and we are Talking Dateline Today. I'm pleased to say I'm joined by Keith Morrison to discuss his episode Secrets in the Midst. If you haven't listened to this episode yet, it's the episode two below this one on your Dateline Feed. So go there, listen to it and stream it on Peacock, and then come back here. Hey, Keith, it's good to see you. Always nice to be in your company. Good To see you, Dennis. A delight. I really enjoyed this story. I think of it as not so much as a who done it is, aren't they gonna be able to get him? But let's do a little recap before we talk about the spot. It's about 27-year-old Carol Luon. She vanished in the middle of the night, 1981. Her family imagined that she'd moved on and build herself a better life somewhere else.


But as years went by without hearing from Carol, those closest to her and investigators wondered if something far more sinister. It happened. Good old fashioned detective work and the social media app, Facebook finally took investigators to the killer. It turned out to be none other than Carol's husband, Mike, for this Talking Dateline, we have an extra clip from Keith's interview with Mike and Carol's son, Mike Jr. So let's dive in and talk. Dateline Keith, you know, I was, I was struck by how little the prosecutors had to work with here. Were you? Well, exactly, and this is one of the cases we did with a a Los Angeles, a DA named John Lewin. He specialized in and I think still does whenever he can in, you could call 'em high motive, low evidence cases.


I think he calls them that himself. So they're very difficult to prove no body case Sin. Cynical wisdom is no body, no crime. How are you going to present your case, right? If you can't persuasively tell the jury that in fact the victim is dead. That's exactly right. And, and in this case, the victim said several times she'd just leave and go off and live a different life with a different guy somewhere else. So there was every reason for her family to kind of overcome their worries and decide that she had just gone on to live a different life. And that's why it took so long to solve this case. But eventually, Lewin and his chief investigator, Jim Wallace, decided they were gonna take this on.


And, and Wallace was able to come up with this forensic idea where you put out a Facebook post and, and you know, when Carol disappeared back in 81 there, there wasn't such a thing as Facebook. No Facebook, no cell phones. This was a long time back. Right. This was a cold, cold case. Cold case. But, but in when 2009, 2010 when they were doing this investigation, they got the idea if they put something on Facebook and if she was around, somebody surely would respond to their Facebook post. Nobody did. And that was used as one of the pieces of evidence to prove that she was dead. That really was a leg of evidence in the trial. Exactly.


Keith, I think you and I are both great believers in having a sense of place for where the story is taking Yeah. Taking place. And, and you opened this one with very moody shots of the, of the water and fog and boats. Right. And of course, you don't reveal all about why the boat is there, but it's, it's a, you know, it's a visual tease, if I can put it that way. It's what it is. What's going to come down the line. You don't know why. You don't exactly know where. You just know that something's gonna happen out there and it's gonna be important to this story. And, you know, that's why we did it that way. We could have started in a number of ways. It just seemed like the appropriate way to begin this story.


Keith Set up the board for us a little. Who did these people turn out to be? Carol, Mike. Well, They, these were, this was a kind of a stalled, if I can put it that way, young man, kind of dependable. Carol's father liked him, liked him so much that he put him to work in his painting business and eventually gave him the painting business when he himself retired. So he, but he was a kind of a steady, easygoing sort of guy. And the family liked him a lot. And Carol was a, a beautiful, interesting, fascinating young woman who was bored with her life with Mike, and she was seeing other guys.


She was having flings here and flings there and threatening to leave. And one night she does, and then her water car is found at a, at a local bar known to be a right place where people meet, meet and mingle. Yes, precisely. Keith, I'm curious about how you did one bit of video business and that was locate an old fashioned car 40 years outta date. Right? An Audi fox was the make and model, The Audi fox In red, in red in color. And you guys, you guys found one. How did you come up with that? Well, that was Robert Dean, our, our producer, who was very effective at doing little things like that, that are tremendously important to do. But That wasn Yeah, I mean, finding an Audi fox, an old Audi fox That wasn, you know, That wasn good to have.


I think it, it illustrated what happened and, and how Mike tried to hide the crime by hiding the car or by putting the car in a place where she might have gone to meet somebody And did some business around the house too. I'm thinking of those kind of James Bond tricks of putting scotch tape over a drawer or a piece of paper in a door handle, or, well, yes, and it looked like she'd come back. There was some money taken from where, who else in that household? But Carol would've known that there were a few $20 bills to be found. So numbers of conspiracy theories were formed to suggest that in fact, she was coming back to kind of pick something up or sneak in for something and hiding and then leaving again.


Well, that of course was Mike, and he was, he was intentionally doing it to try to make it look like she was still alive, to try to throw suspicion if there was any off him. Mike was fairly open at first. Keith wasn't, he was talking to the authorities. Oh, yes. I mean, he presented well and, you know, he denied he had anything to do with it. And, and then these incidents would occur. And eventually most of the early investigators came to think that he wasn't, wasn't guilty, or at least they certainly couldn't prove that he was no forensics around the house they could use. So it went, it just, it just went cold. Okay. So if you've listened to the show cast, you know, Mike Luon eventually confessed to killing Carol.


But how did he go about telling his family? We have a clip from Keith's interview with his son, Mike Junior. When we get back,


When you're earning your degree, the right support can make a difference. That's why at Capella University, learning online doesn't mean learning alone. You'll get support from people who care about your success, including your dedicated academic coach who's available every step of the way. Whether you're working toward a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, you can learn confidently knowing you'll get Con Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


Okay. We each owe 15 bucks. Can you cover me? Payday can't come soon Enough. Haven't you heard with go to Bank Payday comes early plus no monthly fees with eligible direct deposits, which means more money for me. Wow, that sounds less like a bank and more like my new go-to. You Don't need a big bank making you feel small. You need a go-to tap to open a go-to bank account today. Early direct deposit availability depends on payer type, timing, payment instructions and bank fraud prevention measure. No monthly fees with eligible direct deposit, otherwise $5 per month.


High five Casino is the top social casino that's free to play. Sign up today to receive a free welcome bonus and exclusive first purchase offers. Choose the premium jackpot package for 29 99 and claim up to 700 gain coins. 55 sweeps coins, one sweeps coin daily bonus for five days and 400 diamonds. Your high five moment awaits at high five. casino.com. No purchase necessary. Board war prohibited by law must be 21 years or older terms and conditions apply.


Keith, when I, when I step back and I, when I think about Mike, he seems to be a guy who gets in trouble. The more the time goes by and the more that his story changes incrementally. And and detectives have a very finely tuned ear for a story that changes, don't they? They do. And that was, that was really, I think that was probably more important than any other piece of evidence. The fact that he, he would change his story in different times. He talked to the police, one Of the detectives said, look, I would think you would remember very well the last time you see your wife. And yet that story changed too. Was it in the bathtub? It did. Did he see her go to the garage? Did he see the taillights of her car as she left it? It changed bit by bit, didn't it?


It it changed with every storytelling And as much as anything else that seemed to catch him up. That's what got him convicted. Yes. I think That wasn that more than the Facebook stuff that got him convicted. And as you say that, I'm reminded that moment in the interview room where that prosecutor with such sharp ears picked up on the phrase Yeah, he'd suggested a scenario to him. You can do yourself some good, let's spill the story now and tell me what happened. And then Mike says, that isn't the way it happened. Well right the way, what didn't happen exactly like that. Are we talking about a murder here? Exactly. That's right. And he had, he had gotten his, his mix talked up Again, It's listening skills that make all the difference. Certainly good detective work here, huh? Yes.


Excellent. Detective work, that particular detective Jim Wallace has retired from police work and he's now, well, he, he, he sells Christian books. He talks about, oh, you know, using forensic evidence to determine the existence of God, that sort of thing. He's a isn't that, he's a very interesting guy. We have long discussions and arguments and disagreements all the time. Keith, let's go back to the trial itself. You had the in-laws, his former sister-in-law and others on the stand really seeming quite reluctant to be talking about him to a jury.


Were they clearly still like this guy? Exactly, Yes. Oh yes. He, he, he remained popular with the family for quite some time. That's what I find fascinating. Keith, he remained in good favor with the family all through these years that she was gone. Well, because they knew him and they said he was a good guy, a nice guy. He would never do such a thing. They had seen him with her over the years and he'd always been so good to her and so, you know, kind and non-threatening so they couldn't understand it. Keith, the Jury found him guilty. What was the sentencing and what happened as a result of that? Well, in 2000, he, That wasn 2013 when he was, when he was finally convicted and he was set, set away for 15 to life.


In the end, eventually Mike Luban confessed Lwin Again, telling the story differently and incrementally. Huh? Incrementally. But he eventually got to what Lewin believes is now the truth. They had an argument. He at first said he pushed her and she fell backwards into a coffee table and it killed her. Then finally he admitted, he punched her in the face and she again fell backwards into a coffee table. And the combination of a hard punch and hitting the table is what did It, there's an interesting backstory about how this confession is revealed to the family. And you had an interview with Mike Jr. And he told you that he had learned before other people had, can we listen to it now?


Yeah, I wish you would. What was it like when he confessed to you? Oh, I think That wasn, I, I was sad, but I was also, I relieved to finally hear this come out of his mouth. I had been thinking that for a long time. And so to finally hear it for sure, I was, I, I don't know the word I'm looking for, but I was okay. I mean, I was accepting it. He he wrote Letters right to members of your family or He wrote, my grandmother and my maternal aunt got letters, apol, you know, apologizing or kind kind of explaining what happened.


And then I think that's the only letters he wrote right away. And then Christmas was coming. So he wanted my sister and my brother and all the people had supported him to get through the holiday season before he sent Some in the family had a secret that they kept over Christmas, right? Yeah, I knew on December 17th, and I didn't tell anyone until maybe the first, I mean, I told my aunts they already knew then they got their letters later. But that was kind of a secret. Keith, what a, what an awful place this young man had found himself. Oh sure. His mother missing. No one knows exactly what's happened there. Suspicions, of course, about the husband, A father he loves, but he doesn't, doesn't know how much he can believe.


But I'll tell you what, interestingly enough, they, you know, he went through what he went through and, and they remain close to this day. We'll talk more about that after the break.


And now a credit building journey told through the majesty of music, here's what your credit sounds like before using the go-to bank secured Visa credit card. But with the go-to bank secured Visa credit card, you can use your card for everyday purchases. And when you make on time payments, your credit will start sounding like this. It's easy with no credit check, no annual fee and credit limits starting as low as $100. Building your credit is easier with a go-to in your corner. Open a go to bank account today. Fees, terms and conditions apply. See details@gotobank.com.


High five Casino is the top choice for social casino gaming. That's free to play with chances to win and redeem for real cash prizes, free spin rewards and tons of exclusive games. You can experience more high five moments than ever before. You are gonna wanna high five everyone, the neighbors, the mailman, all your coworkers, of course, your friends. Well you get the point. Your high five moment awaits@highfivecasino.com. No purchase necessary void. We prohibited by law must be 21 years older terms and conditions apply.


Dateline True Crime Weekly. Andrea Canning and the Dateline team cover breaking crime news around the country. And now a special series with daily updates from the trial of Sean Combs. I'll be talking to NBC news correspondent Chloe Malos every day after court about what she's seeing inside the witnesses, the evidence, and what it all means. Dateline True Crime Weekly. Listen now wherever you get your podcasts.


So Keith, Mike is outta prison. How did that happen? So he was convicted in what, 2013, but afterwards he applied for parole at the appropriate time and parole was denied. He had already been in in prison for some time. By that time, the prosecutor, the man who prosecuted John Lewin, found out about that and thought, well, you know, if anybody of the people I've convicted deserves to have parole, it's him because, you know, he's a good person. He just, every good person has a worst day. And in his case, his worst day was doing something really terrible. So, so this originated in the DA's office and not with an appellate lawyer.


It it, well, it, it wasn't appellate lawyer, but then the DA decided he was gonna go and support this plea for parole. So he went to the parole hearing and he said to the judge, this guy deserves to come out. He's done what he needs to do in prison. He, he would not be a danger to society, let him go with the judge, you know, seeing That wasn, a domestic violence case, denied parole. So Lewin was not happy. He went back to the next one. Eventually the governor denied clemency. Hmm. So finally Lewin was able to figure out a way to recharge him with voluntary manslaughter instead of murder.


And he was able to get him re-sentenced, which then allowed him to be released from prison. So he's been out for a couple of years now. Hmm. As you know, he is, he and his son are close again. The, he, he got, you know, he's getting work. He's, he's getting painting jobs again and he is living a, you know, he's living a good life. And I think a lot of people are surprised thinking of chapters that Mike Senior and Mike Jr. Would actually get extra chapters together, apparently. Well, right. Yeah, that's that's very true. Keith, I have to ask one question for your fans. You do a standup in this piece and you seem to be in front of the family house and you're leaning against a tree and people up up on that so much.


Here's Keith leaning again. Do you know that you have an Instagram file called Keith leans on things, trees, fence Posts? Somebody sent me this, somebody sent me this sign. One of the people who watches our show. So naturally I had to put it on the wall. You know, I'm reminded one time we were all together the Dateline Gang, and I think That wasn maybe a crime con or something. And you were asked this very question about leaning on things and, and you said, I I don't want to be one of those people pointing my fingers and gesticulating and walking. And there was a, a, a reason to your lean That that was the reason. Sure. That wasn be, and you'll see it even now. I think it's because I don't know why it is, honestly.


Maybe people just feel as if they have to act more and, or maybe they just talk with their hands. But the, the notion of, and, and you, you'd work with camera people who just assume you'd wanna do that. So they'd say, start your standup over here and then walk 30 feet as you're talking to me and you can use your hands as you're telling me the story because that was the normal way to do things. But I mean, if, if I'm having a conversation with you, I'm either sitting in one chair, you're sitting in another chair across the table and we're having coffee and you know, there's nobody's, you know, dancing around and walking back and forth as they telling Story, as a viewer and a great fan. I it totally works for you. It's a, it's a, it's a, it's a wonderful, and it it's not style.


It's, it's you talking to the, to the viewer. Yeah. It's a, that's the point. It's a, it's a one-on-one thing. There's one person watching. Maybe there are several million one persons, but they're all one person. Well, Keith, you pulled me all along. Congratulations to you and your team. This is a classic Dateline. This is one you can watch again. Well, thank you for saying so. You know, And I think we're gonna put a, put a bow on this for now. This has been Talking Dateline. And remember, if you have any questions for us about our stories or about Dateline, you can reach us 24 7 on social media at Dateline NBC. If you have a question for Talking Dateline, well this is kind of cool. You leave us a voicemail at 2 1 2 4 1 3 5 2 5 2, and you may be actually featured on a future episode.


Plus there's an all new season of Josh Markowitz's podcast Missing in America Out Now that series takes a deep dive into the country's most perplexing, unsolved, missing persons cases. Catch a new episode every Tuesday, wherever you get your podcast. Keith, my friend, good to be with you. Thanks everybody for listening to us. A delight to talk to you again, Dennis. You take good care of yourself.


That'll be 52 87. Oh No. Do I have enough in my bank account to cover that? Oh, please. Have enough. Okay, here we go. Does this panic at the register? Sound familiar? We've all been there, thankfully. Got to banks. Got you covered. That's right. You can get up to $200 in overdraft protection when you use your debit card from Gotto Bank because when you need backup the most, your go-tos got you. Tap to open an account today, opt-in required for overdraft protection fees, terms and conditions apply.