
Hi everyone, it's Blaine Alexander, and we are Talking Dateline. I'm joined today by Josh Menowitz to discuss his episode Under the Bay Bridge. Now, if you haven't seen it, it's the episode right below this one on your Dateline Podcast feed. So make sure to go there, listen to it, or stream it on Peacock and then come right back here. Now, just a recap. When Tech Executive Bob Lee was fatally stabbed in 2023 on the streets of San Francisco, concerns grew over violence in the city, investigators discovered that the crime was actually far more personal involving the suspected killer's sister allegations of sexual abuse and a rather convoluted theory of the potential motive.


Well, for this Talking Dateline, we also have an extra clip about the star witness in the trial, Kaza Memini, and what That wasn like for Bob Lee's brother, to watch her take the stand and defend the man accused of killing him. All right, Josh, let's talk Dateline, how you doing? I am good my friend. How are you doing? Good, good. Great to see you. So my first question, actually, th this one came to me as I was watching a lot of time in the Dateline world. Our stories don't necessarily make national news before we air them on Dateline. Right? Right. Like our, our audience is hearing about them for the very first time when we bring them the story. This was clearly the opposite. This is a story that I remember when it first happened. I remember watching it. We covered it so heavily on NBC.


How does that change your process, either the storytelling process or even just kind of, how does that impact when you're trying to get people to do interviews with you? Well, it makes booking interviews a little more difficult because when you're the only people covering a story, it's much easier to deal with the people that you're trying to book for an interview because they, they don't have a hundred other requests. But the thing that makes covering a national story on Dateline difficult is that it, it can sort of rob us of one of the things that we need for Dateline, which is sort of the suspense. So in this case, you have a certain base of knowledge out there among the public.


The thing that really I thought helped us in this is that, first of all, we, we, we covered the trial and we're airing pretty close after the trial ended. Yeah. That wasn just a couple of weeks ago. Yeah. And we have one more advantage, which is sort of what you thought, you, the viewer, what you thought when this happened turns out to be not really the story that was there. You know, a lot of people saw that video of Bob Lee stumbling around downtown San Francisco and then sort of didn't really connect with anything after that because, you know, just the general flow of news. But then remember, oh yeah, that guy got stabbed in San Francisco where crime is so terrible. That's sort of what, what people thought. And then it turns out, of course, it really wasn't that at all.


Well, let's talk about San Francisco. I mean, this really kind of provoked a very strong response about the city. It's fair to say that this kind of shook the area and people far beyond it as well. I Think a lot of people jumped to the conclusion that this had to do with the crime problem on the streets of downtown San Francisco. And it didn't. And you know, you talked about of course in the story that like he still had his wallet, he still had his watch. So that was pretty quickly kind of disproven. The Police certainly knew immediately that this wasn't a robbery, but they sort of, the, the police did an interesting thing, which is they kind of did not say anything to refute that part of the story saying, we don't really know what this is, but we're pretty sure what it's not. They didn't do that because what they were fine with was the idea of that story, the robbery stories just sort of sitting out there because they thought, well, whoever is responsible and we don't know who that is at this point, they're gonna think we're looking for, you know, downtown stickup men or something.


Right. And we aren't. And they'll let their guard down. Right. Right. Yeah. Right. That's what you want if you're doing an investigation. One thing that really stood out to me in this story, Josh, there was so much video. I mean, obviously we had yes, a video of him stumbling after he was stabbed. But the video of his final moments before that, I mean the, the, you know, accused killer allegedly demonstrating his crime, like all of these different things. Yeah. I mean, and then the police went out. They got all of this stuff. That's one of the first things that happens in an investigation. They were able to not just see where Bob was walking around before he collapsed and before the, the police and paramedics found him after his 9 1 1 call, but they sort of went back in time with on the video and they saw that white car, and then they follow that white car and it leads back to the Millennium Tower and the video gets progressively better of the car.


Like a as as they sort of go back in time. Like the first video at the crime scene is not so good. But then they see it a couple of blocks away heading toward the crime scene, you know, sort of going back in time. They're like, okay, that's a little better. They go back a little farther, they go to the Millennium Tower and that's pay dirt. Yeah. And you have this kind of rashon thing where they're walking outta the Millennium Tower, he and Nema. So the question is, what do you see when you see that video? Is that one guy who knows he's about to commit a murder, and the other guy who thinks the danger, whatever That wasn has passed, we're fine every time we fine, we're gonna go hang out. We're good. Or is that Nema who is no longer angry at Bob and Bob who is carrying a knife and planning on attacking Nema?


It's, it's like, exactly like you said, like you look in one of those pictures, it's like, do you see a woman with a shawl or do you see a dog with a smile? Right. Right. Like, what, what are you seeing? Let's talk about Bob Lee. I love the way that you unfolded it. I mean, first of course you talk about who he was to his family, and then it's like, ah, yes, here's who he was. You know, in the bigger sense for a lot of us, it's like, Oh my God, that's the guy who founded Cash App. That's immediately what a lot of people go to. 'cause it's somebody whose influence was certainly felt by, by all of us in, in some way Cash App Square, mobile coin. You know, in a way this was robbery because we got robbed of all the stuff that Bob Lee would've created down the line. Yeah. Right. So many of the things that Bob Lee was involved in and would've done, would've continued to change people's lives and make, make life easier for everybody and better for a lot of small businesses and people like that.


So, you know, he was an interesting guy in that when police began their investigation, they couldn't find anybody that didn't like Bob Lee. Everybody talked about him as being a wonderful guy, a great friend, a really supportive coworker, a guy who had made a lot of money, but who had turned down probably bigger money because he wanted to help people. And the interesting thing was, I didn't know his name. You may not have known his name before, no. Before this happened, but you knew his work and inside the tech world, he was very well known. So this kinda hit like a bomb because this was a, this was a guy that was very well known, very well liked and very well regarded.


I, I have to say, I have a new favorite term from this episode. Hmm. Code or play hard. I mean, That wasn one of those things where I heard it, I was like, oh, that I have a surprisingly clear picture of exactly the type of lifestyle you're talking about right now when he said that. Yeah. No, I mean, look, I mean, look, look, a lot of these guys are just like, you know, world's biggest nerds who have, you know, conquered the world through tech, and what do they do on their time off? Sometimes, as one guy said, it's playing we tennis all night long until dawn. That was fun. And sometimes it's doing something at a different level. You know, sometimes it's drinking all night long and sometimes it's, it's, it involves the drug world. You know, one interesting thing, there was a lot of talk about sex at the beginning of this case, that that was gonna be part of this sort of Silicon Valley party underworld that was gonna be unearthed in the end.


This was drugs. Drugs ended up being sort of the through line that connected all these people. And it turned out to be, you know, way less sex than I think people were initially expecting to hear about. I'm curious, as you were going through your interviews and talking about people who you know, who knew Bob and also who were in that culture, did you find that anybody was hesitant to kind of dive into that? Bob's friends were pretty open about it. Krista is his ex-wife who remained extremely close to him, was, was, was open about it and nobody was really worried about it, except Bob's brother Oliver, who was concerned about the extent to which he thought Bob was self-medicating because there had been some depression in their family and he thought Bob was dealing with that.


You know, I think that, you know, we got a beautiful picture though of the duality of Bob's life, right. Because we heard from Crystal Lee, like you said, and then we heard from their two kids, right? How he was just this truly loving dad. Like some real concrete examples of how he taught them things doting on his kids. Krista was not worried about his drug use. She never saw that as impairing him personally, him professionally or his relationship with the kids. And, you know, the kids clearly did not feel like they had sort of lost part of him because of that. They, they, they were, they were both very attached to him and saw him as a really involved, caring, thoughtful, present parent.


Yeah. You know, you get a, a real sense of loss, I think from, from the kids. They added a lot when we get back. Bob Lee's brother thought Nima Moi's testimony was outrageous, but what did he make of the accused killer sister on the stand? We've got an extra clip from Josh's interview with Oliver Lee coming up. I wanna talk about Kaza Monini. I think it's very fair to say that Kaza Monini was one of those Yeah. Unforgettable characters. Yeah. She was so interesting and she became a key part, but That wasn very clear that she wanted nothing to do with this trial. What did you learn about her Through the, through the course of this, Her conduct played a huge role in setting in motion whatever happened next, whatever you believe.


But she said something or did something. She suggested a scenario in which something happened that made Nima angry. This is the prosecution's point of view. Sure. And, and made him angry that Bob had put Kazar in that situation. Now we do know that whatever happened to Kazar, whatever That wasn and that's very murky at this point. We know that Bob wasn't present. We know that Bob had already left at that point. But did Kazar in some subsequent conversation with her brother, blame Bob for what had happened to her? Or did Nima just kind of take that from her, that inference like, oh, Bob must have had something to do with this.


Yeah. You know, that was sort of never gonna note the sense that you got from this trial was that she would've said or done just about anything to keep her brother out of prison. I mean, she's on the stand and she says, you know, my brother is not the person that killed Bob Lee. She said that, well, her brother admits being the person that killed Boboli. That killed Bob. Yeah. I mean that's, that was sort of the problem with, with with her on the stand is he, he had said, yeah, I did do it. But That wasn self-defense, that was their defense, was he tried to kill me and I ended up stabbing him with his own knife. I mean, you illustrate right there, like Nemo's defense attorney, who by the way is being paid for by Kaza, right?


Says, don't believe a word she has to say, don't, don't believe anything, Which is something you don't hear every day. In the end, the question of what happened that night between Kazar and Bob and Jeremy boy is, is murky. Mm. Jeremy boy very explicitly says there was no sexual assault. And, and Kazar later apologized to me. We don't know exactly what happened, and we don't know exactly what Kazar said about what happened. We do know that Bob was not present at the time, which makes that motive, as you said before, really convoluted because yeah, it requires that NEMA be furious at Bob for something that Bob was not present for.


That's the problem with the prosecution motive. While We're on the subject of Kazar, a lot of people had thoughts about her, clearly including Bob Lee's family. So we have an extra clip of Bob Lee's brother, Oliver Lee talking about his impressions of Kza Monini Kazar testified she was heartbroken about Bob's death. Do you believe that? That's when I started talking to the media, you know, whenever I, we were gonna try, we were trying to stay out of, out of the spotlight, but That was too much. That wasn, That wasn too much, That wasn, I felt that she was trying to get on the stand and claim this position as some widow or trying to take this whole, oh, I knew Bob so well, I'm heartbroken by this.


And I felt she was trying to take that. And the reason I started talking the media is because I was not going to let her take that from our family. Right. 'cause No, no, we are heartbroken. You Helped cause this to happen. You made this happen. Right? It is, it is like she, it, I I very few things have angered me more and That wasn so hard to, to, to be able to see that. And so to her try and like your brother already killed my brother. Right now you're trying to take our grief away as to repair your self image and to repair your image in society in San Francisco. Absolutely not. We're not doing this. Yeah. Without taking anything away from Oliver, because I, I completely understand him in this, there was some relationship between Kza and Bob.


I mean, the, the, it it appears to have not been, you know, primarily romantic or sexual appears to have been social and it certainly also connected over drugs. But were they close? They were because she, she sent these texts that night after Bob died, but she didn't know that Bob was dead, sort of thanking him for handling Nina's anger in, in such a classy way, which was a big part of the prosecution's motive was these texts that in which Kazar essentially acknowledged Nima was furious that Bob and Bob calmed Nima down. Yeah. So I, I do completely understand where Oliver is coming from. Sure. But the relationship clearly did exist.


You know, when you look at kind of the Momi family as a unit, and I'm so glad that we heard from the mother in all of this too. Yeah. What Krista said at the end, just kind of angry at the family in its entirety. I will never forget this family for what they did to Bob. Yeah. I thought that that was really interesting. But I also, it, it made me, it made me wonder, was there ever any talk of anyone else being, you know, facing charges in all this as an accomplice or Anything? I mean, no one else has faced charges. I think what Krista is referring to is not just the, the issue of whether or not evidence was disposed of, but the question of Bob and Czar's relationship and what Kazar said to Nema about what happened that night, which in the eyes of the prosecution and also the Lee family made Nema so angry that he took a knife from Cesar's apartment and then stabbed Bob with it.


And so that's why they say that family. I, I Wanna ask you about the defense attorney because one, I love the back and forth between the two of you guys. Obviously you held your own. That wasn, That wasn interesting. As soon as you introduced him and said he came from Miami to help with this case, I said, aha, Miami like that, you know, it just kind of, he seems like an attorney who came from Miami. He was wearing when we first met, well, actually both times when we met, he was, he was wearing a very expensive suit and some very expensive lo loafers with a big logo on them. This was a guy, I mean, look, look, som Z is a guy that if, if you, if you are in serious trouble and you have some serious coin, he's the guy you want.


So make no mistake about this. They came, they came. I thought that close to, to getting a mistrial in this case. Sure. They did a very good job. Look, it's fun sparring with guys like that. You'll, you'll, you'll be doing plenty of that in the months and years ahead. But That wasn, you know, for, for our, our, our listeners who watched the episode and who are listening to us right now. Well, and That wasn a masterclass and how to do those types of interviews. Right. Because I think for, for people who kind of see the end product of Dateline, when we're prepping for these, there's a lot of, you know, the story in and out. So you anticipate what your interviewee is going to say. You kind of anticipate the arguments they're going to have.


And, and so it really is just an interesting way of, of, of going into a conversation and, you know, thinking about all the different angles they're going to throw at you. You gotta know the facts of the story before you go in because people, not everybody, but people are gonna try to sell you a different version of it. And, you know, that's sort of part of the job here. Absolutely. There are a lot of just kind of like still I guess hanging chads in this story. Right. You know, the sentencing phase. I do wanna ask you though about the deliberation five days. Yeah. I mean That wasn it, That wasn, That wasn long and many people thought it went past the amount of time that the judge had told the jurors, this is how long the trial will take, including your deliberations.


Hmm. So many people, this reporter included, many people thought this is gonna be a mistrial, which would've been I think, a pretty big victory for the defense for I think Oh, for sure. Think that would've been, I that would've been exactly what som Zang wanted. Because look, I mean, in a mistrial, like you've already seen the other other guy's hand, you know, you know what cards they have, you know how they're gonna, and I don't know that there were that many more ways to present the evidence that the prosecution had presented. I mean, they, they put it out there and the motive was always kind of convoluted. Like, it, it, it, it that that's one of the harder things to understand the forensics, they're a little more clear, the video that's a little bit more clear.


Like you sort of know Nemo was the la last person to see Bob before he was stabbed, but then at the last minute they came out with a verdict. Not guilty of first degree murder, but guilty of second degree. Yeah. Which is gonna be when he is sentenced, that's a 16, 16 year minimum. I think the prosecution was happy with the, with a 16 year minimum. I think the family is, sees a measure of justice in this. I mean, here's one interesting thing. At the beginning of this case, people saw this as, you know, crime is the great equalizer. 'cause even the rich can't protect themselves in the streets of San Francisco. And of course That wasn't what this was about. This wasn't about how much crime there was or wasn't in San Francisco, but in the end, the Lee family are like a lot of other families we cover, which is they got the verdict that they wanted or at least one close enough to it.


But they've discovered that the criminal justice system is not a time machine. Mm. And the whatever happens to Nema now, this trial, that verdict doesn't bring back Bob Lee. And you gotta, your life is split in half. And in that way, the Lee family is like all the other people that we cover on Dateline, which is, there's the part before and then the now there's the part after. Yeah. Yeah. And there's nothing to change that. Josh, we are going to talk about questions from social media. A lot of people had thoughts about this episode, so we've got that coming up. I Bet they did.


Okay, we're back. And Josh, we have a couple of audio questions this week. First up, let's hear from Amy Brownstein Barry on Facebook. Here's what she had to say. Hello Dateline. I wanted to ask what the friend thought that Bob was using as an implement for cocaine. The defense claims That wasn a knife, but I was wondering if the friend actually commented on what that was. The answer is we don't know for sure, but there was discussion from many people that what Bob used to do cocaine was a collar stay. One of those little plastic things that fits inside your shirt collar to keep it stiff if you're wearing it with a tie.


And, and that, that would've been about the right size to be the object shown in the video. By the way, I believe that no collar stay was, was recovered from Bob, which doesn't mean anything because he could have thrown it away. Men tend to have a lot of those. I mean, I probably have hundreds of them. Interesting. Do people keep them, I mean obviously they're in your shirt, but do you keep them just in your pockets? Are they usually help found loose in your pocket somewhere? No, I mean, I've never seen anybody carry them around, but it, sometimes when you send your shirts out, sometimes they come back with those stays in them. Usually when you buy the shirt, they have them. Yeah. And you're supposed to take 'em out before you send 'em to the laundry. Otherwise they'll get pressed into the shirt, which is not good.


So you want to take 'em out before the laundry. This is the, the vital premium content that Talking Dateline listeners expect. By the way, I Said we've learned a lot. We, we've learned a lot here about, okay, this is a fun question. Jabor Estefan on Facebook asked, has anyone ever said to Josh bro, the defense attorney called you bro. Have you ever been called bro in an interview before? I, I, I noted that one Too. I mean, there's a guy on Turner Classic movies who does it all the time and it's really irritating. But I can't say anybody. He has a right though. Everybody else. Well, I mean, you know, I mean maybe technically, but no, I, I don't, but you know, that's who Samm Zagon is.


Like I, IIII certainly took no offense at any of that. That's how he talks normally to everybody. But, you know, Hey, I, I've been called, I've been called better. I've been called worse. Okay, we've got another audio question. This one is from Amanda Leckman Depas on Facebook. Let's take a listen. Hi Josh. Why did the judge not allow the video that police took of NEMA talking to the private investigator and Panta miming the stabbing? Why did he not allow the jurors to see what his mouth was doing in that video? Why did they cancel that out? Thank you in advance The video, the what's called the pantomime video, which is nema, depending on who you ask either pantomime or not pantomime, stabbing Bob Lee in a conversation with his, his then attorney's private investigator in a parking lot.


The defense argued that that was attorney work product. That talking to an investigator is like talking to your attorney. You obviously would not be able to take a video of a person talking to their attorney inside the attorney's office. That's clearly attorney-client provost. The issue was that it happened in public, that it happened in a parking lot where anyone could have seen it. The video was blurred because it's, the judge I think was sort of splitting the baby here and saying, okay, you can see what he's doing, but I'm not gonna let you hear what he said because anybody walking by might not have heard what he said. So that's why the court blurred Nina's mouth.


So you can't try to make out the conversation, but you can see what he's doing and what the prosecution says he is doing is pantomiming stabbing Bob Lee twice and then throwing the knife away. Well, lots of audio questions. I love the audio questions by the way. This is a lot of fun to hear, to hear actually from people's voices. I wanna encourage everybody to submit audio questions. Here's something that was funny, Josh, that people notice, and I have to admit that I noticed this one too. Fans noticed just how tall Sergeant Ditmer is when you guys were kind of walking side by side. Yeah, I think down the street. Sylvia, NYC, wrote on X, I don't think I've ever seen anyone tower over Josh Menowitz on Dateline.


So what was, what was the deal there? How tall was this gentleman? Well, first of all, Keith, you know, does tower over me when Keith is over six feet tall. I'm five nine and Keith is over six feet tall. But Sergeant Dimmer I think is six five. And a lot of people on social the other night were sending things like, wow, is Josh like five three? I'm like, and he's normalized. I'm like, no, he is very tall. Josh, this was a fascinating episode and it's always good to talk. Dateline with you, my friend. Thank you. So great to see you. And that's it for Talking Dateline for this week. Remember, if you have any questions for us about stories or about Dateline, you can always reach us 24 7 on social media at Dateline NBC. And if you'd like to hear your voice on an upcoming episode of Talking Dateline, please send your questions as an audio file.


We cannot wait to hear from you. And Keith's got a brand new podcast Murder in the Moonlight when a couple is found shot to death in their quiet farmhouse on America's Great Plains. The investigation includes four suspects, spans three states, and comes down to a single shiny clue, a gold ring found at the scene of the crime. Follow murder in the Moonlight now and get two new episodes a week, starting February 17th, completely free or subscribe to Dateline Premium to start listening now. Premium subscribers get early access and ad free listening. And as always, we will see you on Fridays on Dateline on NBC. Thanks for listening.