
This episode is brought to you by Progressive, where drivers who save by switching. Save nearly $750 on average. Quote now at Progressive dot com to see if you could save Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. National average, 12 months savings of $744 by new customers surveyed to save with Progressive between June 2022 and May 2023. Potential savings will vary. Discounts not available in all states and situations.


Grand Canyon University, a private Christian university in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona, believes that we're endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. GCU believes an equal opportunity and the American dream starts with purpose. Whether your pursuit involves a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, GCU provides a path to help you fulfill your dreams. Offering 340 academic programs as of September, 2024, find your purpose at Grand Canyon University, private, Christian, affordable visit gcu.edu.


Hi everyone, it's Blaine Alexander, and we are Talking Dateline. I'm joined by the one and only Keith Morrison to talk about his latest episode, The Terrible Night on King Road. Hi, Keith. Hi. How are you? And, and it's nice to see you and hear you too. For those who aren't seeing you, Good to see you and hear you too, my friend. So, before we jump in, if you haven't seen it, it's the episode right below this one on your Dateline Podcast feed. So make sure to go there, listen to it, or stream it on Peacock, and then come right back here. Now, just to recap, in the early morning hours of November 13th, 2022, four University of Idaho students were found stabbed to death in their home with the trial of Brian Berger, the man accused of killing the students.


Now, just 12 weeks away, Keith and his team revealed the results of their groundbreaking two year investigation into this case. The episode sheds incredible new light on the murders and just what happened that night on King Road for this Talking Dateline, we wanna tell you of course a little bit more about who those four students were that were murdered that night through the eyes of those who love them best. Okay, let's talk Dateline Keith. Great. You know, before we jump into this discussion, I I, I think it's important to note that this episode is so different from the episodes and stories that we typically do on Dateline, right? Because by the time we get our hands on a story, usually the case is adjudicated.


Somebody has either been found guilty or acquitted, and that is of course not the case here, Usually. Yes, that's correct. Occasionally we will, we will do a series of stories as we have done in this case, soon after a crime occurs, and then kind of follow it through the process, it leads toward trial. This case, every detail is being fought out in court. It's one of which we have had to be very, very careful in the way we do it. And we understood from the start and continue to understand. And I think everybody needs to understand that in our court system, the man accused in this case is innocent until and unless he's proven guilty. And so everything we report is based on that premise.


We have gathered material from extremely reliable sources who we trust. These sources are backed up by other sources. It's all pretty carefully vetted. We've done our very best to make sure that we're totally accurate. So it's the pure information in this story that we are very happy to have been able to report. Sure. There are a lot of different sensitivities when it comes to reporting a story like this when it comes to the story that you and your team aired, and even when it comes to our conversation here. Oh, yes. There, there really are. It's, it's just something you wanna be careful about. That's all that I wanna be careful about. So I, I'm, my answers may seem a little cage or than usual.


It's not that they're cagey, it's just that I don't wanna say anything wrong. There is nothing cagey about you, Keith Morrison. All good. Well, sometimes a little bit cagey, maybe, You know, let's, let's dive in because I think that another thing that was different about this story is sometimes when we present stories to our audience, this may be the first time that many people have heard about this case, right? Obviously not the case here. If anybody has followed a consumed any bit of news over the past two plus years, you know, at least in some part, have some degree of familiarity with this case out of Idaho. So when you do a story like this, when people really are hanging on every small detail of, of this, certainly when you're able to advance a story the way that you have, that's, that's a remarkable thing.


Well, yes, and you know, one of the, one of the facts of this case is that there's a gag order. Now, some people wonder whether a gag order prevents us from doing our reporting, and it does not. We, we can continue to, to, you know, ferret out what information we can. I mean, the big question in all of this, and and from the beginning has been who is Brian Berger? And in this episode, you, you described him as a man who lived in the shadows to Some degree, perhaps he was known to, to life, spent a lot of time alone. He was known to like, to be out at night by himself. He, he seemed attracted to the, to the darkness.


And, and that was just an aspect of his personality, which may or meant may not have meant anything, but lives in the shadows might be a little strong. But it, it, he was somebody who, you know, was socially awkward, at least as people described it to us. At the same time, his professors said that he was one of the brightest people, or some of them, his past professors, especially one of the brightest students he ever, ever had. And because he was studying criminology and getting a PhD in criminology, it made sense that he was studying some subjects which might be considered very dark, very difficult, very scary to some people, and that, that might have a perfectly reasonable explanation.


But he was an odd fella. Y you know, in talking about his chosen field of study criminology, I have to say that when I was watching your story and, and when you reported about the Google searches that were found on his phone, right? This, this, you know, some of the questions can psychopaths behave pro socially and sociopathic traits in college student? I, I have to say that when I saw that, I thought, okay, maybe it means, again, if he is in fact guilty of the crimes of which he's being accused. Did he in some way know that maybe there was something off about him and perhaps he was engaged in that field of study to, to understand or lean into it?


It, it, it may well be, that's the conclusion that has been reached by experts we've spoken to about human behavior, who have looked at that, have suggested that's the most likely explanation. Speaking of explanations, someone could look at this and say, okay, maybe there wasn't an explanation for this, or, or, or maybe there was Ted Bundy was, was a name. Yes. That came up a lot in this story. There were a lot of searches related to, just for those who may be, need a refresher, remind us who Ted Bundy was. Well, Ted Bundy was a, a, a prolific serial killer who was killing university students and college girls. But as a character, he has fascinated numbers of people, certainly kohlberg, but also fascinated some of Kohlberg's professors still.


He was, it, it went beyond merely looking up Bundy a lot and being interested in a, a good deal. The messages that he uploaded about whether or not he was normal, whether he ever could be normal in this society, all suggested sort of, that he was feeling that he didn't belong, but also that if he did belong to anybody, maybe he belonged more to the cadre, that would be a, a Ted Bundy sort of character. And again, somewhat amorphous, but that's, that's how it looked. You talked to people who had had what most of us would call just kind of chance run-ins with Brian Berger, I mean, at a pool party.


I loved the PhD dj. Sure. That was my favorite title ever. I would like to go to a party that he's DJing. He seems like fun. Sure. I, you know, I was very interested though that they just kind of had these little snapshots of him just little, you know, interactions. But even from then, it sounded like some of them said, Hey, that even that just small interaction was, was kind of off. Sure. That wasn kind of strange. Yes. And they, you know, how much did they think about it at the time? I'm not entirely sure. After, after the case became famous and Brian Berger was arrested, all of that stuff came rushing back to them and they thought, yeah, he was a very odd dude. So Let's talk, let's talk about some of the evidence that you bring forward in this groundbreaking episode. I mean, of course, and we need to say that yes, this is evidence he's been accused of these crimes.


A judge has entered a not guilty plea on his behalf, but in this episode, you lay out some additional evidence that could point to his alleged involvement in these murders. Most people know how his DNA was found on the knife sheath at the crime scene. That's kind of a famous piece of evidence, but talk about some of the other pieces of evidence that that came out here. Well, what, what we were most struck by That wasn, the video that we were able to obtain showing the white car in the vicinity of the house at 1122 King Road. In the minutes leading up to the murder, we have the precise, you know, minutes and seconds where the car appeared kind of cruised by the house until finally the car pulled into what appeared to be the only place it could be would be 1122 King Road.


Although you can't actually see 1122 King Road in the video. Yeah. But, but there really couldn't be any other place it would be. And If I could jump in real quick, can Yeah. Talk about that white sedan. I mean, what was, well, you talk about in the episode, but what was with the back and forth and the back and forth, that was very chilling to me. Well, Right. It's a white car. The police believe is the white Elantra that belonged to Brian Kohlberg. Right. But the defense may well be able to point out that you can't really tell exactly what kind of car it is. You see these headlights, you can tell it's a white car. That's about it. Our FBI profiler and the psychologist who looked at it both said, oh, he's just kinda stealing himself. He's getting ready. He's saying, am I, can I do this?


Can I do this? And then, then he decided That wasn time, maybe I can't, maybe I can't, maybe I can, maybe I can't. One of the things that I thought was an effective piece of, of, of storytelling and reporting in this, Keith, was this animation that you Oh, yeah. That your team put together to kind of spell out how your investigative sources believe this crime took place. And I have to say, for a lot of our, our, you know, our audience who only kind of consumes these stories via podcast and doesn't actually look at the episode, go back. This is one that you need to go back find on Peacock and actually look at this animation because it tells us a lot That wasn a complicated situation. The house doesn't, isn't laid out like most houses would be.


And the killer would've come in basically halfway up the house and then immediately made a beeline up the stairs to the top floor where Maddie Mogan maybe slept. One of the experts that you spoke with also talked about social media intel, that that one would've gathered, right. That, that, you know, the victim, young ladies posted a lot on social media. Yes. All of these strange things that one wouldn't necessarily think of could have been actual clues to help the killer understand the layout of this house. Right. Which is very chilling when we get back. Kaylee was spontaneous. Maddie was an old soul. We're going to play some clips from interviews with family and friends of the four victims to get to know them a little bit better.


That's when we get back.


Murder mystery May all month on Acorn tv, the home of thrilling crime, drama, and brilliant mystery. It's 31 days of nonstop suspense, featuring a new mystery series every Monday, a killer movie every Friday and New seasons of your favorite shows every week. A month of who done it so good, it's criminal. Get wrapped up in Murder Mystery may only on Acorn tv, the home of thrilling crime, drama, and brilliant mystery. Visit, join at Acorn tv slash may and use promo code Pandora for a 30 day free trial.


Spring is the perfect season to grow. If you've ever thought about learning a new language, well now's the dime. Rosetta Stone offers immersive language training and 25 languages to choose from, including Spanish, French, Italian, and Japanese. Enhanced by true accent technology that helps you perfect pronunciation and speak with greater clarity and confidence. Spring into something new with Rosetta Stone. And start your language learning journey today. What language are you practicing? How long have you been practicing? What milestone have you achieved? Don't wait. Unlock your language learning potential. Now, Dateline, NBC listeners can grab Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off. That's unlimited access to 25 language courses for life. Visit Rosetta Stone dot com slash dateline to get started and claim your 50% off today.


Summer's just around the corner. And the folks at Mint Mobile have a hot take. Chasing seasonal trends is out. Investing in your financial health is in this spring and summer. Everyone wants skimpy wireless bills and fat wallets. And with premium wireless plans for just 15 bucks a month, you can have both without breaking a sweat or the bank. All plans come with high speed data, unlimited talk and text delivered on the nation's largest 5G network this year. Skip breaking a sweat and breaking the bank. Get your summer savings and shop premium or is plans at mint mobile.com/dateline. That's mint mobile.com/dateline. Upfront payment of $45 for a three month five gigawatt plan required equivalent of $15 a month. New customer offer for the first three months only. Then full price plan options available, taxes and fees extra. See Mint mobile for details.


Texts between two of the surviving roommates show that they, they knew something was wrong. They were, they were upset. They were trying to figure out what was happening. Yet it seems that it took a long time yes. For 9 1 1 to be called, Which has been a source of speculation and accusation ever since this occurred. And it continues to be. And it never did call 9 1 1 until hours and hours after this occurred. And people wonder why that is so, and what they're hiding or whatever. The, the one young woman who did several points about this, the one young woman, woman who did see the killer and who talked about him having bushy eyebrows, which is a very important point that the prosecution intends to use in this case against Brian Berger, who, you know, has bushy eyebrows.


You can certainly see them in that selfie he took soon after the killings. The other one is why they didn't call or do anything for so very long. Right. And the fact is that they had been partying and partying virtually all night long. So it's unclear exactly what was going on in the house. But it's reasonable to assume that these two very young people hear this commotion upstairs, see some evidence of a terrible thing having occurred, but are not prepared in their minds to believe it could have actually been a terrible thing. You know, you can't really, that doesn't happen. So you're not gonna believe it. You see somebody lying on the floor.


Well, I've seen people lying on the floor after parties before. They're always, you know, they passed out. It's just, it's a, it's a little more understanding, understandable that they would've gone on for so long. If there's one thing that I've learned in, in my so far brief time with Dateline, it's that no matter in all of these stories, we never know what we are going to do or what anyone will do when confronted with a scene that's very true. Like this true coming upon that's very true. Someone that they know or that they love that has been brutally killed. We don't know what you would do, what I would do, what any of our audience would do. And you can speculate all you want, of course, but, but you certainly don't know until you are faced with such an unimaginable moment. Yeah. And, and so shock, who knows?


It's easy to kind of look and say, oh, call 9 1 1. But you just don't know what one feels in that moment. I'll tell you about one little minor incident that occurred where I had a car broken into, smashed the windows. And, but in the course of the of time, between the time I made that call to the police and the time they arrived, I did all the wrong things. And yet I'd been for decades doing these kinds of stories where I knew what the right things actually were to do. But you, you lose yourself. You just don't think rationally for the first couple of minutes unless you really are, you know, you say right away to yourself, okay, I've gotta behave rationally and record this properly. So, you know, I'm looking through the bushes, I'm messing about with things.


I'm inside the car, rummaging around. Yeah. Doing all the wrong things. And you know, so eventually the police said, well, you know, there's not much we can do about these things anyway. But especially now, Especially now, you've, you've made it even more difficult. We spoke earlier about these four students, and I'm going to say their names because we want to dedicate some time to hear from their family, their friends, those who knew them best about just who they were. So Maddie Mogan, Kaylee Gonzalvez, Zana Kal, Ethan Chapin. You got a chance to speak with their friends, their family, about who they were. Tell us a little bit about that. Well, They were certainly smart young people and they were going places.


All of them, a couple of them were just about ready to graduate. They had jobs lined up already. The others had a little bit more time to go. You know, their parents saw them as very responsible people. You know, they were living a college kids' life, but they were also getting high grades. All of them, they were headed for, for good careers. And, and they, all of them cared deeply about their families. And so they were the kind of kids you would be proud to have. I think that's, that's about the best I can say about them because I didn't know them personally. But that certainly is what others have said about them. Well, let's listen to some of their family and friends.


Let's listen to some of the people who knew them best. I loved Kaylee. She was honestly such an amazing friend, Kaylee. She was very competitive. She was very spontaneous. You could wake her up in the middle of the night and say, Hey, pack your backs. We're going to Mexico in the morning. And she would be like, are you serious? Let's go. So Maddie was the youngest out of the, the friend group. 'cause those girls were very, very tight knit. But Maddie just, she was always, she always seemed to be like the oldest of the group. She just had a very old soul. Just super smart and intelligent and very wise for her age, I would say I miss her potential and her, her sweetness and this grounded energy that she just, she really made people feel seen and like what they were doing mattered and made a difference.


Zana was beautiful. She, she was always smiling. There's this video we found where she's just spinning in a 360 with this huge smile and you just want to know that person. 'cause she was just full of life. I just want people to remember Ethan as someone who would put a smile on your face. You know, when we do stories like this, I think that all of us can kind of identify with this being on the cusp of stepping into life, right? Yes. Yes. This, this kind of, the excitement, the sense of excitement being on the, the verge of realizing your potential. No, it's, it's very true.


There is that point of being, of launching into life. It's so very exciting and frightening at the same time. Yeah. Can I do this? Can I do this? Well, yes. I'm gonna try and it, it, it's, it's a, it's a wonderfully exciting time and to to, to be cut off like that in the midst of it, it's just a horrific thing. Truly for the many people who know the details of this case and who know these names of these beautiful young lives, it is in connection to these murders. Yeah. And I think that that's, that has to also present a a, a specific and special kind of pain for their families, I would imagine. Yes. That's the last thing they want is for their daughters and son to be associated with this, this killing.


Yeah. And yet it, it's, it's like, it's, it's a tide. You can't stop the tide. Up next we're taking your questions from social media


As your kid asked for help with homework or maybe your child's ahead of the curve getting bored in class. Whether your kid is struggling or soaring, IXL can make a real difference. IXL is an award-winning online learning platform that helps kids really understand what they're learning. It covers math and language arts and science and social studies from pre-K all the way through the 12th grade. It's designed to be engaging, personalized and yes, actually fun with encouraging feedback that keeps kids motivated. Make an impact on your child's learning. Get IXL now and Dateline NBC listeners can get an exclusive 20% off IXL membership when they sign up today at IXL dot com slash dateline. Visit i xl.com/stateline to get their learning program at the best price.


Don't let allergy seasons slow you down. Get common allergy meds for as little as $15 with good Rx so you and your family could stop allergy symptoms before they start. Good RX is free, easy to use. Just search for your prescription on the website or app and compare prices and get a free coupon to show your pharmacist. Save it over 70,000 local pharmacies nationwide. GoodRx is not insurance, but it works whether you have insurance or not. And it could beat your insurance copay price. And did you know GoodRx rewards you for saving money too? Join GoodRx rewards today and earn points every time you use a coupon. Stop allergies before they start and save big on allergy medications this season with GoodRx. Go to goodrx.com/dateline. That's goodrx.com/dateline.


Lowe's knows that no matter your paint or stain project saving is at the top of your to-do list. Save. Now with buy one, get one half off select paint stains and primers from top brands like Valspar, HGTV Home by Sherwin Williams and Cabot via Visa gift card rebate. Find more Memorial Day deals. Now at Lowe's. We help you save selection varies by location while supplies last discount taking at time of purchase. See sales associate for details offer valid five 15 through 5 28.


We had a lot of social media comments on this episode. As you can well imagine. Let's hear from Gail Sorenson. She said, wow, we really got a lot more of the story that we didn't know about before. Keith, you're the best. Oh, well that's very kind of her. Thank you. We have an audio question. Let's take a listen to this one. Hi Dateline, it's Jabor. Michael Esen. I'm calling from Allentown, Pennsylvania. I was reaching out to say or ask if you had any chance to contact Dr. Katherine Sland, the professor at the sales university here in Pennsylvania.


She has a wealth of knowledge on Berger and she was his professor at at the sales. Thank you. And again, great episode and all the best to Shane Bishop and all your producers. Thank you. Well, as a matter of fact, yes, we, we certainly are aware of Katherine Ramson. She is a, she is a very well-known researcher into serial killers, one of the foremost experts on the, the BTK killer and others. But, so Katherine Ramson was Brian Kohlberg's professor. She recommended him for his PhD and she elected not to be part of our story.


We are not sure yet. It's going to be up to her what role she plays or doesn't play in his trial. There is an interesting question that I wanna ask you, but I'm sure you'd love to answer it. Does Keith write his own questions? Well, yes and no. The, the is the answer to that question. The, you know, I work with, as we all do, we work with some of the best producers in television today, so we collaborate. But that said, once you're sitting in front of a camera, you ask the questions you're gonna ask. That's exactly it. We have to be nimble. And I should say that question is from Jennifer Hart, but the interview goes where the interview goes and Oh yeah. I mean, there have been times when I, I bring all sorts of things out that were never written down just based on the answers that you get.


And you have to, sure, you have to listen actively to primary rule was The best response. Primary rule, yes. Always. Yes. Intensively. Listen, A lot of comments that we heard from our viewers about why it's taken so long for this to go to trial. The murders of course, happened in November of 2022. Trial is set for August of 2025. Right. Phoenix Lopez Harmon writes, what is taking so long? Is it because this is a death penalty case? And and it's important to point out that these trials are not instantaneous. Yeah, I, for a death penalty case, I, I think this is, this is relatively quick, but there are cases which are far, far less serious than this one that can take even longer to get to court.


This has been a fascinating discussion, Keith, talking about this case, but also talking about how you were able to bring us the story. So thank you so much for talking with me today. Thank you. Thank you. I like talking to you Brian. I like it too. I'm enjoying this Keith. And that is it for Talking Dateline this week. Remember, if you've got any questions for us about stories or about Dateline, you can always reach us 24 7 on social media at Dateline NBC. And if you have a question for Talking Dateline, you can record a message and send it to us on social media or call this number and leave a voicemail. Here's that number 2 1 2 4 1 3 5 2 5 2.


And you'll have a chance to possibly hear your voice featured on an upcoming episode. And of course we will see you Fridays on Dateline on NBC. Thanks as always for listening.


Brought to you by the Capital One Venture X card. If you love to travel, the Capital One Venture X card is perfect for you. Earn unlimited double miles on your purchases and turn them into extraordinary travel. Enjoy premium benefits at a collection of luxury hotels when you book through Capital One travel and get access to over 1000 airport lounges worldwide. Capital One, what's in your wallet terms supply. See capital one.com for details.