
Grand Canyon University, a private Christian university in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona, believes that we're endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. GCU believes in equal opportunity, and the American dream starts with purpose. Whether your pursuit involves a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, GCU provides a path to help you fulfill your dreams. Offering over 330 academic programs as of September, 2023, find your purpose at Grand Canyon University, private, Christian, affordable. Visit gcu.edu.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive, where drivers who save by switching. Save nearly $750 on average. Quote now@progressive.com to see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. National average 12 month savings of $744 by new customers surveyed to save with Progressive between June, 2022 and May, 2023. Potential savings will vary. Discounts not available in all states and situations.


Hey everyone, this is Andrea Canning, and I'm here with Keith Morrison. And we are Talking Dateline. Hey Keith. Hello, Andrea. All right, so let's dive in. This episode is called Secrets on the Emerald Coast. It's about the October, 2011 disappearance of a mother of two named Marie Carlson and the web of Secrets and Lies police uncovered before zeroing in on an unusual relationship and an unlikely killer. If you haven't listened to the show yet, it's the episode right below this one on the list of podcasts you can choose from. So go there, listen to it, or if you wanna watch it, you can stream it on Peacock and then come back here. And when you do come back, Keith has a clip he wants to play for us from the Killer's Confession.


Later we're going to answer some of your questions about the show from social media. So stay tuned for that. Okay, Keith, let's talk Dateline. All right, good. So you grabbed me from literally the first line in the show where you called Marie, the dancing Sprite. What did you mean? She was by that, that's like such a Keith line I feel like right now. Like I feel like you've had to have written that. Yeah. Well, I didn't get the chance to meet her, unfortunately. I'd love to have met her. But yeah, this was the description of the person who I was told about that she was that kind of young woman. You Know, Mari Marie struck me as sort of, kind of different sides to her, you know, where on one hand she liked to have fun and she had this great relationship with her sister, and she was beautiful.


She was also a mother, but then she was also lost. She had some difficulty, a adjusting to life, if I can put it that way. Yeah. She was a free spirit. She was a lovely, talented, happy person. But then again, she could be depressed. She, you know, she certainly welcomed the attention of the pastor and his wife and became, you know, a devout member of his church and she really needed to feel at home somewhere. And they made her feel at home somewhere. And everybody in the church adored her. They thought she was wonderful. And as things progressed and got a little stranger, they continued to support her.


Some people knew some things, some people didn't know some things. Yeah. The sermons got a little weird. People in his church were a little puzzled when the pastor would bring up these verses that suggested polygamy wasn't a bad idea, there was probably gonna be going on in his own house. A lot of secrets in this one. Lot of secrets, yes, indeed. But Marie got pregnant and while Marie was pregnant, That wasn put out by the pastor and his wife that she had an abusive boyfriend. And to escape the abusive boyfriend, she'd gone to live with the pastor and his wife. They were protecting her, and she was going to have the boyfriend's child.


And then that child would be at a certain point in its development. Yeah, yeah. Be adopted by the pastor And his wife. That that story really started to fall apart. That, that boyfriend story, It did fall apart. Alright. Right. And eventually the inner circle in the church learned that That wasn not a boyfriend's child, that the child was actually theirs and or the pastor's rather. And that they had used in vitro fertilization. Well, and that That wasn a Turkey baster And that That wasn. Okay. That wasn. No, That wasn old fashioned. Yeah. And not only was it old fashioned and the real thing, but pastor's wife was there in the bedroom when it happened.


I mean, like, what is she just, I, I was actually trying to visualize this, not trying to be crude here, but I'm thinking to myself is is she sitting in a chair watching? Is she participating in this in some fashion? Do we know exactly how that went down? Yeah. We don't know anymore than just the fact that She said She was in the room watching as it occurred. They describe it as like a sister wife. Right. Like, possibly another woman would come into the picture and they would all, you know, live happily ever after. Which Exactly. Doesn't always work that way. Well, and Sure. And it, it, it doesn't, but what happens, and this happened before other stories we've done, is that somebody who is a, who's maybe not quite as moral a preacher as one would like preachers to be, began to read some material in the Old Testament, and which suggested that having plural wives was not only a pretty good thing, but was a necessary thing for certain leaders of the community.


And, and, you know, in the Bronze Age, that was a dandy idea. They had all kinds of weird things going on, but in, in modern world, we don't do that sort of thing, except that his sermons, and we read through quite a few of them began to take on that character. Yeah. But, but plural wives in relationships is not that uncommon in some kinds of more informal preaching situations, and it generally ends up in some kind of difficulty. And this one, you know, while only involving three people went really wrong, where it certainly, you know, that jealousy comes in, perhaps all kinds of issues. Well, yes, because Marie wanted to keep that child.


She believed, I believed that she was going to have the relationship with the pastor, that the pastor would probably divorce his wife and they would go on to have, have, have a happy life together. Marie's sister, she just had a strange feeling from the very beginning of Marie going missing. She said something to you, she said, I wash a lot of law and order, and that's why she knew something was wrong. Yeah. It is interesting when, you know, when people tell us as well that they watch Dateline, and it's kind of the same thing that it, that they've learned something from it or that it, you know, it, it has them thinking about things a little more than, than they might have otherwise.


There are Very similar kinds of behaviors that emerge. And when you see that sort of behavior emerging, you kind of know, pardon my use of a cliche, but that's a red flag. I gotta watch that. Yeah. It's like, you know, we always say trust your gut. Right? When if, if something doesn't feel right, it probably isn't. Yeah, exactly that. Yeah. When we come back, we have an extra clip from the suspect's


Confession, Who doesn't love saving money? Right. Well, lucky for you. Xfinity mobile just got even better. Now through September 21st, Xfinity internet customers can buy one unlimited line and get one free for a year. That's a deal if I ever heard one. Check out Xfinity mobile dot com to learn more about this great offer. Plus Xfinity mobile customers now get exclusive access to wifi speeds up to a gig in millions of locations nationwide. Whether you're at home or on the go, you can listen to your favorite podcasts, stay connected to your loved ones and more. Let's recap savings on your wireless bill and faster wifi you don't wanna miss out on this. Visit Xfinity mobile dot com today and September 21st. Restrictions apply. Xfinity internet service and two new unlimited lines required. Reduce speeds after 30 gigabytes of usage per line, data thresholds vary. Actual wifi speeds vary. Not guaranteed


busy parents have enough on their plates without adding children's homework to the list as well. Now IXL is an excellent resource for homework help, which is especially nice for parents who are rusty on school info themselves and methods have changed over the years too. It's designed to help them really understand and master topics in a fun way with positive feedback. And one subscription gets you everything for all the kids in your home. pre-K to 12th grade, there's a reason why IXL is used in 95 at the top 100 school districts in the us. A month of IXL costs less than an hour of tutoring. So now you can get your child the help they need at an affordable price. Make an impact on your child's learning. Get IXL now and Dateline. NBC. Listeners can get an exclusive 20% off IXL membership when they sign up today at IXL dot com slash dateline. Visit IXL dot com slash dateline to get the most effective learning program out there at the best price.


Quick math, the less your business spends on operations, on multiple systems on delivering your product or service, the more margin you have, the more money you keep. So reduce costs and headaches and graduate to NetSuite by Oracle. NetSuite is a leading cloud financial system, bringing accounting, financial management, inventory, HR into a single platform and source of truth reduce it costs. Because NetSuite lives in the cloud with no hardware required and cut the cost of maintaining multiple systems, improve efficiency by bringing all your major business processes into one platform. Over 37,000 companies have already made the move. So do the math. See how you'll profit with NetSuite by popular demand. NetSuite has extended, its one of a kind flexible financing program for a few more weeks. Head to NetSuite dot com slash dateline NetSuite dot com slash dateline.


I was so impressed by the detective on this case. She really latched onto it immediately. She brought it and, and being, you know, coming from maternity leave and having just had a baby, she felt this connection. She had been back less than two weeks. She saw this case come up and she made sure she was on it and she was not assigned to it. She kind of had elbowed her way onto it. Yeah. And she did, because her first feeling was, I know how it feels to have a baby. I wouldn't leave my baby under any circumstances whatsoever. How could I believe this young woman would have left her baby? And she just didn't believe that was possible.


And that's what drove her. And she was a star of the investigation. It she was, however, the one who was so heartbroken that she had searched that backyard where Marie's body was eventually found and came so close they couldn't find it. And so then the three year delay before they finally got the confession, I felt really bad for her when she talks about I was there, you know, and I, and I missed it somehow, or I didn't do enough or, you know, however she was feeling. Right. I mean That wasn. She really beat herself up. Yeah, Yeah. That wasn right under their noses, you know, know that, that piece of the puzzle. But eventually they got, the husband agreed to plead guilty to what?


Manslaughter, I think That wasn and took a 15 year sentence. The family was quite disappointed in the manslaughter charge, in the plea deal. Not enough. Well, and, and you know, when you look at the circumstances of what happened, the eventual confession, you can see why they would be disappointed if a conviction for first degree murder requires no more than a, you know, a few seconds of contemplation of what you're going to do. As it, as we are told repeatedly by prosecutors is what it requires then first degree murder would've been a reasonable charge to bring. And so I don't blame the family at all. The trouble was they couldn't prove it.


And I think that's why our detective was so upset with herself, because had they found that body when they did, she felt it could have made the case. Well, yeah. If it's in the backyard, hard to explain that away. Sure. Yeah. Do you think that James planned to kill Marie? Or do you think That wasn in the moment? You Know, I, I don't know the, the, the, the story I, I, I hesitate to use the word evidence, but the sequence of events suggests that he and Tanya maybe especially him, realized they had a problem.


And Marie had gone from being a delightful companion in their house to being, you know, problematic. She wasn't gonna give up the baby. And that was a real problem. They had to figure out a way to make that happen. Yeah. Are there some people who think Tanya was involved that, that she Yes. Knows way more than she sang? Yes. There are some who I think would tell you to this day, they were convinced she was involved, that she knew more. Yes. But there's no evidence for that. There's no way to prove it. And, and if she did, James certainly didn't throw her under the bus. No, no, not at all. You have more of James's confession to investigators that did not air in that episode.


Let's take a listen to that. Did you get her buried before Tanya came back? Oh, yeah. Yeah. I grew up on a farm, and one thing I couldn do is dig. And I, and I die until I couldn't go anymore. And I just, I buried her and I went back to the house and I, I, I looked at myself covered dirt and, and I took off my, my shirt and my pants and shoes and the, and I, I jumped in the shower. Well, that is raw listening to him talk about that.


Yeah. Those final moments there. Wow. A far cry from who he was. You know, he's this cool pastor in the jeans and sneakers in a strip mall. He's on YouTube. Yes. And, And Right. And again, loved by his congregation, and he was charismatic and he was a good preacher. And he, you know, That wasn, one of those kind of upbeat four square gospel type churches. And, but he was good. He, you know, he was an effective preacher. You can only imagine how explosive this must have been for the members of that church. It's not a church anymore. You know, it That wasn a That wasn a strip mall, and it's, it went back to being a strip mall after all of this ended. And his, His official title was Pastor.


Yes, that's right. Would Would you say he's more like a preacher? They're interchangeable. They, they give them different names. My father was, he would've called himself a minister. He minister to people. And, you know, a minister of a certain church was a United Church of Canada, actually. Yeah, you're familiar with it. Yes. But sometimes, you know, if, if the specialty was preaching great sermons, they'd get called preachers. If they were known for their ability with caring for people, they'd be pastors. And sometimes there's no formal definition goes back and forth. What is true is that preachers, pastors, ministers call 'em what you will.


Priests are like other people, you know, but we put them on a pedestal and we believe that they're going to be perfect in every way. And they're never going to do terrible things. And very few of them do. But some do. And in recent years, we've seen so many scandals of people who have supposedly been above any criticism, have been, you know, men or women of God, particularly men of God, and have abused children, and have gotten themselves into all kinds of trouble. And, And also have ended up in a lot of Dateline episodes. You know, and it ended up in Dateline episodes As killing, killing people. I mean. Sure. We've done a, a quite a few.


We have, I shall never forget being in a, in a, in a prison in San Diego, talking to a preacher who had murdered his younger plural wife, because she'd become a problem for them and cut her up into little bits and took her out and buried her in a Karen in the, in the desert. And what I was trying to, you know, question him about the, his shoes on various theological issues and how he managed to find a, a way to rationalize that sort of behavior. He said, you know, I'm not, that, I'm not that concerned about what'll happen after I die. Mm. I'm going to meet my young wife again and, and we'll all be together, the my older wife, my younger wife, and me and our children, and we'll all be happy again.


Mm. You might be going in another direction. You never know, You know, you might not be heading to heaven after that. I mean, Keith, I have to say, you're, you are one of the kindest people I know. And you are so, you're such a thoughtful person about everything. Do you think any of that came from being the child of a minister? Or was it Oh, Well, yeah. You know, I, I'm not compared to most people, Probably. Oh my gosh, stop. Of course you are. But, But it does. Yeah. I mean my father was the sweetest man ever lived. Yeah. Do you Think Wonderful man. Do you think, you think that's like where, not not to take away from your mom, but I, I Hope so.


I hope it's where it came from and, you know, my mother was wonderful too. Yeah. But you know, he, yeah, he was a, he remains though he is been dead many years. He remains the kind of guiding post of life for me. Oh, that's so nice. Did he, do you feel like he impacted a lot of people in his time? Oh yeah. He, yeah, he was, he, he really did in his kind and charismatic way, but kindness mostly. I'm so glad we have a positive example of a minister. Okay. After the break, we'll be back to answer some of your questions from social media.


Does your bed feel like a sauna in the summer? Heat and don't sweat it. Mattress firm can help anyone sleep at night. So you can wake up feeling cool and refreshed. Upgrade to the luxurious rest you deserve with mattress firm's premium selection of top brand mattresses. Plus you can rest easy with their 120 night sleep trial. Sleep on your new mattress for 120 nights. And if you don't love it, mattress Firm will find you a new one or your money back. It's time to say goodbye to sweaty nights and your old worn out mattress. Get matched at Mattress firm, semi-annual sale and clearance, and sleep at night. Restrictions apply. See mattress firm.com or store for details.


Do you wanna connect more with friends or family? And their native language isn't English then Rosetta Stone, the most trusted language learning program is for you. Rosetta Stone teaches through immersion, like matching audio from native speakers to visuals, reading stories, participating in dialogues, and more get prepared for real authentic conversations. The true accent feature even provides feedback on your pronunciation. It's like having a personal trainer for your accent. Learn on the go with flexible and customizable lessons as short as 10 minutes. Plus, Rosetta Stone can be used on a desktop or as an app, and you can download lessons for offline use for a very limited time. Our listeners can get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off. That's unlimited access to 25 language courses for the rest of your life. For 50% off Redeem now at rosetta stone.com/dateline.


Finding the music you love shouldn't be hard. That's why Pandora makes it easy to explore all your favorites and discover new artists and genres you'll love. Enjoy a personalized listening experience simply by selecting any song or album. And we'll make a station crafted just for you. Best of all, you can listen for free, download Pandora on the Apple App Store or Google Play and start hearing the soundtrack to your life.


So Keith, we have a lot of of viewer questions about this episode. This very, we can answer him salacious episode with that throuple element. Yes. MZ Cat 64 on the lines of the throuple says, anything that has to be secretive is not good. Five exclamation marks. Poor Marie Carlson. Well, you can only sympathize with that idea. It's very true. And, and unfortunately it's a rule that gets broken all the time. Secrecy is pretty common when sexual relationships are involved. All right. This is from work, right? Calm. So he killed Marie and buried her five feet deep before Tanya came back.


And Tanya never noticed that her yard had been dug up, not buying it. Reasonable speculation, a reasonable suspicion, I should Say. I think a lot of people who saw this episode, myself included, were thinking the same thing that yeah, it is hard to believe that Tanya didn't know Anything as we did the story. Yeah. As we did the story, we were feeling that too. It's hard to believe it, maybe. Yeah. But it's hard to believe. And again, she was never arrested, never charged with anything. Right. This is from at den with four ends and two i's Denny at Denny. Okay. James doesn't deserve a deal, but anything to find Marie's body at this point, That is exactly what the police thought.


They didn't think he deserved a deal either, but they couldn't prove otherwise. So That wasn kind of like, let's get something here. You know, we may not exactly get everything we want, right. But let's get him behind bars. We can find her body, we can give her family Yeah. Some answers and we can, you know, put Him away. Get something against him, at least, you know. Yeah. All right, Ron. 6, 7, 5, 9, 2, 1 7, 9. No wonder Marie wanted James. She just wanted someone to care for her after all those years. Very sad. Yep. I'd agree. Yeah. It's like, it, it, it's like Marie was searching for something, I feel like her whole life, and it, it almost started from when she was a little girl.


Sure. You know, finding out that this man was her father. It just seems like, you know, she, like I I mentioned it right near the top, that she was lost. Yes. I think that's a good way of describing it. She was, and they made her feel at home, but they were not to be believed necessarily. Yeah. And who knew I mean? Your, your minister, your preacher, your pastor tells you that you're safe in this situation. and his wife, who's wonderful woman makes you feel safe too. And the gradual submission into a kind of a throuple relationship was, didn't happen overnight, obviously. And Marie seemed to enter into it voluntarily Now that, you know, he was a vibrant, interesting man, and, and apparently both he and his wife thought that was a great idea.


So yeah, she did. You know, he's supposed to be safe in that role. You know, this is supposed to be someone who can help you and listen to you and guide you. If you can't have faith in your pastor, who can you have faith in? All right, Keith, on that note, thank you for that fascinating episode. Well, thank you. It That wasn That wasn. Pretty interesting. All right. To follow around That is our Talking Dateline for this week. Thanks so much, Keith, and thanks everyone for listening to us. Remember, if you have any questions for us about our stories or Dateline, reach out to us on social at Dateline NBC. See you Fridays on Dateline on NBC. And also be sure to check out the newest season of our podcast, Dateline Missing in America, featuring missing person cases brought to our attention by our followers on social media.


All episodes are available to listen to now wherever you get your podcasts.


NetCredit is here to say yes to a personal loan or line of credit when other lenders say no. Apply in minutes and get a decision as soon as the same day loans offered by net credit or lending. Partner banks and service by net credit application subject to review and approval. Learn more at net credit.com/partner. Net credit credit to the people.