
Acorn TV is your partner in crime. It's the psychological to your thriller, the murder, to your mystery, and the who to your who done it that makes ACORN TV your perfect partner for streaming the acclaimed new series The Gone Last Time, two tourists went missing, who they ended up Dead. Don't miss the gritty crime mystery. The Gone Now streaming exclusively on Acorn tv. Your partner in crime visit Acorn TV and use promo code Pandora for a 30 day free trial. Acorn tv. Brilliant.


Grand Canyon University, a private Christian university in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona, believes that we're endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. GCU believes an equal opportunity, and the American dream starts with purpose. Whether your pursuit involves a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, GCU provides a path to help you fulfill your dreams. Offering 340 academic programs as of September, 2024, find your purpose at Grand Canyon University, private, Christian, affordable visit gcu.edu.


Hello, I'm Blaine Alexander, and I'm here with Andrea Canning, and we are Talking Dateline. So this episode is called The Premonition. It's about the 2006 murder of a beloved dentist, John Yannick, who predicted his own death and the obstacles that that investigators had to overcome in bringing his killer to justice. Now, if you haven't listened to the show yet, it's the episode right below this one on our list of podcasts. So just choose from that. You can go there, listen to it, or if you wanna watch it, of course you can stream it on Peacock and then come right back here. When you come back, Andrea has an extra clip that she wants to play for us from her interview with Dr. Mark Perlin, the Chief Scientific and Executive Officer at Cyber Genetics.


And then later of course, we're going to answer some of your questions from social media. So make sure you stay tuned for that. Okay, let's talk Dateline. Let's talk Dateline. Hey, Blaine. Hey, Andrea. How are you? I'm good. I haven't even seen you in the new year, so it's a little late. But Happy New Year, Blaine. Thank you. It's always appropriate and happy New Year back to you. Yeah. I have to tell you that this story, it literally had me hooked from the very first line right? To say, Hey, I paid you $10,000 to investigate my murder. Yeah. And I'm not dead yet. That's wild. It is wild. And it's something we see in different forms on Dateline, where someone writes a letter to themselves or they write it to someone else, or they tell someone, you know, if something happens to me, you know?


So this was more uncommon because he's paying money and he's actually like enlisting the help of his attorney. But definitely over the years, people have predicted their own murders on Dateline. Sadly, there were so many parts of the story that we're just gripping, I think, past The Premonition. The person who found John's body, his 9-year-old neighbor, Zach, found his body and this really gory scene. I, I just, what was it like talking to him? Of course, many years later. But yeah, that was just a hard, hard thing. Well, it's always horrible when a child has to be the one to find someone who has died.


It happens too often where children are, are dragged into these things where they have to see these horrific things that they can't unsee. And imagine how that shapes your life at that point. You know that you've seen something so gory and awful and, and you're just a, a child. I mean, you're forced to grow up. Right? You're forced to in that moment grow up much faster and and much more immediately than than you would ever expect. Right? Yeah. I mean, in this case, the neighbor was, you know, kind of collateral damage, right? That, that he had to be the one to find him. To find him. Yeah. And, and he was going over to, to look for a playmate. Yeah. He was looking for a son, jj, to play together. That was that, that one touched my heart. Like, oh, he just wanted to find a friend. And that's what he found. Oh my gosh. I know. I wanna talk about John, you know, 39 years old and, and clearly successful.


Right? I mean, he'd wanted all his life to be a dentist. He's always on the honor roll. He's a partner at his own dental practice where he used to go growing up. Like it, it had to have been a really interesting full circle moment for him. Yeah. I mean, he put his mind to something. He set out to do what he wanted to do, and he made it happen. I'm curious about full circle moments. I was thinking about this. I mean, it's something he always wanted to do. He was able to do it. Did you always know that you wanted to be a journalist? Like is that kind of, did you start add off intentionally on this path? No, absolutely not. No. I think I've told this story before we, I'm gonna date myself here, but I also lived in the country. Okay. We had three channels and you know, after school, six o'clock rolls around, all I wanna do is watch TV and all that would come on was the news.


And I'm like, darn news, you know, I don't like, this is all that's on my three channels. What am I supposed to go do, read a book? And then I went on like a, a shoot with like a TV commercial. And then I was like, I'm kind of interested in tv. And then that just kind of unraveled into TV news. And then now I'm like a news junkie. That's all I watch now is like, during the day is like news, news, news. That is so fascinating. But at first you were like, no, absolutely not. Oh gosh. No. No. I, I just couldn't. What about you? Were you like on your dad's lap going, I'm gonna be a reporter Daddy? Yes. I was the exact opposite. Like, I grew up watching Today show, like I would watch Tom Broka on the news as like a third grader, like a second grader.


Okay. Like, I loved the news. Yeah. And I think that at some point I realized, okay, like the news tells people when things are important. Like, that was kind of my, my realization. Yeah. So I, I, I identified with that full circle moment, like, oh gosh, I always wanna be, you know, on the news. Yeah, yeah. And then to do it. So, so I, I definitely identified with John on that. It had to have been so cool to go back and actually work for that practice. Let's talk about him meeting Michelle. He meets Michelle and they, I mean, he falls head over heels pretty quickly. Like Yeah. I, I wonder how he felt. Do you think that he felt he was lucky to, to be with her when you kind of talked to his friends? Did you get that impression that he felt lucky to, to have found somebody like Michelle?


I think he was like, I, you know, I got the Budweiser girl. Yeah. I got the homecoming queen. Yeah. You know? Right. There's a lot of guys who would be excited about that, right? Yeah. That they got like the girl that all the guys want. 'cause the Budweiser girls back in the day, I don't know if they still have them, but you know, they were popular. Yeah. Michelle was definitely attractive and, you know. Sure. Yeah. And I think that that also kind of speaks to just the dynamics of their relationship. Right? Like, Michelle already had two kids, but John was all in, and not everybody would necessarily sign up for that, right. I mean, to, to come in and kind of parent to other kids. Yeah. I wonder, I mean, I feel like that kind of tells us a lot about the person, the type of person that, that John was.


Yeah. I think John wanted a family so badly and he certainly wanted a child with Michelle, but I think this was a way to just kickstart that family that he'd wanted so badly. He stepped right in as a father figure to her children. And he was in love with her and she was a package deal. Yeah. Especially after having lost his own parents, right? Yeah. This kind of longing for family or longing for Well, his dad. Yeah, his dad, right. Yeah. And then, and then his mom, of course later in life. But, but yeah, like losing his dad, you know, when he was just a baby. Absolutely. So he was able to be a dad to her kids and then ultimately to their child that they adopted from Russia. And, and speaking of jj, I mean, when they have jj, they, they have now their three children.


And it really seemed like everything was falling into place. I remember looking at the home that they had, and I said, this is gorgeous. Obviously this was before Instagram. This is, you know, early two thousands. But when you think about seeing people's lives on social media and thinking, Oh my God, this is perfect. They would've been the people that you would've looked at and said, oh, they're perfect. They adopted a child. They're so cute. You know, to go from that to this very, very bitter divorce. Yeah. You know, there's certainly a lot in there that we'll never know, but That wasn just really kind of an interesting fall, unfortunately. Yeah. And infidelity on both sides. Yeah. Yeah. You know, that was one of the points Michelle admits that, you know, she cheated on John, but then he admits the same and she just like loses it. Like, talk about that dynamic.


You know, what is it? Don't throw stones at glass houses. I, I just feel like if, if you're gonna have an affair, then you really can't judge your partner for having an affair. Absolutely. You know, I wanna talk about kind of this heated custody battle for jj. JJ really becomes at the center of this, right? One of the people that you interviewed was Maggie, one of John's friends who said that at one point he was crying on the phone to her saying that he didn't think that he would see his son again. And, and that's just, you know, heartbreaking for any parent. It seems like a lot of these cases do stem from custody battles. Yeah. Like, what if That wasn amicable? What if there was like a different way to handle it?


Could his life have been spared? When we come back, we have an extra clip from Dr. Mark Perlin, the Chief Scientific and Executive Officer at Cyber Genetics. His technology played a crucial role in solving John's murder.


As you set your resolutions for 2025, consider how learning a new language can enrich your life. Rosetta Stone has been a leader in language education for over three decades, with millions of satisfied users worldwide with courses in 25 languages, including Spanish, French, German, and more. You can choose a language to learn that unlocks new places and connections and experiences. Plus the mobile app makes it easy to learn on the go. So you can conveniently fit in lessons on your own schedule. Start the new year off with a resolution you can reach today. Dateline listeners can take advantage of Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off. Visit Rosetta Stone dot com slash Dateline. That's 50% off unlimited access to 25 language courses for the rest of your life. At Rosetta Stone dot com slash stateline, do it today.


Make this new year a milestone in your child's education. With IXL. IXL uses advanced algorithms to personalize your child's learning experience, ensuring they receive the right support at the right time. IXL encourages your child to set specific goals, whether it's improving grades in a challenging subject, or mastering foundational skills, all while helping them build confidence along the way. The subject spanning from counting and ABCs to advanced high school topics like calculus and assay. T Prep one subscription covers all your children's educational needs and saves you time by providing organized resources all in one place. Make an impact on your child's learning with IXL and Dateline. Listeners can get an exclusive 20% off an IXL membership when they sign up today at IXL dot com slash Dateline. Again, that's IXL dot com slash Dateline for an exclusive 20% off an IXL membership today.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive, where drivers who save by switching Save nearly $750 on average. Quote now at Progressive dot com to see if you could save Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. National average, 12 months savings of $744 by new customers surveyed to save with Progressive between June 2022 and May 2023. Potential savings will vary. Discounts not available in all states and situations.


I wanna talk about Corporal Janelle Lick. She was kind of the MVP of this story and I was, so I've got a couple of questions about her. I just was really struck by her instincts, even though this was her first murder case, right? Yeah. Yeah. That wasn. So the first thing that really stood out to me is that she gets the call, she's on like a family outing, right? Yeah. And she's got her husband, she's got her kids in the car. Yeah. Four and four kids. They turn four kids and they just turned around and go to the crime scene. It's like a family field trip was I know, right? I was surprised by that. I know, I know. I, yeah. Like it's amazing. She just was on it. I remember when I had to go to an interview at a jail and I had my kids with me.


'cause we were doing like a handoff or something. I can't, somebody was coming to get them. 'cause we had been somewhere and they had, they were always asking me when they were little, what does a jail look like? What does a jail? And I'm like, well here you go. Here's the jail. We're at the jail now. We're not going inside. You're not, I think a lot of moms would identify with that, right? Like, yes, exactly what you said. There's a handoff at some point you have to do something. But I also thought that That wasn interesting 'cause it kind of showed her dedication to the job. Yeah. She was like, I wanna get there. I wanna be there immediately. Yeah. I don't, I don't wanna kind of waste that time. Yeah. Going home. Yeah. And then at one point she kind of describes how she's standing in between the car and the house to block her kids. And you know, we went in that house, we shot in that house. And yeah, it's always like, adds sort of that extra layer of chilling moments when you get access to the house where the murder happened or the field or whatever it may be.


Because you're really going back to that moment Exactly. Where you can see that person. Like going through what they went through. Of course. But I wanna talk about the psychics, the psychic sisters. Oh my gosh. The psychics. Talk about the psychics. Have you ever had psychics involved in a story before? I'm trying to think if I've interviewed other psychics. I probably have at some point. But no one stands out more than the sisters. Oh my gosh. I mean, I still remember sitting there outside talking to them. They were funny, but they said that they, they felt a dog tag. You know, they were thinking military, but they weren't that far off. Mm. I mean, you know, police, military. True.


You know, maybe that's like where they, you know, where they were headed. It's so interesting to me. I think that time and time again, you see people when they turn to psychics or just some sort of kind of unexplained anything. People are really kind of at their most desperate point. They wanna know, they want answers. They, they've gone through everything and they're like, well maybe these people know something. Right. That's kind of what we saw. But then there's people who actually believe in psychics as well. So maybe they're not desperate. They just actually really believe in the power of that. Yeah. The power of that. Sure. I mean, I've, I've been to psychics in my life. I wouldn't say that I'm like some huge psychic believer or regular visitor to a psychic, but I remember, it's so funny, I still have the piece of paper, the psychic, this was before I was married.


She said She was writing everything down and she said, she said, your your husband is up in the air. And I was like, well, up in the air. Yeah, of course. He's up in the air. Like everyone's husband is like right up in the air if you're single. Right. Like, and then I, I ended up marrying a pilot. A pilot. Yes. That's amazing. And so he, he was up in the air. Isn't that funny? So it's, it's always interesting to hear people's, you know, experiences with with that. Yeah. I'm glad we interviewed them. 'cause we don't, we don't usually get to interview psychics and sometimes like police will, like in this corporal ick was like, you know what, any whatever helps at this point. Exactly. And, and why not at this point, right?


Yeah. Like, like nothing can help. Why not? It can't hurt. So let's talk about the evidence, the bloody footprints at the scene that, that was a big deal. They're brought up, of course in the trial, the state calls the director of Asics, the tennis shoe company. Oh yeah, yeah. To talk about the shoe. So imagine, first off, imagine you're head of asics and you get a subpoena to come testify at a murder trial. That had to have been shocking. Yeah. That was interesting. Because those shoes were not available for purchase in the area. And then they of course they find out that Foley has ordered those shoes through like a law enforcement type, you know, website where you can Yeah. You know, I mean, what are odds? Wow. What are the odds that you, you commit a crime and you're wearing these shoes that are so rare.


He had to have been Yeah. Kicking himself for that one. Right. And I'm gonna use the pun, gum shoe detective work at its best. Absolutely. That wasn, That wasn such a big piece of evidence though. Corporal Lick, she had some interesting instincts, the fingernails. Mm. She kind of kept them in an evidence refrigerator just 'cause she thought, eh, maybe I should just hang on to these. Well, I think That wasn that whole, you know, he's a state trooper. Yeah. And she's being told not to interview him or Michelle. Yeah. Which is just odd, odd. That baffles me to this day. And also apparently Trooper Foley would make comments like, you know, I wish he was dead and Yeah.


You know, and things like that. And they're going through a divorce. I mean, ho hello? That that's the first place you look. Yeah. So, so you know, putting those, the fingernails, like, I think she just had that instinct. I think she was just nervous that given his connection to the state police, like, I'm gonna keep these a little closer. So cyber genetics was also presented during the trial. They've been now used to kind of solve a plethora of cases. Right. But at the time, this was something that was really groundbreaking. This kind of DNA technology, their technology showed that the DNA under John's fingernail had a 189 billion to one match to Kevin's DNA. And that was huge. That compares to the FBI's match of like one in 13,000.


Yeah. Yeah. DNA is an investigator's best friend. Those fingernails just became everything. So we're going to hear a little bit more from your interview with Dr. Mark Perlin, the Chief Scientific and Executive Officer at Cyber Genetics. He's talking here about how he defended his work in the courtroom. Do you have that hesitation though, of how am I gonna convince these people? I'm a scientist. I, you know, it's a different animal going into a courtroom. The Foley testimony happened in two stages. The first was a hearing where my only audience was a judge. And what I was armed with was scientific studies and metaphors and translating for the judge that the science predicted exactly what we found.


So the judge obviously agreed and allowed it into trial. Yes. A judge is one thing a jury's another. Correct. And so now the jury was 12 interested students as opposed to one. Did you have any doubt that the DNA found under John y Knick's fingernails belonged to Kevin Foley Mathematically based on our studies? No. You were convinced you had your Match. The chance of it not being him was so small based on the match statistic that That wasn not feasible. Interesting. Yeah. Very, you know, I think about DNA technology and nowadays all it's used all the time to solve cold cases.


But just kind of hearing from him, I mean, that was really stunning when you talk about that level of certainty. Yeah, absolutely. I mean, that's hard to get around. Yeah. The best evidence you have. Yeah. So at the end, I mean, Kevin was sentenced to life in prison and I think when we first started hearing about Kevin in this episode, we heard John's cousin say that she thought, Hey, he's gonna be a good influence on the kids. Yeah. And one of John's friends even told you at some point that That wasn hard to see Kevin as the bad guy. I'm curious, where did things go so wrong? Well, something we see a lot and you know, in these stories is where the, we'll, we'll just use mom as an example. The mom tells the new boyfriend that, you know, her ex is a monster and he's doing these horrible things.


And a lot of times the mother will get the new boyfriend, new husband riled up. Right. Like he did these awful things. And that could be the case here. Doesn't excuse anything, doesn't, you know, mean you could kill someone, but it certainly could get somebody fired up Sure. About another person. But there were no charges brought against Michelle. Yeah. Right. And I think that doesn't sit well with some people. What happened when, you know, you and our team reached out to her, she, you know, did not want to talk to us. Yeah. But I think for John's friends, they were upset. You know, they really felt like she got away scot-free. That's their opinion. I could see how they could still feel some frustration there.


Yeah. Let's talk real quick about John. You ended this story on a soundbite that I thought was just so beautifully poignant. I was actually watching this with Jay, my husband, and we were kind of doing our own things. He's listening and he hears the soundbite. His friend Dennis said, if there was ever a person that I knew that deserved to die peacefully in bed, surrounded by a loving family, That wasn John and my husband goes, oh, like that. That says it. All right. I, I mean it really did. Yeah. I think we all hope to be kind of spoken about that way. Yeah. And he got anything but that and that's not what he deserved. Okay. And after your break, we will be back here to answer some of your questions from social media.


Acorn TV is your partner in crime. It's the psychological to your thriller, the murder to your mystery, and the who to your who done it that makes Acorn TV your perfect partner for streaming the acclaim new series. The Gone Last Time two tourists went missing Who They ended up dead. Don't miss the gritty crime mystery. The Gone Now streaming exclusively on Acorn tv. Your partner in crime visit Acorn TV and use promo code Pandora for a 30 day free trial. Acorn tv brilliant


High five Casino lets you play your favorite slot in live table games like Blackjack with a chance to redeem for real cash prizes. High Five Casino has a giant selection of over 1200 games, including hundreds of exclusive games only found on High Five Casino. It's always free to play and free coins are given out every four hours. Ready to have your own High five moment visit high five casino.com. That's hi the number five casino.com. No purchase necessary void or prohibited by law must be 21 years or older terms and conditions apply.


Hey, I'm journalist Sam Sanders. I'm poet Saeed Jones And I'm producer Zach Stafford. And we are the host of a podcast called Vibe Check. I'm Vibe Check. We talk about everything, news, culture, and entertainment and how it all feels. That's right. We talk about any and everything on our show from real life issues like grief to music and movie critiques. And that barely scratches the surface. Yes, indeed. And it doesn't stop there. We have got a lot to say. So join our group chat, come to life, follow and listen to vibe. Check wherever you get your podcast.


We have some fun social media questions. And these are audio questions, which makes it all the more fun. Here's Allie from X, formerly Twitter, and here's what she wanted to know. Is there a case or mystery that you wish Dateline would cover but hasn't yet? Hmm hmm. Well we usually do a lot of them. We do. Yeah, we do a lot of them. There's one case that I would like to do. Olivia Lone Bear. She is an indigenous woman that we talked about on an episode that I did. She was found in a lake in her car, in the passenger seat. And that case has gone unsolved. But I would like to do that as a full Dateline. Yeah. I would like to see it solved.


Yeah, absolutely. You know, if there's one that comes to my mind very, very different from our typical Dateline who killed Tupac, who killed Tupac and Biggie, I would love to see that as the Dateline. Wait isn't, isn't somebody behind bars for, for Tupac? Yes, for Tupac. But there's still a lot of, a lot of unanswered questions about it. And I think it can make it great. I mean, there's so many twists and turns in that story. And then the Biggie case, you know, if as long as we're, yeah, bringing out un un date lined cases, that would be an interesting one. Those would make good episodes. So we've got another one, this is from Instagram. This is ha viva Gordon Bennett with a question. I just got done listening to an episode of Talking Dateline That wasn Keith Morrison, who I love, and Josh Menowitz, who I also love.


They were trying to be funny with each other. Like Keith Morrison called Josh like an infidel. And Josh was like, yep, I'm totally an infidel. But there was like so many moments of that it felt really like, almost like, do they really not get along or do they get along? Are they frenemies? That wasn an interesting back and forth. And now I'm not sure, and I want Andrea Canning to chime in and like let me know if they're actual frenemies. That was a, that was a great question. No, I can absolutely tell you that they are friends and they love rubbing each other and they love, you know, getting into these conversations with each other.


And I've been around them so many times and I have never seen anything but love between those two. And only Josh and Keith. Right? Like they're the only ones who can, who can do that. And it's hilarious. I love it. No, that's a fun question. Thank you for that. Well Andrea, I think that's it for Talking Dateline. Okay. We've talked a lot. It's been great to talk with you. We have Blaine. Thank you. Of course. Thank you. And thanks everyone for listening. You can judge for yourself the state of Keith and Josh's relationship next week when they go head to head on the next Talking Dateline to discuss Keith's all new episode airing this Friday on NBC at nine eight Central and it's a good one.


So remember, if you have any questions for them or the Dateline team about any of our stories or just tips on other cases you think we should cover, reach out to us on social at Dateline NBC or send an audio message for your chance to be featured right here on Talking Dateline. And of course we will see you Fridays on Dateline on NBC.


Hey, this is Jeff Lewis from Radio Andy Live and Uncensored catch me talking with my friends about my latest obsessions relationship issues and bodily ailments. With that kind of drama that seems to follow me, you never know what's going to happen. You can listen to Jeff Lewis live at home or anywhere you are. Download the Sirius xem app for over 425 channels of ad free music, sports, entertainment, and more. Subscribe now and get three months free offer. Details apply.