
Acorn TV is your partner in crime. It's the psychological to your thriller, the murder to your mystery, and the who to your who done it that makes ACORN TV your perfect partner for streaming the acclaimed new series The Gone Last Time, two tourists went missing, who they ended up Dead. Don't miss the gritty crime mystery, the Gone Now streaming exclusively on Acorn tv. Your partner in crime visit acorn TV and use promo code Pandora for a 30 day free trial. Acorn tv. Brilliant


Grand Canyon University, a private Christian university in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona, believes that we're endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. GCU believes an equal opportunity and the American dream starts with purpose. Whether your pursuit involves a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, GCU provides a path to help you fulfill your dreams. Offering 340 academic programs as of September, 2024. Find your purpose at Grand Canyon University. Private, Christian, affordable. Visit gcu.edu


Tonight on Dateline. He had a premonition. He believed someone was plotting his murder. I wonder what it must have been like when he saw the face of the person who was about to end his life. And I saw John laying right there. His clothing was drenched in blood. You could see the bloody footprints that went through the hallway and out the back door. This Was clearly a killing of passion. You're talking about someone who is a very strong, powerful, aggressive killer. You're in charge of the investigation. You really cast a wide net. I Did. Days turned into weeks, weeks turned into months. No arrest came. Something's not right. This had the whole town just uneasy The dentist who predicted his own death and the loved ones who would not stop until the case was solved.


What are you thinking? I mean, he could be our prime suspect and I'm being told not to interview him. I just had to keep going. He probably was one step ahead of me every time. I'm Lester Holt, and this is Dateline. Here's Andrea Canning with The Premonition. He told me that he wanted to send me $10,000 to hold to investigate his murder because he was convinced that he was going to be killed and that his murder would be covered up and that the evidence would be buried along with him and that it would go unsolved.


That's one of the craziest things I've heard in this job. It's almost like he was writing a story about his life. Yes. A terrible premonition. It all happened here in the town where he grew up. John Niks life story came to an end in Blairsville, Pennsylvania. That wasn April 13th, 2006. A little boy from next door, 9-year-old Zachary uses was the first to discover the awful thing that happened to the 39-year-old dentist. I know this is really hard. Why did you go over to John's house that day? That day I was just looking for somebody to hang out with. Zach was hoping to see John's son.


They'd been such good friends. Instead, Zach saw something no child should ever have to see. So I'm walking up to his porch and I noticed the, the broken glass on the steps. He had red carpet, so I didn't notice the blood at first, but I noticed that his panel side window on the left was broken and there was blood kind of smeared a little bit going down the front. He Was scared, but he kept going. I put my hand through the window, I unlocked the door, went inside and I saw John laying right there. How bad was it? He had a slit on his, on his throat. His clothing was drenched in blood.


You see this horrific scene and do you run home? Yeah, I I run to my porch. He wanted to tell his big brother to come And I was just like, Craig, Craig, Craig. In minutes, the family was on the phone with nine one one. When dispatchers put out the call, first responders were mistakenly told That wasn a heart attack. So when Blairsville patrolman Don Isherwood pulled up, he was surprised by what he found. Well, as I approach the neighbor kids and the father were on the porch. And then as you approached the, the stairs, you could see a broken glass from one of the window panes and the the glass was out, blown out over the steps and onto the porch.


What are you thinking now? Well, you could see blood rolling down from the shards of the blood. So This was no heart attack. Doesn't Look like a heart attack now. No, The terrible truth was on the other side of the door. So we walk in here and you see the struggle and the poor doctor's body was lying right here. So that must have been a real shock to the system. What, because you didn't know yet that a man's been stabbed to death. Right here. That wasn pretty gru and there was, you could see the bloody footprints that went through the hallway and out the back door. Are you thinking right away that those footprints likely belonged to the killer? Yeah, the first thing I looked at was the doctor was in bare feet.


So you know that someone else was in here. He knew he needed help right away. His superior corporal Janelle Lick was driving around with her kids when she got the call. And even then the details were confusing. They said there's a cardiac arrest. Is that kind of weird that you're being requested For a, For a cardiac arrest? For a Cardiac arrest? It is. So I actually turned the car around with my whole family in it, four kids and my husband, and just pulled up in front of the house. What do you see? Blood is the first thing that I noticed on the walls when I stepped in a little bit further and I saw a body on the floor and I'm like, okay, you go clear the house.


It would be Icks first murder investigation and events were unfolding quickly. She and Isherwood were the only officers there, and she was afraid the killer was still nearby. Not only, this is a crazy scene, but your your four kids are out in the car and your husband. Yep. This was, I don't know if somebody else is in a house. So I stood between the house and them and waited. So You're protecting the scene and kind of protecting your, your four kids who are out in the car. Exactly. And then after I come down, She sent patrolman issue, wood room to room to look for the assailant, and that's where he found another horrible site. So as I come down into the basement to clear, first thing I notice is a, a, a large puddle of blood in this area here, starting to think, well, did the, did the scene begin down here?


Right. And then when I looked up, I realized that the blood was dripping through the floor. So that's, That just tells you how, how gruesome That wasn that there was that much blood. Correct. At about the same time, John EK's cousin Maryanne Clark was running some errands. Easter was just three days away. And as I'm driving through Blairsville, I hear fire whistles blowing and I didn't think anything of it. I went home. But as I'm going into my house, my phone's ringing. And That wasn a good friend of mine who lived by John and he, she said, something bad's happening at John's house. And I said, well, it can't be. He should be at my parents' knob. And she said, no, there's something bad. So I went over What Happened when you approached the house?


I see the local funeral director walking my way and when we confronted each other, I said, you know, did John have a heart attack? And he said, no, it's much worse. Who finally told you what had happened inside that House? Janelle lick, an officer with the Blairsville police came out and said that John had been murdered. That premonition about his own murder had come true, but he also predicted it would go unsolved. Would he be right? Not if John's loved ones had anything to do with it. I was determined it's not gonna happen. It's not gonna go away When we come back. Who would want to kill John Yanick?


Do we now lock our doors? Do we now get security systems? This is unheard of. The case of the small town dentist would take some strange turns. Your mom had the medium psychic sisters come over to help out. Yeah. Unusual investigators and an unbelievable obstacle. Did You quickly start to have an uneasy feeling about the thoroughness of this investigation? Yes, Almost instantly. Blairsville is a little town, about an hour from Pittsburgh.


Not a place where big news stories are a common occurrence, but a prosperous young dentist had been murdered in a horrible way. And that got people's attention. Jennifer Mealy, who was a local TV reporter in Pittsburgh, who among the first on the scene, I still remember being taken back by what I saw. Not only were there people everywhere, there were police and firemen and ambulance everywhere lining the street After the sea was secured. That's when I began canvassing the neighborhood and talking with the neighbors to see if anyone heard or saw anything During the night, One thing seemed clear, the neighbors were terrified Because no one in this community wants to think this was a random crime.


Do we now lock our doors in Blairsville? Do we now get security systems in Blairsville? This is unheard of. Things like this don't happen here. Most of the neighbors could only tell police that John Nik was a nice guy. John's closest friends like Dennis Vaughn would agree. I met John in 1985. We were both attending the same college and I was struck immediately by his personality. You always knew where John was at a function or at a party usually, because there was a crowd of people around him. Maggie McCartney met John later in life, but they had a lot in common. Anytime you were around him That wasn, he was making you laugh.


He was making you smile. He had, he and I kind of shared that same affiliation for old tv. So you know, we try to one up each other on TV trivia. Was He kind of old school given his choice in tv? And was he kind of old fashioned? He was very old fashioned. He literally was born too late in a lot of ways. All of his entertainment choices, movie, television, music all tended to skew towards older things. And in his personal life, he was old school too. Did not own a cell phone up until the day he died. He'd known one. John's friends became his family and his real family. Well that was pretty small. His father died when he was just months old in a tragic car accident.


So for years, mom was his world, His mother doted on him. John was smart. John was very bright. Yes. He, you know, That wasn always on honor. Roll in high school dean's list in college and he wanted to be a dentist And he did. He ended up being a partner with his own dentist later, after he graduated, moved back to his small town in Blairsville. His partner was his childhood dentist, the guy who inspired him to go into family dentistry. And he really liked working with kids. He loved Working with kids, working on kids' teeth. Yes. Yes. And I think That Wasn Mutual, I think the kids enjoyed coming to see him too. He would try to make me laugh, to open my mouth to check my teeth, but you know, sometimes it wouldn't work.


Was he a good dentist? Yeah, he pulled out a tooth. I remember that day very vividly. And he gave me a, a toy out of the box. John Yanick dated around for a few years, but when he was in his late twenties, he met the one Michelle Kamler and his life would never be the same. Michelle worked for a while as a Budweiser girl going in a bathing suit around to bars, giving samples and things, getting her picture taken with the customers. He would tell his friends and people that he finally got the homecoming queen. Dr. Maria Koleski met John and dental school and they stayed close. John had dated pretty girls in the past, but none that looked quite like Michelle. She was beautiful. That was the first thing he was taken with.


That's someone that was so pretty, was interested in John. John brought her to Dennis's housewarming party. I think he was very proud walking around, having her on his arm. Everyone at the party noticed John's new girlfriend, including Dennis's father, And he made the comment, something along the lines of, John, better watch out for this one, But John was moving full speed ahead. Michelle had two kids, which was fine with him. He'd always dreamed of having a big family. And when John's mother fell ill with pancreatic cancer, Michelle dropped everything to take care of her. In her final months, Michelle stepped up to the plate and, and helped John care for his mom.


Yeah, Michelle pretty much provided full-time care for John's mother while she was sick and while he was tending to his dental practice, she was there most of the time caring for her daily needs. Michelle seemed to be everything John needed too, and in a matter of months, she had a two carat diamond ring on her finger. Some friends felt that maybe that was a little too generous and that maybe he should have just got the smaller diamond. Hey, when you're in love, you're in love, you're in love. So they got the big ring and the tennis bracelets and all of the, the lovely things that the girls like. Why Not? I'm sure he thought She was worth it. I'm sure not too long after they met Viva Las Vegas.


Viva Las Vegas. Before any of us knew they were planning to go to Las Vegas and get married. New Year's Eve. John's happy. John's happy. Yes. He got his homecoming, the homecoming queen, queen and bride all in one package. So yes, John was on, on top of the world. John's new life as a husband and stepdad was just what he wanted. The one time Bachelor was now involved with school sports, travel hockey. He even helped take Michelle's kids on road trips with the rest of their team. Come outta here. There's Michelle. John's behind the camera. Michelle, you wanted this on tape, But something was missing.


He was happy as a stepfather, but at the end of the day, he just wasn't fully satisfied. I think until he could have a child of his own, that was always something very important to him. And so they tried and finally they made the decision then that they would just adopt and ultimately made a couple of trips to Russia that resulted in them. One time coming home with with JJ from Baby Boy Jj. Suddenly all of John Yel Knick's love and hopes were wrapped up in this little boy. How excited was John? John was thrilled. He, he, I'd never seen him that happy ever and John was just beaming from ear to ear, just so proud of, of this little boy.


They bought a big house with a pool, a bar, and a hot tub. Life was rich and full for a while, but that wasn't the house where police were standing. Now this was a small house where John Yannick was killed. What was the house telling you about the victim As you walk through That wasn? Very neat and orderly. After I went upstairs, you could see the, that the recently renovated child's room with the new carpeting and paint and even had a TV with a video game set up to play. And there among the shards of glass and blood soaked floorboards, police noticed something else. With Easter just three days away, there were Christmas presents still unopened.


How had it come to this? What happened at John Niks? Carefully crafted life Coming up a violent struggle. His head is pushed through this multi paned glass arrangement on the right side of the door. What Kind of clues would be left in the chaos? I needed any evidence that they may have collected, including the fingernails of John Yannick When Dateline continues,


As you set your resolutions for 2025, consider how learning a new language can enrich your life. Rosetta Stone has been a leader in language education for over three decades with millions of satisfied users worldwide with courses in 25 languages, including Spanish, French, German, and more. You can choose a language to learn that unlocks new places and connections and experiences. Plus the mobile app makes it easy to learn on the go. So you can conveniently fit in lessons on your own schedule. Start the new year off with a resolution you can reach today. Dateline listeners can take advantage of Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off. Visit Rosetta Stone dot com slash dateline. That's 50% off unlimited access to 25 language courses for the rest of your life. At Rosetta Stone dot com slash stateline, do it today.


Make this new year a milestone in your child's education with IXL. IXL uses advanced algorithms to personalize your child's learning experience, ensuring they receive the right support at the right time. IXL encourages your child to set specific goals, whether it's improving grades in a challenging subject or mastering foundational skills all while helping them build confidence along the way with subject spanning from counting and ABCs to advanced high school topics like Calculus and SAT. Prep one subscription covers all your children's educational needs and saves you time by providing organized resources all in one place. Make an impact on your child's learning with IXL and Dateline. Listeners can get an exclusive 20% off and IXL membership when they sign up today at IXL dot com slash dateline. Again, that's IXL dot com slash dateline for an exclusive 20% off an IXL membership today.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive, where drivers who save by switching. Save nearly $750 on average. Quote now at Progressive dot com to see if you could save Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. National average, 12 months savings of $744 by new customers surveyed to save with Progressive between June 2022 and May 2023. Potential savings will vary. Discounts not available in all states and situations.


At first glance, the scene of Dr. John EK's murder was all blood and chaos, but investigators are trained to make sense of the chaos and that's where a local legend, forensic pathologist, Dr. Cyril Wecht, entered the case. This case of Dr. Yannick was certainly one of the most violent deaths I've seen. Dr. Wecht consulted on sensational cases from the Kennedy assassination to the murder of JonBenet Ramsey. He'd done more than 20,000 autopsies and with his lab just minutes from Blairsville, the local coroner asked that he performed the autopsy on John Yannick.


Dr. We wt also decided to visit the murder scene. My own inspection of the death scene indicated that Dr. Nik had been injured already in the back part of the house. Dr. Wt believed the assailant then chased John Nik through the house. It's a very mobile situation. You're fleeing from me and I'm chasing you, and I'm inflicting injuries as you go along. Dr. Wecht explained why the window by the front door was broken and covered in blood. His head is pushed through this multi paned glass arrangement on the right side of the door.


Looking at it from the inside. John Nik suffered massive possibly fatal injuries to his neck when his head was pushed through the glass, but the attack wasn't over. Dr. Yanick then finally fell to the ground, obviously, and his throat then was slashed As a forensic scientist with more than 50 years experience. Dr. WeCh surmised the killer had to be strong and large enough to overwhelm the nearly six foot tall dentist and to slash him with a knife, The blade would've been maybe six inches or more. And as I recall, I think a one-sided blade. That was the story of John EK's death over in Blairsville.


The crime scene was also telling a story about his life. In the living room there were papers and maybe TV guide and magazines. There was something on the table that was very important, very telling to what this victim was going through. Yeah, the divorce papers were on the coffee table and they recovered in blood also. John Yanick was literally about to get divorced like within Tomorrow. That wasn the next day hours. Yes, he was to sign the papers the next day. John Yel Knick's dreams of a Brady Bunch family had fallen apart. He and his wife Michelle were in the process of divorcing. After they cashed in the house, John moved to this modest home and set Michelle up here with the kids.


That's where Janelle ick sent an officer to break the news to Michelle. John shares his son JJ with his estranged wife, Michelle. Was it imperative that you notify her right away about the death? They were still married, so she would be the next of kin and the person we had to notify Michelle was living in her new place with a new boyfriend, a Pennsylvania state trooper. They'd been together for nearly two years. How did you feel about her dating a state trooper? Well, when I first heard it and I knew that she and John were headed for a divorce, I thought, you know what couldn't be any, be any better role model or better influence on John's son or on Michelle's children.


JJ and the older two were in bed by the time police arrived at Michelle's home, she had already heard that John had died, but told police she heard That wasn a heart attack. They let her know he was murdered. John's friends got the news. The next day I was picking up my children for the weekend, That wasn Easter weekend. And I saw a lot of missed messages, texts and voicemails. So I listened to one of the voicemails and That wasn just somebody sobbing. Who Was it who had left the Message That wasn John's neighbor. And what Did She tell you? She said that John was dead. Maria was home with her family. Her husband took the call And I remember just looking at him and saying, no.


And I start pleading to God, please don't let him have been killed. Please don't let him have been killed. And I fell to the floor and just sobbed Back in his forensic lap. Cyril WeCh was saving blood samples tissue. He collected photos and clipped niks fingernails along with the precious DNA that might be underneath them. You sent one of your officers to the autopsy of Of John Nik? I did. Why Did you want someone to be there? I needed the, any evidence that they may have collected, including the fingernails of John Yannick. That's when she did something unusual. Officer Lick stashed them in the evidence fridge at police headquarters instead of immediately sending them to the state police lab.


This may have been her first homicide investigation, but her instincts were telling her, protect the evidence and move very carefully. Coming up Neighbor after neighbor told us we needed to hone in on the next door neighbors what Was going on next door. So you just straight up asked her, were you having an affair with John Nik? Yes. Funerals are never easy. John Niks was particularly grim.


John was wearing a turtleneck in the casket and when I went early the next morning I moved the turtleneck down and saw the slash wounds where his head was almost severed. John never wore a turtleneck in his life, but That wasn the only way to cover up how he died. That wasn an emotional rollercoaster in a lot of ways, but That wasn also an opportunity to get together and share John's stories, Tears and memories. Now That wasn time for friends to talk to the police. The morning after I was at the police station and was questioned because I was one of the last people at his house just a few days earlier.


Did they have to look at you as, as someone they needed to eliminate? Yes. Yeah. So they asked a lot of questions of, of me and and my relationship with John and things of that. The Blairsville police spent a lot of time speaking with John's friends, neighbors, and even drinking buddies establishing alibis and checking out shoe sizes to compare against the bloody prints left in the house. They already knew the prints didn't belong to Zach, the boy who found the body. Were you certain that those footprints were the killers? They had to be. I don't know who else it could have been. It had to be. So find out who belongs to the footprints and you'll probably find your killer.


It's a big clue. Yes. They started with the neighbors and in this town where everyone knows everyone, police learned a lot. Your officers are are told that there was some commotion or some some noise at one 30 in the morning. Right. According to Jennifer Mealy, one neighbor said the sound was just awful. So you have one neighbor who hears what he believes to be a pig squealing. In the early morning hours of the murder, Another neighbor heard what sounded like an argument, A man yelling something specific. I'll never loan you money again. The neighbor across the street is hearing someone say, I'll never loan you money again.


Correct. Interesting. Since they're among John Niks papers, police found a blood spatter check from Zachary's mother, Melissa uses who lived next door Neighbor after neighbor told us we needed to hone in on the next door neighbors, the next door neighbors had the biggest connection to John Yanick. Did John ever talk to you about Melissa use? No. No. I knew that they went to high school together and I knew that Melissa was wanting to open a bakery and I knew John being John. He didn't care about money at all. And so he was giving, loaning her money to start up a bakery in Blairsville. 15,000? Yes, $15,000.


Melissa's married, Melissa's married. But Rumors start up that John and Melissa are having a fling. I never heard those rumors until after the murder that there was, people were seeing them on the porch or that there was, you know, neighbors paying attention and thought that something was going on because her husband was in the Navy and he would be gone for periods of time If the rumors of an affair were true. Police had to consider the possibility that Tom use Melissa's husband and the father of the boy who found the body was involved in the crime. That must have really bothered you that the fact that That wasn a rumor Around town.


Yeah, John would never do that. John was never that kind of person. He would never do that to somebody. And you know, my mom was like family to him. Was that something that you had to look at closely? Yes, I had to look at everything Do What do you, how do you go about that? What? What's your Strategy? I was bold. I was bold. So you just straight up asked her, were you having an affair with John Nik? Yes. What did she say? No, We're just really good friends for a long time. Did You believe her? Yes. Ick also spoke with Tom uses And did he think that they were having an affair? His wife and John? He wouldn't answer the question directly. That's kind of strange. He kept saying about I have to take care of the kids.


Officer Lick decided to keep Tom uses on her list of possible suspects. Not that they were sharing this information with anyone. The police were playing this case pretty close to the vest. When a murder investigation in a rural community begins, the release of information often comes in drips. So it wasn't a big city murder, so it wasn't a big city press conference about what happened. But at one point the police did offer information to calm the public's fear. And I think the first press information, if I'm not mistaken, locally in Blairsville, was a statement from the chief of police in Blairsville saying that the people of Blairsville shouldn't be worried.


This is an isolated incident. And so I took that to mean, okay, they, they know that John was targeted, so they must know more. Did police know enough that they were about to catch a killer? Not in this case. Not even close. Coming up. She goes, I need you girls to help Me enter the investigators from another realm. Psychics come into this. Yes. Because we were so looking for clues leads. When Dateline continues, The people who lived on John Niks quiet little street were startled awake by the sound of yelling, even screaming on the night of the murder.


And one of the neighbors heard a kind of argument, Someone yelled, I will never loan you money again. John Nik may have loaned money to Zach's parents, but police learned. He also loaned money to a number of people. One of them was a cousin, Tracy Jacobs. Alright, Tracy Jacobs, someone else you looked at. Why? He also borrowed money. He wanted to start a lawn mowing business or lawn care business. He borrowed $20,000 to be exact. I didn't know anything about him, so I wanted to find out more about him and try to find out if it's a possibility.


Jacobs told police, John had never asked him to pay back the money and police couldn't find evidence of any bad blood there. Did you have him take a polygraph? I did. And He came back clear. He passed. So no Tracy Jacobs police question. Other people with financial ties to John Yanick, including his business partner. Turns out they were talking about splitting up the practice. What happened there? We looked into him only because he was trying to get out of the partnership. In the end, police cleared the business partner. But suspicions about Tom use seemed to linger. Had it gotten out around town at school that your dad was being looked at?


Yeah, at school. Actually, kids would tell me all the time, you know, we heard your dad did it. And I would tell them like, he did not do it. He did not do it. You know, like, where did you even hear that? And you know, they're like, oh, my parents said it or you know, the TV said it or you know, they said that he was a suspect or whatever. It must have really hurt. It did it. It hurt a lot. Melissa was worried about the toll. This was taking on her family. So she launched a very different kind of investigation. Your mom had the the medium psychic sisters? Yeah. Suzanne and Jean to help out. Yeah. Meet Suzanne and Jean Vincent Pittsburgh's psychic sisters.


How did you get involved in this case? We got involved in this case when we went up to a psychic tea party. Melissa Yus attended that tea party and the sisters say they sensed her fear and despair. The police were looking at her husband Tom, as a suspect. Yes. Or a a person of interest. She was very, she. She could not sleep. She was very fearful. The kids were fearful. The whole family was the a murder, a bloody murder was right next door to their house. Melissa was so desperate to clear her husband's name. She asked the sisters for help And she goes, I need you girls to come back and help me. Would you please come back to Blairsville and do a walkthrough through John Yen's house?


And we said that we would Psychics come into this. Yes. You know, at the time, because we were so looking for clues leads, you know, you bring in whoever might help in that area. As they walked through the house and yard, they reported feeling warm spots, cool spots, and they said they saw a black SUV and a woman with dark hair among other things. As we were going through the house, we had a flash of dog tags and then we had a flash that this person was in the military. As we were walking through the house, The psychics later made a few more visits. Eventually the media took an interest. Even the police came along to hear what the sisters had to say, what's happening in that house as you're all going through the house with these psychic sisters?


I just kind of followed along and in the back of my mind saying really, I guess the question really is at this point, were you becoming a little bit desperate or, or frustrated? So maybe, maybe they could shed some light on it. No, I was more upset with the family pushing it to get things done when I still had more work to do. So you were kind of placating them that like, here I'll, I'll do this for you. I, yeah, I figured it couldn't hurt and I had the time and I'm like, okay, let's go down. Listen to what they have to say. Did you learn anything from them? No. Did you feel like they were helping from what you were hearing?


Let's say I didn't learn anything new. The psychics told Melissa, they could see that her husband had nothing to do with the murder. The police were already coming to that conclusion. For one, he had the wrong shoe size. He's has like a size 13 shoe or something like that. Huge shoe. And their, his footprints were not anywhere near that. Police also learned that Tom uses had a good relationship with John Yanick and when he passed a polygraph, he was taken off the list. So as neighbors, friends and distant relatives fell off the radar, police started to hone in on someone else Coming up.


What did you learn about John and Michelle's marriage? It wasn't good. Stunning moments from a stormy marriage. Michelle started yelling, screaming at him. How dare you. You need to get out. The cops came to his dental office and arrested him.


Acorn TV is your partner in crime. It's the psychological to your thriller, the murder to your mystery, and the who to your who done it. That makes Acorn TV your perfect partner for streaming. The acclaimed new series The Gone Last Time, two tourists went missing here they ended up Dead. Don't miss the gritty crime mystery. The Gone Now streaming exclusively on Acorn tv. Your partner in crime visit Acorn TV and use promo code Pandora for a 30 day free trial. Acorn tv brilliant


High five Casino lets you play your favorite slot in live table games like Blackjack with a chance to redeem for real cash prizes. High Five Casino has a giant selection of over 1200 games, including hundreds of exclusive games only found on High Five Casino. It's always free to play and free coins are given out every four hours. Ready to have your own High five moment. Visit high five casino.com. That's high. The number five casino.com. No purchase necessary void or prohibited by law must be 21 years or older terms and conditions apply.


Hey friends, Ted Danson here and I wanna let you know about my new podcast, it's called Where everybody knows your name. With me, Ted Danson and Woody Harrelson sometimes doing this podcast is a chance for me and my good bud Woody to reconnect after Cheers wrapped 30 years ago. Plus, we're introducing each other to the friends we've met since like Jane Fonda, Conan O'Brien, Eric Andre, Mary Steenberg, my wife and Flea from the Red Hot Chili Peppers. And trust me, it's always a great hang when Woody's there. So why wait, listen to where everybody knows your name, wherever you get your podcasts.


Blairsville police officer Janelle Lick worked around the clock chasing down leads in the brutal slang of John Yannick. You really cast a wide net looking for suspects. I did because at that point the neighbors could have been suspects. Anybody. Was That wasn hard not to take the murder Personally, you lived just a few blocks from John Yanick. I lived three blocks away from him. So this murder happened in your backyard And it happened two doors down from my kids' best friends where they would stay or play. So I was not comfortable in letting my kids go there anymore.


For a while. Even more reason, lick was keen to make an arrest and quickly still, she believed this was no random killing. The more people she talked to, the more lick suspected John's marriage had something to do with it. What did you learn about John and Michelle's marriage? It wasn't good almost the whole way through. I've often wondered at the end of the day when everybody else was gone and That wasn just John and Michelle sitting in the house after the kids went to bed, what, what would they talk about? Did he confide in you about his relationship? Over time, he started to open up to me more and more and expressing to me that he was unhappy. They were just so different.


Dennis says Michelle enjoyed showing off her big house with the pool and its hot tub and wine cellar. John seemed embarrassed by it until Dennis' favorite room was in the basement Of all things That wasn the furnace room, this tiny little wasn't much bigger than a closet. He said, you know, this is really the only place in this whole house that I feel comfortable. Which The furnace room, the furnace room, this dark dingy spider webby room. But what did Did that say to you? It broke my heart. Maria says That Wasn obvious Michelle just wasn't that into John. John was affectionate toward Michelle, but I never saw Michelle be affectionate back to John.


She always seemed distant or almost put off by him That wasn always like, or you know, he was just there. Four years after their quickie wedding in Las Vegas, the marriage imploded. What was causing this battle to brew? The biggest event that I'm aware of from what John shared with me was when Michelle came to John and said that she had been involved in an extramarital affair and that'll do it. Yeah, John had a confession too. He told Michelle he'd had a brief fling with someone in his office, According to John.


Michelle just basically lost it. Started yelling, screaming at him, how dare you have an affair. Even though She had one. Yes, and at that point she said, I, you know, we're gonna get a divorce. You need to get out. So he did. The day John moved out was the day Maggie McCartan met him for the first time. Her boyfriend was John's close pal and they went to help him pack up. I felt terrible for him and I felt very bad for jj. Both were incredibly sad. Maggie says Michelle seemed anything, but She talked a lot about the fact that they, she was seeing someone else, that he was great in bed, that he had a lot of money and was buying her all these presents, saying this to someone she just met.


You're a stranger to her, A stranger to her. And in front of her little boy. After the split, John moved into that modest house in Blairsville. He saw JJ whenever he could. He'd go to the amusement park. He would take him to movies he would take him to on trips. Anything that JJ really wanted to do, John was up for. He was an awesome dad. JJ loved him, Which is why what happened next shocked everyone. A year and a half after they first separated Michelle accused John of child abuse, choking the five-year-old and punching him in the face. Maggie said it couldn't be true. So you and your boyfriend were with John the weekend that he is accused of, of choking his son.


Yes. Yeah. Did you see anything that would, would suggest that that could be true? Never. I never saw him raise a hand to that boy. Much less a voice. He was just not that type of person. He was a very gentle, loving father. A judge ordered John to stay away from JJ and Michelle. Not long after Michelle reported John for violating the order. The cops came to his dental office and arrested him and kind of took him out the back and try as he might 'cause he did try to keep his sense of humor about it. He called me and said, Hey, I was just in the clink. I, you know, they hauled me away in silver bracelets trying to, to make light of it.


But I knew that that for him was a turning point. John denied everything. But after months away from, JJ agreed to take anger management classes so he could see him again. He also got himself a hot hotshot divorce attorney. When Michelle tried to stop John from taking JJ on a trip to Disney World, Effy Alexander was ready to fight for him in court. Coincidentally, John's son went to the same school as the judge's children. So every excuse that Michelle threw at the court as to why he shouldn't go, the judge literally picked up the phone and called the principal during the hearing. And That wasn all, it wasn't true that he can't miss school, that they have a policy that he'll get behind in homework.


He was six years old. He was in first grade. The judge said JJ could go and that's when things got weird. John calls me and says, Hey, I went to pick up JJ for this trip, and his head was shaved. Did he have a theory about why, why this was happening? No, other than I think just he thought, at least what he shared with me was she shaved his head so that, you know, he look like a prisoner in these pictures. John's friends say the father and son had a great time on the trip, but there was something that upset John hearing JJ talk about Michelle's boyfriend, the state trooper.


If he was mad at John, he'd say, well, I'm just gonna go and trooper's my daddy, or not my daddy anymore. JJ wasn't the only issue. John and Michelle were battling over. They were bickering over money too. John's receptionist later told police, Michelle made angry calls to the dentist asking for money. Maggie, you talk about John almost being a hostage. Absolutely. She'd call and you know, scream at the, the young ladies who worked in his dental office and I think he was just so embarrassed and mortified. He just kept giving her more and more to try to appease, appease her A less than attractive portrait of the beautiful.


Michelle was coming together for police as they talked to some of the people who knew her. She was money hungry. It's the very first thing I heard about her. Gold digger. Gold digger, Which made the investigator wonder. Michelle was the beneficiary of John's will and his million dollar life insurance policy of everyone around John. Maybe she had the most to gain from his death Coming up. He was sobbing and he said, I, I don't know if I'll ever see my son again. An explosive new front in the battle with Michelle and later concern grows. Would John's killer be caught?


Something's not going well here. There's just no reason for this to take so long. This had the whole town just uneasy. When Dateline continues. Continuing with our story, small town dentist John Yannick has been murdered in his own home. I saw John Lang right There. I still remember being taken back. He had fought fiercely for his life and were about to learn. He had also feared his death. He wanted to send me $10,000 to investigate his murder because he was convinced that he was going to be killed.


A chilling premonition that had come true. Could police catch this killer? Something's not right. Something's not going well here. Doubts creep in about the investigation To the family, to, to even people watching this, they'll say, that's detective 1 0 1. He probably was one step ahead of me every time. Here Again, Andrea canning The poison in John and Michelle's broken marriage had never been more obvious to John's cousin Maryanne than on the day of his funeral. Did Michelle come to the Funeral? No, Michelle did not come. Did she? Did she send a flower? Did you talk to her? Did she Give a reason?


Nothing. Did his son Come? No. The funeral director told Maryanne that Michelle, who was still John's next of kin, hadn't wanted anything to do with the body. You know, how do you dismiss a human being much less you know your husband and the father of your child and say, you don't care what hap what they do with the body. John's friends and family told Investigator Lick how ugly the divorce had been, the incessant wrangling over money and little jj and then things got worse, the accusations, then things got worse. Yes, That wasn an explosive allegation. A year before the murder, Michelle said John sexually abused jj.


She reported that to the Pennsylvania state police. 6-year-old JJ told investigators a story that backed up his mother's allegations. People might wonder how, how a, a boy that young could come up with stories like that if they weren't true. Why would he tell stories like that? Right. I don't, a boy that age shouldn't, unless he's being coached at home or being told what to say. John was ordered yet again to stay away from JJ and was summoned to the Trooper Barracks to explain himself. Dr. Yanick seemed like a nice guy. He seemed pretty mild mannered. I mean, he wasn't jumping up and down screaming or anything. Retired. Trooper Jeff Whitmer spent 15 years as a criminal investigator.


He sat in on the interview as John denied everything. He was calm, he really was. And I, like I said, I think he really wanted to at least help us get to the bottom of things. John agreed to take a polygraph and passed. No criminal charges were ever filed, but That wasn up to a judge to say whether John could see JJ again. His divorce attorney showed the judge what she considered to be proof. The abuse never happened. A home video John had made the day he was supposed to have molested. Jj The video showed that he, JJ loved this day with his dad. He smiled and was so happy and at the end he turned around and said, I don't wanna go home, daddy, I love you.


I had so much fun and he looked right into the camera and said it. The judge also spoke to JJ in her chambers that day in chambers. Did John's son actually say, you know what, it didn't happen. No, John's son didn't say it didn't happen. So He kept saying That wasn hap That it happened. He repeated what was alleged repeatedly and She just wasn't Buying it. She wasn't buying it. And no judge that has experience with those types of allegations would have bought it. It just sounded too rehearsed and too coached. The judge made a finding that there had been no abuse and dismissed the court order preventing John from seeing his son. How happy was John? John was so happy, but he was also leery that, you know, I won the battle, but I'll never win the war because I know Michelle.


It's not Over. It's not over. Michelle denied ever coaching jj, but John's friends were sure she had fed him the story as a way to hurt John during their bitter divorce. This was a way of her manipulating him to give her whatever she wanted in the divorce. She was using a child as a pawn in this game of money. After so long apart, John was excited to pick up JJ for a Thanksgiving visit. Zach went with him. It didn't go well. What happened during this pickup? So JJ was deathly afraid. Blake was screaming, kicking Hootin, holler, and Michelle was, you know, saying, oh, you're scaring him.


You're scaring him. John called me and never heard him crying like this. He was sobbing and he said, I, I don't know if I'll ever see my son again. So this was irreversible damage? Yeah, it, it must've felt like Yes, Because how do you, how do you turn that ship around? You can't. You can't. John was defeated. JJ didn't visit him for Christmas that year. Those presents police found in John's house after the murder were JJs unopened, still waiting for him. Friends say after the failed reunion, John wanted the divorce negotiations done so he could focus on repairing his relationship with jj.


In January, 2006, John and Michelle finally reached an agreement. Michelle would get 60% of their assets and they'd share custody of jj. That must have felt good in this ongoing saga. That wasn a relief only because I felt we had been very generous towards Michelle. I felt that the deal was fair, But Michelle seemed to get cold feet during the separation. John had been paying her spousal support amounting to $2,500 a month. The divorce agreement cut that off. Michelle wasn't happy about it. She had her attorney call me that didn't work.


She had other people talk to John that didn't work, but she knew what had been fail proof in the past. When she called John and asked for money, he always gave it to her. So she Resorted to That. She resorted to it, but This time it didn't work. Well. He held his ground at my advice. Not long after someone vandalized John's car. John's divorce attorney says this incident sparked John's extraordinary premonition about his own murder. John called me one day shortly after his car had been vandalized and he just really blew me away. He told me that he wanted to send me $10,000 to hold to investigate his murder because he was convinced that he was going to be killed and that his murder would be covered up and that the evidence would be buried along with him and that it would go unsolved.


That's one of the craziest things I've heard in this job. Predicting your own murder and wanting to set aside money for the investigation. That's almost a ridiculous plot line. It's almost like he was writing a story about his life. Yes. That wasn so chilling Coming up a suspect gets a closer look. He would stand over John in a menacing Manner and new questions about the police investigation. I thought, are you smoking something because This is, does not make any sense.


Hey friends, Ted Danson here and I wanna let you know about my new podcast, it's called Where everybody knows your name. With me, Ted Danson and Woody Harrelson sometimes doing this podcast is a chance for me and my good bud Woody to reconnect after Cheers wrapped 30 years ago. Plus, we're introducing each other to the friends we've met since like Jane Fonda, Conan O'Brien, Eric Andre, Mary Steenberg, my wife and flea from the Red Hot Chili Peppers. And trust me, it's always a great hang when Woody's there. So why wait, listen to where everybody knows your name, wherever you get your podcasts.


The other day I saw a meme showing a baby in a womb and That wasn captioned. This was the last time I slept. Well. Now at first I laughed, but then I got concerned because That wasn true. I always figured bad sleep was my fate until I took a leap of faith and replaced my pillow. Coop's original adjustable pillow seriously solved my sleep issues before Coop. I tossed, I turned and I woke up with neck pain, feeling exhausted. Now I sleep comfortably and wake up feeling refreshed. Whether you're a side back or stomach sleeper, you can customize the pillow's height by adding or removing the fill, which is this blend of microfiber and memory foam that doesn't go flat. Don't settle for sleepless nights and groggy mornings. Try coop risk-free with a 100 night trial and get 20% off your first order. Better Sleep Starts with Coop's adjustable pillow. Visit our website@coopsleepgoods.com slash health. That's COOP sleep goods.com/health.


Dear Old work platform, it's not you, it's us actually. It is you. Endless onboarding constant. It bottlenecks. We've had enough. We need a platform that just gets us. And to be honest, we've met someone new. They're called monday.com and That wasn love at first onboarding. They're beautiful dashboards. They're customizable workflows got us floating on a digital cloud nine. So no hard feelings, but we're moving on monday.com. The first work platform you'll love to use.


John Niks divorce papers had been found by crime scene investigators just a few feet from his body. He'd been planning to sign them that day and finally be free of his toxic marriage. They were blood splattered. They were sitting on his table. So I mean that's such a, just an eerie visual. I know. You know to to think of the divorce papers with blood on them. Yes, from this murder. Literally. Literally like the blood was on the papers that he was to sign to finalize his divorce. John's friends were sure his divorce battle with his estranged wife. Michelle had something to do with his death.


They got together after his funeral to swap theories. So is everyone kind of on the same page? Absolutely. Their friends about who could have done this. I don't think there was anybody who came up with an alternate theory. If they did, they didn't. They didn't voice it at that time. And that theory focused, not so much on Michelle, but rather her boyfriend. Kevin Foley, who happened to be a Pennsylvania state Trooper John told friends Trooper Foley didn't seem to like him one bit. John would go to pick up or drop off jj and from what John described, he would stand over John, you know, in a menacing manner or stand out on the porch with his arms crossed and stare John down, things like that.


After Michelle accused John of abusing jj, he told friends. The trooper got even more aggressive making verbal threats. Maria says, John was scared. I said, John, we have to do something. I'm coming out to Blairsville and we're gonna go see the police. And he said, Maria, what police can we go see? We can't go to the Blairsville police Department. They called me outta my office. We can't go to the state police because Foley's one of them. He said, we don't have anyone to go to. Other friends say they found it hard to believe that a state trooper sworn to protect people and uphold the law could be a danger. My mom would call and say like, John's still being bothered. And my response out of being so naive, I dunno what the word is, was always state police don't do that.


Now, John was dead and Maryanne was one of nearly 10 people who told the Blairsville police that Trooper Foley should be their number one suspect. We thought that that message had been received loud and clear because we spoke with law enforcement and anybody who had listened. We were giving them all the information we had. I gave them the, the memo that I had put in the file after John had offered to pay $10,000 to investigate his murder because that was the best I could do In the small town of Blairsville where local and state police often crossed paths. Trooper Foley was no stranger to police officer Janelle ick.


He was a criminal investigator. So in a normal world after this murder happened, Kevin Foley potentially could have been called to aid in the investigation. Yes. That's irony. That's Why That wasn so difficult. Lyx says the trooper was already on her list of suspects thanks to a patrol officer who'd seen him with Michelle after the murder. She said that Foley had a mark on his forehead and she asked how he got that and he said he just came back from hockey and got hurt in hockey. Did it seem like a plausible explanation given that he plays hockey? I Don't. I don't know. It threw up a little bit of red flag Lick, listened to the friend's stories about Foley with interest, but because of who Foley was and the pressure she says she was under, she made an unusual decision before she zeroed in on Foley.


She said She wanted to eliminate everyone else first. I went backwards from the way I think it, that most people do it. I looked at everybody. It could possibly have been First I wanted to make sure that nobody else could have possibly have done it. You went from the outside in? Correct. When John's friends called police to ask for status updates, they heard the same thing. We're looking at this case outside in. Did that make sense to you? Not at all. I thought, are you smoking something because this is does not make any sense. You start with and see where the case leads you. I mean, you don't have to watch cop shows to realize that's the way it's done.


And yet they told you it's not like you see on tv, right? That'ss the line Many, many times heard that It does seem outrageous that this person is not being looked at closer, Right? And they want to make me or friends feel like we're expecting the impossible. Why is that so impossible to do? Why? Why is that expecting too much? I know they wanted me to go up and arrest fully right away, and it's like you can't do that. You just can't walk up and arrest somebody when you have the possibility of it could not be him At the end of the day. Ick admits That. Wasn hard to think of fully as a killer in the past. She trusted him with her life.


I've worked with him, you know, on other cases he's been my backup. You know, I let him behind me with a gun and I was okay with that. I was safe, and so I guess I didn't wanna believe that. Remember before he was killed, John had predicted his murder would go unsolved. Now his friends and family worried he was right Coming up. What was going on inside the investigation. That's a real head snapper. The, the district attorney telling you not to interview someone who had a real issue with John Nik. Did you feel like That wasn wrong? Yes.


When Dateline continues, Those close to John Nik thought his murder should be easy to solve. They told police on day one, the prime suspect should be Michelle's boyfriend, state trooper Kevin Foley. We'd all take turns calling the police. What's the status? What's going on? Why haven't anything happen? Did you quickly start to have an uneasy feeling about the the thoroughness of, of this investigation? Yes, almost instantly. Like something's not right.


Something's not going well here because there's just no reason for this to take so long. Maryanne Clark Seethed Michelle had custody of JJ and was living with the trooper. We'd be hearing all the stories about Kevin and Michelle adopting another child and just going on with life as though, you know nothing's wrong. Trooper Whitmer worked in the same state police barracks as Kevin Foley. He agreed with the family that Foley should have been looked at harder Right away. He says Foley didn't hide his dislike of the dentist. You know, he, he'd come into work, he'd be venting, you know, like talking about John did this or John won't do that. Whitmer was dispatched to the crime scene within hours of John's body being found and says colleagues were already talking about Kevin Foley.


A couple people were coming up to me and like re making references to Kevin, like, boy, where was Kevin last night? I hope he had an alibi last night. That type of thing. You know, kind of gallows humor type thing. Foley was put on desk duty back at the barracks. Whitmer says it made for an awkward working environment. We were told informally not to talk to Kevin about the homicide or the investigation. There wasn't anything in writing, but the, you know, the word was out. Don't bring it up to him, don't talk to him about it. When an investigator went to the barracks to interview troopers about what they knew, officer Lick says, they didn't say much. They may have not lied, but I don't think they gave us everything.


Is there that kind of code of silence with some of them, like protect the brother at all costs kind of thing? Yeah, and I think in my eyes, I think that's what the family thought I was doing too. Does the saying thin blue line apply here? Yes. Trooper Whitmer believes That wasn complicated but not corrupt. There is reluctance to think the worst about someone is, you know, especially someone you work with. You know, 'cause you know if you're wrong, you still gotta work with this person. Ick says from the beginning she felt in over her head and she worried what her fellow officers would think of her. How intimidating was it to be investigating a state trooper?


Very, 'cause I had probably 50% of them. Like, how could you possibly do this? How could you investigate one of your own Lick says she and her chief hesitated to send a key piece of evidence to the state crime lab, John's fingernail clippings. You just, you wanted to be extremely careful about who was handling your evidence correct and something else that didn't happen. Something big. A formal interview with Kevin Foley, I think to the family, to, to even people watching this that they'll say, you know, that's, that's Detective 1 0 1, interview the strange spouse and her and her new boyfriend, especially when there was feuding going on.


This was a bitter divorce battle, But he's a state trooper. It's not like I could walk up to him and he knew it. He knew what I was planning. He, he probably was one step ahead of me every time, But why not even try that first day to interview them? I don't know. I don't know why we didn't do that. I didn't because I was with the scene. I was there for 24 hours. Lick says the decision to not interview fully right away wasn't her call. That wasn the decision of then District Attorney Bob Bell. I mean that's a real head snapper. The, the district attorney telling you not to interview someone who had a real issue with John Yanick.


I don't know his reasoning behind it. I didn't ever ask Did you push back at all? No. He was a district attorney. He was there for years. He knew, hopefully he knew what he was doing. Did you feel like that That wasn wrong? Yes, The DA Bob Bell knew there were suspicions about Foley right away. Foley's supervisor in the state police called the DA that night as soon as he heard about the murder, telling him to get a search warrant for Foley's house, but he didn't. John's family and friends wondered if Da Bell was giving the trooper special treatment. So you asked the DA what his relationship was with, with Trooper Foley?


Yeah. I just finally raised the question with him. Do you do, have you worked with Kevin Foley before in cases? Do you have a relationship with him? And he said, no, I don't. I don't know Maryanne. So she heard the same thing when she spoke to Bell at the crime scene. I told him that we felt strongly that Kevin Foley was behind it and his reaction was, do we have a state trooper named Kevin Foley? But Bill did know Foley. They'd worked cases together. Dennis did a quick Google search and found this photo of them in the local newspaper. You didn't need to be a detective to figure that out.


No. Or find that photo. No. The former district attorney denies ever saying he didn't know Foley, but told us they were not friends. As for why he didn't immediately get a search warrant for Foley's home, He says there wasn't enough probable cause. He also told us he didn't want Officer Lick to interview Foley because she was too inexperienced. This was a tricky investigation given, given the fact that this is a small area, everybody knows everybody. We got state troopers, we got local police And I, you know, having no experience in any kind of police work or anything like this, like I hadn't at the time, no clue of how very tricky That wasn and how instantly everything could just be mishandled.


As for the state police troopers from a barracks not connected to Foley, stepped in to help with the investigation and later took it over. They did some things that the Blairsville police hadn't. They eventually obtained a search warrant for Foley's car, but found nothing ditto for the house he shared with Michelle. The investigation dragged on months became a year, and Maryanne ran out of patience. She decided to make some noise. She organized a vigil. The vigil was to, to keep investigating. Was that the idea That wasn to to keep it out there? Yes, to keep it out there and to remember John and just to, you know, for people to, who were still waiting neighbors.


I mean, this had the whole town just uneasy, But their weight was about to come to an end with a big change. In the case Coming up, what would those fingernail clippings in the fridge reveal and a vehicle caught on camera the night of the murder? If he's the killer, then we should see his truck. Was it Kevin Foley's?


Hey friends. Ted Danson here and I wanna let you know about my new podcast. It's called, where everybody knows your name. With me, Ted Danson and Woody Harrelson sometimes doing this podcast is a chance for me and my good bud Woody to reconnect after Cheers wrapped 30 years ago. Plus, we're introducing each other to the friends we've met since like Jane Fonda, Conan O'Brien, Eric Andre, Mary Steenberg, my wife and flea from the Red Hot Chili Peppers. And trust me, it's always a great hang when Woody's there. So why wait, listen to where everybody knows your name, wherever you get your podcasts.


The other day I saw a meme showing a baby in a womb and That wasn captioned. This was the last time I slept. Well. Now at first I laughed, but then I got concerned because That wasn true. I always figured bad sleep was my fate until I took a leap of faith and replaced my pillow. Coop's original adjustable pillow seriously solved my sleep issues Before Coop, I tossed, I turned and I woke up with neck pain, feeling exhausted. Now I sleep comfortably and wake up feeling refreshed. Whether you're a side back or stomach sleeper, you can customize the pillow's height by adding or removing the fill, which is this blend of microfiber and memory foam that doesn't go flat. Don't settle for sleepless nights and groggy mornings. Try coop risk-free with a 100 night trial and get 20% off your first order. Better Sleep starts with Coop's adjustable pillow. Visit our website@coopsleepgoods.com slash health. That's coop sleep goods.com/health.


Did you know adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't? From swimming lessons to piano classes? As parents, we invest in so many things to enrich our kids' lives, but how much are we investing in their future financial success? With Greenlight, you can teach your kids essential skills like earning, saving, and investing, giving them the tools for financial confidence. This investment costs less than an afterschool treat at Starbucks. Start prioritizing their financial education today with Greenlight. Invest in their future at greenlight.com/podcast.


Maryanne Clark was relentless from the beginning. She challenged and criticized the investigation into her cousin's murder. That wasn a daily battle. It really was a daily battle. You Weren't going Away. No, that's what I said. I'm not going away. Whatever this takes and something has to break, eventually something has to happen To try to make something happen. Marianne called Pennsylvania's Attorney General, the highest law enforcement officer in the state asking him to take over the case. Tony Retic was the Deputy Ag. Marianne Clark had been involved in politics at the local level. She knew the then Attorney General on a first name basis.


It's pretty admirable that she wasn't going to give up on justice for her cousin. Well, she did not give up. No Maryanne's efforts paid off. One year after John was killed, Tony crusty took over the case and called a meeting with John Yel Knick's, friends and family. How did you feel leaving that meeting? Rejuvenated. They just came in with an air about it. They knew what they were doing. I mean, we all felt a lot more hopeful than we had in a long time. We just all felt a sense of like things are gonna start happening and he had the power to do it. When the prosecutor first looked at the case, he thought That wasn absurd, that Kevin Foley and John's wife Michelle had not been immediate targets of the investigation.


Despite all the ugliness that swirled around the yal, Nick's broken marriage, She spewed hate about how she felt about John Yannick. That was the life Kevin Foley was living, that Michelle was just constantly saying what a horrible man he was. She fueled that hatred. Investigators never questioned Michelle or Kevin and by the time KRAS took over That wasn too late, Kevin Foley had lawyered up and wasn't talking. Why were Michelle and Kevin not taken down to the police department and questioned like other people were? I mean, obviously you have the two main suspects.


I can't in any way excuse the failure to at least attempt to interview Michelle and Kevin. Despite that acrostic didn't see a conspiracy to protect the trooper. In fact, He says a lot of evidence had been gathered by Blairsville PD and the state police and he wasn't sure why DA Bell hadn't done more with the case. Well, the case had kind of languished a a bit. They were kind of treading water. The DA told us he was being cautious, wanted more evidence and welcomed the Ag G's help in the case file. KRA saw that investigators had gone back to interview more of Foley's fellow troopers and the prosecutor found what they said alarming.


What did they learn from them about Kevin's relationship with John? Let he say I I wish John Yannick was dead. I wish he died a horrible death. I wish he died in a car crash. This was daily. This was after Hello CROs was given security camera video from the two convenience stores near John's house that showed a truck passing by at around 1:00 AM About 30 minutes before John's blood curdling screams were heard by neighbors. An FBI specialist had tried to match the video to Foley's truck. The analyst found that there were similarities but also dissimilarities.


She could not exclude that vehicle. It's not perfect, but it sure doesn't look good for Kevin Foley. If he's the killer, then we should see his truck. We see his truck Forensic pathologist, Cyril w had described the crime scene as one of the most violent he'd ever seen. The killer had chased John around the house and then slaughtered him, most likely using a single edged blade. This was clearly a a killing of passion. Kevin Foley was a knife guy. He had this commemorative state police knife, which was very sturdy knife. He played with it so often he'd flick it open, close it, flick it open, close it. The murder weapon was never found, but CROs was convinced Kevin Foley had the means, the motive, and the opportunity to kill John Nik.


But still, it wasn't an airtight case. The prosecutor needed more. Remember John Yel Knick's fingernail clippings a year after the murder. They still hadn't been tested for DNA. I said, well, do I have to make a phone call because they're gonna be tested. The clippings were sent to the FBI lab. When the results came back, they pointed to Foley, but it wasn't a perfect match. Wasn't it true that the DNA really could have matched thousands of people in the Blairsville Pittsburgh area? Oh, absolutely. Yet they still included Kevin Foley along with all the other evidence. That's not a slam dunk in, in a trial. Well, it it's not a slam dunk.


No, Maybe not enough for a slam dunk in a trial, but altogether enough to bring charges. On September 27th, 2007, nearly a year and a half after John Yannick was killed, Kevin Foley, a Pennsylvania state trooper, was arrested and charged with first degree murder. DA Bell was there for the announcement praising law enforcement. It is a testament of how well they worked together and never had a give up attitude that has caused this case to be resolved as it has been today. A state police commander talked about how difficult that resolution was. That wasn obviously a very dark and disturbing day for the Pennsylvania State Police.


Take us to the moment when you find out that Kevin Foley has been arrested. What was my birthday? That wasn like the best day ever. That wasn such a sense of like finally justice is being served Coming up. The trial begins and those bloody shoe prints make a mark. That was an aha moment. Then a groundbreaking DNA gamble. Had it Been used before in court or was this the first time? No, That Wasn the first time. Talk About questionable doesn't sound like science to me. When Dateline continues.


The murder trial of Trooper Kevin Foley started in March, 2009 in the old courthouse in Indiana, Pennsylvania, A small town best known for being the birthplace of an American icon, Jimmy Stewart Drive down the street. You see statues of Jimmy Stewart. I mean, what's more American than that? But this case was not going to be tried by some homespun country lawyers. The Deputy Attorney General of Pennsylvania had come to town with a very modern high tech presentation To walk in historic courtroom and see flat screen televisions and every kind of electronic multimedia device possible.


In this case, they put it to use As the trial got underway. Prosecutor Tony Crotty described John Yel Knick's murder in great detail using 3D animated computer graphics to give jurors a virtual tour of the crime scene and projecting disturbing photos of John's body on the wide screens for all to see. Dennis, you're particularly bothered by a slash on his hand? Yes, this was the hand that picked up little jj. This was the hand that I shook at my wedding. That was the picture that made it seem more real to me than any of the others. The others looked like horror movie stills, but that hand just went right to my heart. KRAS addressed Foley's motive by calling his fellow troopers to the stand.


They described how Foley would get enraged when talking about the unproven allegations of child abuse and said he hated John and wanted him to die on the night John was killed. The prosecutor thinks that hatred may have boiled over because John was going to sign his divorce agreement the next day, drastically reducing his monthly payments to Michelle. Maybe he was going there to try to bully him into continuing the alimony, trying to just threaten him in some way. All of a sudden he starts to fight him. Now we have a fluid scene, so now the passion takes over. Kra methodically laid out his case for the jury. He called Terry Shallow, a director from the athletic shoe company, Asics.


He'd analyzed the bloody shoe prints found at the crime scene. We knew that That wasn an ASIC shoe, and we thought almost immediately that That wasn a particular style of shoe called the Gel Creed. Shallow told the jury the Gel Creed was a limited edition shoe not sold in Western Pennsylvania, but he said there was still a way for the trooper to get a pair. We had a law enforcement purchase program where police officers and even firefighters could order from Asics directly at a discount. So shallow checked ASIC's records and right there in the files he found something to connect Foley. We had direct evidence from a purchase order with his signature on it, and that was an aha moment.


KRAS introduced the DNA evidence from John's fingernails. Remember, the FBI analysis wasn't conclusive. They reported a ratio of one in 13,000. That result didn't exclude fully, but it didn't mean the DNA was his beyond any doubt. So KRAS turned to Dr. Mark Perlin whose bio information company Cyber Genetics, had developed an innovative new computer technique for analyzing DNA data. Had it been used before in court or was this the first time? No, That wasn the First Time. At the time of the trial, F-B-I-D-N-A analysis was still being done by agents, not a super computer. It's Like comparing a Ferrari with a go-kart.


Perlin's computer analysis in the Foley case had come up with an astonishing result. The prosecutor thought That wasn the smoking gun. According to Perlin, this was definitely Foley's DNA 189 billion to one 189 billion to one. What exactly does that mean In this case? What it means is that a match between Dr. Yellen's fingernails and defendant Kevin Foley is 189 billion times more probable than a coincidence To defense attorneys Richard Galloway and Jeffrey Monzo. The DNA evidence was more a smokescreen than a smoking gun.


You tried to discredit the science, the DNA, what was your strategy with that? Talk About questionable science, junk science. The evidence was sent to the FBI, which is the premier lab for DNA testing. They found it to be one in 13,000 that is exceedingly low, and eventually they send it to this new guy, Perlin and Perlin says, I put it into my machine and it comes out the other side and it's one in 5,000,000,189 billion. Okay. If you include Mo Mars and Venus and everywhere, that's such a disparity that it doesn't sound like science to me.


Dennis Vaughn was paying close attention to the jury during the back and forth on the DNA and didn't like what he saw. I was watching the jury intently during that, and to me it looked like there were a lot of glazed expressions, and so I was worried that they were gonna miss the point. Defense attorneys told the jury Kevin Foley was an innocent man, that on the night of the murder he played hockey and then went home. They tore into the investigation, not for the reason. John's friends and family complained about. They said the opposite. This was a rush to judgment. Right from the get go in the newspaper, they, they were pointing to Kevin Foley. The defense pointed the finger at others, including John's neighbor Tom uses, and they called a different neighbor who described hearing that argument the morning of the murder.


He clearly heard someone yelling, I'll never loan you money again, and heard glass breaking. Of course, a window was shattered in. In this case, Kevin Foley didn't owe Dr. Yannick any money, so that certainly didn't fit in with Kevin. The defense also told the jury about a convict who reportedly made a jailhouse confession that he killed John Yannick. The state found that to be somewhat laughable, this inmate That was their way of rejecting him in front of the jury Doesn't seem to be something you can easily laugh off. The defense called its most important witness. The defendant, Kevin Foley, the trooper, acknowledged his dislike for John, but denied any involvement in his murder and May more important than what he said was the way he said it.


To many Foley seemed calm and steady on the witness stand. Kevin was someone you believed in and I thought That wasn good that the jury got to meet him, so to speak. After watching Foley's testimony, John's friend Dennis was troubled For me to be able to come to terms with what happened. I had to paint in my mind that Foley was a boogeyman, that there was something inherently evil. He wasn't. He was just like anybody else, and I still have trouble accepting that Michelle Yannick, the victim's wife, the defendant's girlfriend, and the woman at the heart of the story was conspicuously absent from the courtroom throughout The trial, we thought, okay, maybe she'll make an appearance.


Maybe they'll call her to the stand. They had said in their opening arguments that she would provide alibi. Witness testimony never showed up. John Yanick feared he would be killed and predicted there would be no justice afterward. But after eight days of testimony, his murder case went to the jury. The justice system was about to speak. Coming up, They came back with a, a question which was, please redefine beyond a reasonable doubt, An agonizing wait for a verdict. What would it Be? We're sitting in that courthouse on pins and needles And what was in store for Michelle Was an effort made to try to find evidence against her.


There's always more to the story to go behind the scenes of tonight's episode. Listen to our talking Dateline series with Andrea and Blaine available Wednesday. It had been a tense trial and Dennis Vaughn was there almost every day. It felt like a very winding road. There were evidence that seemed kind of shaky at times, and I'm watching the jury and I was just absolutely emotionally and physically exhausted just from going through that whole process. The jurors deliberated for four hours and then asked to speak with the judge.


They came back with a, a question which was, please redefine beyond a reasonable doubt, which is the worst possible question that a, a prosecutor can hear. Did that make your heart skip a beat? Well, I, I, yeah. I wasn't feeling all that well, but it didn't improve my condition. No. The jury went back to deliberations. Two more hours passed In most of the murder trials that I have covered. I could have told you ahead of time what the verdict was gonna be. I really wasn't sure what the verdict was going to be in this case. I kept thinking to myself that how I see the world from this day forward really is in the hands of 12 strangers.


While Michelle never showed up in court, Maryanne learned she was paying close attention. As we're sitting in that courthouse on pins and needles, we find out through a family member that Michelle was at home with welcome home signs and balloons and planning a big party for that night whenever he was acquitted. Finally, after six hours, the jury returned to the courtroom with a verdict. There would be no welcome home party for Kevin Boley. The jury found him guilty of first degree murder. What's that moment like for you? Well, it, it's, it's more one of relief than anything else That wasn a real sense of satisfaction.


I don't have any doubt that he did it, That wasn like, okay, we got the right guy. A bad apple In law enforcement. He was, Maryanne had been a passionate advocate for her cousin. For her, the verdict was an emotional release. You just wanted to collapse. I mean, 'cause all of this work, all of this time That wasn Justice, justice, Justice for John. Finally, As pleased as Maryanne was about the verdict, there was something that nagged her. One person she believed still had not been held accountable. John's wife, Michelle, I don't think she planned how it would be. I think she made it clear she wanted John gone.


I think she was the one that had to gain from it. In fact, before the trial started, Maryanne had filed a wrongful death lawsuit against Michelle and Foley in a court filing. Michelle denied any involvement in John's death. She also said she was not aware of and did not fuel any alleged hostility Kevin May have had toward John Maryanne dropped the suit after the trial and Michelle never faced any criminal charges. Do you think Michelle Nik got off easy in all of this? I didn't have the evidence to charge her. If I had the evidence to charge her, I would've done that. To the extent that, that she may have provoked this to use that expression, well, that's something that, that she has to live with if she can.


Was an effort made to try to find evidence against her? Oh, constantly, yes, but we took that side of the case as far as we could. Not long after the trial, Michelle moved out of state to build a new life with JJ and her other children. As soon as he was convicted, her bags were packed and she took off to Georgia, so never, never had to face us. Maria Koleski has unfinished business with her friend John, to relay a message to jj. He said, if they had me killed, tell JJ that I loved him and that he was my whole life, and someday get in touch with them and make sure he knew how much I loved him.


Kevin Foley was given a life sentence for murdering John Yanick that ended the legal case, but what happened in court here had a profound effect on the justice system. Dr. Mark Perlin's technique for DNA analysis is now considered state-of-the-art technology and is accepted in courtrooms around the world and in the quiet community where John Nik lived and died. The emotional ripple effects are still being felt That wasn stunning to have a state trooper from their community, convicted of murder. It really is going to be decades before this community will get over something like this.


It's been years since John Nik was killed, but for those who loved him, the grief is still very wrong. I don't think you ever get over a murder. You learn to live with a new reality, but it's always with you. I Wanted people to, to understand he was a good man who didn't deserve this, to make sure people understood how much he was loved. One of my favorite photographs that I have of myself and John is in a frame engraved with my brother from another mother. If there was ever a person that I knew that deserved to die peacefully in bed, surrounded by a loving family, That wasn John.


That's all for this edition of Dateline. We'll see you again Friday at nine eight Central and of course I'll see you each weeknight for NBC Nightly News. I'm Lester Holt for all of us at NBC News Night.


Hey friends, Ted Danson here and I wanna let you know about my new podcast, it's called Where everybody knows your name. With me, Ted Danson and Woody Harrelson sometimes doing this podcast is a chance for me and my good bud Woody to reconnect after Cheers wrapped 30 years ago. Plus, we're introducing each other to the friends we've met since like Jane Fonda, Conan O'Brien, Eric Andre, Mary Steenberg, my wife and flea from the Red Hot Chili Peppers. And trust me, it's always a great hang when Woody's there. So why wait. Listen to where everybody knows your name, wherever you get your podcasts.