
Get charged up for the all electric accuracy DX experience. Impressive range. Your choice of complimentary charging packages, a bang, an Olson premium sound system, and a three month SiriusXM trial subscription granting you access to ad free music plus sports news, podcasts and more. Visit your local Acura dealer for the most electrifying offers of the season and lease the ZDX for $0 first month's payment and $1 due at signing. Make your future electric Acura Precision crafted Performance.


Dateline is sponsored by Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about in a good way. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDA


That wasn The Night Before Christmas When all through the house not a creature was stirring. Not even a mouse. The stockings were hung by the chimney with care in hopes that St. Nicholas soon would be there. The children were nestled all snug in their beds while visions of sugar plums danced in their heads. And Mama and her kerchief and I and my cap had just settled down for a long winter's nap. When out on the lawn or a rose such a clatter, I sprang from the bed to see what was the matter away of the window. I flew in a flash and tore open the shutters and threw up the sash. The moon on the breast of new fallen snow gave the luster of midday objects below.


And what to my wondering, eyes should appear, but a miniature sleigh, an eight tiny reindeer with a little old driver. So lively and quick. I knew in a moment it must be Saint Nick. More rapid than eagles. As course as they came. And he whistled and shouted. Called them by name. Now dasher, now dancer. Now Prr and vixen on. Come on. Cupid on Donda and blitzen to the top of the porch to the top of the wall. Now dash away. Dash away, dash away. All as dry leaves. And before the wild hurricane fly when they meet with an obstacle mount of the sky. So up to the house, talk his courses.


They flew with a slave full of toys and Saint Nicholas two. And then in a twinkling, I heard on the roof the prancing and pawing of each little hoof. As I drew in my hand and was turning around down the chimney, Saint Nicholas came with a bound. He was all dressed in fur from his head to his foot. And his clothes were all tarnished with ashes and soot. A bundle of toys. He had flung on his back and he looked just like a pedler, opening his pack, his eyes, how they twinkled his dimples. How Mary, his cheeks were like roses. His nose like a cherry. His droll little mouth was drawn up like a bow. And the beard of his chin was white as the snow.


The stu of a pipe, he held tight in his teeth and the smoke, it encircle his head like a wreath. He had a broad face and a round little belly that shook when he laughed. Like a bowl full of jelly. He was chubby and plump. A right jolly old elf. And I laughed when I saw him in spite of myself, a wink of his eye and a twist of his head soon gave me to know I had nothing to dread. He spoke, not a word, but went straight to his work and filled all the stockings and turned with a jerk and laying his finger aside of his nose and giving a nod up the chimney. He rose, he sprang to his sleigh, to his team, gave a whistle and away they all flew like the down of a thistle.


But I heard him exclaim air. He drove out of sight. Happy Christmas to all and to all. Good night.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh, or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bes. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, good hike. The bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem Call one 800 Gambler.