
Get charged up for the all electric Acura Z dx, featuring your choice of complimentary charging packages, an impressive range, and a bang, an Olsen premium sound system. With a three month trial subscription of SiriusXM, transform your ride into the most extensive and personalized audio experience on the road. Visit your local Acura dealer for electrifying offers on a 2024 Acura ZDX Acura Precision crafted performance


Brought to you by the Capital One Venture X card. If you love to travel, the Capital One Venture X card is perfect for you. Earn unlimited double miles on your purchases and turn them into extraordinary travel. Enjoy premium benefits at a collection of luxury hotels when you book through Capital One travel and get access to over 1000 airport lounges worldwide. Capital One, what's in your wallet? Terms supply. See capital one.com for details.


I would tell her how much I miss her and that I love her, and that she's the reason why I am who I am today. She was the first one in our family to go to college, Fiercely intelligent and Fiercely Her opinion. Her phone was off. I immediately was like, this isn't right. Didn't take her car, didn't take her purse. We realized there was something wrong. First thing you look at who's closest to her romantically or geographically, I said, are you ready for whatever we're gonna see when we walk in there? He had a thumb drive of Lauren's.


He had all of her pictures. We had a sick individual. We had To find. There's another level of evil Here. I didn't know who to trust. This happened to Lauren, who's next, That wasn a summer morning in the heart of Georgia. Heat rose, thickened, damp among macon's, grand old antebellum mansions as the sweaty morning traffic crawled by something in the air that morning. Something off maybe just the trash truck. This was a 90 degree day toward the end of June. There was a hot wind blowing that day.


Joe Kovac was down at the local paper crime reporter there, and all of a sudden I can remember the buzz in the newsroom. Oh, this would be big, big and disturbing. Like sometimes things can be in the south, said Joe, That wasn a shock. A shock to the system. Yeah, But there's something else about the south, something sweet magnetic. It draws people in and naked with its storied history. And its cherry blossoms is its very heart. It's slow relaxing.


Everyone here is welcoming. Even for a New Yorker named Ashley Mueller who signed up at the Mercer Law School here, You never meet a stranger, I guess in the south. That's what makes it so wonderful and comforting. It's where she met Lauren Giddings. When we found out we both were from the north, we just instantly connected on that. But then why wouldn't she wanna connect with Lauren? She was bigger than life. She was infectious. I mean, you couldn't be around her for more than five minutes and not already be having a good time. She was the adored eldest of three sisters, youngest Sarah.


We would always go on runs together. Caitlyn in the middle. She was more like a bookworm. She loved to read academics. Lauren grew up in Maryland, halfway between Baltimore and DC with her friend Katie O'Hare. She was a riot. The things that would come out of her mouth sometimes didn't have a filter. Why did she go south to go to school? She loved the south. She was a country girl at heart. And when she got there, she loved it. She didn't wanna come back up here. And Lauren certainly knew what she wanted, wanted to be a lawyer, but not one of those corporate types or even a crusading prosecutor. Lauren wanted to be a public defender, a voice for the poor and the accused.


Why did she wanna do that? She always wanted to help people. Huh? Always. And Mercer Law School perched on its hillside in one of Macon's sweet spots, seemed just right for her. She was a fan of Nancy Grace. Nancy Grace graduated from there. Oh, well, Lauren found a great apartment right across the street from the law school That wasn full of aspiring lawyers. Her next door neighbor was a classmate. Even the maintenance man was a student. And soon she was everywhere, running in the park, active in her church, eventually president of her law school's, Federalist Society. She was hard to miss. She showed up in her pink outfit, Always pink, Always pink or even seersucker, And always with her dog butter bean, Fluffy blonde hair just like she was.


And she carried it around all the time. Always. She basically was El Woods and legally blonde. So we always kind of jed her for that. That wasn, no surprise, she attracted a lot of men. She always had people kind of infatuated with her. That's how she was. Like David, she interned at his law firm in Atlanta. He was 20 years older, but their relationships seemed pretty serious until apparently it wasn't. Being in school is hard, and they weren't living in the same city or anything. And besides Lauren was a flirt. I mean, she liked attention And she got it from a classmate named Joe.


He was more like goofier side and you know, her age. So they became an item. But there was something about David, some chemistry that drew her back and she gave Joe the bad news. Lauren was up front and told Joe, and that was that. A little bit broken hearted on Joe's part. Think so? I think so. He really liked her. Yeah, who wouldn't? Anyway, at graduation time, May, 2011, David was there to cheer her on. That wasn a big event for the whole family. We went out after her graduation with her friends and got to know everybody.


And just a month later, another celebration up north, her sister's wedding. I Did wanna say how special this wedding is. Obviously Not because Lauren was made of honor my sister's wedding, and then back to Macon for the final hurdle. The bar exam. A busy and scary time for a young lawyer to be. Absolutely. But first That wasn everybody's kind of last hurrah, That wasn. Friday night end of June, 2011, the graduates gathered at a local bar for one last blowout before hunkering down to study. They closed the bar, went to Ashley's boyfriend's place. Lauren's ex Joe was his roommate. Eventually we just all kind of decide we're gonna go to sleep now.


I mean, Yeah, Mind you, there was alcohol involved. So Surprise, surprise, Right? Lauren stayed the night in Joe's room and the next day everybody was moving a bit slowly. I did not see Lauren that morning. I didn't see Joe that morning either. We just kind of assumed they were in the room together. And then That wasn time to buckle down, all of the friends, Joe included, went off to cram. Really, you kind of just go into this hole and study constantly and don't really have any contact with anybody. So it took a few days to realize no one had heard from Lauren.


I immediately was like, this isn't right. Alarm bells for one friend while another steals herself to enter Lauren's apartment. I said, are you ready for whatever we're gonna see when we walk in there? Because at that point in time, you just have this almost sort of dread That wasn photos from that wedding trip up north that set off the alarm, the selfies, KA O'Hare snapped. And then nine days later texted to her friend down in Macon, Lauren Giddings, And they were kind of like funny.


So I know she's gonna respond to me and be like, oh my gosh, if you post that online, yeah, I'm gonna get you. But no response. Was she studying too hard to look at a few photos? Katie tried again the next day and the day after that. And again, no response. That's not normal for her and I, we would talk a lot. Katie called Lauren's cell phone And her phone was off. And I immediately was like, this isn't right. So I called her sister Kaitlyn, and I said, Lauren's phone's off. She has been answering me for days.


Have you heard from her? No, she had not. So Kaitlyn reached out to Lauren's law school friend Ashley. Her sister contacted me over a message on Facebook. Hey, like trying to get in touch with Lauren. Have you seen her like let her, can you let her know we're trying to get in touch with her? Like we haven't heard from her. This was Wednesday. And now thinking back, Ashley hadn't seen Lauren since that pre-study party. Friday night, Ashley went to Lauren's apartment, her car was there. She knocked at the door When she didn't answer. I didn't think anything of it. I assumed she was running. I assumed she was studying somewhere. So she let it go. But then a few hours later, Her sister contacted me again and said, Hey, this is an emergency.


We've been trying to call her and she still is not answering. Now Ashley began to worry. So she and her boyfriend returned to Lauren's place and used a spare key to go inside. First she warned her boyfriend. I said, are you ready for whatever we're gonna see when we walk in there? Because at that point in time, you just have this almost sort of dread That wasn dark. By then We had to walk pretty far back into the apartment to find a light to turn on. Searched her bedroom, she's not in there. What they did find was quite puzzling her Purse, her keys, her cell phone, her Id all on the couch, her laptop on her bed, As if she just gone out for a run or something.


Exactly like that. But no her, No, her and Butter Bean, her dog had been at home with her parents in Marilyn. So the fact that butter bean wasn't even there, wasn't concerning to us. The fact that she wasn't there hours later, you know, that's when it got, it became real. Something else occurred to them. Lauren was due to move out the next day, June 30th, but Nothing was packed in boxes. But it definitely looked like she was getting her stuff together to be able to pack it. She'd already told her friends, her plan was to move to her boyfriend, David's place in Atlanta, an hour and a half up the highway.


I mean, that was supposed to be the plan. That was Lauren's plan. Even though some of Lauren's friends thought they weren't right for each other. I dunno if I wanna use the word flaky, but her relationship with David was flaky. Lauren's family called David. He said he hadn't talked to her in days. I remember specifically him like hanging up and then calling back like a couple minutes later. Like, wait, like what's going? You know, like what is going on? Back at the apartment, Ashley rounded up Lauren's law school friends, including that ex-boyfriend Joe with whom she'd spent the night last time many of the friends saw her. Joe immediately went to the law school to search the law school for her.


Well, the other friends took a careful look around the apartment. They found some food wrappers and in her car, a receipt from a Zaxby's restaurant drive-through That wasn timestamped Saturday, 6:08 PM the evening after that pre-study party. But now That wasn Wednesday night, The Zaxby's was at that point in time, four days old. So where did she go for a run? Did she have some sort of accident or was it something even worse? Lauren's friends knew. She spent time visiting prisoners when she was an intern at the public defender's office. That would make you wonder about some of the people she encountered. She encountered all sorts of people.


You know, she would visit the jail often. Maybe someone took an unhealthy sort of liking to her and then they remembered something. Lauren said the night of that last pre-study party, She had thought she, someone had been stalking her, but we didn't really pay much attention to it because of who Lauren was. She was a girl who always had admirers, who stood out. Just about everybody who lived in the apartment complex knew Lauren, including of course her fellow student and next door neighbor. And he wanted to help search for her. He asked about window locks. Somebody check her windows to see if they're open or locked Or, yeah, I think one might have been unlocked.


Friends also checked Lauren's computer and discovered that her last online activity was an email sent Saturday night. This was disturbing That wasn an email to David That wasn Eerie. What'd it say? Essentially that she thought someone was trying to break into her house a night prior. I think she referred to the person being a hoodlum. Making hoodlum The ultimate fear that some evil stranger had taken their friend Lauren Giddings. We started systematically taking each room and trying to find any evidence that we could, using all the techniques and science that was available to us at the time.


Investigators searched Lauren's apartment with a forensic tool that reveals a critical clue, hiding in plain sight That wasn like A light switch. A true crime story never really ends even when a case is closed. The journey for those left behind is just beginning. Since Our Dateline story aired, Tracy has harnessed her outrage into a mission. I had no other option. I had to do something. Catch up with families, friends, and investigators on our bonus series after the verdict. Ordinary people facing extraordinary circumstances with strength and courage, It does just change your life.


But speaking up for these issues helps me keep going. To listen to after the verdict, subscribe to Dateline Premium on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or@datelinepremium.com.


Hey everybody, I'm Al Roker from the Today Show. I am so excited to kickstart the new year with help from our all new Start Today app. It has everything you need for your wellness journey, all in one place. Fitness challenges for all levels, meal plans that are easy and delicious and so much more. It's built to fit your lifestyle and our experts will guide you every step of the way. Come on, let's do this. To subscribe, download, start Today from the app store on your Apple device. Now terms apply. Cancel any anytime through Apple under profile settings.


I'm Keith Morrison. This story is about the end of the world. A frostbitten pet, cemetery, and zombies. This is a story about a woman linked forever to the awful things that happened to her children. It has to be heard to be believed. Think you know every Dateline story. Think again. Listen to Mommy Doomsday and a dozen other riveting series. When you follow the Dateline Originals podcast, there is a special torture to being far away when a loved one is missing.


Go to sleep that night. No, I basically had the laptop in front of me and my cell phone and kept going back and forth. Around 2:00 AM Thursday, Lauren's sister woke up their dad. He has a hundred questions and I didn't have an answer to any of them. I didn't know anything. You know, her apartment was empty, her stuff was there, Unable to sit and wait for answers. Lauren's dad packed up his car and started the 11 hour drive to Georgia. Macon Police. Now part of the sheriff's department looked around Lauren's apartment the night before, but by morning was still no sign of her. Detectives were called in and with them crime scene investigators, Steve Gatlin, do crime scene techs go work on missing persons cases normally.


Not normally, but this was something that was a little different. She Was a social animal and she would, you know, they don't just vanish right, Exactly. To just disappear with, with no trace of not talking to anyone That wasn unlike her. So Gatlin looked up at Lauren's front door, second floor, left side. Nothing seemed to miss out front. A garbage truck lumbered up, but blocked by the police cars was unable to empty the complex as trash bins. The truck moved on by then Lieutenant Gatlin was in the apartment looking around, It just looked like somebody walked out and shut the door. Puzzling the day was hot already a humid breeze scattered across the yard.


And When we started coming down the stairs here, that's when the wind kind of hit you in the face. Yeah, and you could smell something. You could smell a foul odor, A recognizable foul odor. Pretty much That was the smell. Lieutenant Gatlin was all too familiar with. He followed his nose to one of the trash bins outside the apartment. We opened it up, looked in there and I saw two trash bags. He pulled out the bag on top, ripped it open, typical household trash. And then I went to the bigger one, which is a large size package That wasn a trash bag that as soon as I felt down and and reached down and touched it and felt it, I felt like it had had some human remains in it.


And then to his growing horror, he realized That wasn just part of a body, a woman's torso, nothing else. We started cording everything off with crime scene tape, even used sheets to put up barriers on the other side of the fence. So the news media and the general public couldn't see what we were doing because at that time with this investigation, they didn't need to know yet. No, just in case we didn't wanna mess anything up. If it got out too quick, what we had found. And meanwhile better take a closer look at that apartment. We started systematically taking each room and trying to find any evidence that we could, using all the techniques and science that was available to us at the time.


One of those tools was luminol. A spray that turns blue when it comes in contact with blood Lieutenant Gatlin sprayed it in Lauren's bathroom and That Wasn like a light switch. I mean the whole bathroom glowed. What did you think when you saw that thing light up that way? That tub? I probably can't say on camera. I'll clean it up. I was thinking, oh crap. Because the whole tub all the way up to almost two inches from the top had the same glow. But this was strange. When they dusted for fingerprints and checked for hairs and fibers, they didn't find much at all. Did somebody wipe everything down? Because you would think you would find other people's fingerprints and things like that.


This wasn't going to be easy. Police had already rounded up. Lawrence's friends at her neighbor, didn't want them to know about the discovery. Took them all downtown to record their statements. And while they were there, there Was a call to our newsroom Reporter Joe Kovac covered the story for the Macon Telegraph. There had been a body found outside an apartment upon Coleman Hill. Police had tried to keep their discovery quiet, but didn't take long before the news was online. And back in Maryland where Lawrence family had gathered, My uncle came in, he asked, you know, have you heard the news? And we're like, no we haven't. I mean we we're in Maryland.


Tell us what you're talking about. And he said, well, they found a body. And at that point, you know That wasn just hysterics. Was it her Must be downtown investigators resorted to method Who's closest to her romantically or geographically. Start close as they say, close to the victim. But how close? Oh, they had no idea. You are thinking about your friends and you're questioning your friends. You're never asking them, Hey, did you do something to Lauren?


But you're, you're wondering in your mind, Can't stop that wondering. No, I mean, who do you trust? You can't really trust anybody. And that's terrifying. Police look at the men in Lauren's life, her boyfriend David and her ex Joe. They wondered, could there have been a love triangle gone wrong? Some people react badly to that sort of thing very Badly sometimes.


Lauren Kitty's father was on the road to Macon when he heard the terrible news That wasn likely Lauren, whose body they found. And so he went to police headquarters to meet with now retired chief of police, Mike Burns. He wanted to identify his daughter. We told him no. And then he was insistent he wanted to identify his daughter. So I cleared the room, told him that it wasn't chief to father, his father to father. He didn't want identify. I told him, that's not the last way you wanna remember your daughter. And then Chief Burns told Lauren's father what they found that he didn't need to see that He just sort of stared at me.


And he said, I agree. And that was pretty much the end of the conversation. Wow, You give a lot of death notices. But that was tough. I mean, I got a son and three daughter and That wasn tough. But who, who would commit such a violent crime? Dismember a victim and then cover his tracks so carefully. Like someone had planned That wasn killing to satisfy some sick craving. Did you think that morning maybe we're dealing not only with a sick individual, but potentially a serial killer? That was one of our concerns. That somebody, a serial killer could have gotten off interstate, killed her, got back on interstate and was gone.


Yeah. Or could still be lurking around town somewhere. That was another concern. Meanwhile, Lauren's friends and neighbors were sitting in separate interview rooms without their cell phones cut off from the news outside answering questions among them, the apartment complex's, maintenance man. Also a law student who said he hadn't seen Lauren for a while. Her neighbor said he hadn't seen her either. Steven, the law student right next door who helped try to find her. You've been home all week, right? All weekend. And you stated that you've, the last time you seen Lauren was either, either last week or a week before, but it's it's been a few days.


Yeah. I, Steven didn't exactly look like a lawyer to be, but he'd been her neighbor for three years and served with her in the local branch of the Federalist Society. So he certainly knew her. But like everyone else, he said he'd been busy studying With bar prep. We, we just work on it and work on it. There were more friends and cops talked to all of them. Even a running buddy who joined the party that Friday night at the bar You kinda hung out with, with her for a little while. I was there with her for probably 45 minutes that Night. But he said he hadn't seen Lauren since. Do you know where Lauren is? No.


Nobody was immune from suspicion. Even among that group of friends, You're thinking about your friends and you're questioning your friends. You're never asking them, Hey, did you do something to Lauren? But you're, you're wondering in your mind, Can't stop that wondering. No, I mean, who do you trust? You can't really trust anybody. And that's terrifying. Did that include Joe? Yes. I'm ashamed to admit it, but yes. Joe, the ex. What did you learn about him that Dated for a couple months?


Lauren called it off that he didn't call it off. Joe told detectives, Lauren spent the night in his room Friday night, but she left the next morning, said she was going to the pool at a local country club. But did she make it there? Detectives checked and We was able to trace down her credit card when she had made a purchase at the same pool. And that Zaxby's receipt, her friends found that was timestamped 6 0 8 Saturday. So they pulled the video, hard to tell, which was Lauren's car. And if anyone was with her, Joe for example, had he rejoined her, impossible to tell from this.


Really? No one could vouch for him. 'cause we were all doing our own thing. We were all studying. It seemed pretty certain Lauren was still alive and well at 10:13 PM because that's when she sent that strange email. Her friends found on her computer Essentially that she thought someone was trying to break into her house on a, a night prior. The recipient of that email was the man she intended to move in with David. Now the detectives wondered if they were dealing with a love triangle gone wrong. Had David found out about Lauren's night with Joe. Some people react badly to that sort of thing very Badly sometimes. Yeah.


So down at the station detectives question David on tape. We found a body. We don't know if it's her or not. I just heard that this coworker told me on the way down. Alright, So I need your help. You've got it. Well, somebody knows something. David told the detectives he was far away the weekend. Lauren disappeared, Had taken a golf trip to California, Said he hadn't talked to her in a while. So you're telling me the whole time you were going to California, you didn't call her check in with her or nothing? No. Then you landed in Atlanta and just go back to your apartment or a house and you didn't even call her and tell her you were home or anything?


No. If, if you Look at the email she sent me, mind you, the detective had already heard from Lauren's law school friends, people That she goes to school with says that y'all have had problems We've never had recently. We've never, well, in March we kind of stopped talking and then through May, and that's in her graduation, she sent me an email saying, would you at least please come? I'm just asking. But they, that's what they told Me. No, I understand that. But I, and no, but it is because it's never been like fluid and continuous because when I felt the pressure of the commitment, I just kind of backed off. But of course they couldn't just take his word for it. They asked David for proof receipts, documents to show he was away in California when Lauren was murdered.


So didn't he just hand them over or what? He didn't have 'em with him. Alright, come on. David was free to leave the police station. They'd follow up with him, of course. And back at the apartment complex, they found something. But what did it mean? One of the men investigators have already interviewed is about to attract their attention all over again. I thought that's odd. Very odd. And then a discovery and a maintenance closet at Lauren's complex, it looks like blood.


Hey Guys, Willie Geist here reminding you to check out the Sunday Sit Down podcast. On this week's episode, I get together with Lisa Kudrow to talk about her new Netflix series, no Good Deed, and to reflect on her time as one of six friends on one of the most popular and enduring shows in the history of television. You can get our conversation now for free wherever you download your podcasts.


They called it the Happiest place on the high desert home to a tight knit group of 30 somethings who like to party. It starts as a Playboy channel fantasy. But this is real life Where passion leads to murder and a killer seeks God's help with the coverup. I'm Josh Menowitz and this is Deadly Mirage, an all new podcast from Dateline. All episodes are available now to listen ad free. Subscribe to Dateline Premium on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or dateline premium.com.


Lauren Giddings, friends and neighbors had spent hours at police headquarters answering questions but getting no answers back themselves. So when police dropped them off near the apartment, they were surprised by quite a scene That wasn completely blocked off. News reporters were there, Sheriff's office was there, crime scene was there. The TV people knew a body had been found. That's why they were here. But some of those had been down at police headquarters, weren't quite up to date. Like Steven, her fellow law student, and next door neighbor. He's telling, you know, yeah, we've been trying to look for Lauren. We've been out trying to find her. We don't know where she is.


Steven seemed relaxed and chatty as he talked to reporters until The reporter happens to mention, well, you know, while you were downtown with the police giving your statement along with her other friends. Yeah. She says, oh, and you know, they found a body and his face goes ashing. And I think He says body. And then he goes to pieces. The reaction that he gave. That's, that's odd. It's very odd. Lieutenant Gatlin checked on him. He Was sitting on a cooler outside of our command post. Someone was trying to talk to him and he just stared like he was staring off into space.


Was it just surprise or, or what? Steven had already allowed detectives to bring a cadaver dog into his apartment. And it did show some interest that That wasn hard to know if it meant anything. But that combined with Steven's odd behavior was enough to take him back downtown to the station for another chat. The questions a little more pointed now. Was you friends with Lauren? Yes. Look at me when you talk to me son. Okay. Was you friends with her? Yes. Every answer was yes. No hands on the table. We had to tell him to look at us when you talked to us. Steven, Did you hurt Lauren?


No. I know this is hard for you to tell it, but it's weighing on you right now, ain't it, Steven? I didn't do it. Steven didn't budge. He insisted he had nothing to do with the murder and didn't know who did. As he talked, investigators combed through his apartment, no blood, no side of any trouble. But this was interesting. They found some condoms in his dress control. Wouldn't be unusual, of course, for a guy Steven's age to have condoms, except Steven had told investigators he was a virgin and saving himself for marriage.


Interesting. So the detectives interview him, sort of changed course and says, why do you have condoms? The atmosphere changed a little bit. He got quiet, I guess he was thinking. And then He says, I got 'em from so-and-so's apartment. An admission that he stole condoms. Yes, he admitted right outta the apartments of two of his neighbors. So we charged him a burglary And well, they held him. They took a good hard look all around the apartment complex. This is like a community laundry room for the residents. So it's got washers and dryers in there And inside This is a maintenance room.


They found this other door, a maintenance closet locked up tight. They used a key, looked inside and found something, a hack saw was something on it. It looks like that's blood on each end of the saw blade where obviously somebody had rinsed it off but didn't do a thorough job. But wait a minute, who had a key to the closet? The maintenance man. He had a master key to all the apartments in the complex and the door where they kept supplies in the laundry room. So did you bring him in for questioning? We brought him back in. The maintenance man said he didn't buy that hacksaw and provided an alibi.


But by then the investigators knew the maintenance man wasn't the only one with keys because in Steven's apartment We found two keys on his dresser that stood out. One of 'em was a brand new key and the other's key with a Georgia bulldog ble on it. They tested the Georgia Bulldog key, That wasn master key to the complex, including the maintenance closet. And that second key Was cut to fit her apartment. There was a key to her apartment. To her apartment. To her apartment, yes. A key to Lauren's apartment. Why on earth would Steven have that? They got more search warrants to Steven's place and this time found women's underwear.


Test results proved they were Lauren's and then they found this, We found packaging for that same type of hacksaw in his apartment, But That wasn the same type as the one found in the maintenance room, same Size and brand and everything. Now they felt certain they had their man. They cleared Lauren's boyfriend David, an ex-boyfriend Joe, no surprise at all to Lauren's friend. I had never thought That wasn David. I never thought That wasn Joe. They eventually cleared the maintenance man too. And on August 2nd, five weeks after Lauren disappeared, Steven McDaniel, the quiet young law school grad, was charged with murder.


He maintained his innocence, pleaded not guilty, and really a crime. So awful. A dismembered victim. Steven had seemed so harmless, had no criminal record. The evidence against him was circumstantial. The district attorney wasn't confident. I was worried that unless we had more, that this would be a case where everybody knew that he did it, but nobody could prove it. So time to take a harder look at the evidence. A defendant who seems quite confident, There was a certain swagger that he and his team had.


I think they felt that they could win it, But investigators are about to discover something, a certain piece of deleted video. What was it like to see That? I knew we had it. Do they though Lauren Getty's law school friends couldn't make sense of it? How is it possible? Their odd, nerdy classmates, Steven McDaniel could do such a horrible thing. He was trying to make it seem like he was this innocent bystander.


And a friend of Lauren, When David Cook, who was then the Bibb County DA, had taken over That wasn already a death penalty case, but he wasn't so sure it should be. After all, they had no evidence to prove the cause of death. And this was a gruesome crime. Yet none of Steven's DNA was found in Lauren's apartment. And aside from the underwear, none of Lauren's DNA was found in Steven's place and the circumstantial evidence they did have. A good defense attorney could raise reasonable doubt, perhaps claims Steven had been framed. He could reasonably argue that the crime scene, particularly his apartment, wasn't adequately secure.


Sure. And that other people had access. Indeed they did. And therefore you can't prove I did it. Yeah. So there was a certain swagger that he and his team had. I think they felt not unreasonably that they could win it. And sure enough, Stevens highly regarded Macon attorneys had already accused the state of getting evidence from improper search warrants. I think there were eight or nine searches of Steven's apartment And Lauren's underwear and the apartment keys and the hacksaw packaging. All of that evidence that attorney Franco Ho should be thrown out. Did you believe that the prosecution was particularly worried about your challenges?


Yes, I did think they were. This, the defense attorney Hogue had known and admired Lauren. I was her teacher in a transition course from law school into law practice. In fact, Hogue told Steven before joining his defense team, Steven was all right with it Anyway. That's why Hogue knew Lauren herself was opposed to the death penalty. So he took it as a victory lap when the DA withdrew it. And then technology, the Georgia Bureau of Investigation that searched Steven's computers didn't find much, but now they had new software. The DA asked them to take another look.


I thought there is no way that this guy committed this kind of murder and doesn't have an internet history that would blow your mind. So he asked the experts to look for anything related to Lauren Giddings for sex and violence. And when they did, it just exploded. It's obvious that he has a fascination with sadistic pornography, murder, torture, dismemberment, Vi, and yet still not proof that he murdered Lauren. So spring 2014, nothing was certain. As Lauren's family and friends prepared to go to Macon for trial, It's like the rest of my life stopped That wasn all about Lauren and this trial.


And as the two sides were ready to face off in court with Steven still claiming his innocence, the FBI probed the secrets of Steven's digital camera and recovered this, oh my. The video was him spying on her the last night she was alive. He was all stealth. Must have taped his camera to a long stick, said the prosecutor so he could peer through Lauren's window and into her apartment chilling. Here was a predator in the final stage of planning. He was spying in there to see if she was home because that is the night I, I think he planned to kill her.


Lauren was right. She did have a stalker. Someone was trying to break into her place. What was it like to see that? I knew we had him. I just, I knew we had him. Attorney Hogue had to agree That would've been virtually insurmountable evidence at trial. And so in late April, 2014, Steven cried uncle he'd make a deal, plead guilty and confess to murdering his neighbor, Lauren Giddings. He admitted that he came into our apartment in the middle of the night and that he attacked her. Steven said he strangled Lauren to death, then dismembered her body, put her torso in the trash bin at the apartment.


The other remains in the law school dumpster. Over the years, police and volunteers searched for countless hours, even dug up a landfill, but never found anything. Lauren's loved ones, including boyfriend. David looked on as Steven was sentenced to life in prison. He'll be parole eligible in 2041. Steven the DA believes, had been planning to kill for a long time and took pleasure in what he did to Lauren. That wasn an obsession for him. His dream was to commit murder and to get away with it.


And he almost succeeded. Had the police not turned up to check out what was then a missing person's case. Had their cars not prevented a garbage truck from picking up the bin outside the apartment, The body would've never been discovered. And we never would've captured Steven McDaniel and we never would've gotten justice. And now memories of a friend's last party. And I remember hugging her saying goodbye. In retrospect, does it matter now that you did that? That you hugged her? Oh, absolutely.


Memories for a family of a daughter and sister who loved to run. I'm happy when I think about her. When I run, it pushes me to run farther. My daughter is named Lauren Magnolia. After Lauren Memories of a vibrant woman fully alive, Lauren Giddings, I would tell her how much I miss her and that I love her and that she's the reason why I am who I am today. I would tell her thank you. Rob and Sabrina Limon were just one of those magical couples They never fought.


Just happy, happy, happy. Sabrina and Rob settled in Silver Lakes, wholesome anywhere, main Street, USA. But turns out behind some of these doors, there are secrets about religion, about friendship, about sex and about murder. And I told them, I bet my life she's not involved. I prayed she wasn't. But would I bet my life on it? No. Don't miss the true crime mystery that inspired Datelines. Hit podcast Deadly Mirage. Friday at nine eight Central on NBC.