
Meta's Open source AI is an open invitation. It enables small businesses, startups, students, researchers, and more to download and build with our models at no cost, which means more people can build amazing things because when AI is open source, it's available to all. And when AI is available to all, everyone benefits, learn more about meta's open source models at ai.meta.com/open.


Hey, dc did you know it's illegal to toss household batteries in the trash? That's right. Batteries must be recycled. The good news call to recycle makes it easy. As DC's official battery recycling program, we've got drop off locations all across the city. Find one near you@calltorecycle.org slash locator. That's call to recycle.org/locator. Let's keep DC clean and green.


Hey, Dennis. Hey, Keith. How are you? I'm good. It's nice to see your Face. Nice to see you. It makes my day releases the endorphins. You're listening in to a morning meeting at 30 Rockefeller Center. This Is True Crime Weekly, right? Only this time it's not our usual team of producers talking about breaking crime news and what stories to jump on. It's the Dateline correspondence. There's A missing half hour, and that's, I wondered if that's where somehow the body was Moved. Did somebody help it? I don't Know. Welcome to Dateline True Crime Weekly. I'm Andrea Canning. It's December 26th, the end of another year covering true crime here at Dateline. We've had more than 250 morning meetings, broadcast more than 50 hours of original Dateline episodes and dropped more than 150 hours of podcasts.


Boy, I'm exhausted already. We Did all that. Geez. Yes. So we thought it might be fun to look back at some of our highlights from 2024. Josh, we survived an earthquake together during Yes, we did one of our talking Datelines. Yes, we did. That's Right. Well, I was here in New York. Yeah, you were in la. But what I mean, but That wasn like, I mean, you were here. What I mean, plus later on, we've got some true crime moments that didn't make it into a Dateline episode, but definitely got our attention. The insurance Companies realized that that wasn't really a bear, That wasn someone in a bear costume. Welcome to Dateline True Crime Weekly's. First ever Year in Review. Okay. We are going to just dive right in. Sure. This year, this year, it felt like we had more high profile female defendants than ever before.


There was Karen Reed in Boston, Ashley Benefield, the former ballerina in Florida, who shot her husband and was convicted of manslaughter Sarah Boone. She was the woman convicted of murdering her boyfriend by letting him suffocate in a suitcase. The Sarah Boone story is, I I I'm gonna say one of the most engaged stories on social media. That's my take from the year. Like, like just a lot of people wanted to know about that. You know, that has, that's, that's had a lot of followers. I, I have to tell you, I didn't follow that story that closely, but, but it occurs to me immediately when you talk about it, that it, everything old is new again, because we have done at least one, maybe more of victims being zipped into suitcases.


Before Dennis, back in March, you covered the Michelle RACIs murder trial, and that was another case involving a female defendant that got a ton of attention. This is the case, Andrea, of a woman named Jennifer Doulos, who lived in New Can Connecticut. She came back from dropping her kids off to school and was never seen again, and That wasn believed that her husband had murdered her in the garage. The authorities were closing in on the husband Foaz Dolos, but before they could take him to trial, he ended up killing himself. So, who was Michelle KOAs? Well, she was the live-in girlfriend of this guy, Foaz Dolos. And she was then charged with conspiracy to cover up, creating his alibi, helping in sort of aiding in abetting fashion.


This was an intense eight-week trial, Dennis, and you, you interviewed a group of Jennifer's friends who really came together after this her death. Yeah. It's funny what you're, it's funny what you remember after these stories, but in this case, they all agreed to come in and, and sit down in a circle and tell stories about their lost friend, Jennifer. That part of the story was great. That was a great element to the story. I learned something about the nature of friendship because these women who really didn't know one another outside of their common connector of, of Jennifer all agreed to go to the trial to just stand watch on her behalf. She's Dennis. She's still never been found to this day, right? That's Correct. This story particularly hit close to home for me because at the time when this happened, I had five children, I have six now.


Jennifer had five children, and it's only 20 minutes from my house. It's chilling That wasn such such A dropped five kids off Awful. And then never be seen again. Awful Story. Yeah. As, as I think of it, the case against Michelle KOAs, the girlfriend was kind of forensic light. They had kind of interesting things, but nothing added up to the smoking gun. And yet the jury came back very quickly, found her guilty, and she was sent away for 14 and a half years. So, but they still don't know where the body is. So many unanswered questions in that story, we should say. Michelle tracon was convicted of conspiracy to commit murder and not the actual murder itself. The other female defendants we mentioned, the former ballerina, Ashley Benefield, the suitcase murder defendant Sarah Boone, they were charged with actually killing someone, and they shared a common defense strategy that they'd been abused by their victims.


It's something that we come across in our dateline stories a lot. The backdrop of domestic abuse or toxic relationships. Well, we do. I mean, domestic abuse is a terrible problem. It certainly plays a, a significant role in spousal killings. You know, I guess when it comes to the kinds of stories that attracted the public's interest of the fem fatel killer is intrinsically more interesting to the public than, than males killing females, simply because males killing females are way more common. Well, the, the famous Margaret Outwood quote that, you know, men are afraid that women will laugh at them, and women are afraid that men will kill them. That would fit into so many dateline stories.


I mean, indeed it would, you, you, you literally could write that into, into any one of a number of scripts. Keith, you reported on a high profile case this year, which made us all think about whether abuse should or should not factor into what justice looks like. And that is, of course, the Menendez brothers. Right. Which everyone was talking about this year. It, It became a huge story and That wasn it, it's a testament to the power of social media. Millions and millions of people around the world commented and got involved e emotionally in what would happen to the Menendez brothers after, especially after the Netflix scripted series. A scripted series is based on a true story, but isn't necessarily true.


When I think that was a bit of a trip up for a lot of people who made some assumptions about the case and about the amount of abuse, which may or may not have occurred. The same questions were chewed over 30 some years ago. During the course of the first trial, the jury was hung in the second murder trial. The, the judge said the issue wasn't whether abuse occurred. The issue was whether the boys were in fear of their lives when they killed their parents. Therefore, he didn't allow a lot of the abuse evidence. Now, 30 some years later, the abuse became the central part of it. The original prosecutors of the case maintained to this day that abuse, if it occurred, was certainly not abuse that would've led anybody to kill anybody else.


And, and Keith, that, that prosecutor you interviewed, she really was, you know, very forthcoming About Adam is a good word. Yeah. How She felt. Yeah. I mean, she had some strong words, Very strong words, but the DA in LA decided to apply for the Menendez brothers released. God knows they've been asking for it for years, and they had been very well behaved in prison for a long time. Then he lost his reelection bid. So there is a new prosecutor in town. The new prosecutor is elected, the new prosecutor is much more conservative. Do the Menendez brothers still even have a shot? Well, The shot is diminished considerably. I, I, I don't think we know what the new prosecutor is going to do, So we're talking about old cases, suddenly new again.


It's not just the Menendez brothers. Josh, you covered JonBenet Ramsey's murder back in the day, and that's been getting a lot of new attention as well because of a Netflix documentary. And also law enforcement has recently come out and said, we're, we're not giving up on this local law enforcement. They, they wanna solve it. Local law enforcement has said that largely in reaction to the, the public reaction to the, the documentary that's out. Many people know little about that case, except they've seen that documentary whi, which has a point of view. Now, there is a considerable groundswell of opinion that evidence in the case should be tested or retested using modern DNA technology, and we will have to, we'll have to see where that Goes when people start talking about these cases.


Again, filmmakers getting involved, the public getting involved. Is that good or bad? Probable? It depends on the story. It seems to me that, you know, a compelling narration so often beats the facts. So the truth, yes. You want to impose a story on it, it is more appealing to you. Exactly. And then it moves into the streamers And, and there's Yes. And the emotional element to it that re really drives it, that, that probably shouldn't be allowed to but does. Yeah. Because it sells, you know, and then this notion of being able to, to take modern methods and retest material, which has been tested repeatedly over the decades, sometimes it's not as easy as all that. Well, Yeah. Testing is not only expensive, which is a, a, a concern people don't usually think about, but it's also consumes some of the sample and that that can be a problem with investigations going forward.


Very True. Very true. Okay, well, we've been speaking about old being. New question for all of our listeners. Which one of us here has been at Dateline the longest? Hmm. Oh, I know. When we come back, we Got the answer. The, is there a prize or the I know the Answer. We have to, to wait until we come back, Josh. Oh, we have a I know the Answer though, And we'll have some other stats when we come back. Which Dateline correspondent traveled the furthest in one day to get to a shoot.


Meta's open source AI models are available to all, not just the few, because they're open source small businesses, students and more can download and build with them at no cost. Learn more about the benefits at ai.meta.com/open.


Hey, DC did you know it's illegal to toss household batteries in the trash? That's right. Batteries must be recycled. The good news call to recycle makes it easy. As DC's official battery recycling program, we've got drop off locations all across the city. Find one near you@calltorecycle.org slash locator. That's call to recycle.org/locator. Let's keep DC clean and green.


Holiday Magic is in the air and DSWs got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow, styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants, like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock and more, and deals to make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you, or dsw.com


Welcome back to the show. Okay, before the break, we threw out a question. Who is the OG of Dateline? Who's been at Dateline the longest? I'm raising my hand. I know the answer to this Question. I vote for Dennis. I think it's Dennis. It has to be Dennis. Is it Dennis? I I think we compare driver's licenses once Keith, and I think, I think I've got you a couple, two, three months or so. I think you do. Dennis, Were you, were you on from day one? No, I was sort of the second wave. Okay. And here's the, the other question that we teased according to Dateline True Crime Weekly, Josh, you traveled the furthest distance in a single day. Yes, I get to a shoot, yes. What was that for? Yeah, this was, this was for a story in extreme northern Ontario, Canada.


This was to a town that was not on the Canadian Road system. You either have to fly in or take a train, or you can in the, in the colder months you can snowmobile up the river. We chose to take a train because we have all that gear. Yeah. So the trip there actually took the trip up was like two and a half days, and the trip back was like two days, and then I was only there like a day and a half. But it, it, it turned out to be a pretty interesting story That wasn a a couple of cold case murders from the 1980s in, in, in Toronto. And the, the man who was found to have been the murderer left Toronto shortly after the second murder went up there to the extreme cold small town.


And he was arrested a while ago and he is already been put on trial and locked up. He pled guilty and the last time I spoke to the police, he had not revealed anything else about other crimes he committed. But that remains a sort of big question mark because it's very, very unusual for these guys to just stop. Yeah. Genetic genealogy comes into play in that story of course. And it's really something we see all the time now, and it's become an issue in the murders of the four University of Idaho students. Keith, with your story, PhD criminology student Brian Berger is accused of fatally stabbing the students and we are still waiting for the trial, which has been pushed back twice.


The case is, you know, far from resolved the, the defense is making an issue of the genetic genealogy in this case because That wasn kind of a new way of trying to do it. Yeah. This is so interesting. We talked about this on the podcast before. According to court filings, investigators got DNA off a knife sheath, left at the crime scene, uploaded it to various publicly available databases to build a family tree that eventually led them to Brian Berger's father. And from there they zeroed in on the son on Brian. But the defense says they have all kinds of questions about this, There's enough sort of to get the defense making an argument or two, but I'm not sure how much success they'll have with It.


I get asked about that case a lot Yeah. By people, people bring it up, you know, online and in airports. Just a singular horror. Yeah. That wasn, That wasn truly was a Horror. And he of course has pled not guilty. He has pled not guilty, and he has a very good defense attorney who is making the best case possible for him. Speaking of technology, surveillance cameras continue to play an important part in the cases we covered this year. And Josh, you always say no one can expect to be invisible these days. They're everywhere. Not, not if you're outdoors. Yeah. Not if you have a phone. Yeah. And Josh, the surveillance cameras really came into play in the Bob Lee case, the cash app tech executive who was killed. And, and That wasn caught on camera.


Well, Yeah, That wasn but That wasn a tricky one. That wasn, That wasn caught on camera. I mean, you know, as Keith would say, or was it, and the question is, what does that camera show? There's definitely some video. Yeah. It's definitely blurry video, which throws a wrench in that. Right. And That's the, I mean, jurors in general, you know, who've watched TV shows believe, you know, and prosecutors will tell you this, they believe that you can take this cruddy, blurry video and make it crisper and better so that I can see exactly what's going on and we can read that license plate in the car and that technology is unquestionably going to exist one day, but not yet. Okay. How about the biggest twist of the year, Dennis?


I know jury selection had begun in the case of Donna Adelson, she's the family matriarch accused of orchestrating. Yeah, I mean that's the, How much time do we have? That's Son, I can't wait. That's one for Shakespeare. And she was arrested as she was about to board a plane for Vietnam. She was the most wanted in the whole traumatic piece here. And she bought a one-way ticket to Vietnam, which is a non extraditable country. And just as they're in the boarding jet ready to go plane that's gonna take 'em overseas, here comes the FBI and a SWAT team, and they take 'em down and they're wrestling for the phone and she's charged with first degree murder. Anyway, she's waiting to go on trial. And last September the jury had been picked and we're waiting for opening arguments and the judge says, come in chambers here.


And then it turns out that her attorney was ruled by the court to have a conflict of interest and could not represent her. So he's thrown off the case, which puts everything back months and months and months. So now we think that grandmother Donna Adelson's going to go on trial maybe next June, wait and see. And we should add that Donna Adelson has pleaded not guilty and her trip to Vietnam was just that a vacation. She says that trial will be very interesting. Okay. One case we haven't talked about yet, which I thought was one of the most intriguing this year was Will any guesses?


My guess is that Karen Reed, I mean That wasn huge. Still is huge. Yeah. I, I gotta tell you, I was at, for an event at the Marriott Marquee in Midtown Manhattan just last week, and a woman, she, I was waiting for someone, she walked up to me and she said, I'm from Massachusetts, is it okay if I talk to you? She said, we are huge. Karen Reed supporters we're team Karen. And she wanted to talk to me about this, the Karen Reed story, this stranger in the hotel. It really struck a nerve with people. That case and Dennis, you and I ended up teaming up for that one. Yeah, We started, I had interviewed Karen Reed on The Yeah, you did the big one In March the year before the trial. And, you know, she was poised and confident.


The highlights that I remember from that interview, Andrew, is that she says she went back to her place and, and then woke up in the middle of the night and lo and behold, he's not there. And she goes back to the scene and then blurts out. Did I hit him? You know, that would come back to haunt Her. Yeah. And there's different interpretations of what she was saying. And of course we should just mention, you know, she is accused of backing into her boyfriend, John O'Keefe, who was a Boston police officer. The jurors had three different counts that they had to consider, and then that kind kind of messy at the end when That wasn a hung jury, That wasn just, I feel like That wasn messy and There's gonna be another trial, right? Yes, Yes. And you'll be there, right, Andrea? Yes. But I was surprised by the gauntlet of the gauntlet of people in front of the courthouse.


Turtle boys turtle boy, you Know, friends. Yeah. Friends of friends of Karen. Yep. Do we think that this is like, you know, I also did the ballerina story, Ashley Benefield, which had supporters as well show up outside of court. Do we think that this is kind of this new thing now, in the Karen Reed story, they called themselves true crime tourists. They come from England and there are Lots and lots of those around. And it, and, and I have to tell you, we've been doing this a long time and, and people get engaged with these stories. I mean, this kind of interest goes way back. Think of something like the OJ Simpson case, which this year was the 30th anniversary of the murders of Nicole Brown Simpson and Ron Goldman, OJ Simpson also died this year in April When that verdict in the OJ case was announced, my, I remember assignment that day was a stand on the street when there was, because a big crowd had gathered and just to sort of Oh wow.


Do a little live shot. Yeah. From the street where the all these people were. And the, the roar that came up from the crowd was unbelievable. Mm. Okay. Well that about does it for our Year in Review. I love working with all of you. You are the best in the business. You three, you are the best in the business, and it's such an honor to be on this team and we Love working with You. Thank you. Happy Holidays, everybody. Happy. Thank You, Andrea. That's it from the Dateline correspondence, but this episode of Dateline True Crime Weekly isn't done quite yet. Next up, we've got some true crime cases that went viral this year. Oh Boy. What could that be?


Meta's? Open source AI is an open invitation. It enables small businesses, startups, students, researchers, and more to download and build with our models at no cost. Which means more people can build amazing things because when AI is open source, it's available to all. And when AI is available to all everyone benefits, learn more about meta's open source models at ai.meta.com/open.


Hey DC did you know it's illegal to toss household batteries in the trash? That's right. Batteries must be recycled. The good news call to recycle makes it easy. As DC's official battery recycling program, we've got drop off locations all across the city. Find one near you@calltorecycle.org slash locator. That's call to recycle.org/locator. Let's keep DC clean and green.


The Holidays are all about sharing with family meals, couches, stories, grandma secret pecan buy recipe. And now you can also share a cart with Instacart's family carts. Everyone can add what they want to one group cart from wherever they are. So you don't have to go from room to room to find out who wants cranberry sauce or whether you should get mini marshmallows for the yams or collecting votes for sugar cookies versus shortbread. Just share a cart and then share the meals and the moments. Download the Instacart app and get delivery in as fast as 30 minutes. Plus, enjoy free delivery on your first three orders. Service fees and terms apply


In 2024. We saw something we've never really seen before. A dateline, the rise of viral true crime moments stories that didn't just capture our Dateline fans' attention, but widespread media attention. So for our final story this week, we thought we'd look back on those moments that got even your non true crime fan friends talking. I am joined by Dateline producer Maryanne O'Donnell. Hey Maryanne. Hey Andrea. So this one, this first one we're gonna talk about, it's this viral video of a Zoom call, a Michigan man named Cory Harris. He joins a court hearing in May to answer to charges of driving with a suspended license. He joins the Zoom call from behind the wheel of his car.


Are you Driving, Ashley? I'm pulling into my doctor's office actually. So, so just gimme one second. I'm parking right now. So while most people laughed at this viral moment, there is an update to this story that our listeners might not expect, Marian. So as it turns out, Harris's license had been previously suspended, but in this case, the suspension was ended by a judge in 20 22, 2 years before this all took place. So I mean, he had every right to be driving the court, just didn't have that up to date information. Harris ended up spending two nights in jail after this court appearance for the misunderstanding.


And he called the whole experience very embarrassing. Anna Delvy, I saw the series. She's the con woman. She went on dancing with the Stars. 'cause where, where else do you go when you get outta prison? Exactly. Okay. So that, that this story really of course piqued the interest of, of true crime and reality TV fans alike. Yeah, it really, it really did. Anna Delvy or Anna Sorkin is the woman who inspired that popular Netflix series inventing Anna, and she posed as a wealthy German heiress in New York City scam people. Anyway, in 2019, after being found guilty of eight charges, including grand larceny and theft, Delvy was sentenced to four to 12 years in state prison, but was let out in 2021 on house arrest.


Yeah. So that's that backstory. And, and Maryanne, she had a, a interesting piece of jewelry, if you will, that was front and center on Dancing with the Stars. Yeah. Oh yeah, she sure did. I mean, and what, what would you wear if you've done some time inside and your let out Ankle bracelet with A little special monitor attached? There you go. A judge granted her permission to leave her house arrest to compete, though she was eliminated in the first week of the show. So you might remember the viral moment after learning she was eliminated. Yes, yes. Whatcha are you gonna take away from this competition? Nothing.


There you have It, I think. Wow. Wow. Okay, so this, this is really bizarre. These are people trying to pin crimes on bears. Just last month, according to the California Department of Insurance, four residents of Los Angeles submitted claims to three car insurance companies. And they sent along video footage from the San Bernardino mountains of of Bear in their cars of Rolls Royce, of course, and two Mercedes. But the insurance companies realized that that wasn't really a bear That wasn someone in a bear costume. The four individuals were arrested and charged with defrauding three insurance companies of nearly get this 142,000 A man called 9 1 1 wanting someone to sing Happy Birthday to him, which is so sad.


And then so sad, officers showed up with cake. Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to You. And That wasn a really sweet moment, right? Isn't that, I mean, the two officers, they go to the man's house, they sing to him. I mean, they didn't have cake actually, but they did bring Banana muffin and some candles so we could make a wish. What a heartwarming story. Marianne, thank you so much. Enjoy your holidays. Yeah, you too. That's it for this episode of Dateline True Crime Weekly. Next week we'll have another special for you, but instead of looking back, we'll be looking forward.


We'll tell you what's on our docket for 2025, and if you wanna dig deeper into the stories we've discussed this year on the show, check out our website at dateline true crime weekly.com. Coming up on Dateline, a woman is found dead in the shower. Her friends wanna know, was it an accident or murder? You can watch my classic two hour mystery return to Shalamar Way, airing this Friday at nine eight Central on NBC or stream it starting Saturday on Peacock Dateline True Crime Weekly is produced by Frannie Kelly and Katie Ferguson. Our associate producers are Carson Cummins. And Caroline Casey. Our senior producer is Liz Brown, Koff production and fact-checking help by Sarah Kir.


Veronica Mika is our digital producer. Rick Kwan is our sound designer. Original music by Jesse McGinty. Bryson Barnes is head of audio production. Paul Ryan is executive producer and Liz Kool is senior executive producer of Dateline. From all of us here at Dateline, happy holidays. Merry Christmas everyone.


Hey dc. Did you know it's illegal to toss household batteries in the trash? That's right. Batteries must be recycled. The good news call to recycle makes it easy. As DC's official battery recycling program, we've got drop off locations all across the city. Find one near you@calltorecycle.org slash locator. That's call to recycle.org/locator. Let's keep DC clean and green.