
Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. The shop pay feature even boosts conversions up to 50%. So if you're into growing your business, your commerce platform better be ready to sell. Wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling, upgrade your business and get the same checkout top brands like Allbirds. Use. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash podcast free all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash podcast free to upgrade your selling today.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DS W because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or dsw.com.


Tonight on Dateline. I was just firing as I went into the room. I just started firing What was in front of you. My parents, 35 years later, their crime still haunts Lyle and Eric Menendez, the brothers who killed their parents. I just told 'em that I didn't want to do this and that it hurt me. Were they abused? Should they go free Social media? Young people have just taken up their banner Now. New evidence. There was a letter that Eric Menendez had written. I'm convinced that he was talking about sexual abuse. There was a connection between Jose Menendez and some Minuto boy band members.


Roy Roselo told me that he had been assaulted Here from the brothers themselves. People Were afraid Of him. There was no way he was gonna let this secret get out. But you could've left. But leave and do what? I believe that they should be Released. There's no reason they should get out. They killed their parents. I mean come on, The bone chilling case of The. Menendez Brothers. After 35 years in prison, can they win their freedom. I'm Lester Holt, and this is Dateline. Here's Keith Morrison with The Menendez.


Brothers Chance at Freedom. A sensational story we thought was over. May soon have a new ending. After more than three decades behind bars, freedom might be in reach for Lyle and Eric Menendez. We're very sure not only that the brothers have rehabilitated and that they'll be safe to be reintegrated in our society, but that they have paid their dues. If you had told me in 1989 that 35 years in the future that I would still be covering this case, I would've laughed.


The wealthy sons of Beverly Hills convicted of murdering their parents are suddenly everywhere. Dramatized on the Netflix series monsters, the Lyle and Eric Menendez story parrot on Saturday Night Live. People keep yelling things like you're innocent and you're so Hot and popping up all over. TikTok, This is probably one of the most famous cases ever. There's a borders go beyond social media to Hollywood. Hear Kim Kardashian speaking to variety. I feel like they just never had that fair chance. And imagine if no one believed you We're viewing everything that happened back then through a different lens.


A different lens, yes, but is it making our vision any clearer? If you use rational thought on this case, they should stay in prison for life without parole. if you use emotion, then Oh. my God. Why are they still there today? Let 'em out tomorrow. Emergency. Let's go way back then. Back to the beginning. August 20th, 1989. Just before midnight, a 9 1 1 operator picked up a call from an apparently hysterical Lyle Menendez. Who is the person that was shot? My Robin, right? Dad. Your mom and dad.


Okay, hold on a second. Detective Zola. Les Zola was one of just two detectives in the Beverly Hills police department who worked homicides back then. How many murders occurred in Beverly Hills in those days? In those days, approximately two a year. On that particular August night, Zola was asleep when his boss called And he said, come on in, we've had a murder. And I asked him for some information. He said He gave me the address of 7 22 North Elm Zola drove over and walked inside the house, That, wasn, eely quiet. And when I went into the Den Library, first thing I noticed was Jose Menendez seated on the couch.


He was slumped to one side. His head was to the one side That, wasn bad, very, very bad. He was wearing shorts and he had a shotgun blast to his thigh. Blood soaked all the way down. And then I noticed his wife kitty at his feet on the floor. She was curled into a fetal position and like her husband had been shot many times, several times near her knee. And most horribly Kitty was shot. Point blank in the face. There was a contact wound on Kitty Menendez face. It blew out her eye. I mean That, wasn grotesque. What happened to her Back then?


Pamela Bch was an LA County prosecutor in the organized crime unit, but nothing prepared her for this. Jose and Kitty had been shot 15 times. Shotgun killings are very messy and there were brains and blood everywhere. It looked as if Jose and Kitty had been relaxing in the den. An empty bowl of cream and berries and Eric's college paperwork were on the coffee table. The television set was on. There was no sign of a break-in, but We didn't see any shotgun shells. What did that say to you? Somebody collected the shotgun shells, But who does a thing like that if they've got a messy crime scene of that sort?


Somebody that didn't want fingerprints on the shotgun shells. The only thing I could think of, Well, investigators examined the crime scene. Lyle Menendez, then 21 and Eric 18 went to the station to speak to police. The brothers said they were in and out throughout the day. And then as evening approached, they decided that they wanted to go to the movies. They wanted to see a James Bond movie. But That wasn sold out. So they saw the Batman movie, which they had both seen before After the movie. They told detectives they'd planned to meet a friend for a drink at the Cheesecake Factory, but they had to go back to the house to pick up Eric's fake id.


And when they walked in, they said they saw a haze in the air and smelled gunpowder smoke. They went into the den and then dialed 9 1 1. That's how I tell my parents, is That what I saw The news spread very quickly. Kitty's sister Joan, I got a phone call from my brother and I remember putting the phone down on the table and walking around the house screaming As detectives worked into the night. They had no idea this was the beginning of a 35 year saga, a case were still debating. Have the Menendez Brothers served their time or should they, as the jury decreed stay in prison for life?


We were up against the myths that boys aren't sexually abused, that CEOs and and and upstanding people like my father aren't child molesters, Even with evidence from another alleged victim. He said that Jose Menendez said to him, I own you. I bought you Some say. Sympathy is one thing, the law is another. What matters is not whether they were abused or not. The issue at hand was, was there an imminent fear for their lives? And the answer is no. So a legal conundrum Today, the Menendez family is meeting for a press conference Now.


Gone viral history, somehow repeating itself with eyes glued once again to the courts in Los Angeles where Eric and Lyle await their fate, That wasn. Like she just knew not what happened at the end of course, but what came before Mary Louise or Kitty as everybody called her, was determined she would be well off someday.


Even though she and her siblings were raised by a single mother in Illinois. Kitty grew up believing that she was gonna marry well and have household help. How would She know such a thing? I think this is probably what my mother had maybe wanted for herself and never got. Kitty was pretty in 1962, she was crowned Miss Oak Lawn. You should be in show business. Her mother told her. So Kitty studied radio and television at Southern Illinois University. Was that wrapped up in the whole idea of if you're in that field, you're more likely to meet a successful Man? Yes, absolutely. In college she met a bundle of ambition named Jose Menendez.


He had fled communist Cuba at 16 with bold dreams of striking it big in business. Just the kind of man Kitty was searching for. And so they married in 1963. Diane Hernandez was Kitty's niece as a teen. She lived with the family off and on. I bet you idolized Kitty. Oh, I did From the very beginning. And I was known as a daughter. Kitty never had. Of course, as the world would come to know Kitty and Jose had sons Lyle and Eric did they seem to get along? Did they like each Other? Oh yeah, absolutely. Very close. Yeah. I think Eric depended on Lyle a lot. Eric was quite introverted.


Alan Anderson was Kitty's nephew. He spent summers with the Menendez family as a kid at their home and bonded with Lyle. He was a mischievous boy to say the least. He liked to smile and laugh and giggle. Oh, he loved to laugh and giggle. But what The Menendez Brothers did most sit Allen was practice and practice and practice. Jose wanted his kids to be the best in it, especially in sports. I noticed immediately Swimming, soccer, tennis. Jose pushed his sons to excel at everything as his own career skyrocketed in the seventies, Jose was the general manager at Hertz and impressed his sons by bringing the company's celebrity spokesman home to dinner.


Here's OJ Simpson in that famous TV commercial from the time. And here's OJ with Jose posing at an award ceremony in 1978. Jose was of course living the American dream and he wanted his boys to continue that American dream. In the early eighties, Jose put rental cars behind him and became a music exec at RCA records where he worked with big names like Eurythmics and Duran Duran. In 1983, he signed the Puerto Rican boy band Minuto to a multi-year deal. Minuto Mania has swept El Salvador. As Dennis Murphy reported for nightly news at the time, Minuto was huge.


They are five Puerto Rican youngsters called Minuto. They are two Latin American girls, but the Beatles were 20 years ago. You'll hear more about Minuto later. Jose traded in music for Hollywood and in 1986 he moved his family west when he took a job with iCal Pictures. It's nice, the company that produced mega hits, like basic instinct, don't push, and the Rambo series don't Push it. I'll give you a war You won't believe Jose was put in charge of their new video distribution business. So we think 1989 will be a tremendous year. I think we will be very happy with the growth of the company. And that was the year 1989 when Robert Rand then a freelance reporter for the Miami Herald, went to Las Vegas to cover a trade show for the home video business, and happened to meet Jose Menendez.


What was your impression of the guy? Talked to him for maybe two or three minutes. Seemed professional, dynamic, A high powered career, a beautiful family. And finally, the one missing piece of Jose's American Dream. The perfect home. Jose moved his family from Calabasas, then pre Kardashian and a relatively unknown enclave outside of Los Angeles to a more Tony address. Joan was with her sister the day the realtor called Kitty. They had accepted Jose's offer and Kitty, you've got your zip code and that made her so happy. 9 0 2 1 oh, Absolutely.


7 22 North Elm Drive, a six bedroom Mediterranean style home swimming pool. Guest house, tennis court. Elton John once lived in this very house, so did a Saudi prince and even Prince himself. By August, 1989. Jose had truly made it. They were stars in in our family. And Jose, His eldest, was a student at Princeton. His youngest was about to start at UCLA, the perfect family, more so it seemed, until it all blew apart in that barrage of shotgun shells, it didn't make sense.


Nobody quite knew who had, who had killed the parents. Alan Abrahamson is a journalism professor at USC back in 1989. He was a reporter for the LA Times. Was it an armed robbery because of Jose's position in business. So had he been taken out by a cartel, had he been taken out by the mob? Any and all things seemed possible. No one really knew After all. Jose had been shot in the thigh and kitty in the knee, a mafia signature perhaps. And then That wasn, the company Jose was running it, distributed all kinds of movies, including children's movies. But one of its founders, Noel Bloom, was once an executive in the porn industry.


A lot of pornography is organized, crime backed 'cause it's a great way to make a lot of money in an industry that's not, you know, very well regarded. And the brothers thought detectives needed to look at Bloom. I got a call from Beverly Hills Police Department. They wanted to meet with me and ask me a few questions.


Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. The shop pay feature even boosts conversions up to 50%. So if you're into growing your business, your commerce platform better be ready to sell. Wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling, upgrade your business and get the same checkout top brands like Allbirds. Use Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash podcast free all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash podcast. Free to upgrade your selling today.


M-S-N-B-C films presents the Sing Sing Chronicles. A new four-part series from NBC News Studios featuring decades of investigative reporting from Dateline producer Dan Lian that exposes the injustices of wrongful convictions. I spent Half my life in prison. And that's time we can't get Back. The Sing Sing Chronicles first two episodes, premier Saturday at 9:00 PM Eastern on M-S-N-B-C.


Hey guys, Willie Geist here reminding you to check out the Sunday Sit Down podcast. On this week's episode, I get together with the one and only Hugh Grant to talk about his chilling new film heretic and a four decade run of unforgettable movies. You can find our conversation now for free wherever you download your podcasts.


Kitty Menendez shot this home video in August, 1989, capturing images of what looked like a happy family. Okay, Wait. Goodbye Everybody. 11 days later, kitty and her husband's murders were front page news. That wasn a big story from the get go because it happened in Beverly Hills, California. The big story became a big problem for Alco Pictures. The company was getting beaten up in the media because all the media stories were, this was a mafia hit somehow related to shady dealings that this company was doing. They hired a publicist to help calm the media storm. Sylvester Stallone spoke warmly. That wasn a, He was a, a true cornerstone of the of the, this company, which I loved.


And Jose's memorial service was held at the Director's Guild of America headquarters on Sunset Boulevard. Lyle and Eric arrived late to the service. How'd they behave when they were there? Lyle Menendez was a very cool, calm and collected. Eric Menendez got up and tried to speak and he lasted about two minutes before just breaking down in tears and, and sitting down Kitty's sister Joan was at the memorial too, and heard something disturbing about Jose. Several men that worked with Jose talked to me at that memorial service and told me how he loved to humiliate other men.


Pretty Shocking thing to hear at somebody's memorial service, isn't it? Yeah, not very memorial. So Jose had made enemies and apparently one of them was his colleague, Noah Bloom, who had once produced pornographic films. They bickered about a lot of things. Well, Mostly That wasn because of the pornography. Jose didn't like that at all. Detective Zoller talked to the brothers who were pointing a finger right at Bloom. Did it seem to you that there was a motive there? Possible Bloom had been arrested before on obscenity charges, but never convicted. Why would they say you were involved with organized Crime?


Because people had a perception that people in the adult business for an organized crime, which is totally not true. At least I wasn't Still, but the brother's accusations, making the papers. He was nervous. Were you sort of day by day waiting for somebody to call you? Oh yes. Thinking it'd be taken in and put in handcuffs? Yes. I got a call from Beverly Hills Police Department. They wanted to meet with me and ask me a few questions and I said, I've been waiting. That meeting it turned out was about all it took. He was very cooperative and we couldn't determine that he had a motive at all. So Noah Bloom was no longer a suspect and the rumored mafia connection to the crime, not a chance said prosecutor, Pam Bani.


The number of shots would tell you that it wasn't an organized crime hit. Why do you say That? Because they were torn apart. if you think about what the media portrays or or Hollywood portrays as a mob hit, it would be That wasn just a little hole In the back of The head. Yeah, it'd be a little like a 22 or a 38 to the back of the head. So if it wasn't a mob hit, police were back to square one. They continued gathering information from anyone they could, including Lyle and Eric. Were they believable in those conversations that you recall? Yes. So they didn't seem to be lying or obfuscating or? No, they answered our questions willingly. Two months after the murders reporter Robert Rand interviewed Eric, a young man who seemed in awe of his dad.


Just, just a great incredible man and, and people were afraid of him. People were afraid of him because he would walk in the room and know that this man was more powerful. This man was more intelligent. Eric was emotionally appropriate. He would call, he'd cry at times. And he was telling really lovely stories about how wonderful his parents were. Eric said his father wanted to get into politics. He was gonna become senator of Florida, and then he was gonna spend his life making Cuba a territory of the United States. Now, with his father's death, Eric said he and his brother wanted to fulfill his father's dream. I wanted him to become senator, and my brother wants to become president of the United States.


And then the mood shifted, and Eric described what he saw when he walked into the family den on August 20th. They Weren't real. They didn't, yeah, They, they waxed. They looked like wax That, wasn. It's something that I've never seen my dad help us. You know, I think that possibly if Lau and I would've been home, if we would've been able to do something about it, maybe maybe my dad would be alive. Well, Eric seemed to be mourning his parents. Police couldn't help but notice what their brothers were up to in the aftermath of their parents' deaths. They were spending over $15,000 with Rolex watches and money clips.


This is four days after the murder. They were just spending, spending spending. Very strange To me. That wasn Months went by, the mob had been ruled out. The Menendez murders remained a stubborn mystery. But in the absence of answers, something kept buzzing around in Detective Zoller's mind. That wasn about The Menendez Brothers. At one moment he couldn't shake That wasn when just hours after the murders, Lyle returned to the house in Beverly Hills And I said, I'm sorry for your loss.


What are you trying to get out of the house? We wanna get our tennis equipment. And I said, well, where is that? He said, it's in the library where my parents were murdered. And he was matter of fact and and didn't seem very upset to me And prepare to walk into that room just for the purpose of getting their tennis equipment. Yes. Weird. As was this, the day after the murders, Lyle and Eric went to the bank looking for Jose's safety deposit box. They were trying to find Jose's Will. Did that surprise you that they would do it so soon? Oh, Definitely. Why would the brothers worry about the will?


And so quickly the detective dug into it and out spooled a little story. Lyle had been caught cheating at Princeton. Eric had fought with his father over tennis. And in response, Jose had threatened to disen them. But those Z discovered were not the only reasons. There was this, Well, in the first house, they took the whole safe. The second house, they got into the safe A year before the murders. Lyle and Eric had burglarized the homes of their friends. Wealthy parents. But these are wealthy, wealthy young men. Yeah, That, wasn. Just, just Privileged in every way.


Right? That wasn. Just because we can do it. At the time, Jose hired a prominent criminal attorney who arranged for the younger brother Eric to take the fall because He was a minor, knowing that Eric probably wouldn't get any jail time. And part of the disposition was that he contact a therapist. In comes Jerry Zeal, Dr. Jerome Zeal, you wanna remember that name? A Beverly Hill psychologist who specialized in phobias and sex therapy. So therapy, no jail time for the burglaries. But were they written out of Jose's will?


Finally, the brothers found it and they discovered Jose had not disinherited them. After all, they now stood to inherit. The families reported $14 million estate. And as Detective Zoller discovered, They were just spending, spending, spending Three Rolex watches, a private tennis coach for Eric, a Porsche. Well even bought a chicken wings restaurant and went to visit his cousin Allen in Chicago. He ordered some of those expensive shirts I've ever seen in my life. And he ordered some jewelry, ordered these shoes, these expensive shoes.


And I was like, wow. Then the way he was spending money for me was very strange. Cousin Diane said the spending was just Lyle's way of grieving. People Would ask, you know, people were like, what's he doing? And I would defend him and say, well, everybody reacts differently when somebody dies. This is just his way of coping, I guess Their casual behavior after the murders. The hunt for the will, the spending spree. None of That wasn criminal. But it certainly caught the attention of the prosecutor. You begin to see a pattern here and it, you begin to think of greed. But even if they were spoiled and self-centered, That wasn a long way from that to killing their parents.


Or maybe it wasn't because Detective Zola learned about something else, a case of life imitating art. Perhaps Zola had been talking to Eric's best friend, Craig Signorelli. And Craig mentioned that he and Eric often fantasized about committing the perfect crime and had even written a screenplay together in high school. And I asked him, what's it about? Well, it's about this kid that murders his parents for the money. And I had actually heard that kitty type this for him because That wasn a school, That wasn a school project. Then Craig told Zola something even more disturbing it happened, said Craig, when he went to see Eric at the Menendez house after the murders, Eric said, do you wanna know what happened?


And he described shooting the parents. And then he summed it all up by saying it could happen. Huh? And Craig thought about it and He says, well, is he saying that's what he thinks happened here at the house? Or did they actually commit the crime? What a story. But the detectives wondered, would Eric tell the story of the shooting to Craig again on tape? They decided to wire up Craig and go to this restaurant. But this time Eric wasn't at all talkative. Eric didn't admit anything. I think his conscience said, you better not talk too much about this.


Not that day anyway. And not to Craig Signorelli, but Eric did talk eventually at what he said would change everything. Detective Les Zolar had a growing and disturbing suspicion that Lyle and Eric Menendez had shotgunned their parents to death in the den of their Beverly Hills mansion. Think was the story the brothers told about discovering their parents' bodies. It never quite made sense to Zola.


The brothers said that they saw this haze in the air and some smoke that they smelled Like gunpowder smoke. Gunpowder smoke. But I mean that dissipates pretty darn quick. Well, the officers got there right after they did. And they didn't smell anything. The gunpowder smoke and fantasizing about the perfect crime and the screenplay and even what might be called a confession. And then one day he just knew. Was there a particular time when you thought, okay, yes, it's them? Well, When we got a call from Judi Smith, A name he'd never heard before, what did she have to tell you?


Her whole purpose was to talk about this doctor and how he was her therapist and he was having an affair with her Not relevant information to a homicide detective. But this was, what was his first name? Dr. Dr. Jerry Zeal. Dr. Zeal, the psychologist Eric was sent to after those burglaries, two months after the murders. Julan Smith said she was with Dr. Oze when he returned a call from Eric who was asking for an emergency session. Smith wouldn't talk to us for this report, but she did back then.


And here's what she told us. Dr. Zele said after getting off that call, He's saying he thinks that they killed their parents. Smith told Zola that Dr. Zele was worried about what might happen to the session. And so he asked her to stay in the waiting room of his office while he met with Eric on October 31st, 1989. And so She said, She did. As she sat there, Lyle burst into the room. Lyle Menendez, who had been at the Elm Drive home, passing out candy to trick or treaters, rushed over to Dr. O's office because Zeal had called him and said Eric told him everything. Eric said that they shot their parents.


Juda and Smith told Zola, she heard Lyle confront his brother, And she heard him say, why did you tell him we're gonna have to kill him now? Seriously? Yes. And Eric said, I can't kill anymore. And he burst in tears and left Lyle and Dr. Zeal more or less followed him. And Lyle got to the elevator and Dr. Oze said, am I in danger? And Lyle said, that's all I can tell you is have a good life, Dr. Oze. And it freaked them out.


What followed was a strange and nervous dance. Oze told Lyle and Eric to come back for follow-up therapy sessions. The brothers afraid Zele might go to the police. Agreed. During one of those sessions, they both confessed to killing their parents. And Dr. Zele recorded the conversation. Julan Smith learned about the recordings. But That wasn months before she told detectives who promptly seized the tapes, but there was just one problem. They weren't allowed to listen to them because of doctor patient privilege. How frustrating was that? Well, That wasn very frustrating.


Yeah, a good piece of evidence. I couldn even listen to it. Still, they thought they had enough evidence to arrest the brothers. Today at approximately one That wasn March 8th, 1990, more than six months after the killings, Detectives arrested Joseph Lyle Menendez for the August murders of his mother and father. Eric was playing in a tennis tournament in Israel at the time. Eric Menendez is being sought by detectives of this department. He surrendered to police three days later. Could You believe it? No. No. That. wasn, absolutely devastating, shocking, just beyond words.


Former LA Times reporter, Alan Abrahamson, Who would imagine that these two young men of privilege, position and power to be could, could kill their parents. That's that's the kind of stuff that Shakespeare wrote about. And yet it seemed that's exactly what happened. A few weeks after the arrests, detective Zolar confirmed another tip. Judi Smith gave them. Judi said that the guns were purchased at a gun store in San Diego. I was looking through gun records and I said, this is it. The name recorded on the sale slip was that of an old friend of Lyle's, but the friend was not even in California when the guns were purchased and he was missing his id.


We learned later that Lyle had taken the wallet. It seemed like overwhelming evidence that Lyle and Eric Menendez killed their parents. But their story of why they did it and that would leave the family and the rest of America speechless.


Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. The shop pay feature even boosts conversions up to 50%. So if you're into growing your business, your commerce platform better be ready to sell. Wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling, upgrade your business and get the same checkout top brands like Allbirds. Use. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash podcast free all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash podcast free to upgrade your selling today.


MSNBC films presents the Sing Sing Chronicles, a new four-part series from NBC News Studios featuring decades of investigative reporting from Dateline producer Dan Slepian that exposes the injustices of wrongful convictions. I spent Half my life in prison. And that's time we can't get Back. The Sing Sing Chronicles first two episodes, premier Saturday at 9:00 PM Eastern on M-S-N-B-C.


Hey, it's Josh Menowitz from Dateline with a question for you True crime fans. How do you catch a killer whose motive is simply unimaginable? Un investigators give us a fascinating look inside, a very twisted mind as his secrets are finally uncovered. if you think you've heard every Dateline story, think again. Listen to Motive for Murder and a dozen other riveting series when you follow the Dateline Originals podcast.


The media feasted on the story of the Rich Brothers charged with killing their parents apparently to get their hands on. The families reported $14 million estate. They Were smirking. They were smug. How do you plead Not guilty? Hard to overstate the public's disgust with those young men. But on the other side of the country, in an upscale New Jersey town, just a few miles from Princeton, people began comparing memories. Their home at the time was a Tudor style home. That wasn on a lake. Bill Curtin was a young tennis coach when he met Jose Menendez and was certainly impressed.


There were two clear sides of him. One was the very friendly, outgoing, joking person. The flip side was how driven and controlling he was. Jose engaged Bill to teach his son Lyle and then watch the lessons, but didn't just watch. He would physically come onto the tennis court and start giving instruction to Lyle while I was still there. That was very, very strange, very uncomfortable. And Bill learned. Jose had hired several coaches for Lyle that the boy was working hours every day to learn tennis. He was incredibly quiet, especially when Jose was present.


Neighborhood memories about a successful but slightly imposing family. Everyone seemed to look up to them, but not draw closer to them. Alicia Hertz was a neighbor of the Menendez family. She was also Lyle's Spanish teacher at the exclusive Princeton Day school. Was he a good student? He tried to be, but he was not particularly talented at the language. One she caught Lyle cheating and she said Eric cheated too. I think teachers understood deep down inside what they were going through.


That They were being pressured. Yes, strenuously from their parents to do, to perform Well. Right. And to Alicia, it seemed to be taking a toll on Lyle. Alicia remembers twice seeing Lyle outside her office staring blankly. I wish to this day that I had gotten out and said, please come in. Please come in. Did you talk to Kitty or Jose about this? Oh No, I didn't reveal anything to them. No. And not anything that could get them in trouble. Like many others said, Alicia, she was careful around Kitty and Jose.


But there was one episode she found too disturbing to ignore a dinner party at the Menendez home. Jose told his guests, he brought back a VHS tape from a trip to Brazil. And I have to show you guys this because it's so unique. And so he puts it in and I don't remember the name. What was It about Children, people doing disgusting things. Two children in front of children and That wasn. Just like having no respect for children. And we saw a few seconds of it, a few minutes and we made excuses.


A lot of us stood up and said, we have to leave. We couldn't stand to see it, to watch. But Jose found this engage Hysterically. Funny Cousin. Diane had her own disturbing memories about Jose. He would take their heads and push them underwater until they started panicking and needed up. He would let 'em up again. Jose's way of teaching his then quite young boys to swim. What did Kitty seem to think about It? I mean? If Jose did it or said it, there was no questioning it. Absolutely none. Not by the boys, not by Kitty. She became like his right hand man in enforcing things, Including what Diane came to know as the single most important rule in the Menendez house.


You cannot go down the hall when Jose's with his kids through Kitty. Didn't go down the hall either. No, no. Uhuh Cousin Allen also followed this rule when he lived with the Menendez family for a time. But he did hear things. I've heard them being whipped. Oh man, That wasn. Gut wrenching. The just the screams and the daddy Don't hit me. Daddy don't. You know, that kind of stuff. And there was something else said, Alan, After every sporting event we got home, that was a very common thing to go take showers. There were times where he would take like Eric alone and then there'd be times where he'd take Lyle alone. Allegations that remain family secrets.


We go guys. Until the sons were charged with murder and she signed on. Veteran criminal defense attorney Leslie Abramson, known for her brash style in the courtroom and with the press, you Want that? That's what you get Today. Each brother had his own attorney. Abramson handled Eric's case. In this old interview from our archives, she described how her defense strategy for Eric began to take shape. I'm hearing a lot of very negative and and at least heavily psychologically abusive things. But it's not answering what's wrong with this kid. 'cause he's incredibly sweet. How does he walk into a room with a shotgun, this kid, and it doesn't add up.


I mean. I'm totally, totally puzzled. And that's when I bring in Vickery. Dr. William Vickery, a forensic psychiatrist and graduate of Harvard Law School, agreed to meet with the brothers in jail. He knew going in, police believed Lyle and Eric killed their parents for money. But based upon the dozens of parasite cases that that I had worked on in the past, that's the exception. That's not the rule. The rule is that something horrible is going on in the family. The Menendez, Brothers wouldn't let on what was so horrible. Lyle was stoic. Eric was a mess. And the minute something would leak out about maybe things weren't so wonderful in the family, he would start crying and he would kind of dissolve and and and whimper and he just wouldn't go any further.


Vickery put Eric on antidepressants and slowly a trust began to form. As the months rolled by, I got more and more pieces of information until finally the dam broke. The father would take showers with them. He would give them massages. He would massage their genitals. The father always had a reason why he did this and that All fathers, all trainers, all coaches, they do this. This is part of the expectation of a superior athlete. That's astonishing. The defense was confident. It could persuade jurors that the brothers felt they had no other choice.


On that. August night, Eric And Lyle Menendez purchased the shotguns for their own protection. What happened next in the courtroom would be debated and scrutinized for years to come. A sensational murder trial open today in California, the defendant's two brothers, the victims, their parents, the murder trial of Lyle and Eric Menendez began nearly four years after their parents' deaths. July, 1993, which admitted, if convicted here, Lyle and Eric could face the death penalty.


Lyle and Eric Menendez will be tried to gather in the same courtroom, but with two juries. But you didn't need to be on either jury or even anywhere near the courthouse to follow every movement of the trial. The idea that there was a camera in a courtroom in California was so new, so novel Reporter Alan Abrahamson, once an attorney himself covered the trial for the LA Times. You weren't just playing to the jury, you were playing to all of America. The judge's decision turned a local LA story into an international sensation. Prosecutor, Pam Bizani knew all of America was watching her every move.


How did you feel as you prepared to make your opening statement? I, as I walked down the hallway, all the cameras were there and you know, I just threw up because I, I thought, oh God, you know, this is really stressful. So Defense attorney Abramson appeared every bit to protective mama bear. She wrapped her arms around Eric and Lyle's shoulders. She had them trade their dapper suits for preppy sweaters. This was a show in which the entire image of the brothers who now were the boys, was being completely redone to play to the 24 people in the box as well as to America.


Prosecutor Brazened steeled herself determined not to let the optics distract the jury. Based upon this evidence, it will become apparent that this murder was unlawful, unjustified, and wholly premeditated in Basic English. The prosecution's case was this. Just the facts, ma'am. Fact number one, Lyle and Eric driving down to San Diego two days before the murders to buy shotguns and with a stolen id. Why are you using the fake id? 'cause you know you're gonna be using the gun to do something you shouldn't be doing. That is evidence of intent. After the murders, the prosecution showed the brothers lied to the police for months, starting from the very moment, Lyle called 9 1 1.


That's how I killed my parents. And they did it all for the family. Fortune said the state. Remember Lyle and Eric had searched for the will the day after their parents' murders and went on a lavish multi-state spending spree. They were very aggressive about spending money as soon as possible. Yeah, which I thought was very strange. That wasn pretty obvious that the prosecutor first degree murder and they did it for the money. At the end of the prosecution case, I was like, okay, these, these two brothers are so guilty. It's not even funny. But then of course the defense got its turn. Ms. Abramson for the defense. Thank you, your Honor. We had a joke that investigator, myself and my co-counsel Lester.


The joke was, you have a gun, you have two bullets. You go in the courtroom, who do you shoot? Okay, so both the guys say they would shoot Lyle and Eric. My thing was, I'm gonna shoot Leslie twice. I felt that the brothers were evil but not as bad as she was. Abramson had a reputation for doing whatever it took. You guys Haven't been fair to these boys and you're not fair to them now. She told the juries the brothers had shot their parents. All right, but it wasn't murder. That wasn something. The law called imperfect self-defense. That is to say under all the circumstances, That wasn reasonable to the person to think that they were acting in self-defense.


But the reality is that that wasn't the case at all. In other words, an honest but unreasonable belief that one's life is in danger. The defense argued that the brothers weren't spoiled, they were damaged subject to years of abuse that made the decision to kill their parents. Seem to them like an act of self-defense against imminent danger. If the juries agreed, The Menendez Brothers will get manslaughter instead of murder, Our witnesses will paint a portrait of Jose and Mary Louise Menendez as parents. That will make understandable to you how they could have died at the hands of their children, what they did to their children.


To bring this about. The parents were as much on trial as Lyle and Eric Menendez were on trial and, and while the prosecution tried to, to stick to a just the facts, ma'am. Narrative, the defense strategy was emotion, emotion, emotion, emotion. The defense called teachers and coaches and family members to testify about emotional and physical abuse. Cousin Diane also took the stand and here came the most explosive issue of the trial. Diane testified that when Lyle was eight years old, he told her a secret about Jose. He and his dad had been touching each other and he indicated that That wasn in his genital area.


He asked me if my dad ever gave me massages. Another cousin, Andy Cano said A young Eric wanted to know if what was happening to him was normal. What did he say about where the massages were? Well, he told me his father was massaging his. He used that word. Yes he did. Prosecutor Bani was to say the least skeptical. If my daughter needed me to lie for her, I'd lie for her. Yeah. If That wasn a life and death thing, of course you would. If it's your cousin that you grew up with, of course you would. You Pretty sure that they were doing that.


I'm positive. One reason why A relative came to me and said that she felt that the defense was made up, that she'd confronted Lyle about it and he said to her, that's the way it's gonna be. So we had to ask, did the brothers ask you to lie for them? No. Did they ask you to sort of like shade things or tell certain stories, not other stories or anything like that? The defense contended, the abuse was real, went on for years. And finally They came to believe that something terrible was about to break loose.


Specifically that their parents were going to kill them if they didn't kill their parents. First. Mental health experts testified and said that was understandable. Eric and Lyle Menendez purchased the shotguns for their own protection. That wasn a high stakes defense, and by far the most important witnesses would be the brothers themselves. He said, I should kill you, and next time I Will, when you put the shotgun up against her left cheek and you pulled the trigger, did you love your mother?


M-S-N-B-C films presents the Sing Sing Chronicles a new four-part series from NBC News Studios featuring decades of investigative reporting from Dateline producer Dan Slepian that exposes the injustices of wrongful convictions. I spent Half my life in prison. And that's time we can't get back. The Sing Sing Chronicles first two episodes, premier Saturday at 9:00 PM Eastern on M-S-N-B-C.


Hey guys, Willie Geist here reminding you to check out the Sunday Sit Down podcast. On this week's episode, I get together with the one and only Hugh Grant to talk about his chilling new film heretic and a four decade run of unforgettable movies. You can find our conversation now for free wherever you download your podcasts.


Out of nowhere there, That wasn, sudden shocking, terrifying. I have Never in my life felt fear like That. Was this someone's idea of a sick prank or was it a horror movie Come horribly Alive? I'm thinking he killed him and he had filmed the murder. I'm Keith Morrison and this is Dateline's newest podcast, the Man in the Black Mask. All episodes are available now to listen ad free. Subscribe to Dateline Premium on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or dateline premium.com.


So what was it for? According To Abramson, there was only one relevant question to consider in the Menendez murders. Why did these killings occur? A question the brothers decided to answer themselves. No one had ever seen televised testimony like this before. Would You full names spell your last Joseph Lyle Menendez. The brothers testified in graphic emotional terms about what they said were the darkest secrets of their family Between the ages of six and eight. Did your father have sexual contact with you? Yes, we would be in the bathroom and it would, he would put me on my knees and have oral sex with him.


He raped me. Did you ask him not to? Yes. I just told him that I didn't want to do this and that it hurt me. And he said that he didn't mean to hurt me and he loved me. He just said that That wasn our secret. That bad things would happen to me if I told anybody. Lyle testified his father stopped abusing him when he turned eight.


And he said for years he had no idea his brother was a victim too. Then Eric took the stand. He told me that he was gonna train me how not to not to feel pain. He would have me give him oral sex and he would stick the needles or the Ts into my thighs. As he was doing this, Eric testified that when he refused to cooperate with his father's demands, He came back with a knife. He put it on my neck. He said, I should kill you, and next time I will Reaction to the brother's testimony was to say the least polarized. You either totally believed that the brothers had been abused or no, you thought the whole thing was a complete crock of, you know what?


But the defense said the brother's explosive claims were just the lead up. The backstory to what really prompted the murders. What do you believe was the originating cause of you and your brother ultimately winding up, shooting your parents? Me telling Lyle that You telling Lyle. What was it you telling Lyle about something that was Happening? My dad, my dad had been molesting me.


Lyle testified that he confronted his father three days before the murders. I told him I would tell everybody everything about him and I would tell the police and that I would tell the family. Then according to Lyle, his father said something that sounded like a threat. He said, we all make choices in life, son, Eric made his, you've made yours. I thought we were in danger, that he would kill us, that he would get rid of us in some way. Later that day, Eric testified his mother saw him crying. She said something like, oh, I understand. I understand a lot more than you think.


And that said, Eric is when he realized his mother was aware of the abuse. She said, She says, I know I've always known. What do you think? I'm stupid. And so the brothers decided to drive down to San Diego and buy shotguns for protection. They said two days later, said, Lyle. He and his father had another argument about the abuse, after which Lyle said his parents went into the den and shut the door. And I thought they were going ahead with their plan to kill us. The brothers knew Jose and Kitty kept two rifles in the house. So what did you do?


I ran upstairs to tell my brother that That wasn happening now. They ran up to the car, loaded their guns and burst through the den door. I was just firing. As I went into the room, I just started firing. What was in front of you? My parents At some point. Was your gun empty? Yes. I could see somebody moving. Seemed like moving in the direction of where my brother should be. So Lyle said he returned to the car, reloaded the shotgun, and ran back into the house. And what did you do after you reloaded?


I ran around and shot my mom. So did they act because of the unreasonable belief they were defending their own lives? Yes. Said the defense. A classic case of imperfect self-defense. A perfect nonsense, said the prosecutor. She grilled vile on cross-examination When you put the shotgun up against her left cheek and you pulled the trigger. Did you love your mother? Yes. And was that an act of love? Mr. Menendez That Wasn confusion and fear. They slaughtered their mother in a way that was so cruel. She got up to run and they went out and they reloaded and they put the gun up to her cheek and blew her brains out.


I'm sorry. That is the height of cruelty. The prosecution believed the brothers were flat out lying about the abuse and the events leading up to the murders. Once they finally heard the tapes recorded by therapist Jerry Zeal, which had been locked up in litigation until very late in the trial, it just confirmed what they believed. That wasn. No way I was gonna make a decision to kill my mother. Without Eric's consent, The defense actually played the tape to take the sting out of it. What Eric and I did took her courage beyond belief. Detective Zola remember had never heard the tapes before on which there were supposedly candid confessions.


But on the recordings of their therapy sessions, the brothers never once mentioned the issue that was now the very core of their defense. Why did you ever murder your parents? Oh, because they were sexually molesting us. That never came out Because of the prosecutor. That wasn a fiction. Eric and Lyle latched onto it as they sat in jail. It is the acting thing of your career, right? I mean you're, you're actually fighting for your life. So I was of the opinion that it had been fabricated. That was the prosecutor's view. But is that what the juries would believe in December, 1993, they retired to consider a verdict.


Hazel Thornton was on Eric's jury. We took a show of hands and That wasn men against women murder versus manslaughter. The main issue said Hazel That wasn a brother's story of the abuse. The women believed them, the men did not. Did discussions get heated? Oh yes. Those tumultuous deliberations carried on into the new year. It's kind of a sort of a living hell, isn't it? Just kind of sitting there waiting for somebody to make up their Money. Just cause your blood pressure to go up. Yeah, That wasn. It's hard.


Nothing came easy for the men and women deliberating the fates of Lyle and Eric Menendez. On top of infighting, there were delays from a massive 6.7 magnitude earthquake that hit the San Fernando Valley. Good luck. The court finds Based upon, and then after six months of trial, two juries, one result. Therefore, I find that the jury is hopelessly deadlocked and the court declares a mistrial. The jurors couldn't make up their minds. They were split nearly evenly between murder and manslaughter. Da Gil Garcetti vowed to retry the case.


We Have an ethical, a professional and moral responsibility to go forward with this case as a first degree murder case. But before that second trial could begin, OJ happened, and after OJ was found not guilty, and the murders of Nicole Brown Simpson and Ron Goldman, suddenly the stakes were even higher. Mr. Garcetti was very upset about the fact that we couldn't win the big one. Yeah. And when OJ Simpson went home at the end of his trial, That wasn very hard in the DA's office. We were, you know, nationally considered to be kind of losers. The second Menendez trial began just eight days after O J's acquittal, and six years after Kitty and Jose were killed.


The same judge, the same case, Leslie Abramson was back defending Eric. But this time the trial was fundamentally different. The first major ruling was no TV camera in the courtroom. Now, this time there was one jury for both brothers and not as much testimony about the alleged physical and sexual abuse cousin. Diane, for example, was able to testify just not about Lyle telling her that his father had molested him. One reason that couldn't come in was because this time around Lyle didn't take the stand, lay the foundation about abuse in the first place. In between the two trials, there were allegations that he was asking people to fabricate testimony.


Lyle was alleged to have encouraged people to lie for the defense. He asked a friend to make up a story about giving their brothers a handgun for protection. And Lyle's former girlfriend told police, he had asked her to falsely claim Jose had sexually assaulted her. So the defense decided they couldn't put him on the witness stand. So Eric Menendez had to carry the ball for both brothers and he was a good witness, but he was not as strong as Lyle Menendez had been at the first trial. And that expert testimony about the impact of the alleged abuse on the brother's state of mind. Judge Weisberg severely limited the number of experts because he felt their testimony was repetitive.


Dr. Vickery was not allowed to testify about abuse. I was shocked. I said, well, they've gutted the defense. I mean the there. There is no defense without that. That specific ruling was in large part due to the objections raised by the new prosecutor leading the people's case. Deputy Da David Conn. It's one thing that we have asked the judge to do is to limit the So-called abuse excuse. The approach that the prosecutor David Conn took was to attack at every, at every turn and not give any free passes there. Andrew Berg is a lawyer today, but back then he was a 25-year-old member of the Menendez retrial jury.


At the time, the defense attorney was saying this was a family that was win at all costs. The ends justify the means to say that their parents had abused them was almost like the ends justified the means. Let's make up this story about abuse. But one thing jurors figured was not made up were those confession tapes. This time the prosecution got to use that wild card the way they wanted to, as if you will, their smoking gun. And they played a section where the brothers seemed to have no remorse about what they had done. You miss just having his people around. I miss not having my dog around like it makes such a gross around. That really just was like a punch in the gut.


Prosecutor Kahn told the jury those zeal tapes were absolute proof of premeditation. Like when Lyle revealed that he and Eric discussed the question, should we kill our mother too? I didn't even want to influence him in that issue. I just let him sleep on it in a couple days. As testimony wrapped up, judge Weisberg's last ruling, and quite possibly the most important one of all, was this, the jurors would not Be allowed to consider an imperfect self-defense. Why? Because after the first trial, the California Supreme Court ruled that imperfect self-defense didn't apply since the brothers were not in imminent danger. Did you think in retrospect, had you been offered imperfect self-defense that you might have maybe started in a different place or come to a different conclusion?


I'm pretty confident that we would not have, because we literally started from first degree murder. And when every element was satisfied, we were done. This time around the deliberations were quicker, more congenial, and certain The verdicts and was guilty on all counts with special circumstances, Guilty of first degree murder. But the fates of Lyle and Eric Menendez were not the only headlines. Moore came in the penalty phase. Dr. Vickery finally got to testify about the alleged abuse. And under oath, he had to admit something. The doctor said Leslie Abramson asked him to delete notes she felt could be viewed as evidence of premeditation, including he said, the brothers discussing what it would be like to live without their parents.


A week before the murders. She said, look, if you don't take this out, if you don't take these sections out, you're off the case, really. So I said, well, okay. Or Leslie, I'll think about it. And reluctantly he said he agreed. He said he felt the brothers needed him. The California Medical Board punished Vickery 34 months probation. Abramson disputed Vick's version of events. In the end, The Menendez Brothers were sentenced to life with no parole. I think his fairness has been drained out of the system. After their conviction, they filed many appeals, but none stuck.


And then in 2017, Lyle agreed to an interview with me And not even in the nineties, And he talked about how much things have changed since the nineties. My father looked like the perfect family man. I think we've come to realize today that, that that can be very deceiving. M-S-N-B-C films presents a new four-part series from NBC News Studios that exposes the injustices of wrongful convictions. The Sing Sing Chronicles first two episodes, premier Saturday at 9:00 PM Eastern on M-S-N-B-C.


Lyle Menendez spent much of his life sentenced at Mule Creek State Prison in northern California. Back in 2017, he agreed to speak with us by phone. Hello? Hello. So here we are all these years later. What is 20? Lyle was 49 years old at the time, and eager to explain how outrage and fear led him and his brother to murder their parents back when he was 21. Lyle said he felt betrayed when Eric confided to him days before the murders, that their father was still molesting him. And it finally just exploded. Definitely, I was silent through everything.


My father's rape. I said, nothing for you to have done this to my brother That wasn. Like I kept my part of that sort of devil's pack and you didn't, you know, and, and my mother just, you know, you let your children wake up in the home of a child molester every day. Lyle testified in the trial that not only did his mother cover for her husband's actions, she also on one occasion was sexually inappropriate with him and said, Lyle, more than a quarter century after the murders, those feelings of anger and hurt were still close to the surface. My mother was very cruel. I would believe she just very much resented my brother.


And i's from early, early on as If you and Eric had come between her and your father? Yes. Okay. Exactly. But it certainly that weekend of my parents' death. And what happened is when I really learned that my mother knew all along and really had made a choice, you know, I mean she made her choice to choose her marriage over her children. Well, I always said, said, after Eric revealed he was being abused, Lyle confronted his father and threatened to expose him. But I mean, I certainly felt, I think fear of my, my father's reaction to the possible exposure, something that we, we just knew wasn just unthinkable.


We knew that we were in some grave danger. When did you and Eric decide to kill your parents? We didn't decide to do it. There was a moment we finally just kind of got overwhelmed with this panic and emotion and, and made the decision to, to run in that room. But there was this irrefutable fact. The prosecutor pointed out, Lyle walked out to his car to get more ammunition, reloaded his gun there, and walked back inside the house to fire that final shot directly into his mother's face while she was still alive and crawling desperately to get away. They saw that as the evidence of premeditation and cruelty.


I certainly in the room wasn't making kind of decisions in a chaotic situation like that. But, you know, reflecting afterwards, you know, it haunts me. It, it does haunt me. We reminded him of what the original prosecutor still says about him. The Lyle is still trying to avoid some level of responsibility by blaming abuse when the abuse doesn't appear to have been so bad as to, as to cause a person to do that. I don't know how you can take more responsibility than taking the stand and admitting that you killed your parents, explaining fully why, talking about things that are horrific, things to talk about about your childhood.


The other comment that would come up was, well, they, you know, they could have just gone out and got in the car and driven away. You know, they, they didn't have to do this. They would still be alive and, and you wouldn't have to have anything to do with them. Yeah, well I certainly in the state of mind I'm in now, that would be the decision I would make. But said Lyle, back then, he thought A person like my father is not going to allow you to just take something that will ruin his life that he has so carefully crafted. He's not going to, he's not going to. No, but, but, but, but, but you could have laughed. That's the point I'm trying to make. But Leave and do what? Leave and just wait for yourself to be killed in a parking lot.


They didn't believe anyone could help them. Said Lyle, not even the police. Speaking of which, that nine one one call Lyle made, Who is the person that threw a shot? Right? Mom and dad. She so grief stricken on that call and lying at the same time. I don't think I was grief stricken. I think I was just absolutely broken down with stress. Both of us were just in such a state of trauma that I just, it just poured through on that call. It made it very easy to make that call. Really. But, you know, But you could have told them instead you misled them.


Why, why that I mean? I don't think I was gonna tell the Beverly Hills police department that, you know, I told my parents, and here's a lie and they were gonna go, okay, go back home. So just self preservation at that point, Lyle strongly denied the prosecution's claim that he and Eric killed their parents from money. Furthermore, he said he didn't think their case should have even gone to trial. This case should have been settled. There are like two, two to 300 parasite cases a year where a parent is killed by a child child and they're almost all related to abuse. And they're almost all settled. This case they picked out as different. Yeah, but while That wasn different.


Exactly. And I think that That wasn very easy because That wasn Beverly Hills, my father had a lot of money to sort of sell this headline that these brothers killed for money. But if they didn't kill for money, why didn't they mention the abuse to Dr. Azi or even at first to their attorneys? I was horrified. I did not want to tell the public and my family and people in the jail know that I had been sexually abused. I didn't want that out. But of course it did come out. My father looked like the perfect family man. And I think, I think we've come to realize today that, that that can be very deceiving. He was a extremely successful immigrant who achieved the American dream from outside looking in.


Your family looked pretty good. You were two handsome guys, very smart. Going to good schools had everything right. Exactly. That kind of image is not easily pierced with, with this kind of news. Not, and certainly not back then. And not even in the nineties when I was in trial where people really believing that someone like my father was a child molester or that some of, or that a mother would cover it up. And they couldn't get past that in nineties. I wasn't just up against the prosecution. We were up against the myths that boys don't, aren't sexually abused, that CEOs and, and, and upstanding people like my father aren't child molesters.


That those are deviants in the shadows, that dysfunctional families don't happen in wealthy homes. So we had to deal with those myths back then. Today a lot of that is debunked. And people realize now that they come, childers come in all these forms, all walks of life, and that boys are sexually abused. That is exactly what others are now saying. In fact, there's a wave of support for The, Menendez Brothers and new evidence that may give them a Chance at Freedom. I knew that this was new evidence that could upend the whole case.


After their sentencing, Lyle and Eric Menendez asked to be housed together. They did not get their wish. You haven't seen Eric in how long? Wow. 1996. Getting to be a long time. Yeah. I I miss my brother every day In early 2018 that changed. The brothers were reunited. The Richard Jade Donovan Correctional Facility near San Diego outside of prison. A new chapter in the Menendez saga had also begun. I knew the moment I saw it, I knew that That wasn something of potentially major importance to the case.


In March of 2018, Robert Rand, who was writing a book about the case visited with Jose's sister Marta and got his hands on a letter that Eric had written to her son, Andy. Andy who testified at the trial, had been close to Eric growing up. He died in 2003. And in it Eric wrote, referring to his dad every night, I stay up thinking he might come in. I need to put it out of my mind. I know what you said before, but I'm afraid you just don't know dad like I do. He's crazy. He's warned me a hundred times about telling anyone, especially Lyle, the letters on dated, but events referred to suggested was written in December, 1988, eight months before Kitty and Jose were killed.


But Eric never says exactly what That wasn, That wasn bothering him. He complained, although he never used the phrase sexual abuse, he never said anything about sex. Maybe he was just gonna come in and yell at him. Apparently Jose Menendez was a kind of a, you know, not nice man. So look, Keith, You can spin it one way or the other way. Sure. But I'm a hundred percent convinced that he was talking about sexual abuse. So convinced Ran, flew to California to hand carry the letter to Lyle and appellate attorney, but Rand didn't stop with the letter. Now a full fledged advocate for the brothers. He enlisted the help of journalist Neri Incline to track down another lead.


You get a call from Bob Bob who's been on the Menendez case incessantly. Right, regarding Menendez and Menendez and Mando Mando, the boy band Jose had signed to RCA Records. Rad had heard off the record innuendo about Jose and members of the group, but it would be about a year of talking to former Mando members before finally The one Mando, who would go completely on the record and tell me in horrendous detail what was going on was Roy Roseo At 13. Roy Roseo was picked to join Minuto by Edgardo Diaz, the manager of the band.


What did he tell you about Jose Menendez and him personally? He said Edgardo Diaz said to him, listen, we have this record producer who is going to give us this, you know, gigantic deal. And he may like you and you need to do whatever he tells you to do. It's good. How Are you Incline Interviewed Roy for a documentary that aired on Peacock Menendez Plus Mando Roy told Inline That wasn the fall of 1983 or 1984, and he was driven in a limo to the Menendez House in New Jersey there, said Roy, he was given wine and then Jose took him into a bedroom and raped him.


That's the man here that raped me, this guy. He said he saw Jose again backstage at Radio City Music Hall. Jose Menendez has an entire family sitting in the audience, his wife and kids. And he demanded sex of Roy in a bathroom. And Roy said, no, no, I can't do this. I don't want this. I have a show to do. And he said that Jose Menendez said to him, I own you. I bought you. You're gonna do anything that I tell you to do In Clan. Said Roy didn't come forward any sooner because he didn't know his story would make a difference for the brothers.


And when I told Roy, Roy, do you understand that you are now a key witness in the Menendez case? And he's like, what? What are you talking about? He had no idea that what he had been through would have any impact in that case. And mind you, when those cases were going on, Roy was on alcohol, on drugs. Sure. Dealing with his own trauma. Roy has also accused the band manager, Edgardo Diaz of Rape. An allegation Diaz has denied. Roy has given Eric and Lyle's attorney a statement saying, Jose abused him at the Menendez house and at Radio City Music Hall.


And along with the Eric Letter, That wasn offered as evidence in the brother's latest appeal, which was filed in the spring of 2023. And then nothing much happened until this fall when Netflix debuted the new season of the Ryan Murphy series called Monsters. The scripted show did not claim absolute accuracy, but portrayed abuse dramatically and generated a tsunami of interest in the case. I think that they should be walking free on the Sidewalks. It got the talkers really going. They Deserve a life Too. The Menez brothers should be freed. They need to be freed and they deserve to be freed.


I'm someone that believes in second chances. It Got Kim Kardashian going too, as you told Variety on a red carpet. They never got a fair second trial. And for me, watching Ryan Murphy's Monster show, it really opened up and showed me so much about abuse. And I, she's made criminal justice reform a big part of her life. After meeting Lyle and Eric while on the visit to their prison, she pinned an essay for NBC News dot com saying, it's time though the family was not entirely united. Lyle and Eric's cousins plus one aunt came together on the courthouse steps to say the same kitty's sister Joan, it's Time to give them the opportunity to live the rest of their lives free from the shadow of their past.


And just a week later, the Los Angeles DA made a big announcement that could change everything for Lyle and Eric Menendez. Based about 35 years of behavior in prison, that gives up plenty of evidence, ample evidence. There's always more to the story. To go behind the scenes of tonight's episode, listen to our Talking Dateline series with Andrea and Keith available Wednesday. There's no Chinese food in the kitchen.


As the story of The Menendez. Brothers has blown up on social media. Some people like the original prosecutor, Pam Bch, think the world has gone mad. If you use rational thought on this case, they should stay in prison for life without parole. if you use emotion, then Oh, my God. They why? Why have they? Why are they still there today? Let 'em out tomorrow. The Rest of the world seems to think okay. They let 'em out. Let 'em out. I Actually don't think that's the rest of the world. I think it's a lot, a lot of very vocal people. TikTok world. The TikTok world. She still believes the abuse defense was fabricated and that letter offered as new evidence. bni just skeptical.


I'd love to know when that letter was written. You don't think That wasn written when it, when they say That wasn Written. No, I don't. I think people fabricate things. No surprise. Bani just made some enemies along the way. Told us she has had to delete her email account. And I have armed myself. I took lessons even. Really? Yeah. I went to the range and used a gun. I went out and bought a Mossberg shotgun, which is what they used to kill their parents. I figured That wasn easy to learn. Allen Abrahamson, who covered the trials once upon a time, is also pretty unpopular with the Pro Menendez folks. People who are supporters of Lyle and Eric Menendez really, really need to stop with the hate.


And in all the online rage, he said, the facts are getting lost. The Tiktoks are getting one thing fundamentally wrong about this case. This case is not about Lyle and Eric Menendez being abused or not. Instead, it's about whether or not Lyle and Eric Menendez were in imminent fear for their lives on the night of August 20th, 1989. They were not When it came to their mother Kitty. He said no one ever suggested that she threatened them. This is the thing that gets lost in the discussion about the Menendez case under the law of the state of California.


Even if you think Jose Menendez was the worst human being in the history of human beings, blowing the mother's face off is by itself. By itself. First degree murder and assuredly under any circumstance, grounds for life in prison without parole. But I believe that they have paid their debt to society. Los Angeles District Attorney George Gascon has other ideas That the life without the possibility of parole be removed With Lyle and Eric's family members at his side, the DA recommended the brothers be resentenced, meaning a chance for freedom and for a reason, having virtually nothing to do with their crime.


Though he accepts they were brutal murders and nothing to do with whether or not they were molested, though he believes they were and not a thing to do with the much talked about new evidence, the Menudo connection, the Eric Letter. Have you been able to authenticate that letter? We haven't. This is not about whether they committed the crime they did. This is about 35 years of rehabilitation under state law. Can they be released safely? Thus, did George Gascons sidestep the heated debate on social media? And instead, Are they likely to be safely reintegrated in the community? Because he said they become leaders in the prison community Creating green space in prison, working with prisoners that had severe disabilities to help him learning sign language.


One of them, they're both married. So the decision for me was very straightforward. But Gascons decision, as he himself admitted, is by no means unanimously supported by his own staff. We have people in my office that are completely against any kind of relief. They don't like this at all. They want the brothers to be in prison for the rest of their life. So does Kitty's brother Milton Anderson, who says they murdered from money and should stay right where they are. In fact, through his attorney, Milton accused the DA of using the death of his sister and brother-in-Law to get votes in this past election. Not true, said the da.


And you're telling me this has absolutely nothing to do with your election process. Oh, I, I'm absolutely telling. It has nothing to do with my election process. Right? He lost that election. So now what happens? The new DA has said he will have to review the case before deciding what to ask the court to do. TikTok will be watching, the brothers will be watching. And after Lyle and Eric Menendez will rejoin the great wide world or stay where they are in their small one. That's all for now.


I'm Lester Holt. Thanks for joining us. Guess.