
Vitamin Water was born in New York because New Yorkers wanted more flavor to pair with all the amazing food in the city. Vitamin Water is so New York, its three favorite cheeses are chopped cheese, bacon, egg, and cheese, and a slice of cheese Pizza. Drink Vitamin water. It's from New York.


When you think about businesses that are selling through the roof, like All Birds, Allbirds or Magic Spoon, sure you think about a great product, a cool brand, and brilliant marketing, but an often overlooked secret is the businesses behind the business making, selling, and for shoppers buying simple for millions of businesses that business is Shopify. Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. And here's the not so secret. Secret. The shop pay feature boosts conversions up to 50%. That means way less carts going abandoned and way more sales going. Shopify will help you make sure your commerce platform is ready to sell. Wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling on the web, in your store, in their feed, and everywhere in between, upgrade your business and get the same checkout Allbirds uses. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash pandora, all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash pandora to upgrade your selling today. That's Shopify dot com slash pandora.


Tonight on Dateline. I look out the window and I see my mom's body on the ground. I remember screaming, but I didn't realize That wasn coming from me. My mom fell. My two stories. Yes, I got a phone call, not as dead. One of the questions was, has your mother ever tried to kill herself? We know that somebody Was there when it happened. The video showed a shadow figure lifting this body up. My brain first went to the husband. I remember hearing the shower in my brother's room running, which was really strange. I Don't wanna say anything about my sister bump. She was awake before me. That's all I have to say. Somebody killed her, left no evidence, and got away with something.


I started yelling and screaming, you're Absolutely loving suit. No remorse, no empathy for anyone else. None of it felt real. A dead woman on the ground, an open window above. Was it an accident, suicide, or murder? I'm Lester Holt, and this is Dateline. Here's Keith Morrison with The Shadow in the Window. The sun was barely up when the girl called 9 1 1.


We need an ambulance where the traffic, A police officer turned on his siren and accelerated past the early morning traffic to reach her. Then took a left into what seemed like another world all around the narrow road, was still quiet and green like the color of money. No hint of trouble here. And then he spotted the girl. That's her running as fast as she can toward the terrible thing at her home. The thing she needed him to see. Where's she at? Her name is aa Alton Toi. She is in her twenties now.


The crime that ended her childhood was years ago. But discovering what happened while she was sleeping, that has filled up all those years and forced her to make hard choices about what it means to survive. What's it like to sit here and talk about these last few years of your life? I don't know. I mean a lot of it doesn't feel like I'm talking about my life. It just feels like I'm talking about someone's life. I don't know. Like you're looking in from the outside. Yeah. Somebody else. Exactly. It's a little strange, but Well, you're smiling. That's good. Behind her smile, there's grief of course.


And anger. So much anger. We'll get to that. Do you wanna start with that particular early morning? Yeah, we can do that. That wasn. My first day of my second week of high school, August, 2017, 14-year-old Aya had big plans for her sophomore year. I wanted to do some sort of makeup. You know, it's, we're back to school. Everybody is either a little bit tanner or did something different to their hair, you know? Yeah. So for me, That wasn, lemme try to learn how to do my makeups. Lemme do a little bit of mascara, a little bit of blush. She lived in Farmington Hills, a well-healed suburb northwest of Detroit with her mom, nada and two siblings, a younger sister and an older brother.


They had a morning routine that was almost military alarms at 6:00 AM Mom, nada would check that everyone was up in the car by six 30. That wasn, if you're not on time, you're getting left behind. But that morning, nada did not come to ensure up and That wasn getting late. I got up, got myself ready, sat on my bed, and the house was still completely silent. And I was like, okay, this is kind of strange. You should know this about the family's home. It's a sprawling 10,000 square foot mansion. Easy to get lost in. But the quiet that morning, that wasn't normal.


So Aya went to look for her mom first. She walked down the hall to her younger sister's room. She was still fast asleep. There was no sign of her mother. She wasn't in the guest bedroom either, or the kitchen downstairs or the garage. And that's when IA had a horrifying thought. And then I was like, okay, well, the window in the guest bedroom was open. I mean, I don't think she would've fallen out, but maybe she did. She rushed back upstairs to that open window and she looked down And I remember screaming. But it, it's like in those movies or when you're reading the books where it's like the, the character's like, oh, I screamed, but it, I didn't realize That wasn coming from me.


She was screaming at the side of her mother lying face up on the patio, still in her pajamas and not moving. I ran to her older brother Mohammad's room. I told him mom was outside and I like started running downstairs. He was following me and I called 9 1 1. What's going on there? I don't know. We, we were late. First close I to find my mom and I looked out the window because That wasn opening. She never open and she fell. Your mom fell. Two stories. Yes. Is she breathing? I'm not, she breathing. I don't know. IA handed the phone to her brother so the dispatcher could talk him through CPR One.


Okay. 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. IA ran down the driveway to flag down that police car. And then the paramedics and she and Mohamed tried to tell them what they knew. So I saw the window was open and meant normally wasn't, but they were cleaning supplies. And I washing the clean something in the morning to wake up early. Sure enough, police photos show a stepladder in the guest bedroom and streaks of cleaning fluid on the window pane and on the ground next to Nada was a wet towel. Had she fallen while cleaning the windows or was it something else? One of the questions was, has your mother ever tried to kill herself or was she ever suicidal, depressed, that sort of thing.


And I immediately was like, no, she hasn't. And my brother was like, no. Actually she has, Mohamad said their mother had tried to overdose on pills a few years before AAA's head was spinning. She knew nothing about this. And then suddenly her dad was at the house. There he is, falling to his knees at the news. The rest of the day was a blur. The ambulance left with her mother calls started coming in from family. And then I was also getting calls from people in the community already. Like, is everything okay? Do you need anything? It's chaos with my dad. That, wasn, That, wasn, That, wasn all over the place. And you're 14. I was 14. What IA didn't know yet was it the ambulance wasn't taking her mother to the hospital, but to the office of the medical examiner, because her mother was dead.


And i's journey was just beginning. None of it felt real. Like n none of it felt real. But That wasn real, real, the way a shadow is real when it exposes what lies behind an open window, that was her first clue something was wrong. And then two floors below, her mom lying. So still on the patio, IA didn't know if she'd fallen out or jumped. What she did know finally was that her 30 5-year-old mom was dead.


My dad was on the phone with his mom and he was talking in Arabic. He was whispering and he said, N is dead. Like she's dead. It doesn't matter how old you're, when it happens to you, becoming a motherless child is difficult passage. Yeah. I have felt so alone. Her mom's family so far away. Nada had been born on the other side of the world in Syria. That's where she'd met AAA's dad, Dr. Basil Aui. After they moved to the us he opened an urgent care clinic. They were both devout Muslims, steadfast members of their local mosque.


My mom was a lot more extroverted, loved going to events, that sort of thing. My dad was, had to drag him out of the house to go to an event. Her parents separated in 2016 and her dad moved out of the house. So That, wasn, nada, who did most of the parenting, usually with that big smile she had, I wish we had a lot more time together because the time that we had towards the end wasn't always the best, just because I, I was A teenager. I, I wanted my privacy. I was getting to the age where hanging out with your mom isn't cool anymore. What was the last thing you ever said to her or she to you? That's a sad one. My mom asked me to spend the night in her room, and she hadn't done that in years.


So I was like, no, I'm, I'm, I have school tomorrow. I'm gonna go to my room. And she's like, no. Like, come on, just spend the night in my room. She asked me three times and each time I said no. And I remember in my head I was like, okay, if she asked me a fourth time, I'll say, yeah, she didn't ask me a fourth time. Do you wonder sometimes what would've happened? Had you stayed in her room with her? Yeah. Yeah. But what did happen as Farmington Hills police investigators began pondering that they got phone calls from not as friends, friends who clearly adored her. She would walk into class happy with a smile on her face. Deanie and Susie, who asked if we not use their last names for privacy reasons, knew Nada from their gym, the Franklin Athletic Club.


They had first met her nearly 10 years before when she joined their Zumba class. What was she like? Oh. my God, sweet, loving, happy Dene was getting ready for her exercise class when she got word Nada was dead. And That wasn like, what? What do you mean nada's? Dead I mean I was crying for weeks and weeks after this happened because she was such a sweetheart. The morning after, not hiss death, chief Medical Examiner, Dr. Luha Dragovich and his team set out to find some answers. Dr. Dragovich assigned one of his doctors to do an initial autopsy. The photographs were projected on the, on the screen in the conference room.


And our colleague started reporting on the case and said, I believe that she died from those injuries that she sustained. In other words, nada died because she fell or jumped out the window. But the longer Dr. Dragovich looked at those photos, the more something bothered him. That wasn a deep kind of scrape right above her mid forehead. And it struck me that this type of injury to this scalp, I would expect to bleed pretty heavily. But there was no blood there, No bleeding on her brain either or from scrapes on her elbow and leg, which could mean only one thing, not as hard, must have stopped pumping before she went out the window.


She didn't jump or die from an accidental fall. She was already dead by then. The enigma here was actually how she came to her death. So back to the lab, he went to run more tests and back went the detectives to Nada's house. They didn't find any signs of struggle there, but a tipster had told them something. The house had six security cameras and Nada kept them rolling at all times. Investigators began scrolling through hours and hours of footage looking for whatever, maybe nothing.


But they did see something, something very strange, and it changed everything. I said, God, this cannot be.


When you think about businesses that are selling through the roof, like Allbirds or Magic Spoon, sure you think about a great product, a cool brand, and brilliant marketing. But an often overlooked secret is the businesses behind the business making, selling, and for shoppers buying simple for millions of businesses that business is Shopify. Nobody does selling better than Shopify Home of the number one checkout on the planet. And here's the not so secret. Secret. The Shop pay feature boosts conversions up to 50%. That means way less carts going abandoned and way more sales going. Shopify will help you make sure your commerce platform is ready to sell. Wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling on the web, in your store, in their feed, and everywhere in between, upgrade your business and get the same checkout to Allbirds uses. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash pandora, all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash pandora to upgrade your selling today. That's Shopify dot com slash pandora.


The air hung heavy in the courtroom. The people pressed shoulder to shoulder. They'd heard the gossip in the whispers about a family teaming with passion and hate about a mysterious disappearance and a pile of bones found burning in a lime pit. And now they wanted to know what really happened, but even they were not prepared for the story that came spilling out the secrets, the lies, the confessions, and the ending. So unimaginable. And now you will hear it too. The Dead Alive on Morrison Mysteries a true story that became a classic novel. Listen now wherever you get your podcasts


For True Crime fans, nothing is more chilling than watching Dateline. Have you Ever seen such a thing before For podcast fans? Nothing is more chilling than listening. What Goes through your mind when you make a discovery like that? And when you subscribe to Dateline Premium, it gets even better. Excuse Me if I sound a little skeptical. Every episode is ad free. Oh wow. So this could be your ace in the Hole and not just ad free. You also get early access to new intriguing mysteries and exclusive bonus content. So what were you afraid of? Dateline Premium. Subscribe now on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or dateline premium.com. You Ready for what's coming?


They could only hope, of course, to detectives that they'd see something helpful on the security video. There were six cameras after all hours and hours of flickering footage from the house were not have died, but not one of them was focused on the guest bedroom. Except look at this. There was a camera pointed down toward the patio and just before 5:55 AM nada's body, suddenly grotesquely fell through the frame. Detectives watched the video again, and this time they noticed something else on the left side of the screen. A light in the guest bedroom had created shadows on the grass outside a grizzly shadow play of what looked like a person moving at the window, lifting something.


What was your sort of reaction in the moment? Your, what'd you think? I said, God, this cannot be, you see the lifeless body being disposed over the window sill with some, some push propelling Over. Sure. Somebody seemed to be struggling to get that over, over the edge of the window. Well, obviously because dead body is dead weight. But who cast our shadow? Who shoved nada out the window? Nada's friends said That. wasn obvious to them. My brain first went to the husband. I mean we all did That. All I knew. Yeah, we all did.


Not as soon to be ex-husband, Dr. Basel. Aui. But hang on a minute. Hadn't he fallen to his knees when police told him about Nada's death? Overcome by grief? Maybe. But what was also true, AYAs parents were in the grip of a bitter divorce. Nada had been so young when they got married, 11 years younger than Basil. But as the kids got older, said Aya, her mom chaffed against her father's control. She wasn't really being submissive anymore. She wasn't being like, yeah, like I'll do whatever you want. Nada wanted her freedom. I had told us, starting with a job, She's like, I'm gonna be a personal trainer.


This is what I wanna do. He absolutely lost it. Why We to lose it over that? 'cause she's getting a job because she's getting a job at a place where men and women worked together. Bickering turned into physical fights at Aya on Valentine's Day, 18 months before her mom died, AYA was woken up by her parents yelling. She went to see what was going on. Basel had grabbed Nada's phone. My dad at this point, he is in his room trying to close the door, and my mom's outside of the room and her hand was between the crack of the door and the wall. And my dad slammed the door and closed on her hand. Ouch. Yeah.


Really painful. IA called the police and her dad was arrested on a domestic violence charge. He later pleaded no contest. A judge put him on probation and ordered him to keep away from Nada. And she filed for divorce, took that job as a fitness instructor and consulted this man, Dr. Halal Abu Aldo, a law professor and Islamic scholar. The question was, you know, I've been wearing the hijab for many years. I've been covering my hair as a Muslim woman, and I am wondering whether it's a sin to take off the veil, The professor's council.


She wouldn't be a bad Muslim either way. I don't know of too many Muslims who believe that not covering your hair is equal to Aposty. Yeah, That's just a very extreme position. Nada decided to stop covering her hair. Bazel didn't like it one bit. Was she afraid of her situation? Did she express that fear to you? She definitely described her family life as oppressive. Hmm. But she didn't say anything. That gave me the sense that she would be putting her life at risk if she decides to take off the veil And the divorce dragged on.


Nada started seeing another trainer at the gym, and Basel had other troubles, a criminal investigation into his urgent care clinic. He ended up pleading guilty to felony health insurance fraud, paid a hefty fine, lost his medical license when he showed up the morning of her mother's murder, That wasn. The first time I had seen him in more than a year. The first thing He says to me is, AYA, what are you wearing? You're gonna go to hell if you keep dressing like that. That night, basil stayed with the kids at the house. Aya said she locked herself in her bedroom, got up the next morning and went to school to get away from him. How'd you deal with being in school?


How'd you concentrate on Everything? Oh, I didn't. I sat in my guidance counselor's office the whole day. What were you afraid he would do to you? Hurt me physically. I mean I'd, I'd seen what he'd done to my mom. So was the shadowy presence throwing nada out the window? I as dad, it must have been, except it couldn't have been. There's a place IA can go to feel a moment of peace and calm, something she loved to do as a child.


When I'm horse riding, I like don't think about anything else besides me and the horse. It's therapeutic to me. Here is where the chaos stops, the memories, the questions. Aya had so many of those, mostly about her father and whether he could possibly be her mother's killer. Suffice to say there was an awful lot of rage in that relationship. Yeah, Well, no, I as dad had an ironclad alibi. Well, on probation for that domestic violence charge, Basel had to wear a tracking device, which showed he was miles away. There was no way he could have been The Shadow in the Window.


Which meant what? Sorry, what's your name again, sir? Nah, again, we're sorry about your loss. I'm sure it's tough. The day after the murder i's brother, 16-year-old Muhammad sat with detectives at the dining room table. Basel had run an errand, but asked his son to help detectives figure things out. Would you know if somebody came over to the house last night? I'm I, I I should. Yeah. I mean, would there be like a door chime or anything like that? That Yeah, the thing is on Sunday I had pretty bad ear infection, so I couldn't really hear from one ear. Mohammad said the first time he knew something was wrong was when he heard his sister yelling at his bedroom door.


So then we run across all the way around the house. And then I didn't really know what to do from there. So I went back inside, brought some water for her, went back outside. And then that's when the, the operators turned me to the CBR Detectives told Muhammad they were puzzling over something, that security camera video showing someone had been in the room with Nada as far as anyone knew, Mohammad and his two sisters were the only other people in the house. Somebody was there. We know that it's on video, so we know that somebody was there when it happened. I don't wanna say anything about my sister Paul I mean, if it comes down to it, then yeah, she was awake before me.


That's all I have to say. But I had long hair investigators thought the person in the video had short hair like Muhammad, You're telling me right. Now that you weren't in the room, like maybe helping her clean the windows or holding the ladder or anything like that. When this happened, when this accident happened? No, Mohammad told his story again, but the detectives didn't seem satisfied. I mean now's the time. If we're gonna, if we're gonna be honest about it, we gotta be honest about it now. And gradually his story started to change. He said he did see his mom that morning after all, I saw her walking upstairs with some stuff and then she said to go get a spray bottle.


And then I brought her that, and then I just, that's it. I left. There's Gotta be more, more I can tell by the way, just it's, you're gonna feel a lot better so we can get this explained out if it's an accident. Is that what happened? It's my mom's life, man. Just tell us you've gone this far, bud. Finally, Mohammad told investigators yes, she'd been in the room that he'd held the ladder for his mom so she could clean the windows. And she slipped and he tried to grab her foot. But That wasn too late. I I, I looked down and I didn't wanna, I I didn't want to do, I, I was like a dreaming so into my room immediately.


And I just want to forget about it because I just saw my mom fall, man. Except remember the medical examiner said there was no accidental fall. Nada was dead before she went out the window. But before the detectives could ask Muhammad about that, Bazel walked in and stopped the interview. I need an attorney now. I don't want to go any further. You know, you're investigating a child. He, That's when detectives took them all to the police station. Aya and her sister in one car, Mohammed in another car. Did that mean anything to you? I thought That wasn just routine. They had questions, they needed to answer it down on the station kind of thing, But there was nothing routine about this.


I didn't know it, but some of her mom's friends had been talking to the police about Moham. She said that Muhammad felt that everything that went wrong in the family, everything was all because of her blamed for everything. And the More Americanized she became, the worse it got. Yeah. And Susie remembered something. Nada said the last time they saw each other. I will always have my daughters, but to my son, I'm dead. I have found out what happened next. Not from police, but in a text from a school friend And they're like, do you believe your brother actually did it? And I was like, what do you mean?


Do I believe my brother did it? And they're like, Oh, my God. Like, I'm so sorry you didn't see the news like they're charging your brother Moham had been arrested for the murder of their mother, That wasn like, oh, okay, Wait a minute. You didn't just go, oh, Okay. Yeah, in my head I did. I was like, oh, I mean it's, it's outta my control. What am I supposed to do about it? How could a 14-year-old absorb such a thing? Mohamed, the first person she'd run to for help that morning, her own brother, could he really be their mother's killer? She didn't wanna believe it, couldn't even think it. All she knew was she had to survive, so she made a decision to toughen up.


It's a very charming wall that you build around yourself, but it's impregnable. I can see That Unless you want it to open up. Exactly. It would be years before that happened and years before a jury would get a look at the shadowy figure in that video, what would they see? You can't make out the sex, the size, the age of anyone in a shadow.


When you think about businesses that are selling through the roof, like all birds or magic spoon, sure you think about a great product, a cool brand, and brilliant marketing. But an often overlooked secret is the businesses behind the business making, selling and for shoppers buying simple for millions of businesses that business is Shopify. Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. And here's the not so secret. Secret. The shop pay feature boosts conversions up to 50%. That means way less carts going abandoned and way more sales going. Shopify will help you make sure your commerce platform is ready to sell. Wherever your customers are scrolling or scrolling on the web and your store, in their feed and everywhere in between, upgrade your business and get the same checkout Allbirds uses. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash pandora, all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash pandora to upgrade your selling today. That's Shopify dot com slash pandora.


I'm Keith Morrison. This story is about the end of the world. A frostbitten pet, cemetery and zombies. This is a story about a woman linked forever to the awful things that happened to her children. It has to be heard to be believed. Think you know every Dateline story. Think again. Listen to Mommy Doomsday and a dozen other riveting series when you follow the Dateline Originals podcast.


Hey guys, Willie Geist here reminding you to check out the Sunday sit Down podcast. On this week's episode, I get together with 16 time Grammy winner, Alicia Keys to talk about a career full of beautiful music and the new Broadway musical inspired by her own life. You can get our conversation now for free wherever you download your podcasts.


Muhammad Dalton Aui, just 16 years old, arrested for the murder of his own mother. It just didn't compute in my brain that a child could kill his mother. We were all horrified. We were absolutely horrified. Muhammad's dad hired veteran attorney Michael Oceano to defend his son. I don't believe Mohamed did this. He thought the cops had a bunch of shadows and that was about it. That's a shadow being reflected off the house onto this left side of the screen here. You can't make out the sex, the size, the age of anyone in a shadow. Anyway, look at the kid, said Shiano.


He was, I would say a very skinny, I would almost call him frail at the time, 16-year-old, Too weak to overpower his mother. He'd been injured in a car accident a couple years previous, fractured vertebrae, smashed breastbone, et cetera, et cetera. Besides the timeline was too tight, not enough time to commit a murder and hide any evidence. Remember the kids were supposed to get up to go to school at six o'clock. This woman went out the window at 5 55 having this whole house cleaned up all within a five minute period of time, a 15 or 16-year-old boy being able to accomplish that, that's, that's pretty fun. Anybody being able to accomplish that and get out of the house and get out of the Property, correct?


I mean how correct. But That wasn Mohammad's interview at the dining room table that the defense attorneys really took issue with. You're gonna feel a lot better so we can get this explained up as an accident. This said Shiano and all the hallmarks have a false confession. I mean you have three officers surrounding 'em at a table. You weren't in the room like maybe helping her clean the windows or holding the ladder or anything like that. When you feed someone that young, a story like that, they're gonna appease the older person. Gianna was determined that no jury should ever hear that interview. So before the trial even began, he appealed it all the way to the Michigan Supreme Court until finally the prosecutors agreed not to use it as evidence.


That wasn a huge win, but it took years, years that were very hard on ia. Every year or so it would be like, oh, the trial starting on the state and then we'd reach that date and they'd be like, oh, actually it got pushed another year or something. So then I'd have to wait even longer to know how did she die? Who who was involved I's life had been transformed. No more big house in Farmington Hills. She chose to go into foster care rather than live with her dad. He was like, I, if you come live with me, like I'll buy you horses. And I was like, okay, I'm not doing that. Aya still suspected that her dad was involved in the murder somehow and she clung to the hope that maybe her brother was innocent.


I just want to continue to give him the benefit of the doubt because if I believed that he did it, then that would've meant that I lost my mom. I lost my brother. I lost my dad. The trial finally began in March 20, 22. Five years after Nada's murder lead detective Richard Weby told the jury the crime scene had been aged. I saw the tilex there and I thought that that was very odd. I've never seen or heard of anybody cleaning windows with tilex. Then That wasn time for the centerpiece of the prosecution's case. That security video, It appears to be ahead, covered in shorter hair.


The witnesses at the time advised that the only male in the house, the only person with short hair was the defendant. And there was more on that security tape to consider Mohamed giving his mother CPR. He was very half-hearted. At some point during the time where he still counting out loud to the dispatcher, the defendant stopped giving CPR altogether. He was just counting 1, 2, 3, 4, 1. Fake CPR. Mohamed knew there was no point because he had killed her. The prosecutor said the medical examiner said he figured out how The findings in the lungs were characteristic of nasal oral blockage.


Somebody putting a pillow over the face or a cloth or suffocation, In other words. Well, you can. You can think of various things Including that wet towel police saw and smelled beside not as body, body Evidence, texts reported as smelling like nataline of or something to that nature. Some kind of chemical, Some kind of chemical, A chemical that maybe knocked nada out cold. But would a jury really believe that a son could do such a thing to his own mother? Well look at his phone. The prosecutor said His contact name for Nada was dog.


That was his name for his mom. In his context, That phone said the prosecutor also revealed motive on That wasn. A text Nada sent her son a few weeks before her death, That wasn about the divorce. Nada was set to give a deposition any day. She warned her lawyer was asking about quote criminal things that will send your dad to prison if I said anything. The prosecutor said, That wasn clear. Mohammad killed his mom to protect his dad. His whole goal was to prevent that deposition from happening on the 23rd. And that's exactly what he did. There was one more thing police found on Mohammad's phone and That wasn, perhaps the most suspicious piece of evidence in the entire case.


Pictures he'd snapped just a few weeks before the murder. They were photographs of the same window from which her body was dropped out of on August 21st. Proof prosecutors said that Muhammad had been plotting the murder for weeks. I heard none of this because she was a witness in the case about to see her brother for the first time in years, and yet it wasn't him. It would be her father who sent her carefully constructed protective walls crashing down the wait for her brother's trial had seemed endless.


Something to endure. I mean. I would definitely have moments where I'd be really upset with everything, but for the most part I was just, I was numb to it. Yeah, because I knew if I let my grief take over, then I like I just wouldn't be able to function. Why is it that I get the feeling I've had the feeling the entire time we've been talking that one poke too many through that protective layer of yours and there's a pretty wounded soul inside. Because at the end of the day, I'm still human. There's only so much I can take With Muhammad in jail awaiting his trial. AA hadn't seen him or spoken to him. She hoped still that he was innocent, but she told the prosecutor, she'd testified about what she knew about what she had seen When the divorce case started.


He was very against it because he kind of saw it as my mother was trying to take my father's money, my father's house destroy our family, rip our family apart. When your brother addressed your mother, did you tell what kind of a tone he was using toward him? Very aggressive. Then just a week before the murder, I had testified not a told Muhammad he could move in with his dad And my brother basically just responded, it doesn't matter, you already did this. Like you're gonna get what's coming to you. Such a throwaway remark.


And yet the prosecutor argued here was more proof. Mohammad had planned to kill his mother. Give her what was coming. Not so fast that Mohammad's defense attorney, There's not one report of that in any police report. So Hamm said this to his mother. Right? So you thought she made it up? Absolutely. A hundred percent. On cross-examination, the attorney confronted Aya with her statements to police all those years ago, which painted a very different picture of her brother. A time Muhammad rushed to help his mother when she was choking on some food. Hardly the behavior of a son who wanted to kill his mother said the defense.


And He was the one that came to her assistance at that time, right? That's what you told the police? At least That's what I told the police then. Yes. I don't remember the exact details of the event. And then came the crux of the defense case, the complete lack of evidence connecting Muhammad to the crime. The defense argued he couldn't be identified in the security camera video and the footage of him doing CPR that proved nothing. If he's gonna just be faking it, why not just sit there in 1, 2, 3, 4, 1, 2, 3, 4, 1, 2, 3, 4? No, you see him actually pushing down, but would you agree that he was a little, A little too calm, a little, quite frantic enough for what he, I think if you listen to his voice, it sounds very frantic.


As for motive, the prosecution alleged Mohammad killed his mom to stop her spilling the beans on his dad at that upcoming divorce deposition, but read the whole text, said the defense attorney. Neither had gone on to write, I did not open my mouth. I'm not gonna say anything. I'm not gonna say anything whatsoever. What's more, if you looked at the crime scene photos, you could see mohammad's bags packed up and ready to go. The bottom line was where was the animosity at that point? The defense attorney asked why police hadn't tried harder to find other possible suspects. That wasn. Not anything other than a casual relationship.


Nada had been seeing a coworker from the gym who testified he snuck into the house more than once when the kids were sleeping well. So too could a potential killer said the defense equally preposterous. According to the defense was the prosecution's theory of the crime lab tests found no chemical on the towel. So how could Muhammad have overpowered his mom, let alone hurled her body out of a window? What would you say to the defense lawyer's assertion strongly that that your brother wasn't big enough? How could he get her out the window? I think when you're very determined to do something, little things like that aren't gonna stop you.


Finally, after all the years of waiting, she saw the sum of the evidence against him and was convinced her brother was guilty. And after a quick deliberation, Guilty of first degree premeditated murder, The jury was two, six months later, Mohammad spoke to the court at his sentencing. I am innocent. I have never waved, nor will ever waver in that truth. IA listened to her brother and then to her father deliver a victim impact statement, which barely mentioned her mother. It seemed to be all about defending Moham. He was a loving and he's still a loving, caring, supportive human being.


I mean. That was my breaking point. The sentencing. I absolutely lost him. I have followed your father into the hallway. I started yelling at him. You are Show Like his face was here and my face was here and I was just pointing my finger in his face and I had like six, seven deputies holding me back. I had just had enough and all this pence up anger. They had absolutely no remorse, no empathy for anyone else in the situation about themselves. I mean, how are you human? Is it Your belief that your father actually wanted your mother to be killed?


Yes. That he counseled your brother to kill her? Yeah. No way to prove that. But when the time came, she said it out loud in court she read a family statement that left no doubt what she believed. He was the one who pressured his son the killer. We don't understand how this killer was able to carry out this dreadful scheme that was planned out by his father. Others close to not suspect, Basel may have influenced his son. A 16-year-old is still a child and and a child who is molded by adults. And so who did the molding here?


Basel. Alden Twi has never been charged During the divorce. He denied trying to turn Muhammad against his mother. But evidence introduced at the trial does raise questions about what he might have known. And when right after getting that text from his mom about the deposition, Muhammad sent it to his dad and That wasn to his dad. He sent that photo of the open window. Then on the morning of the murder, before Nada's body was discovered, where could show Mohammad and his dad called or messaged each other more than 20 times. We sent multiple requests to Basel asking him for any comment he may wish to make. There has been no response.


The prosecutor declined our request for an interview, but told us he didn't find enough evidence connecting Basil to the crime to charge him. In this case, I find it extremely difficult to have to sentence this young man in what can only be described as a very heinous offense. Mohammad was sentenced to 35 to 60 years in prison. AA hasn't spoken to him since. She's lost touch with her sister too, because her sister lives with her dad. If I were to ever reach out to him, it would just be because of my sister. He's dead to me for all I care. I don't need my dad. I've made a pretty great life for myself If I do say so myself.


So, So whatcha gonna do with it? This life of yours, I'm gonna become a lawyer. She is determined this young woman to leave the past behind. She graduated college in three years and after law school, she hopes one day to help foster kids and vulnerable children like she wants. Was I wanna make an impact in the world Just like her mother did with her. Big smile, a big heart. Aya wants to make her proud. That's all for this edition of Dateline.


And check out our talking Dateline podcast. Keith Morrison and Andrea Canning will go behind the scenes of tonight's episode, available Wednesday in the Dateline Feed, wherever you get your podcasts. We'll see you again next Friday for our two hour season Premier at nine eight Central. I'm Lester Holt For all of us at NBC News. Goodnight.