
Ready to start your GLP one Weight loss journey. It's never been easier. With Whole Health Rx by the vitamin shop. Visit Whole Health RX for access to highly effective weight loss solutions. Transforming countless lives every day with no insurance required. Choose from Dr. Trusted Ozempic Mounjaro compounded some glide and more delivered to your doorstep. See if you qualify for quick approval to reach your healthiest weight ever. Explore Whole Health Rx, including important safety information about risk for thyroid C cell tumors at www.vitaminshop.com/glp one.


Weight loss.


A true crime story never really ends even when a case is closed. The journey for those left behind is just beginning. Since our Dateline story aired, Tracy has harnessed her outrage into a mission. I had no other option. I had to do something. Catch up with families, friends, and investigators on our bonus series After the Verdict. Ordinary people facing extraordinary circumstances with strength and courage, it Does just change your life. But speaking up for these issues helps me keep going. To listen to After the Verdict, subscribe to Dateline Premium on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or@datelinepremium.com.


Hello, 9 1 1. I think there's a body out here. Please send somebody Hurry. They had the body of a young woman who matched the description of Reagan and they just saying that has to be wrong. Who would want to hurt? Reagan? Investigators would start with those closest to her. Is your gut telling you this is someone she knew? We were figuring that That wasn probably somebody that she knew, an ex-boyfriend, current boyfriend, But miles away a string of alarming encounters. He Had a knife. He put it to My neck. I heard a voice say, don't turn around, or I'll shoot. This was somebody that wanted to do evil.


Could there be a connection to Reagan's murder? The answer would leave an entire city infuriated. How the heck does this happen? How does this happen? They could Have connected the dots way sooner. The System failed Reagan terribly. I think it's outrage times a thousand. A harrowing story that would reveal an unbelievable blind spot in law enforcement. I'm Lester Holt, and this is Dateline. Here's Andrea Canning with Unchecked Evil. Look at the pictures and you can see Reagan tos was a ray of light.


She was a vivacious ball of energy. She was always just so fun to be around. She felt like part of my family. I still don't think I've ever met anyone that could make me laugh like she did. A caring friend, a devoted daughter, she radiated life from her very first breath. She came out eyes wide open, just ready to take on the world, Which made her final moments all the more incomprehensible, terrified, and alone in that darkened field To just think about what she had to endure and what she was ultimately clinging onto at the end was just to live and be able to go home.


Your sister met with evil that night. That's all he is, is just evil. For Reagan's family, the way she was taken from them wasn't just heartbreaking. That wasn infuriating. Is this a crime that never should have happened? Absolutely never should have happened. They had this monster in their grasp and their control and they let 'em slip through. Our story begins on a college campus that had long been Reagan's dream. Her dad, Toby, took her to an Ohio State football game when she was little.


He and her mom, Lisa say that was it. She told me that that's where she wanted to be, and I told her if she worked hard and got good grades, I'd make sure she could go And she never applied anywhere else. No. That's where I wanna go and don't worry, I'm gonna get in. Mackenzie is Reagan's little sister. I just remember that whole year leading up to it. She had just told everyone, well, I'm gonna be going to Ohio State. She Basically told the admissions people, this is Happening. Basically that I'm coming. Madison, Jackie, Kirsten and Stephanie were her college roommates. She had a goofy streak to her. Oh Yeah, the goofiest.


Yeah. She was hilarious. She was just silly. She was just always laughing and always making us laugh To earn some extra cash. Reagan applied for a job at this popular Columbus restaurant called Bodega. Kirsten and Stephanie worked there too. She's like, I need another job. Do you know anything? And I'm like, come work at Bodega. By February, 2017, Reagan was just months away from graduation. She made a difficult decision. She and her college boyfriend broke up. She was so heartbroken that week. They both really cared about each other. So That wasn hard, but I think That wasn what was best for both of them Days. Later on February 8th, she headed off for an evening shift at bodega.


That wasn just like a normal, I was just like, okay, bye. Like have fun or I'll see you later. Like You had a million times before. Exactly right. Reagan's dad expected to get a call from her after work. They spoke almost every day, but the call never came. No. I remember just after 10 o'clock I started to get concerned that something might be wrong, and I tried really to get ahold of her for about four hours that night. In this case, you really had a father's intuition. I did that. Something was wrong. Yep. The next morning Kirsten got an uneasy feeling too. When she passed Reagan's empty room. They were supposed to walk to class together, But I was like, she probably got up early.


She probably went to the library. It's midterm week like there's a million things to do, But by early afternoon That wasn clear. No one had heard from Reagan since she left work the night before. What are you thinking happened to her? It's one of those like you have that gut feeling, but at the same time you're like, it's gonna be fine. I thought maybe she wanted to go see one of her friends that was out of town. Maybe her phone died while she was driving. Like I was not thinking the worst. I just thought That wasn weird. Right. They went to the last place. Reagan was seen bodega and the manager called in a missing person's report as they waited for police to arrive. Kirsten overheard two employees talking about an online news story.


He was like, oh, you gotta look at this article. And he showed the bartender and he's like, that's not good. Hours earlier, a man driving into a park in a Columbus suburb 10 miles away had spotted something. Hello? 9 1 1. Yeah, I think there's a Bonnie out here. I don't know if this is a fake or or what. I can't afraid to get close to it. Please send somebody hurry. Grove City police Lieutenant Brian Davidson was on the scene within minutes. When we first got here, we could see a body out here, probably about 18 feet or 20 feet from the roadway. She was completely naked and we could tell that she'd been shot in the head Shot twice and possibly raped.


Were you seeing any clues in the field? You know, there was nothing other than her. We were scanning the entire area and didn't see anything. Any idea who this woman is At this time? No. The victim's clothes wallet and cell phone were nowhere to be found. We had a necklace and then there was a tattoo on her body. What sort of tattoo? You know That wasn a tattoo That wasn on her side of her body and That wasn just a circle, a dark circle. Davidson thought it might be a runaway they were looking for from a neighboring county, but then he got word that an OSU student was missing. Detectives responded to bodega. One of their first questions for Reagan's friends, did she have a tattoo?


The answer was yes. The detective looked at me and said, the body we did find did have the tattoo, but we won't know for sure until a family member identifies That wasn that enough for you? Yeah. Yeah. We all went outside and like collapsed on the corner and started sobbing. Obviously That wasn the worst possible news yet That wasn only the beginning. What had happened to Reagan when we come back? Details no one wanted to hear. I Just cut Saying that has to be wrong. Who could have wanted to hurt her? Detectives were about to talk to her Ex. Just the breakup alone could be a red flag.


Yes. In Florida where Reagan's parents lived, they spent the afternoon working the phones frantically waiting for news. All they knew was that no one had seen or heard from their daughter since the night before. And your mind starts going like, oh no. What if she had had a car accident and her car skidded off the road and it's in a ditch somewhere? Your mind's all over the place and it's horrible. Reagan's disappearance had her sister worried too.


I had instantly like broken down, went into my school, was a mess, and everyone there had just constantly been telling me it's gonna be okay. She's 21, she's fine. Finally, just after dark Lisa's phone rang, They had said that they had the body of a young woman who matched the description of Reagan, who had been found naked and shot twice in the head. And I just kept saying, you, that has to be wrong. I had just see my parents through the door and I knew immediately that it wasn't that she had just like got in a car accident or you know, had been found somewhere That wasn worse than that.


And That wasn a lot more violent. How could you Tell? I could just see it in their faces That wasn just like everything had been sucked out of them, That wasn just any life that was there was gone. As sure as police were that Reagan was their victim, official identification would still have to be made by a family member. Reagan's uncle lived within driving distance. I just kept remembering too. I was so praying all through the night that That wasn just gonna be a mistake. And he was gonna get there and he was gonna call me and he was gonna say, no, they made a mistake. It's not her. But that's not the phone call we got.


Reagan was gone at just 21 years old now that their victim had a name. Police had to figure out who killed her. Brian Davidson supervised the detective division. Any risk factors in her life? Was she into drugs? Anything that you found that could have led her down this path somehow? No, and that was the thing. I mean, you know, she was a, a brilliant student. She was getting ready to graduate. I mean, she was just a great kid. I can remember the detective asking me, is there anybody that you know of that would've wanted to hurt her? And I can remember I was just like, why are you No, why? Why would anybody wanna hurt her?


Everybody loved her. Mackenzie could see that too. When I went to apply for my first job when I turned 16, I walked in there and just had to say my last name. And I said, my sister actually worked for you last summer. And he was like, you're hired. Just 'cause I liked her. Reagan spent her free time taking mission trips with her church and was planning a career in psychology. She Knew she would be able to have a positive impact and make a Difference. You must have just been like, I'm just so proud of her. We were. She had a gift and, and she would've done anything she set her mind to. At OSU. Reagan's roommates say that she was all about making friends, not enemies. She said that she looked me up on Facebook before we moved in and she immediately knew we would be friends.


So she was Right. Why? What did you put on your Facebook Page? She was like, I looked at everyone that we were gonna live with and I picked you out to be my friend. I was like, okay. So there didn't seem to be anything in Reagan's history that would help shed light on what happened to her yet to detective's eyes. Reagan's murder seemed personal. Is your gut telling you this is someone she knew? You know, at that time we were really figuring that That wasn probably somebody that she knew. You know, an ex-boyfriend or a current boyfriend. Remember Reagan and her boyfriend had just broken up. His name was Jake. Reagan's friends thought he was a sweetheart. We were just, I mean, like, no, absolutely not.


Why were you so sure? 'cause he loved her. Yeah. And he was still our friend. He was just a good guy. There's not a mean bone in his body, But of course, that's not the way a detective thinks. Just the breakup alone could be a red flag. Yes. Detectives paid Jake a visit. They recorded the conversation. When was the last time you talked to her? Probably a week and a half ago. Is that normal? Well, not usually. I, I, I talked to her every day, but we were breaking up kind of. Did he give a reason why they broke up? The reason, I guess was that they both wanted to concentrate more on their schoolwork. And they felt that dating was just kind of getting in the way That wasn just, we didn't have enough time really for each other.


We had to focus on school. Did he say that if they had fought? He said they never fought. He said that they just, That wasn a mutual breakup. She even said it in one of the texts. I mean, I'm one of her best friends. No matter what The detective asked to look at Jake's phone, something he said about Reagan after she died, caught his eye. Okay, Jake, lemme ask you this. Okay, I'll take this the wrong way. Okay. Why in the world would you write I that you're in a better place? Well, can I see what I, I was talking to her like she like, I don't know. Like she's in heaven. You still hear it very often. Better place when somebody was living a good life. Well, no, I know. But if I were to go today, I would know that I would go somewhere better. That's just what I believe.


So, And there was something else that seemed a little strange to police. You said you posted on Instagram? Yes, sir. Might've got some likes. He was talking about how many likes it had. It did bring up a lot of red flags to us immediately. But there were other leads to Chase, including one from an unlikely source Coming up. That's incredible. A garbage truck. Yes. Gives you a huge break. In this case That wasn definitely the break that we were looking for. And then uneven bigger break from some security video. We see the suspect When Dateline continues.


Hey everybody, I'm Al Roker from the Today Show. I am so excited to kickstart the new year with help from our all new Start Today app. It has everything you need for your wellness journey all in one place. Fitness challenges for all levels. Meal plans that are easy and delicious and so much more. It's built to fit your lifestyle and our experts will guide you every step of the way. Come on, let's do this. To subscribe, download, start Today from the app store on your Apple device. Now terms apply. Cancel anytime through Apple under profile settings.


They called it the happiest place on the high desert home to a tight knit group of 30 somethings who like to party. It starts as a Playboy channel fantasy, but this is real life Where passion leads to murder and a killer seeks God's help with the coverup. I'm Josh Owt and this is Deadly Mirage. An all new podcast from Dateline. All episodes are available now to listen ad free. Subscribe to Dateline Premium on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or dateline premium.com. Now they had the final answer. Or did they?


Nothing has more suspense than a Dateline mystery and no one wants to wait to find out what happens next. That's why everyone needs Dateline Premium, where listening is always ad free. You get the whole story and nothing but the story. Or Do you? Yes, actually you do Subscribe now on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or dateline premium.com. Reagan tos. Friends were living a nightmare. A day earlier she'd been the beating heart of their group.


Now she was dead ripped from their lives in such a violent way. I don't think any of us slept at all. We all stayed together the whole night. We had a lot of people. I think all of our parents came to our apartment and just were there to console us and it really just didn't feel real at all. Trying to figure out who killed her was equally confusing. They felt it couldn't be Reagan's ex-boyfriend. Her disappearance had hit him hard. I remember talking to Jake that day. You could tell he was very worried throughout the day. Detectives checked Jake's alibi and That wasn rock solid. He tells us that he was watching a movie with his roommates and we were able to interview the other roommates separately and they all backed up his story completely.


Did you literally cross him off your list? No, we crossed him off the list. Truth be told, their list had no promising names on it. So they traced Reagan's steps that last day, starting with the moment she left her apartment for work that afternoon. Rick Forney was the lead detective on the case. We were able to obtain that video whenever she left to see if there was anyone around the area. Whenever she left in her car for another car, seemed to follow her and we didn't find anything. They also took a look at bodega's surveillance video. Here you can see Reagan walking out after her shift around 9:45 PM I kept expecting to see someone get up and follow Reagan outta the bar and we didn't see any of that.


There was no customer that was giving her a hard time or anybody who had been stalking her, following her. No one Police did receive a tip that a man posing as an Uber driver had been preying on intoxicated women around town. There were several attacks and even an alleged rape Yes. Surrounding this man, posing as a driver. I believe there were seven or eight in individuals that reported this person posing as a ride share driver was inappropriately touching them. But that didn't seem to fit Reagan's case. She'd driven herself to work. She had her car there and she wasn't intoxicated. She wasn't drinking, she was just leaving work. Perhaps Reagan's car was the key.


No one had seen it since she was murdered. Big city. Reagan's car could literally be anywhere. Yes, it could be anywhere in the state of Ohio. And at this point in time, it could even be outta state. We just had no idea where That wasn at. They entered Reagan's plates into a police database that tracks vehicles nationwide. It turned up nothing. So detectives tried another private database, one that collects information from license plate readers mounted on commercial vehicles. Sure enough, The private trash truck had picked up Reagan's license plate near Children's Hospital. That's incredible. A garbage truck. Yes. Gives you a huge break in this case.


That wasn, That wasn, That wasn definitely the break that we were looking for. We want to immediately get over to that area because the camera captured the car in this neighborhood a few hours previous to us being notified that That wasn there. The car could be gone, it could be gone. But when they pulled up there, That wasn, Reagan's silver Acura, This is a street that Reagan's car was found on. Parked along here is facing that direction. The first thing detectives noticed, burn marks on the back seat and the overwhelming stench of gasoline. What was that telling you? Most likely that the individual tried to destroy evidence, tried to destroy the car, But he obviously failed 'cause the car was intact.


Failed miserably. Inside the car, they found ATM receipts from different banks. From the night Reagan disappeared, though only $60 had been withdrawn from her account. Police suspected she'd been forced to withdraw the money as part of a robbery. Also, inside the car, they found cigarette butts. Do you know if Reagan smokes? We asked her roommates and her friends if family if she smoked, and they said absolutely not. So this could potentially, these butts could be the killers. And with butts come DNA, They rushed the cigarettes off for testing. Did you find her cell phone? Her cell phone was not in the car, but when we opened the trunk of the car, there was a gasoline can that was in there that was tipped over.


We, we started to think this was the killer's gas can either, it looked, it appeared to be relatively new. Police started calling around to see if that can had been bought in the area. They got a hit at a Columbus gas station. Surveillance video. Surveillance video, yes. They can't get the, the video to download for us. So we have to take pictures of it with our cell phones and we bring it back and we're showing everybody, but we see the suspect. What Does he look like? He's got on a hoodie and he has on something around his, his head Was this Reagan's killer. Detectives weren't sure, but that's not the only video they uncovered.


Here's Reagan withdrawing money at one of those ATMs next to her, a shadowy figure in the passenger seat. But who was he? And most importantly, where was he with their friend's murderer at large. Reagan's roommates were too scared to return to their apartment. That wasn your mom that first pointed out, well, you guys can't go back to your apartment because we don't know. Yeah, that person has her keys now. Yeah. Or a driver's license maybe. Exactly. Because really he had access to our house for probably 24 hours before we even realized. So that was kind of a terrifying afterthought. Yeah. Turns out they had good reason to be afraid because around Columbus, Ohio, Reagan's murder wasn't the only recent act of violence Coming up.


Stories of alarming encounters. He grabbed me, he had a knife, he put it to my neck. I heard the voice say, don't turn around or I'll shoot You. Just think about what, what she had to endure and what she was ultimately clinging onto at the end was just to live and be able to go home. It's hard to imagine the torment Reagan's parents experienced in the days after her murder.


The grief, the what ifs. The impossible question. Could they have done anything to prevent their daughter's senseless death? Taught our kids at a very young age about awareness and safety and being smart, not putting yourselves in bad situations. And in Toby's mind, that included going home after working a night shift near downtown Columbus. It's, you know, pretty rough around there. You had safety concerns. Yes, We did. We had even talked about it the last time we had been in town visiting her for a game. And we said, you know, you have to be extra vigilant because this is not campus.


This is the city. And in the weeks before Reagan's murder, vigilance was called for, especially in and around German village, a historic section of town not far from bodega. So you were just going to get into your car? Yeah. To head out and I don't know, I, I felt a presence something. Josie Merkel, a local theater actress, was the first resident to come face to face with violence. So I turned around and he must have come up that alley because he came in and was standing like in this side, right in the corner. And he had a hoodie pulled down almost to his eyebrows. And then he had a mask up around his nose.


So all I saw were eyes. So I just started screaming. Oh my gosh. And so he just ran to me and just kept beating me, beating my face. I fell to the ground between the two cars. And he just kept slugging me with his fist. And I kept screaming. And the only words he ever said were just shut up. Did you think this man might Actually kill you? Totally. This was somebody that wanted to do evil and hurt someone. That's what I saw. So yeah, I thought he was gonna kill me. So I just stayed on the ground. And then as suddenly as he appeared, the attacker was gone. And then after he just left Near the same neighborhood, several days later, Vanessa Edwards was on her way to work in the early morning when she noticed a man with a hoodie and a mask walking to toward her.


So Jay walked across the street, and then as I stepped up onto the grass, I kinda looked over my shoulder to get a feel for where he was. And he was right there. And this time the mysterious attacker was armed with more than his fists. He grabbed me, he had a knife, he put it to my neck and he said, shut up, don't yell. And so I screamed and he pushed it in a little bit harder. And he said, you need to shut up or I'm going to kill you right here. And I goes, somebody's gonna come and get me. You screamed anyway. Yeah. And he goes, no, they're not. He goes, I'm slicing your throat right now.


My Gosh. And I screamed one more time. And he kind of pushed it in a little bit. And then he shoved me away. He grabbed my bag And he took off running down the island. Columbus PD had a crime spree on its hands when three more people were assaulted around German Village, they increased patrols, but couldn't prevent the massed assailant from striking again. Just two days before Reagan disappeared, Julianne Beatty was taking some luggage out of the trunk of her car when she felt something against the back of her head That wasn a gun. I heard the voice say, don't turn around or I'll shoot. And instinctively I just turned around and the gun was pointed right at my forehead.


And he said, give me your bag or I'll kill you. So I just started screaming and yelling and struggling with him. And he was trying to get the purse off and I had it over my shoulder. And as he was pulling, we struggled and he hit me with the butt of the gun. My shoes flipped off in the street. My glasses ended up, oh over besides the bushes. He cracked a couple teeth. The man got julianne's purse and made his getaway. This this man is terrorizing The area. Oh, definitely. That wasn Unchecked Evil. Yeah. He's just terrorizing the area. Yes. I heard someone yell, help. And so I ran outside the Attacks. A total of seven in less than three weeks. Were all over the news village. Residents are on high alert tonight.


After last night's latest. Toby even raised it with Reagan. Reagan and I did talk about it. And there was a couple that occurred near downtown where, where Reagan worked That wasn. Just be careful. Apparently, I think everybody was pretty certain that That wasn one individual that was creating this havoc around Tom. Now, in his fog of grief, Reagan's father didn't make any connections between the attacks and his daughter's death. But one of the victims did. As soon as they announced that Reagan took was missing, and then they found her body. You know, my friend called me and said, this is too coincidental. It's all within a three mile radius.


I guarantee you that that individual that had murdered Reagan tos is somehow connected to your case. Were they connected? The attacks happened miles away from where Reagan's body was found in a different police district. So maybe not. Lieutenant Davidson had been on Reagan's case nonstop for more than 30 hours. When he thought about getting some rest, he'd barely been home. When his phone rang at ten thirty, one of his detectives was on the line. He had received a phone call from the DNA lab and we had a hit. That's incredible. It is to get a hit that fast. Yes.


After finding a body That wasn a huge break and what it revealed would stun this veteran investigator. What does he tell you? He says, you're not gonna believe this, but you know him Coming up a jolt for Reagan's family. My head was gonna explode. I It's amazing. I didn't have a heart attack or A stroke myself. When Dateline continues,


Hey guys. Willie Geist here reminding you to check out the Sunday Sit Down podcast. On this week's episode, I get together with the one and only Maka Harte to talk about 26 seasons as Captain Olivia Benson on the Iconic Series Law and Order Special Victims Unit. And the show's impact well beyond the television set. You can get our conversation now for free wherever you download your podcasts.


I'm Keith Morrison. This story is about the end of the world. A frostbitten pet symmetry and zombies. This is a story about a woman linked forever to the awful things that happened to her children. Well, it has to be heard, to be believed. Think you know every Dateline story. Think again. Listen to Mommy Doomsday and a dozen other riveting series when you follow the Dateline Originals podcast.


I mean, as soon as we entered the church, it, we pretty much all just started crying. Reagan's wake took place in the church where she and her family celebrated their faith. But when someone so young, so innocent is suddenly gone, it's hard to say goodbye. And we all walked over to look at her and we all just kind of blocked her arms and, and stood there. And I mean, we talked to her. We talked to each other. I remember I always used to braid Reagan's hair for her because she refused to learn to do it herself. And I remember I just like touched her hair. 'cause how many times have I braided her hair before That Wasn just, That's heartbreaking. That wasn surreal. Yeah.


But we stood there for a while. That wasn, that's the like one comfort is that we have each other. The journey of healing had just begun. And step one in that long painful process was bringing Reagan's killer to justice. That was Lieutenant Davidson's job. Two days after the murder, he had a DNA hit from Reagan's car and a name and to the lieutenant's surprise That wasn a name. He knew Brian Lee Goldsby. He put him behind bars for attempted rape and robbery six years earlier. Wow. Are you just floored by this News? I am. I am so floored by this. 'cause I thought he was still in jail. I was shocked.


Lieutenant Davidson learned that Goldsby was released three months before Reagan's murder and was living in a house less than a half mile from where her car was found. He sent a SWAT team to make the arrest and bring him in. Brian, you're not here by accident, right? You just happened to stumble upon this and you're here. You're here because we have a pretty good amount of evidence of on what Happened. Detective Forney was the lead interrogator, alright? He wanted to know what we had on him, and that's all the information he was gonna provide to us. And what we already knew, Investigators had Gold's, DNA inside Reagan's car.


He quickly caught to robbing her. So you got in the car, right? Then you went to Chase. Did you drive? Or she drive? So how much money did you get? Officially, You get him in the car with her, you get him going to the ATM with her. I mean, you're getting close, but are you getting a confession? We're not getting confession to the murder. I didn't kill no murder, man. YI know know how many times I can say that. Different ways to tell you. I didn't kill nobody else. I dunno how to tell you that. Who, who, who could have, I don't know, could have.


I'm not here. Alice would've been out there. I'm not the only one in this city. Grove City. You're the only one there. I told you I left as soon as I made her get outta the car. I made her stop right there. I told her to stop. She said right here. She looked back up like, yeah. I said, don't move for 30 minutes. I got in the car, I turned around and I left. Goldsby wasn't budging and I didn't shoot nobody, man. I've never, well, listen. Shot a gun in my life. Let's Just, so detectives set a trap though. They had no evidence that another person was involved in Reagan's murder. They suggested to Goldsby that an accomplice had killed her. I know you didn't pull the trigger, but I know somebody else was in the car. Who was it? This person is not real person, Is Not real fictitious character that you are.


Does he take the bait? He does. He takes the bait. I'm in a passenger's seat. He's in the backseat behind her now. We get down to the park, He says, check off all your clothes. Get out. He says, walk until I tell you to stop. She walks, she's naked. He gets behind her and then he goes, pow. She falls. She's laying on the ground. I'm looking on the car. And he bend down and shoots her again. Pow.


This is a chilling account of this murder That wasn. Very chilling. And the way that he described it, the way that he told the story, you knew that he was the one that pulled that trigger. At the end of this interrogation, Brian Goldsby was charged with aggravated murder, rape, kidnapping, and robbery. Reagan's dad, Toby showed up to Colby's first court appearance. How do you feel when you're there and you're seeing him? This man that did this to your daughter, Like my head was gonna explode. I've, it's amazing. I didn't have a heart attack or a stroke myself during that 20 minutes in court.


But what the family found out next turned their devastation and anger into unmitigated fury and a call for action. I think it's outrage times a thousand. It just so unbelievable Coming up a jaw dropping revelation about Brian Goldsby Had this monster in their grasp and they let him slip through Uncovering an astonishing gap in law enforcement. So this is a man out on parole with an ankle monitor and he's out committing heinous crimes. Absolutely. And getting away scot free.


Yes. As the jury reached a unanimous verdict In March, 2018, Brian Goolsby went on trial and was convicted for Reagan's murder. We, the jury, find the defendant guilty beyond a reasonable doubt. He was sentenced to life in prison without parole. The first thing that went through my head is this monster will never be able to harm another person again. Ever. But for the toes, family justice in the courtroom was not enough. The more I started to hear and understand about who, how, why I came to the realization that this never should have happened.


This never should have happened. They first learned that Goldsby had been out of prison for just a few months. And in prison he had a history of bad behavior still by Ohio law. There was no way to extend his sentence. This man had 52 violations in prison. Yes. And yet he still walks out. Still walks out. There's no punishment. 52 infractions and no consequences. Goldsby, a registered sex offender was assigned a parole officer. And what the Toks family learned next made them sick to their core. At the time of Reagan's murder, Goldsby was wearing an ankle monitor.


When I hear someone has an ankle monitor, I always thought it meant like if they went outside of their zone or pass their curfew, that an alarm would go off somewhere and the police would show up immediately. Right. And arrest them. And And most people do. And that is what's even more disturbing about it is most people think that. Was anyone watching him? No. The TOS family was surprised to learn that police don't have direct access to the GPS data from ankle monitors. It's usually collected by private companies that make and sell the devices and then share the data with parole officers. The information generally isn't monitored by law enforcement in real time. And sure enough, a look back at Colby's GPS Trail revealed, he was the mass assailant who for weeks had been terrorizing Columbus Every time that there was a robbery.


There's Brian Goldsby. So this Is a man out on parole with an ankle monitor and he's out committing heinous crimes. Absolutely. And getting away scot-free. Yes. I was outraged. I'm mad. All the signs were there. What more do you want? Somebody should have put two and two together. Did The system fail Reagan tos? Did it fail all of the victims? It failed. All the victims and everything went unchecked. I've never seen a community so outraged. State of Ohio Representative Kristen Boggs lives two blocks from where Goldsby kidnapped Reagan could. An astute detective with all the robberies have maybe looked at a list of parolees in the area and connected the dots.


Well, had that information been available to our law enforcement? Yeah. I think that that could have, that could have happened. After Reagan's murder, Boggs decided to investigate and possibly legislate. She discovered that GPS monitors can be, and sometimes are set up to send alerts if an offender violates a curfew or moves into a restricted area. But in Colby's case, Bogg says, Ohio's Department of Rehabilitation and Correction, or DRC told her this. They put a GPS monitor on him, but they didn't have any exclusionary zones affiliated with that monitor.


They didn't have any curfews affiliated with that monitor. So no geographic restrictions and, and no, no curfew programmed into it. What's the point of it Exactly? Is is part of it that it's supposed to be a deterrent of some Kind? I think that DRC believed that placing a GPS monitor on him would curtail his criminal activity, but it didn't. The reality is nobody's monitoring him electronically. Not in real time. Martin Horne, the former commissioner of probation for New York City and a critic of GPS monitors is not surprised by any of this. Is this a false sense of security? Oh, absolutely. It is not an electronic tether. All it is is something that after the fact, will either tell me where you were or where you weren't.


And even then, it is not foolproof. It's a great Monday morning quarterback tool. Yeah. And it's also, I think, a tremendous liability for the government agencies that use them because now they're holding the bag. There are no national statistics on crimes committed by people wearing GPS monitors. But we did our own search of news reports and found numerous cases over a two year span, armed robberies, rapes, and more than a dozen homicides. For instance, a man in Virginia murdered his cousin while wearing an ankle monitor. A similar story in Houston where a parolee with a monitor murdered his mother.


And in California, A GPS tracked sex offender, pled guilty to multiple sex crimes stemming from assaults on a hiking trail. I think the important question is whether this type of technological solution makes us safer. And in my experience, and based on my study, I don't see that it does. Ohio's DRC declined our request for an interview citing pending litigation. The TOS family sued for wrongful death, but the case was dismissed. They had this monster in their grasp and their control, and they let 'em slip through To know that this continues to go on and will continue to go on until they change the way the system currently is.


It's maddening it. And you can't put a price tag on innocent human life. You just can't. This pain is something I can't even put into words. Toby and Lisa have teamed up with Kristen Boggs and other Ohio lawmakers to introduce a bill called the Reagan TOS Act. The law would mandate that restrictions are placed on every GPS monitor and make it easier for police to see monitor information. It would also allow the sentences of badly behaving prisoners like Brian Goldsby to be extended. The sentencing part of the bill was signed into law in 2018. The part that deals with GPS monitors is pending.


The Ohio governor has also directed the DRC to make changes after a task force recommended many of the same reforms the family has been pushing. I refuse to let that one night define my daughter, Reagan. Toby, Lisa and Mackenzie are also working hard to create a legacy for Reagan that honors her bright spirit. Whatever you have to do to strike an Attack, they're promoting self-defense training for women. They wanna see classes like these taught at colleges and high schools nationwide. Reagan will undoubtedly save lives. Yeah. Now sure he has.


And they're holding rallies and raising money for a foundation that will give annual scholarships in Reagan's name. She would be so excited to know that she is sending people to college, especially Ohio State. We would like to take a moment to remember On a blue sky spring day, the girl who wanted so badly to go to Ohio State did get to graduate. Reagan's family accepted a posthumous degree on her behalf. I hereby conferred the degree Bachelor of Arts upon Reagan Delaney to She got a standing ovation that she deserved. And that spot, that lonely park where Reagan lost her life that's been transformed.


It's now a tranquility garden in her memory. I choose to believe in my heart that her presence is still here. Her legacy gets to be that she still is here in this world, changing this world and making a difference. That's all. For now. I'm Lester Holt. Thanks for joining us. A true crime story never really ends even when a case is closed. The journey for those left behind is just beginning. Since Our Dateline story aired, Tracy has harnessed her outrage into a mission.


I had no other option. I had to do something. Catch up with families, friends, and investigators on our bonus series After the Verdict. Ordinary people facing extraordinary circumstances with strength and courage, It does just change your life. But speaking up for these issues helps me keep going. To listen to After the Verdict. Subscribe to Dateline Premium on Apple Podcast, Spotify, or@datelinepremium.com.